FROM

MAGNA C H A R T A

To. the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq.

Reader of the Law Lefture to that Honourable Society.

V O L. XXXIX.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by J. Archdeacon & J. Burges, Printers to the UNIVERSITY; (By Alignment from the Executor of Mr, Charles Bathurfl:,)

For J. Johnson, in St. Paul’s Church-yard, G.G. J.&J.Robinson, in Pater-nofter Row, and D.Ogilvy & Co. in Middle Row, Holbbrn, London, 1794.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.



Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii III. Regis;

Being the THIRD Seffion of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXIX. Part I.



This Day is publifhed,(Price 6s. 6cl.

THE

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

TO THE

Thirty-fecond Year of the Reign of King GEORGE III.

INCLUSIVE.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq,

Law Reader to that Honourable Society,

VOL. XXXVIII.

Being an INDEX to the faid STATUTES, from the Second to the Thirty-lecond Year of the Reign of King GEORGE IIL both inclufive.

LONDON,

Printed for G. G. & J. Robinson, J. Johnson, and Ogilvy & Speare,

Middle Row, Holhorn.

Of whom may he had,

Various Volumes and Seffions of the above Statutes, to complete broken or imperfect Sets; alfo a few Copies of the Index, complete in 2 Vols. Price 12s. 6d. in Boards,

N.B. This Index may alfo accommodate fuch Gentlemen who may have an Index to the Statutes publilhed in Odlavo by Owen Ruff head, Efq, and would wifli to have a complete Index to the Statutes at Large,

 

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICS and PRIVATE*

PaITed Anno tricesimo tertib

GEORGII IIL Regis:

Being the Third Seffion of the Seventeenth Parliament oi Great Britain.

4

PUBL1CK ACTS.

Cap. i. npO prohibit the circulation of promiffory or other Jl notes, orders, undertakings* or obligations, for the payment of any fum or fums of money, or for any other confideration, created and iflued under or in the name of any pubhck authority in Prance.

Cap. 2. To enable his Majefty to reftrain the exportation of naval ftores; and more effectually to prevent the exportation of fait petre, arms, and ammunition, when prohibited by proclamation or order in council.

Cap. 3. For indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advifing or carrying into execution an order of council refpedting the exportation of wheat and wheat flour, for preventing fuits in confequence of the famev and for making further provifions relative thereto; and alfo for authorifing his Majefty to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, bread* bifcuit, and potatoes; and to permit the importation of corn, meal, ot flour, on the low duties.

Cap. 4. For eftablilhing regulations refpe&ing aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refident therein, in certain cafes.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 5. For the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprifonment of their persons ; and to oblige debtors, who fhall continue in execution in prifon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the acSf, to make discovery of, and deliver, upon oath, their eftates for their creditors benefit.

Cap. 6. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore.

Cap. 7. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-three.

Cap. 8. To provide for the families of persons chofen by lot to ferve in the militia of this kingdom, and of fubftitutes ferv-ing therein ; and to explain and amend an a6t of parliament patted in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An att for amending, and reducing into one at7 of parliamentthe laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 9. For punilhing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 10. To continue the laws now in torce for regulating the trade between the fubjects of his Majefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united ftates of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and tire inhabitants of the countries belonging to the Paid united (fates.

Cap. 11. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice ot the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninery-thtee.

Cap. 12. To indemnify fuch persons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes ; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and. borough towns, whofe admiftions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law7, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid ; and for allowing them time to provide admiftions duly ftamped ; to give further time to fuch persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors; for indemnifying deputy Jieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negledted to tranfmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpole.

Cap. 13. To prevent .ads of parliament from taking efteft from a time prior to the patting thereof.

Cap. 14. To enable the royal exchange afturance companies, and their fuccefiors, to grant, purchaie, and fell annuities upon or for lives.

Cap. 15. To enable the governor and company of the bank

of

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tof England to purchafe certain houfes anti ground contiguous to the bank of England.

Cap. 16. For effectually carrying into execution an act of* parliament of the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for making a navigable canal from the town of Rating-ftoke, in the county 0/Southampton, to communicate ivith tbe river Wey, in tbe parijh of Chertfey, in the county of Surrey, and to tbe foutb-eajl fide of the turnpike road, in tbe parifJi 0/Turgils, in tbe faid county ^/Southampton.

Cap. 17. For raifing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three.

Cap. 18. For raifing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three.

Cap. 19. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three ; and for making provifion for adjutants who have ferved a certain time in the militia.

Cap. 20. For effectually carrying into execution an aCt of parliament of the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefly, for making and maintaining a navigable communication betvjeen Stowmarket and Ipfwich, in tbe county of Suffolk.

Cap. 21. To enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Manchefter to or near Afbton under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the faid canal from a place called Clayton De-mefnc, in the townfhip of Droy fieri, in the parifh of Manchefter aforefaid, to a place in the turnpike road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchefter and Stockport, oppofite to the houfe known by the fign of The Three Boars Heads; and from or nearly from a place called Taylor's Barn, in the townfhip of Reddifh, to Denton, at a place called Beat Bank, adjoining the turnpike toad leading between Stockport and ftfbton under Lyne; and alfo from the intended aqueduct bridge, at or near a place called tVater-houfes, in the parifh of AJbton under Lyne aforefaid, to a place called Stake Leach, at Hollinwood, in the townfhip of Oldham aforefaid.

Cap. 22. For granting to his Majefly the fum of tw'o hundred thoufand pounds, to be iffued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Gap. 23. For altering the provifions of an aCt, pafTed in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for repealing the duties payable for beer and ale above fix findings the barrel, exclufive of the duties of cxcife, and not exceeding eleven findings the barrel, exclufive of fuck duties, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, fo far as refpeCts the quality of table beer brewed by common brewers.

Cap. 24. For feparating the chapels of Chorley and Rufford

a 4	troin

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

from the parish of Croft on, in the county of Lancafter, and for making them two diftind pariih churches.

Cap, 25- For paving the footpaths, within the borough of Ludlow, in the county of Salop ; and for lighting, watching, and otherwife improving, the (aid borough.

Cap, 26. For the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majefty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant fhips5 and other trading (hips and vefiels, during the prefent war.

Cap. 27, More effectually to prevent, during the prefent war between Great Britain and France, all traitorous corre-fpoodence with, or aid or alMance being given to, his Majefty’s enemies.

Cap. 28. For raifing a certain fum of money, by way of annuities, to be charged on the confolidated fund ; and for making perpetual certain duties of excile on Britijh fpirits, and certain duties on the amount of affefted taxes.

Cap. 29. For enabling his Majefty to direbl the tfluq of exchequer bills, to a limited amount, for the purpofes and in the manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 30. For the better preventing forgeries and frauds in the transfers of the feverai funds transferable at the bank of England.

Cap. 3 r. To enable the common council of the town of Liverpool^ in the county of Lancafteron behalf and account of the corporation of the (aid town, to ifiue negociable notes for a limited time, and to s limited amount.

Cap. 32. For enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned ; and for providing that the governor and company of the bank of England (hall not be fubje& to any penalties, by reafon of an adf made in the fifth year of the reign of King IFiUiam and Queen Mary, on account of their advancing money for the payment of bills of exchange accepted by, or by the dire&ion of the commifTsoners of his Majefty’s treafury, and made payable at the bank of England.

Cap. 33. For repealing part of an adl, paffed in the fir ft year of the reign of Queen Anne^ intituled, An att for preventing frauds in the duties upon fait, and for the better payment of debentures at the ajlom houfe% which may relate to the refining and making of fait at certain works intended to be erebted at Gar-ft on, in the county palatine of Lancafter, inftead of the prefent fait works at Liverpool.

Cap. 34, For the relief of the captors of prizes, with refpebf to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom.

Cap. 35. To explain and amend an a61, pafted in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better relief and employment of the poor.

Cap. 36. To eftablifh certain regulations refpedling officers Terming in feverai corps of fencible men, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ and in certain other corps which may be direbled to be railed in Great Britain.

Cap. 37. To amend an a<51, made in the thirty-firft year of

the

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the.reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled*

An aft for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and affze thereof; and to punifh persons who /ball adulterate meal, flour, or bread, with refped to the time within which certain profe-cutions directed by the faid ad are to be brought.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly from a place called ft he Sallisford, in the parifh of Saint Mary, in the borough of Warwick, unto or near to the parilh of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain navigable canal in or near to the town of Birmingham, called the Digbeth branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley canal navigations.

Cap. 39. For the more eafy railing money upon the hundred of Hem-ling ford, in the county of Warwick, for paying the damages and colts incurred on account of the late riots within the faid hundred, than is authorifed to be done by the laws now in being.

Cap. 40. To continue fevera! laws, relating to the landing rum or fpirits of the Brilif) fugar plantations before payment of the duties of excife ; to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval (lores from the Britijh colonies in America ; to the granting liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or raanufadure of any of his, Majefty’s fugar colonies di-redly to foreign parts, in (hips built in Great Britain and navigated according to law ; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britijh fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies; to the granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britijh and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of f?3x ; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfds made ufe of in the iron and (feel manufadures of this kingdom, and to prevent the feducing of artificers and workmen, employed in thofe manufadures, to go into parts beyond the Teas; to the afeertaining the (frength of fpirits by Clarke's hydrometer ; and to revive and continue an ad, made in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for the more eftedual encouragement of the manufadures of (lax and cotton in Great Britain.

Cap. 41. To enable Robert Claxton of Brijlol, merchant, to take the oath preferibed and direded to be taken by an ad of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for the further en~ creafe and encouragement of /hipping and navigation.

Cap. 42. For incorporating the company of free fifhers and dredgers of Whit fable, in the county of Kent, and for the better ordering and government of the ftlhery.

Cap. 43. For enlarging the powers of and rendering more effedual an ad, made in the twenfy-eighth year of the reign of his prefent'Majefty, intituled, An a£t for rebuilding the parijh church of Paddington in the county ^/'Middlelex, and for enlarging the church yard of the faid par if).

Cap. 44. For requiring a certain form of oath of abjuration,

and

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and declaration, from his Majefty’s fubjeds, profefling the Roman catholick religion, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

Cap. 45. For taking down and rebuilding the tower of the parifh church of Hanbury, in the county of Wore eft cry arid for repairing the faid church, and rendering the fame more commodious for the parifhioners.

Cap. 46. For veiling in his Majefty certain forfeited eftates in Ireland, fubjed to the difpofition of the parliament of Ireland.

Cap. 47. For placing the (lock called Raft India Annuities under the management of the governor and company of the bank of England, and ingrafting the fame on the three pounds per centum reduced annuities, in redemption of a debt of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, owing by the publick to the Eajl India company; and for enabling the laid company to raife a fum of money, by a further increafe of their capital (lock, to be applied in difeharge of certain debts of the faid company.

Cap. 48. To allow the drawback of the duties of cuftoms and excife upon wines confumed by admirals, captains, and other commiflioned officers, on board (hips of war in adual fervice, and to allow Inch thips to be fupplied with tobacco, duty-free.

Cap. 49. For further continuing and amending an ad made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An ad for further encouraging and regulating the rrianufadure of Britifhy<2/7 cloth, and for the more effectual fecuring the duties now payable on foreign fail cloth imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 50. To amend an ad, pa fled in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in foreign fhips, into and from certain ports and places in the Weft Indies; and for amending fo much of an ad, made in the thirty— fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to permitting the importation of fugar into the Bahama and Bermuda iflands in foreign (hips; and fo much of two ads, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-ftrft years of his prefent Ma-jefty’s reign, as prohibits the importation of timber into any iiland under the dominion of his Majefty in the Weft Indies from any foreign colony or plantation in the Weft Indies or South America ; and fo much of the faid ad, made in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as prohibits the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine into Nova Scotia or New Erunfwick from any country belonging to the united ftates of America.

Cap. 51. For rendering more effedual an ad of the prefent fefllon ot parliament, intituled. An ad for enabling his Majefty to dired the iffue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the put-pofes Gud in the manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 52. For continuing in the Eaft India company? for a further term, the pofleffion of the Brilifh territories in India >

together

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

together with theexclufive trade, under certain limitations; for eftablilhing further regulations for the government of the faici territories, and the better adminiftration of juftice within the fame; for appropriating to certain ufes the revenges and profits of the faid company; and for making provifion for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bo tub ay.

Cap. 53. To continue and amend an aft, palled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An cM for further regulating the trade or bufmefs of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 54. For tlie encouragement and relief of friendly fo-cieties.

Cap. 55. To authorife juftices of the peace to impofe fines upon conftablcs, overfeers, and other peace or parifh officers, for negleft of duty, and on matters of apprentices for ill ufage of fuch their apprentices; and alfo to make provifion for the execution of warrants of diftrefs granted by magittrates.

Cap. 56. To amend an aft made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for regulating the allowance of the drawback^ and payment of the bounty, on the exportation of fugar, and for permitting the importation of fugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iflands, in foreign flips; and for reducing the bounty on refined iugars, exported in any other than Britijb (hip*.

Cap. 57. For the better regulation of warehoufed tobacco, and for permitting certain tobacco of the Spanif? dominions to be admitted to entry on the payment of the Brit if? plantation duty.

Cap. 58. To allow to (hips carrying on the fouthern whale fifhery to the north of the equator, the fame premium as they are now entitled to if they do not pal's the equator.

Cap. 59. To continue certain duties of excife on foreign fpi-rits imported into this kingdom, for a limited time ; and alfo for continuing certain laws of excife therein mentioned.

Cap. 60. To enable the poftmafter general to fend the mail to the dominions of his catholick majefty, on board of any vefiels authorifed by his catholick majefty to carry the fame.

Cap. 61. For the regulation of diftillers in Scotland, and the exportation of Britijb- made I pi rits from England tg Scotland, and frojn Scotland to England, for a limited time.

Cap. 62. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.	,

Cap. 63. To permit goods and commodities of the growth, production, or manufafture ori Ajia, Africa, or America, legally-imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain.

Cap. 64. To explain and amend an aft, patted in the feventh and eighth years, of King William the Third, intituled. An aid for the further regulating elections of members to ferve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of jherijfs and other officers in the eleCling and returning fuch membery, fo far as relates w the publication of notices of the time and place of eleftion.

Cap,

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 65. To amend an act,, made in the thirty-firft year of

the re;gn of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britifh corn exported.

Cap. 66. For the encouragement of Teamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majefty’s navy.

Cap. 67. For better preventing offences in obftrufting, defraying, or damaging (hips or other veffels, and in obftrufting Teamen, keelmen, callers, and (hip carpenters, from purfuing their lawful occupations.

Cap. 68. For remedying inconveniencies attending certain proceedings in the courts ot great feftions in Wales, and for the county palatine of Chejhr, in the court of common pleas for the county palatine of Lancajhr, in the court of pleas for the county palatine of Durham, and in the county courts in Wales.

Cap, 69. For repealing the duties on coals, culm, and cinders brought or carried coaf wife into Scotland; and for granting other duties on licences to fell certain diltilled fpirituous liquors, in lieu thereof.

Cap. 70. For repealing the duties and drawbacks on figs, and for granting and allowing other duties and drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a duty on the importation, and allowing a drawback on the exportation, of virginal wire of copper; for impowering the commiffioners of the cuftoms to authorife their officers to make allowance for damages received by goods during the voyage; and for authoring the commiffioners of the cuftoms and excife to fell veffels, liable to be broken up, to private perfons, to be ufed as privateers.

Cap. 71. For further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, intituled, An aft to enable the lord high treafurer, or com-mijponcn of the treafury, for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Ma-je fly's reign, on horfes let to hire for travelling pofl, and by time, to finch perjons as Jhould he willing to contraft for the fame.

Cap. 72. For granting to lffs Majeffy a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund; for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thou-fand ieven hundred and ninety-three ; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament*

Cap. 73. To continue, for a limited time, and to amend feveral aeffs of parliament for regulating the (hipping and carrying Haves in Britijh veffels from the coaff of Africa.

Cap. 74. For rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 75. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an aft pa (Ted in the eleventh year of his prefent Majeffy’s reign, intituled, An aft for corjolidating, extending, and rendering more effcftual, the powers granted by Jeveral afts of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleanfing the vaults, drains, and Joiners, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for

paving,

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

paving, cUanfuig, and lighting the Jlreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, and places, preventing and removing cl?-Jlruftiotts and annoyances within the fame.

Cap. 76. For eftablifhing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfoundland, and the illands adjacent.

Cap. 77. For further fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on the heirs male of the body of the late lord Rodney, to whom the barony of Rodney final 1 defcend, in confideration of the eminent fervices performed by the laid late lord Rodney to his Majesty and the publick.

Cap. 78. To enable his royal highnefs George prince of Wales, to make leafes, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his faid royal highnefshs duchy of Corn-wall, or annexed to the fame * and for the other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 79. Requiring and author!fing Charles Gilbert efquire, treafurer of the eaftern divifion, and the reverend Francis Tutte, the legal reprefentative of Randolph Tutte deceafed, late treafurer of the weftern divifion of the county of Suffix, to pay certain turns of money received by them the laid treafurers, or either of them, on account of the not raifing the militia of the faid county* into the publick flocks of the faid divifions, to be applied as therein is direfted ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 80. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Oxford canal navigation, at Braunfton, in the county of Northampton, to join the river Thames at or near Brentford, in the county of Middlefex, and alfo certain collateral cuts from the faid intended canal.

Cap. 81. To amend an act made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals nfed in fmelting copper and lead ores, and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and had mines, within the ifle ^ Anglefey.

Cap. 82. To explain and amend an aft, pafTed in the eleventh year "of the reign of ins prefent Majefty, for the better pavings - cleatifing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwife the Church PafTage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the paffages therein, or leading thereto, in the parifh 0/Trinity otherwife Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the county e?/* Middlefex, within the liberty of his Majejly s tower ^/‘London, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 83. For the better lighting, cleanfing, watching, and regulating the fquares, fireets, lanes, alleys, palTages, and places, within the parifh of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlefex \ and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, and encroachments within the fame.

Cap. 84. To repeal (o much of an aft, made in the twentieth year of his prefent xMajefty’s reign, as relates to the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the parilhes of Halifax, Bradfordx Kighley, Bingley, Guifeley, Calverley, Bailey, Bir-

 

A T A B L E of the STATUTES.

fiAl, Mir fields Hartijhead cum Clifton, Almond bury, Kir kb eat on, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the lordlhip or liberty of Tong, in the weft riding of the county of York, and for granting other powers for thofe purpofes.

Cap. 85. For fupplying the towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Da mar el, Stonehoufie, and the parts adjacent in the county of Devon, with water.

Cap, 86. f or amending and enlarging the powers of two a6fs, one made in the thirty-rirft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the other made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better fupplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with coals.

Cap. 87. For enlarging the church yard or cemetery of the parifh church of Saint Mary, Ijlington, in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 88. For paving and repairing certain ftreets, lanes, and other publick paiTages and places, in the parifh of Saint Matthau Bethnal Green, in the county ot Middlefex; and for paving and regulating fuch parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street, as are in the parifh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch; and for removing ob-^ ftrudiions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 89. For paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and re-r gulating the ftreets, fquares, lanes, ways, paftages, and publick places, within fuch part of the parifh of Walcot, in the county of Sorncrfct, as is not within the circuit, precindf, and jurifdic-tion of the city of Bath, in the fame county; and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, encroachments, and ob-ftrudtions; and for eftablifhing a proper and effective police therein ; and for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches, chairs, porters, bafket men, and bafket women, within the faid city of Bath, and a certain diftance thereof.

Cap. 90. For making a new ftreet from Saint George's Road in the parifh of Chrijichurch in the county of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and acrofs The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the faid parifh ; and for difconti-nuing as a publick highway part of a ftreet called The Upper Ground Street, in the faid parifh.

Cap. 91. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn at Shrewjbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Merfiey at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chefter; and alfo for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the faid intended canal.

Cap. 92. For paving, lighting, cleanfing, and otherwife improving the town of Ipfiwich, in the county of Suffolk; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftru&ions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 93. For making and maintaining a navigable communication between the town of Chelmsford, or fome part of the parifh of Springfield, in the county of EJfiex, and a place called Collier s Reach, in or near the river Btachvater, in the faid county.

Cap. 94. For making and maintaining a navigable canal frona

or

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

or nearly from the town of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln y to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and alio a collateral cut horn the faid intended canal, at or near Cropwell Butler, to the town of Bingham, both in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 95. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Glqrnorganfhire canal, to or near the village of Aberdare, in the county of Glamorgan \ and for making and maintaining a rail-way or (lone road from thence to or near Abernant, in the parifh of Cadoxtone juxta Neath, in the faid county.

Cap. 96. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town of Brecknock to the Monmouthjhire canal, near the town oi Pontypool, in the county of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining rail-ways and done roads from fuch canal to feveral iron works and mines in tire counties of Brecknock and Monmouth.

Cap. 97. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from {he river Severn, at or near the city of Gloucejler, into a place called Berkeley Pill, in tire parifh of Berkeley ; and alfo a cut to * qr near the town of Berkeley, in the county of Gloucejler.

Cap. 98. For making and maintaining a navigation from the town of Leicejler to communicate with the river Nen, in or near the town of Northampton, and alfo a certain collateral cut from the faid navigation.

Cap. 99. For making and maintaining a navigable communication from the junction of the river Fofs with the river Oufe, at or near the city of York, to Stillington Mill, in the parifh of Stillington, in the north riding of the county of York; and for < draining and improving certain low lands lying on each fide of the faid river Fofs.

Cap. 100. To explain and amend an add made in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for erefting piers in, and for repairing and keeping in repair the harbour of Lirtlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the county of Suflex ; and for impowering the commifhoners acting under the faid ad to improve the navigation of the river Arm, from the faid harbour to the town of Arundel, in the faid county.

Cap. 101. For amending and enlarging the powers of an ad, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for taking dozen and re-building the parifh church of All Sainis within the town and county of the town ^Southampton, and for pur chafing land for the purpofe of a church'yard for the ufe of the faid parifh.

Cap. 102. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Trent, at or near Swarkftone Bridge, to and through the borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a cut out of the faid cana] in or near the laid borough, to join the Erewufh canal near S and ia ere, and for making rail-ways from fuch canal to feveral collieries in the parilhes or liberties of Denby, Horfey, and Smalley, all in the county of Derby.

Cap. 103. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the Melton Mowbray navigation, in the county of Leicejler, to Oakham, in the county of Badland.

Hosted by

Cap

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 104. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Loch Giipy to Loch Grinan, in the (hire o(Argyll.

Cap. 105. For making and maintaining a navigable ci>t or canal from a place called Ha miner fide Hill in the parifh of Uiver-(lone, in the county palatine of Lamafier, to a place called Weint End, near the town of Ulverjhne atorefaid.

Cap. 106. For building a bridge over the river Derwent, at or near Bubwitb Ferryin the eaft riding of the county of Yorky and making proper approaches thereto.

Cap. 107. To alter and amend an acf, palled in the lafl fef-fion of parliament, intituled, yin aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Weftmor-land, to Weft Houghton, in the county palatine 0/Lancafter; and cAjo a navigable branch from the fold intended canal, at or near Bor-wick, to or near War ton Cragg ; and alfo another navigable branch from, at, or near Gale Mofs, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury* in the Jaid county palatine ^Lancafter; and alfo for making a navigable branch from the faid canal, at or near Galgate, to Glojjon Dock, in the faid county palatine of Lamafier.

ic8. For draining, dividing* inclofing, and improving all the moor lands in the townlhips of Rednefi and Swine fleet, in the pari fa of Whit gift, in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 109. For draining, preferving, and improving certain lands, lying in the feveral parilhes of Spalding (including the hamlets of Coivbit and Peakill) Wcflon, Moulton, Whaplode, HoL beck. Fleet, Gedmy, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholasy otherwife Lutton, all in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln* Cap. no. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Colder, in the townfhip of IVarmfeld cum'Heath, to or near the town of Barn (ley y and. from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the townfhip of Cawihorne, in the weft riding of the county of York \ and certain railways, and other roads to communicate therewith.

Cap. hi. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the collieries at Shipley and Wejlhallam, in the county of Derby, to the Ertwajh canal, in the parifh of Stanton by Dale> in the faid county.

Cap. 112. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Worcefler and Birmingham canal navigation, in the pa-lilh of King9s Norton, into the borough of Stratford upon Avon; and alfo certain collateral cuts from the faid intended canah Cap. 113. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the north end of the Shropjhire canal, in the townfhip of Rockwardine Wood, in the county of Salop, to the town pf Shrewfbury, in the faid county.

Cap. 114. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Ancholtne, in the parifh of South Kelfey, in the county of Lincoln, in the parifh of Caiftor, in the faid county.

Cap. 115. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Dun navigation cut, in the townfhip of Swinton, to or near the town of Barnfley, in the parifh of Silkflone9 in the.

weft

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

weft riding of the county of York; and certain collateral cuts

branching out of the faid canal.

Cap. 116. For embanking and draining certain fait marfhes and low lands within the feveral parithes of Spaldings Moulton> Wbaplode, Holbecb, and Gedney, in the county of Lincoln; and for preventing the fame marfhes and lands from'being overflowed with the fea, and for altering an a£f pafled in the thirty-flrft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons, marfhes^ drove?, vaafle lands, and grounds, in the parifh of Gedney and hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 117. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the nver Dun navigation cut, at or near Stainforth, in the weft riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the river Trent at or near Keadby, in the county of Lincoln, and alfo a collateral cut from the faid canal to join the faid river Dun, in the parifh of Thorne, in the faid riding.

Cap. 118. For making effe&ual the ftatute labour in the (hire of Invernefs. ; and for levying converflon money in lieu of labour; and for otherwife regulating, making, and repairing highways and bridges in the laid Ihire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the ftreets within the royal burgh of Invernefs.

Cap. 119. To vary and extend the line of the canal au-thorifed to be made by an a£t. pafled in the thirty-fiift year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal frotn the city of Hereford to the city of Gloucefter, zvith a collateral cut from the fame to the totvn ^Newent, in the county ^Gloucefter, and to amend the faid a<5t.

Cap. 120. For making effectual the ftatute labour, and for levying converflon money in lieu of labour in certain cafes, and for otherwife regulating, making, and repairing high roads and bridges in the county of Caithnefs.

Cap. 121. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Dudley canal, in the county of Wort eft er, to the Wor-cefer and Birmingham canal now making at or near Selly Oak, in the faid county; and alfo certain collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

Cap. 122. For ere<5Ving and making a pier and harbour in the cove of Trevaunance, in the parifh of Saint Agnes, in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 123. For enlarging, deepening, cleanflng, improving, and regulating the harbour of Carnarvon, in the county of Car~ narvon.

Cap. 124. For rebuilding the Tron Church of the, city of Glaf-gow; for opening certain ftreets; for removing obftruifiions in the Trongate Street; for building a bridge over the river Clyde, opp'ofite to the Salt Market Street; for regulating the weight and meafure of coals, and the mode of carrying wood and timber on the ftreets of the faid city \ for enlarging the gaol or tolbooth Vol. XXXIX,	b	there	i

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

there ; and for felling part of the High ox Calton Green, and alfo the glebe belonging to the Inner High Churchy and parifh of Glafgow.

Cap. 125. For enlarging, deepening, cleanfing, improving, and .regulating, the harbour of Amlwch y in the iile of Angle fey.

Clip. 126. For amending an a<fl made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An oft for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred ofBAything, in the county of Suffolk, and for granting fome further powers and pro-vifions for carrying the fame more effectually into execution.

Cap. 127. For repealing an a£t, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ail for enlarging the charitable ufeSy extending the objeClSy and regulating the application of the rents and profits of the ejlates given by fir Willram Harpur knight, and dame Alice his wifey for the benefit of the poor, and other objects of charityy of the town of Bedford 5 and for the better management and difpofition of the faid eftates, and the rents and profits thereof.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 128. For more effectually repairing the roads from Ipf-wich to the Stole Inn road, and from Claydon to the Bury Saint Edmund's road, at the end of the bounds of the parifh of Haiv-leighy and from Yaxley Bull to Eyey and from Eye to Lanthorn Greeny in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 129. For reviving, continuing, and amending certain a6ts, of the fourteenth and thirtieth years of King George the Second, fo far as relates to repairing the road from the north end of Wakefield Bridge to Halifaxy in the well: riding of the county of York.

Cap. 130. For repairing the roads from the town of Cambridge to a place called Long Leys, and from the faid town of Cambridge to Royf on, in the counties of Cambridge and Effex.

Cap. 131. For amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Uttoxeter to the weftwardly part of Hardiwick heath, and for letting out and making a new road from thence to Stoke near Stone; and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the village of Millwich to Sandon, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 132. For enlarging the term, and altering the powers, of an adt, pafTed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent majelly King George the Third, intituled, An all for more effectually repairing fever al roads leading from Ledbury, in the county of Hereford, and the road through the parifh fl/'Bromefber-row, in the .county of Glouceffer, and Corfe Lawn, till it joins the road from Glouceffer to Worcefter.

Cap. 133. For opening and making a new road from the turnpike road at Craig Evan Leyfon, in the parifh of Lanvabony to the confines of the parifh of Yjlradyvcducky near Abernanty in the county ot Glamorgan.

Cap. S34. For more effectually repairing the road from Black-turn to Burfcough Bridge, in the county ot Lancajler.

Cap.

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 135. For continuing and amending an ad, paffed~in the thirteenth year of his prefent majefty King George the Third, intituled, An aft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair,, the road from the guide pof, at the weft end of the town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the town 0/Staines, in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 136. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an ad, paffed in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and ividening the road from Bawtry, in the county of York, to Eaft Markham Common, in the county

Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge,- in the faid county.

Cap. 137. For continuing the term of an ad, of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, turnings and altering the road from the bottom of Galley Hill, near the town of Witney, to the croft in Clanficld, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 138. For continuing the term, and altering and en-larging the powers of an ad made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the bigkivays from Speen-hamland, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts, and feveral other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 139. For repairing and amending the roads leading from the town of Manchefer, in the county of Lancafer, through the town of Afhton under Line, and parifh of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter’s Brooks in the county palatine of Chefer.

Cap. 140. For making and maintaining a road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the parifh of Saddleworth, in the weft riding of the county of York, to Brookhoufes, in the parifh of Gloffop, in the counfy of Derby ; and for repairing and altering the road leading from, or nearly from, a clofe called Copley Meadozv, in St ay ley, to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the county of Chefer.

Cap. 141. To enlarge the terms and powers of two ads of parliament, the one paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the rood from New-caftle under Line to Haffop, and from Middle Hills to the Mac-clesfield turnpike road near Buxton, and alfo the road branching out of the faid firf mentioned road at Cobridge to Burflem, and to the Uttoxeter turnpike road at Shelton, in the county of Stafford ; and the other paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his faid Majefty, to enlarge the term and powers of the faid ad, and for amending feveral other roads therein deferibed.

Cap. 142. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an ad of parliament of the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the town 0/* Halifax, in the wef riding of the county of York, to the town ^/Sheffield, in the fame riding, fo far as relates to the firft diftrid of the roads mentioned in the faid ad.

Cap. 143. For repairing and widening the road from the foot of a certain bridge, in the parifh of Little Bowden, in the county of Northampton, commonly called Saint Mary’s5Bridge, to the weft fide of the toll bar at the north end of the town of Rocking-ham> in the faid county.

b 2	Cap.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 144. For amending, improving, and keeping in repair, feverai roads leading to and from the city of Bath.

Cap. 145. For repairinrr the roads leading from the weftern part of the parifh of Sheffield to Harivicb and Rockford, and from Chelmsford to Ballingdon Bridge, and from Margaretting to Malden > and from Colchejler to Dedham'Bridge, and from Lexden to the eaft end of the town of Haverill, and from High Garrett to Bulmer Tie, and from Mark's Tey to Braintree, and from Little Walt ham to the end of the parifh of Great Hallingbury, and from Malden to Braintree, in the county of Effex.

Cap. 146. For repairing the high road leading from Ccckerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the county of Durham, to Staindrop, in the faid county.

Cap. 147. To enlarge the term and powers of an a<51, palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majeffy, intituled, jin aft to continue the term, and vary the powers, of fo much of an aft, made in the tiventy-firji year of the reign of his late Majejly, for repairing the road from Sutton Coldfield common, and feverai other roads therein defcribed, in the county of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton dijlritI of roads.

Cap. 148. For repairing, widening, and altering the road from the turnpike road between Gaiejhead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the parifh of Whichham, in the county of Durham, ' to Bur try Ford, in the parifh of Stanhope, in the fame county, and a branch from the faid road, near Bryan’s Leap, in the county of Durham, to the Corbridge turnpike road near Black-hedley, in the county of Northumberland, and another branch from the faid road at Wolfngham, in the county of Durham, to Crofgate, near the city of Durham.

Cap. 149. For repairing and widening the roads from Hadley turnpike gate to Slifford bridge, and from a farm houfe called Tarpoits to the town of South Benfleet, and from the pound in the town of Brentwood to Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Horndon on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to Pur fleet, in the county of EJfex.

Cap. 150. For widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the road leading from the eaft fide of the market place in New Sleaford, to and through the town of Anwick, in the county of Lincoln; and for making publick the drove road from the laid town of Anwick to Kyme Praia Grounds, and for making a road from thence to join the prefent road near North Kyme town; and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the road leading from thence through the faid town of North Kyme, near Billinghay Dales, to the river Witham, and alfo the road from the oppolue fhore of the faid river to the town of Tatterfhall, in the faid county of Lincoln, and for building a bridge over the Witham, at, or near to, Tatterfhall Ferry.

Cap. 151. To continue the term and powers of an a6t, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the road from the wefl end of Saint Ive’s Lane, in the town of Saint Neots, in the county of

Huntingdon,

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Huntingdon, to the pavement at the end of Bell Laney in the town of Cambridge.

Cap. 152. For repairing and widening the road from the Moot Holt in JVirkfworth, to the turnpike road leading from Derby to Braffngton, at, or near to, a place called The Crofs in the Hand, on Rutland JVard\ and alfo the road from the laid Moot Hall to another turnpike road leading from the Crofs Poft on IVrikfworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a place called The Steeple Houfe, in the townlhip of Wirkfivortb afore-faid, all in the county of Derby.

Cap. 153. For repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and alfo the road from Stafford to Uttoxeier, all in the county of Stafford; and alfo the road from Stafford to Newport, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 154. For continuing the term, and varying the powers, of an a61 of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, for amending, ividening, and altering the road from Crickhowel!, in the county of Brecon, to the Crofs Hands beyond New Inn, in the turnpike road bet-week the city of Hereford and Rofs, and other roads therein deferibed, with refpecl to certain parts of the roads comprized in the faid act.

Cap. 155. For continuing the terms, and altering, enlarging, and confolidating, the powers of two a<fts of parliament, palled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the fevenreenth year of the rc ign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads and ftreets in and near the town of Brcwton, in the county of Somerfet, therein deferibed ; and alfo for repairing, widening, and altering feveral other roads in the counties of Somerfet and Wilts.

Cap. 156. To continue the terms of two feveral a&s, palled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majeftv King George the Second, and in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and ividening the road leading from GodmanchePcer, in the county of Huntingdon, through Fenftan-ton and Cambridge, to the firft rubbing houfe on Newmarket Heath, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 157. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two aefts, palled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from a gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the fouth-eaft fide of the town of Hedon, in the eaft riding of the county of Yorky through the faid town, to Hull north bridge; and for amending the road from the prefent turnpike bar in fVyton Holmes, through the townfhips oI IVyton and Sproatley, to the guide poft in Flint-on Lane, near Humbleton Moor Houfe, in the lame liding.

Cap. 158. For explaining, amending, and rendering more effeftual, ail a6I, palled in the twenty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing certain roads in the county of Perth,

b 3	and

ATABLE of the STATUTE S.

and for making and repairing the road from Crieff towards Stirling and Alloa9 and other roads in the faid county.

Cap. 159. For repairing and widening the road from Selby Ferry in the parifh of Hemmingbrough, to the town of Market Weigh-ton, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

Cap, 160. For completing, repairing, and maintaining, the road leading from the city of Glafgoiv to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the high road leading from the city of Glafgow -to GarJcube’ Bridge, by Dobbins Loan, in the county of Lanark.

Cap. 161. For continuing the term, and altering, enlarging, and confolidating the powers of two acfts of parliament, patted in the twenty-firft: and twenty-feventh years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the high road from Piercebridge to Kirk Merrington, in the county Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the fame county.

Cap. 162. For amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from the north end of Marjh Lane, in AJbford, in the county.of Kent, to the end of the parifh of Orlejtone, near Stock bridge, in Romney Marfh, in the faid county.

Cap. 163. For enlarging the terms and powers of two acts of the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the ninth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, for repairing the high roads from Dunglafs Bridge, to the town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenfnaugh Burn, in the county of Haddington; and for making, amending, altering, widening, and keeping in repair, certain branches of the faid roads, within the faid county.

Cap. 164. To enlarge the term and powers of an a£f, made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the more effectual repairings widening, and amending the road from a place called Earl’s Kill, in Warrington, to the toll bars in Wall-gate, in Wigan, both in the county 0/Lancafter.

Cap. 165. For making, amending, diverting, and widening the roads leading from Weft Harptry to the Bath and Wells turnpike road at Markfburys and from Stowey to Chew Magna, and from Weft Harptry to the Bath turnpike road at Emborow, and from Weft Harptry to Forecrofs, in the parifh of Chur chill, and from Weft Harptry to the Blue Bowl inn in Compton Martins and from Berrington to the town of Wring toils and from the nine elms, at North Widcombes to Coleys in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 166. For making and maintaining a commodious carriage road from the town of Bawtrys to the town of Selby, in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 167. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from JVomborne to Prince's End; and from Gofpel End to the village of Over Pewis and from thence to the turnpike road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge; and from Chill’s Grave to or near Prince’s End\ and from Can Lane to the town of Bilfton, in the county of Stafford\

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cap. 168. For enlarging the term and powers of an atff, paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the end of the prefe?it turn-pike road from Beffelfleigh to Hungerford, in the county of Berks, to Leckford otherwife Soufley Warer, in the county of Wilrs.

Cap. 169. To enlarge the term and powers of two ads, of the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and amending the feveral roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

Cap. 170. For repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the road from Ardwick Green, near Manchefer, in the county of Lancafer, to the new bridge at the corn mills at Wilmflow, in the county of Chefer.

Cap. 171. For repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the road from Hurdlow Houfe, through Buxton, in the county of Derby, and Stockport, in the county of Chefery to Manchefer, in the county of Lancafer; and alio the road from Hernefone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in le Frith, all in the fa id county of Derby, to the hit mentioned road ar fVbaleyy in the faid county of Chefer.

Cap. 172. For continuing the term, and altering and en-larging the powers, of two feveral a6ls made in the twenty-ninth year of his late majefty King George- the Second, and twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Shreivfury to P ref on Brockhurf, to Shave bury, and to Shreyhill, and other roads in the county of Salop ; and for repairing the road leading from the turnpike road from Shrewf bury to Ellefnere, through Harkfcott, Uftngton, and Berwick, to Atcharn, in the faid county.

Cap* 173. For amending, widening, fhortening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from IVren s Croft, in the town of Maidfone, in the county of ZM/, through the weft or lower Harrietjham Street,'by Harrietf am Church, and through LenhafH and Charing to Barrow Hi If in Afford, in the faid county.

Cap. 174. For enlarging the term and powers of an a6l, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, ^ aft j or repairing feveral roach leading into the city ofGlafgow; and of another a61, palled in the twenty-feventh yearof the reign of his faid late Majeftv, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the faid a61; and of another a6t paffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for enlarging the term and powers of two a6ts, made in the twenty-fixth and twenty-feventh years of the reign of his late majefty King G*W£*the Second, for repairing feveral roads leading into the city of Glafgoiv, fo far as the fame relate to the road leading from the faid city of Glafgowy through Cowcaddensy to that part of the water of Kelvin, called The Mdnford of Gar/cube.

Cap. 175. For more effedlually amending, and keeping in repair, the road fron> the city of lPorcfcrr through Droiiwuhx

b 4	to

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

to Spadejbourne Bridge, within the parifh of Broomfgrove, in the county of Worcefer ; and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 176. For enlarging the term and powers of an a£t, paired in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An at1 to continue and render more effectual two abls, pajjed in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firft, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefly, for repairing the road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the county of Leicefter; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road branching out of the aforefaid road at a place cal led Filling Gate, to a road called The Fofs Road; and from thence to the turnpike road leading from Melton Mowbray to the guide poft in Saint Margaret’s Field, Leicefler.

Cap. 177. For repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the road from Heage, in the county of Derby, through helper, to Ditffield, in the laid county.

Cap. 178. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<ft, pafTed in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An add for repairing and widening the road from the forty-eighth mile /tone, in the parifh of Cardington, in the prefent turnpike road between Hitch in and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a road from thence to the great northern road, near Temsford Bridge, in the county 0/ Bedford.

Cap. 179. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of parliament, of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the town 0/" Wakefield to the town of Abberford, in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 180. For amending, widening, and repairing the road from Clay Hill, in the turnpike road between Neat Enjlone and Chipping Norton, in the county of Oxford, over Hey ford Bridge, to the Water Lane, in the town of Bicefer, in the laid county, and from Bicefer aforefaid to the turnpike road in Weflon on the Green, in the faid county.

Cap. 181. For more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, certain roads leading to and from the towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigdn, and to certain places called The Broad Oak in Worflty, and Duxbury Stocks, and alfo the road from a place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Jgecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawfon Lane End; and alfo from Age croft Bridge, over Kerf al Moor, to Single-ton Brook, all in the county palatine of Lancafler.

Cap. 182. For repairing and widening the road from Odiham to Alton, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 183. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<ft, paffed in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual fo much of three atls of parliament, for repairing the roads from Seven Oaks, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping’s Crofs, to Lamberhurft Pound and Pullen’s Hill, in the county of Kent, and to FlimwelJ Vent, in the county of Suffex, as relates to the

road

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

road leading from Seven Oaks Common to Woodfgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping’s Crofs, in the /aid county of Kent; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodfgate aforefaid.

Cap, 184 For reviving, continuing, and amending an a el, palled in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Peniftone Bridge, in the county of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby y and the roads fever ally leading from Bamford Woodgate over Yorkshire Bridge, to the guide pojl on Thornhill Moor, to or near the eighth mileJlone on Hatherfage Moor, and to the village of Darwent, in the faid county of Derby.

Cap. 185. For repairing and widening that part of the road, leading from Kelfo towards the town of Selkirk, which lies to the eaftward of the turnpike road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which croiTes the river Tiviot, near to the town of Kelfo, and the road leading from Kelfo towards Coldjlream, to the place where it joins the turnpike road leading from Greenlaw to Cold-fir earn, and from Kelfo, through Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the parifh of Eccles, in the county of Berwick, and from the ford at Newton Mill, through Ednam, to Edenfooty and from Kelfo to Cornhill, in the county of Durham.



PRIVATE ACTS.

I. A N ad to enable Richard John ft one Vanden Bempde elquire, (lately called Richard Bempde Johnftone), and the heirs male of his body, to take the furname, and bear the arms, of Vanden Bempde only, purfuant to the will of John Vanden Bempde efquire, deceafed.

2.	An ad for naturalizing Peter Peterfon Hanfen and Otto Hinrick Hanfen.

3.	An ad for naturalizing John William Fifher.

4.	An ad for vefting certain eftates of Robert Ladbroke efquire, in the counties of Warioick and Northampton, in truftees, to be fold, and for layingout the monies toarife thereby in the purchafe of other manors, lands, and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes as the faid fettled eftates now ftand limited,

5.	An ad for naturalizing John James Vallotton.

6.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Rifely, in the county of Bedford.

7.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common, or parcel of wafte land, called Dunjley Moor/ within the townfhip of Neivbolm cum Dunfey, in the parifh of Whitby, in the north riding of the county of York.

8.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields and heath, common pafture, and wafte lands in the pa* riih of Dunjlon, in the county of Lincoln9

9. An

 

A TABLE of the ST A T U TES.

9.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open parts of the common fields, commons, and wafte grounds, within the town-fhips or hamlets of South Milforth and Lumhy, in the parifh of Sherblirn, in the weft riding of tile county of York.

10.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds in the parifh of Wadetihoe, in the county of Northampton,

11.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, ings, commons, and wafte grounds, within the town-fhips or gravefnips of Wakefield, Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Alver-thorpe, and Thornes, in the parifh of Wakefield, in the weft riding of the county of York,

12.	An ad for the better ordering and regulating the manner of feeding, ufing, cultivating, and enjoying feveral common-able and wafte grounds, lying in Chatteris, in the Ifie of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, and for obliging the occupiers of certain parts of the faid grounds to fence the fame, and for holding, in feveralty, for ever, certain parts or lots, being part of the faid grounds, called The Acre Fen> and Little Ferry Bur-roivs, in the faid parifh of Chatteris.

13.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, a certain moor or common within the manor of Milton, in the parilh of Kewfioke, in the county of Somerfet,

14.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, ings, marfhes, and common paftures, and other common and wafte lands and grounds, within the iordfhip of Bar-ton upon Humber, in the county of Lincoln.

75.	An ad for dividingand inclofing the open common fields, meadows, and paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the liberties of Granby and Sutton, in the pa^ rifh of Granby and Sutton, in the county of Nottingham,

16.	An ad to diiTolve the marriage of Alexander Stewart ef-* quire, with Elizabeth Leigh3 his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

17.	An ad to enable John Butcher elquire, and his iftue, to ufe the firname and arms of Rodbard, purftiant to the will of Henry Rodbard efquire.

18.	An ad for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumergue and Charles John Joli Dumergue.

19.	An ad for naturalizing Peter Leivis Robin,

20.	An ad for naturalizing Francois Moore, Philip Colombo Louys Gruaz, and John Amick,

21.	An ad for naturalizing Henry EngelL

22.	An ad for eftablifhing and confirming certain articles of agreement entered into between the duke of Marlborough and Lincoln college, Oxford.

23.	An ad for vefting the navigation of the river Avon, in the counties of Warwick, Worcejler, and Glouce/lery and certain other eftates in the counties of Worcefter and Warwick, late the property of George Perrolt efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, and the monies arifing thereby to be applied in the pur-

chafe

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

chafe of other eftates to be fettled to the fame ufes as thofe directed to be fold by this a<5t are now fettled.

24.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and Inclofing, the open fields, meadows, paftures, and commonable heath grounds, within the parifh of Normanton, in the county of Rutland.

25.	An adt for dividing and inclofing certain commons or wafte lands within the townfhips of Moretcn and Wilbrigkton, otherwife Wilbertony in the parifh of Gnofall, in the county of Stafford.

26.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, common fens, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, in the feveral parifhes of Covenham Saint Bartholomew and Covenham Saint Mary, in the county of Lincoln.

27.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commons, wafte, and other commonable lands or grounds, within the liberties and precindts of Stoke Lyne and Fewcotty in the parifh of Stoke Lyne, in the county of Oxford.

28.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor, townfhip, liberty, and precincts of Little Barford otherwife Bafford Saint John, in the parifh of Adderbury, in the county of Oxford.

29.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor and parifh of Dun-flew, in the county of Oxford.

30.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the old whole year lands, common fields, half year lands, Lammas meadows, heaths, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Marhamy in the county of Norfolk.

31.	An adt for dividing, inclofing, and allotting, certain moors, commons, or wafte lands, lying and being within the out parifh of SaintCuthberty in Wells, in the county of Somerfei. ,

32.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Cafllc-thorpey in the county of Buckingham.

\ 33, An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain open ahd common fields, half year lands, commons, common.ible lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifhes of Stiffkey and Morffony in the county of Norfolky and for extinguifiling all rights of common, fheep walk, and fhackage, in, over, and upon, all the lands and grounds within the faid parifhes.

34.	An adt to difiolve the marriage of John Street gentleman, with Lucy Duncnmby his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

35.	An adbfor naturalizing John Anthony Wifsy and John Ifaac Charretie.

36.	An adt for naturalizing Emanuel Muller and John Rapp9

37.	An adt for naturalizing Peter Benezecb.

38.	An adt for naruralizing William Herfcheh

39.	An.adt for naturalizing Garden Anderjon.

40.	An

~  

A T ABLE of the STATUTES.

40.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common or wade ground called Light woody within the towrilhip of Normacotty in the parifh of Stoney in the county of Stafford*

41.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields and meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Milton Bryant, in the county of Bedford.

42.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common field?, common paftures, and other commonable and wafte lands, in the parifh of Greethaniy in the county of Lincoln.

43.	An adt for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields, downs, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Durnfordy in the county of Wilts.

44.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, five open common fields, commonly called ShiffnalTown Fieldy otherwife Pool Fieldy otherwife Drayton Fieldy the Wyke Fieldy the Church Field, otherwife Haughton Fieldy Naught on Middle Fieldy other-wife Patnal Fieldy and the Upper Field otherwife Nedge Fieldy in the parifh of Idfal otherwife Shiffnaly in the county of Salop*

45.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common arable, meadow, ley pafture, and wafte lands, lying and being within the townfhip of Burcefler-King s-End otherwife Bicejler-Ring’s-Endy in the parifh of Burcefler otherwife Bicejler, in the county of Oxford.

46.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, common meadows, common paftures, downs, wafte grounds, and commonable places, within the hamlet of AJion Upthorpe, in the parifh of Blewburyy in the county of Berks•

47.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, in the lordfhip of Kir ton in Lindfeyy in the county of Lincoln.

48.	An adt for vefting the fettled eftates of Francis Glanville efquire, in the county of Wiltsy in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

49.	An adt to difunite the redtories of Gimingham and Trunchy in the county of Norfclky and diocefe of Norwich.

50.	An adt to empower William Churchill Dickenfon efquire, to grant buildingleafes, renewable leafes, and make conveyances in fee, of and upon all or any part of the eftates at Chorhon Rowy devifed by the will of John Dickenfon efquire, deceafed, fituate near the town of Mancheflery in the county palatine of Lancafler.

51.	An adt to enable John Gartfide efquire, to grant and convey the inheritance, in fee fimple, for building upon referving rents, or to make building leafes, of any part of his fettled eftate in Little Bolton, in the county of Lancafler.

52.	An adt to enable Mary Greene widow, and James Greene efquire her fon, and the furvivor of them, to grant and convey in fee farm, for the purpofes of building, or to make building

leafes.

 

A T A B L E of the STATUTES.

leafes, for any term of years, of meffuages and lands at Droylff den, Failfvjortb, and 1Newton, in the county of Lancafter.

53.	An ad to enable the lord bifhop of Ely to fell the caflle of Wifbech Saint Peter's, in the IJle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, and the gardens 3nd appurtenances thereunto belonging, and for applying the money to arife from fuch faJe in manner therein mentioned.

54.	An ad for vefting the inheritance in fee fimple of part of the fettled eftates of John Newnham efquire, in John Frayton Fuller efquire.

55.	An ad for vefting certain eftates in Wiltjlnre, Somerfet-Jhire, and Gloucejlerfbire, in truftees, to the ufes of the will of Jacob Knight efquire, deceafed, in lieu of an eftate in Worcefter-foire, limited to fuch ufes by the faid will, and for vefting the eftate in WorcefierJhire in Warren Ha [lings efquire, in fee fimple.

56.	An ad for enabling the truftees of Henry Smith efquire, deceafed, to accept a grant of a rent charge or clear annual payment orfum of twenty pounds, to be charged upon, and paid and payable at Michaelmas in every year by, and out of, a mef-fuage, farm, and lands, of the right honourable Jeffery lord Am-hcrjl, in the parifh of Horley, in the county of Surrey, in exchange for feveral pieces or parcels of land fituate, lying, and being in Sevenoaks, in the county of Kent, inclofed from the wafte of the manors of Sevenoaks and Knoivle> or one of them, and to convey the faid feveral pieces or parcels of land to the faid Jeffery lord Amherfl, and his heirs accordingly.

57.	An ad for enabling the dean and chapter of Canterbury to grant building leafes to Mr. Francis Hurlbatt.

58.	An ad to enable John Trafford efquire, and other persons after his death, to grant leafes of the eftates devifed by the will of the late Humphrey Trafford efquire, fituate in the counties of Lancafter and Chefer, for building, and alfo to grant leafes of certain wafte mofs lands in the faid counties, other parts of the faid devifed eftates.

59.	An ad for fale of a leafehold eftate, late of John Black-burne efquire, deceafed, and of a freehold and leafehold eftate, late of Richard Kent efquire, deceafed, and for the application of the refpedive purchafe monies.

60.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields and common or commonable meadows, paftures, lands, and grounds, and common or wafte land, in the parifh of Shot-tefwell, in the county of Warwick.

61.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and wafte grounds within the manor or town (hip of Armley, in the parifh of Leeds, in the weft riding of the county of York.

62.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing a certain common moor, or trad of wafte ground, called Thorngrafton Common, and alfo certain common fields or dales and pieces of land, within the townlhip of Thorngrafton, all within the barony or manor of Wark, and in the parifti of HaltwhiJUey in the county of Northumberland\

63,	An  

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

63.	An aft for dividing, allotting, arid inclofmg, a certain common moor, or traft, of wafte ground, called Langley South Common, within the barony or manor of Langley, and in the pari(h of War den, in the county of Northumberland.

64.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofmg, a certain common moor, or traft of wade ground, called Grindon Common, within the barony or manor of Langley, and in the parifh of Warden, in the county of Northumberland,

65.	An aft for dividing and inclofmg the open arable fields* and other uninclofed lands, within the manor or manors of All'mgton, in the county of Lincoln.

66.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, downs, common paftures, and other commonable places, within the manor and parifh of Aldfworth, in the county of Gloucejler.

67.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields, paftures, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townfhips of Orjlon and Thoroton, in the parifh of Orjlon, in the county of Nottingham.

68.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, wafte and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Maifemore, in the county of Gloucejler (except a certain meadow called Maifemore Ham), and for rendering all the lands and tenements within the laid parifh wholly exempt and difcbarged from tythe, and all modus and compofition for tythe, by allotting lands in lieu thereof.

69.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the feveral commons, heaths, and marfh and wafte lands, within the manor of Cob-ham otherwife Covebam, in the parifh of Cobham, in the county of Surrey.

70.	An aft: for dividing and inclofing part of the moors and waftes within the manor of Mafham and Majhamfbire, in the north riding of the county of York.

71.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain commons or wafte lands within the town, manor, or lordfhip of Weaver ham, in the county of Chejler.

72 An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within the hamlet and liberties of Little Tew, in the county of Oxford.

73.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commonable fait marfhes, droves, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Moulton, in the county of Lincoln.

74.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within the hamlet and liberties of Milcomb, in the county of Oxford.

75.	An aft to diffolve the marriage of Richard Martin efquire, with Elizabeth Vefey, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

76.	An aft for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zernitz•

77.	An aft for naturalizing David Berguer\

78.	An

 

ATABLE of the STATUTES.

78.	An a6f for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb Boccius.

79.	An a6l for impowering the committees, or committee, for the time being, of the eftate of the moft noble Anna Eliza duchefs of Cbandos, a lunatic, to make leafes of her eftate during her lunacy, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

80.	An a61 for confirming and rendering effectual a partition and divifion between William Thomas Darby efquire, and Saint Andrew Saint John efquire, of divers manors, lands, and hereditaments (heretofore the eftate of Richard Jackfon efquire, de-ceafed) in the feveral counties of Norfolk, Effex, Surrey, Middle f ex ^ and the city of London, and for limiting and fettling the fpecifick parts thereof, which, upon fuch partition and divifion, were allotted to each of them, to the feveral ufes therein mentioned.

81.	An a6t to enable fir Henry Bridgeman baronet, and, after his death, other perfons, to grant building leafes of his'fettled eftates at or near Bolton in Lee Moores, in the county of Lancajler, for long terms of years.

82. An a6t to enable James Lever, of Hindley, in the county of Lancajler efquire, to make grants in fee, and alfo to grant building leafes of certain eftates in the townfhip of Bolton le Moors, in the faid county.

83.	An a6t for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, and paftures, within the pari th of Willoughby on the Woulds, in the county of Nottingham.

84.	An a61 for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, meadows, and commonable grounds, in the parifh. or lord (hip of Jfueneborougb, in the county of Leicejler.

85.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the feveral open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the hamlet of Taddington and Prieflcliff.\ in the pariih of Blakewell> and county of Derby.

86.	An a6t to diffolve the marriage of Edward Brown efquire, with Sufannah Sulky, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

87.	An a61 to difibive the marriage of the reverend Caherley John Bewicke clerk, with Mary Elizabeth otherwife Mary Elisha Vaughan his now wife, and,to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

88.	An a6t for enabling Richard William Howard Vyfe, an infant truftee, to join in making an exchange of part of the eftate of the moft noble Charles duke of Norfolk with Francis Ferr and Foljambe efquire.

89.	An a61 for dividing, inclofing, ftinting, regulating, and otherwife improving, certain lands and grounds in the pariih of Brotherton, in the weft riding of the county of York.

90.	An a6t for dividing and inclofing certain commons and wafte lands, within the manor and liberty of Swindon, in the pariih of Womborne, in the county of Stafford.

91.	An 261 for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds and ings, or meadow grounds, within the townlhip of Knottingleyi in the weft riding of the county of York.

e	92.	An

 

A T ABLE of the ST ATUTES.

92.	An aft for dividing;, allotting, and inclofing certain common and wade lands, in the pari(hes of Llanferrer, in the county of Denbigh, and Rilkcn, in the county of Flint.

93.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain commons and wafte lands, within the town and lordfhip of Frodjham^ and the townfhip of Heljby, in the parilh of Frodjham, in the county of Chefter.

94.	An aft for naturalizing Bartholomew Voile.

95.	An aft for effeftuating an exchange between the dean and chapter of Lincoln and Richard Eltifon efquire.

96.	An aft to enable Sarah Heaton widow, mother and guardian of John Heaton a minor, to grant building Ieafes, during his minority, of ground in the parilh of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlefex,

97.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, lands, paftures, and waftes, within the townfhip of Specton, in the parifh of Bridlington, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

98.	An aft for dividing, inclofing, and improving, the open fields, meadows, paftures, and waftes, within the townfhip of Southburn, in the parifh of Kirkburny in the eaft: riding of the county of York,

99.	An aft for dividing and inclofing a certain moor or common called Thirjk Wejl Moory and Calton and Sandhutton commons, in the parilh of Thirjk, in the north riding of the county of 1 'orky and feveral parcels of moor or common land, being part of Bagby High Moor, lying within the feveral townfhips of Thirfky Bagby, and Balky in the faid riding.

joo. An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, common paftures, and other commonable and wafte lands and grounds, in the parifh of Slaivjlony in the county of Leicester.

101.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, and a certain moor or common called Thornborough Moor9 within the parifh of Weft Tanfieldy in the north riding of the county of York.

102.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and unin-clofed fields, and arable, meadow, and pafture lands, paftures, and waftes, within the townfhip of Skidbyy in the parifh of Skidby, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

103.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, and carrs, within the feveral townfhips of Holly m and l¥ilhernfeay in the parifh of Hollym, in the eaft riding of the county of Yorky and for making a compenfation in lieu of the tythes thereof, and alfo of the tythes of the ancient inclofed lands in the faid townlhips.

104.	An acl for naturalizing Gotlieb Augujlue Treijer.

END of the TABLE,

THE

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES-

PRIVATE ACTS.

I	• A Nad for naturalizing Martin Walther Perfent.

2.	An a61 for naturalizing Augujius William Bodecker.

3* An aft for inclofing and otherwile improving certain lands and grounds within the lord flit p and townfhip of IVarter, in the call riding of the county of York.

4* An aft for naturalizing Gerard Hallman and William Rudolf.

5.	An aft for naturalizing Elias Heintz.

6.	An aft for naturalizing George Benjoin.

7.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wade grounds, within the parifh of Shelton, in the county of Bedford.

8.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the whole year lands, half year or (hack lands, commons, and wade grounds, within the parifh of Little Dunham, in the county of Norfolk.

9.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain moors, commons, and wade lands, lying and being within the parifhes of Chappie Allerton, Biddijham, and Wear* in the county of Somerfet.

10.	An a6l for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain common fields, downs, and commonable lands, in the manor and parifh 0i Shilton, in the county of Berks.

11.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and wade grounds, within the .manor or townfhip of Clayton-le-Moors> within the parifh of Whalley, in the hundred of Blackburn, in the county palatine of Lancojler.

12.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain moors, commons, and wade lands, lying and being in the parifhes of Pilton and North JVottcn, in the county of Somerfet.

13.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, common downs, commons, marfhes, and wade lands, within the manors of Preflcn and Sutton Pointz, in the county oi Dorfet $ and for extinguifhing all right of common upon certain inclofed lands within the faid manors.

14.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Little Compton, in the county of Gloucefter.

15.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain moors, commons, or wade lands, called Little Mark Moor and Summer Leaze, and all the other open, common, or wafte 'lands, in the manor of Eafi Mark, within the parifh of Murky in the county of Somerfet.

16.	An aft for naturalizing John Bergne.

37.	An aft for naturalizing Daniel Tolkien.

18.	An aft for naturalizing Chrifiopher Brurfivick.

19.	An aft for naturalizing Hieronimus Heinrich Zobdl, commonly called Hieronimus Henry Zobell.

Vol. XXXIX.	b	20.	An

Hosted by GOO^C

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

20.	An aft for naturalizing James Maze.

21.	An aft for vetting the eftate at Little IVoodboufe, in the county of York, devifed by the will of Jeremiah Harrifon gentleman, deceafed, in truftees, to fell the fame, and apply the money to arife by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands or hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

22.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and watte grounds, in Winw'uk, in the counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

23.	An aft for naturalizing Peter Rilliet.

24.	An aft for effeftuating an exchange between the dean and canons of Windfor and Thomas Stoner efquire.

25.	An aft for vetting the fettled eftate of Thomas JValfmgham Wejlern clerk, in the county of Sujfex, in him and his heirs, and for fettling an eftate of greater value in the county of FJJex in lieu thereof, and in exchange for the fame.

26.	An aft for vetting the eftates devifed by the will of James Peachey efquire, in the county of Hereford, in truftees, to fell or exchange the fame, and for laying out the money, arifing by fuch fale or exchange, in the purchafe of other hereditaments, to be 'fettled to the ufes of the laid will.

27.	An aft for amending an aft, palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An at7 jor eflablijhing and regulating a charity, called Foxley Charity, in the county of Northampton, founded by lady Katherine Levefon.

28.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, common meadows, and paftures, commonable and watte lands, within the manor and parifh of Longboroitgb, in the county of Gloucefer.

29.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common fields, half year lands, lammas meadows, heaths, fen lands, commons, and watte lands, within the parifh of Tuddenham, in the county

of Suffolk.

30.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain open and common fields, meadows, common paftures, commonable heath grounds, and watte lands, within the manor or lordfhip, and parifh, of Empingham, in the county of Rutland.

31.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, a traft of

common or watte land, part of the foreft of Mendip, lying within the manor and parifh of Eajl Harptry, in the county of Somerfet.	*

32.	An aft for dividing and allotting the open arfd common fields, open downs, common meadows, common paftures, and watte lands, within the feveral manors of Keevil, Idmaflon, Fit* tleton, and Chifenbury de la Folly, in the county of Wilts.

33.	An aft for dividing, inclofing, and allotting, certain moors, commons, or watte lands, lying and being within the manor and parifh of Eajl Brent, in the county of Somerfet.

>	34. An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common

fields, common downs, watte lands, and other commonable places, within the parifh of Ejuarley, in the county of Southampton.

35- An

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

35.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain open and common arable fields, and a common meadow, within the manor and parifh of Tintinbull, in the county of Somerfet.

36.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain open and common town fields, within the manor and townfhip of Crawcrook, in the parifh of Ryton, in the county palatine of Durham.

37.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, common paftures, and common grounds, within the lordfhip of liberty of Difeworth, in the county of Leicefer.

38.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open common fields, commons, and wafie grounds, within the town-lhip of Hoy land, in the parifh of JVath upon Dern, in the welt riding of the county of York.

39.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain moors, commons, or trafts of wafie land, within the parilh and manor of Chefter, in the county palatine of Durham.

40.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, pafiures, commonable lands, and wafie grounds, within the parifhes of Long Bennington and Fojlon, in the county of Lincoln.

41.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons or wafie lands, called Claife Heights, or Claife Commons, except a certain plot of land, called The Heald, within the townfhip or divifion of Claife, in the parifh of Hawkjhead, in the county palatine of Lancojler.

42.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral open and common fields, common meadows, a ftinted pafiure, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Eajl Cam ell, other wife Jpueen Cam ell, in the county of Somerfet.

43.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, common meadows, and wafie lands and grounds, within the manor and parifh of Wendoyer, in the county of Buckingham.

44; An aft for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, ings, moors, commons, and wafie grounds, within the town-Ibip of Skelton, in the canon, fee, manor, and parifh of Rip on, in the weft riding of the county of York.

45.	An aft to enable fir George Augujlus William Shuckburgh baronet, to take, ufe, and bear, the furname and arms of Evelyn.

46.	An aft to enable Mary Webjler widow, and others, to grant building and repairing leafes of the eftates devifed to them by Edward Webjler efquire, in the parifh of Saint John Southwark, in the county of Surrey.

47.	An aft for dividing, inclofing, draining, and improving, the open fields, ings, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor and parifh of Old Malt on, in the north riding of the county of York.

48.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands, in the parifh of Bur ford, in the county of Oxford.

49.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and (Common fields, can* lands, furze leas, \vafte lands, and other

b 2	lands.

A T ABLE of the-STATUTES.

knds, in the parilhes of Saint Mary South Kelfey, and Saint Nicholas South Kelfey, within the manor or lordfhip of South Kelfey, in the county of Lincoln, and for extinguifhing all rights of common and fheep walks in and over the lame.

50.	An a6l for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclofing, the whole year lands, open field lands, commonable inarlhes, commons, and wafie lands, within the parilh of Thornham, in the county of Norfolk.

51.	An a6t for dividing and inclofing the open fields, paftures, commons, and wades, within the townfhip of Tibthorpe, in the parilh of Kirkbourn, in the eaft: riding of the county of York, and for making a compenfation in iieu of the tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclofed lands in the fame townfhip.

52.	An a cl lor dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open and common fields and downs, commonable meadows, and other open and commonable lands and grounds, within the feveral tythings of Roundivay, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bifoop’s Cannings, and in the parilh of Mar den, in the county of Wilts.

53> An acl for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, and paftures or commons, within the townlhip ot V/alkington, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

54.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parilh of Broughton, in the county of Huntingdon.

55.	An a6t to enable Thomas Brereton efquire, and Mary his wife, and her firfb and'other ions and their iffue male, and her daughter, if (he fhall have only one, and the iffue of fuch daughter, to take, ufe, and bear, the name and arms of Weflfaling, purfuant to the will of Herbert JVeJlfaling efquire, deceafed.

56.	An a£t to confirm and eftablifh an award made between the right reverend father in God Spencer lord bifhop of Peterborough, and the coheirs of William /Jjh efquire deceafed, and other persons entitled to, and interefted in, the feveral freehold, leasehold, and copyhold eftates, late of the faid William AJh, fituate and being in Fajlon, Gunthorpe, and Peterborough, in the county cf Northampton, (tlie leafehoid parts whereof are parts of the pofieffions of or belonging to the fee of Peterborough, and the copyhold parts thereof are held of manors alfo belonging to the fame fee) in order to divide, afeertain, and determine, the re-fpebrive parts of the faid eftates, and the boundaries thereof, and diftinguilh the leafehoid and copyhold from the freehold parts of of the fame eftates, late of the faid William Afb deceafed.

57.	An a61 to carry into execution certain articles of agreement entered into between Chrijhpher, late lord bifhop of Bnflol, and mdlieurs Benjamin Gott and Harry Wormaid, and alio to enable the devifees in the will of the laid late lord bilhop to renew building leafes of parts of his eftate, in the parifh of Leedsy in the county of York, in performance of covenants contained in luch leafes, and to grant building leafes of other parts of the fame eftate, with like covenants for renewal.

■58. An abt for veiling part of the fettled eftate of William

Willfon

Hosted by 30gle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tFillfon efquire, and Bridget his wife, in truftees, to be conveyed to John Lambton efquire, on payment of the fum of three thou-fand one hundred and forty-two pounds feventeen (hillings and two-pence, and for laying out the fame fum in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

59.	An a£t for allowing timber to be cut upon certain eftates fettled by the will of Bernard Brocas efquire, and for applying and laying out the money to arife therefrom in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

60.	An act to empower the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, governors of Emanuel Hof pit ah, in or near Wejl-minfler, to extend and increafe the objedls of that charity.

61.	An adt for empowering truftees to convey to fir Jofeph Banks baronet, a part of the fettled eftates of Elijba Bifcoe efquire, purfuant to his contradf for the purchafe thereof, and to fell or exchange other parts of the faid fettled eftates, and to Jay out the money arifing from the fales in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled, as well as thole taken in exchange, to the ufes of the eftates that fhall be fo fold or exchanged.

62.	An acf for eftabliihing and confirming certain articles of agreement for an exchange between the principal and fcholars of the King’s Hall and college of Brazen Nofe, in Oxford, and Edward Love den Loveden, of Byfcot Park, in- the county of Berks efquire.

63.	An adl to enable truftees to fell and difpofe of certain kafehold mefiiiages and premifes, fituate in the parilh of Saint Ann IPeftminfter, devifed by the will of Lumley Arnold efquire, deceafed, and for laying out the monies to arife thereby in the purchafe of freehold lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, as nearly as may be, upon the fame trufts as by the faid will are declared of and concerning the faid lealehold premifes.

64.	An act to enable Saint Andrew Saint John efquire, and, after his death, other perfons, to grant leafes of his eftate in the parifh of Saint John Wapping, in the county of Middlefex.

65.	An a eft for uniting the rectory and parilh church of Saint 1Nicholas South KelJ'ey, in the county of Lincoln, with the adjoining redlory and parilh church of Saint Mary South Kelfey, from and after the next avoidance of either benefice.

66.	An adl to enable the truftees of certain lands in Mancbef-ter, in the county of Lancafter, called Mayes Charity Lands, to convey in fee or grant leafes under referved yearly rents.

67.	An act for veiling part of the fettled eftates of fir John Honywood baronet, in truftees, to be fold or exchanged, and for applying part of the money arifing by fale in difcharging mortgages on other parts of the fettled eftates, and for laying out the refidue in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

68.	An a£t to diffolve the marriage of Bernard Edward Howard efquire, with the right honourable lady Elizabeth Belafyfe, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned,

69.	An  

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

69.	An aft for dividing and inclofmg the open and uninelofecl fields, arable, meadow, and pafture lands, commons, or wade grounds, within the feveral townfhips of Elloughton^ Brought and JValdbyy in the parifh of Eliottgb ton, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

70.	An aft for confirming and eftablifiling the divifion, allotment, and inclofure, of certain open or common fields and common field lands, and a common lot mead, within the manors and parifhes of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury, in the county of Gloucejler.

71.	An aft for dividing and allotting the feveral open common fields, commons, downs, waftes, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Compton^ otherwife Compton Beau* champ, in the county of Berks.

72.	An aft for dividing and allotting the open and uninclofed fields, downs, commons, and other open and commonable lands and grounds, within the manor of Houghton, in the parifh of Houghton, in the county of Southampton.

73.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons or moors and wafte grounds, within the townfhips of Felijkirk and Sutton u^der Whitflonclijfe, in the parifh of Felijkirk, in the north riding of the county of York.

74.	An aft for dividing and allotting the open, uninclofed, pnd commonable lands and grounds, within the manor of TaL pudle, in the county of Dor Jet.

75.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, and common paftures, within the feveral manors or diftrifts of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the pari fit of Lamport, in the county of Northampton.

76.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields and meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh. of Akely cum Stockholty in the county of Buckingham.

77.	An aft to divide, improve, allot, and inclofe, the open fields, meadows, commons, heath grounds, and other open and uninclofed lands, in the parifh of Skillington, in the county of Lincoln, and alfo certain parts of a common or heath ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the fame.

78.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other com-monable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Arnejby, in the county of Lcicefter.

79.	An aft for dividing, inclofing, and improving, the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor or lordfhip of Belton, in the county of Rutland.

80.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, and paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within Lower Pillar ton, otherwife Nether Pillar ton y otherwife Pillar dingt on, in the county of Warwick.

8r. An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, divers common

A T ABLE of the ST ATUTES.

mon fields, common woods, common downs, and other commonable places, within the manor and parifh of Crawley, in the county of Southampton, and of certain open common fields, common meadows, wafte lands, and other commonable places, within the parifh of Bifihops Sutton, in the faid county.

82.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, wolds, common, and wafte ground, within the parifh of JVolvey, in the county of Warwick.

83.	An aft for allotting and inclofing the fields, moors, and wafte lands, within the hamlet of Martin^ in the parifh of Tim-lerlandj in the county of Lincoln.

84.	An aft to amend an aft, paffed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte lands, within the manor and parifh of Moldy in the county of Flint.

85.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fields, half year lands, lammas meadows, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifhes of Shouldham and Shotddbam Thorpe^ otherwife Garhoife Thorpe, in the county of Norfolk.

86.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the lands and grounds lying and being in a certain open and common field, called Port-field y in the parifh of Newport Pagnefi in the county of Buckingham.

87.	An aft for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and improving, the commons, common meadows, and common fields, in the parifh of Wellingtony in the county of Hereford; and for extin-guifhing the right of common upon certain common meadows within the faid parifh.

88.	An aft for dividing, allotting, draining, and inclofing, the common and wafte grounds, within the manor and townfhip of Tufihingham cum Grindlefy in the parifh of MalpaSy in the county of Che filer.

89.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, fens, commonable and wafte lands, in the parifh of New Sleafordy in the county of Lincoln, and in the hamlet of Holdinghamy within the faid parifh, and in the parifh of §>uGr~ ringtony in the faid county.

90.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commons, wafte, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Southnewirigtony otherwife Southnewtouy in the county of Oxford.

91.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, in the townfhip of Bottcsford and hamlet of Tad-dletlyorpey in the parifh of Bottesfordy in the county of Lincoln.

92.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields and common, in the townfhip of Althorpey in the county of Lincolny and for draining the fame, and certain inclofed lands within the faid townfhip.

93.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures,

and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and other commonable and wafte lands and grounds, in the fe-veral parifhes of Elmore and Brockworth; and alfo for dividing, inclofing, and allotting, a certain open and common field, called Calmfden Fields and other commonable and wafte lands, within the manor of Calmfden, in the parifh of North Cerney, in the county of Gloucefter.

94.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common droves and wafte lands, in the parifh of Fleet, in the county of Lincoln ; and for altering an ad of parliament, paffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for draining, preferving, and improving, certain lands, lying in the fe-veral parifhes of Spaldings (including the hamlets of Cowhit and Peal ill), IVefton, Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwife Button, all in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

95.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, and wafte lands within the common fields, in the parifh of Upton Gray, in the county of Southampton.

96.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, woodlands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townfhip, precinds, or territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the parifh of Market Bofworih, in the county of Leicefer.

97.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral commons and wafte lands, within the manor and parifhiof Sutton in AJhfield, in the county of Nottingham.

98.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Faldingworth, in the county of Lincoln.

99.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral open fields, ings, common and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Rufforthy in the county of the city of York.

100.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields of Barefby and South Croxton, in the county of Leicefer, and the open meadows and paftures, and other parcels of meadow and pafture land and commons, commonable places, and wafte lands, ufed or enjoyed therewith.

101.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, moors, common paftures, and commonable lands and wafte grounds, in the parifh of South JVitham, in the county of Lincoln.

102.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Ilk eft on, in the county of Derby.

103.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, heath, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the lordfhips or liberties of Thornton and Bogzuorth, in the parifh of Thornton, in the county of Leicefer.

104.	An ad for naturalizing John Thuillier.

105.	An ad for impowering the judges of the court of feflion in Scotland to fell fuch parts of the lands and barony of Renton,

u	in

Hosted by CjjOCK^Ic

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the county of Berwick, formerly belonging to fir Alexander Stirling, Jate of Glorat, baronet, now deceafed, and now der fcending to fir John Stirling of Glorat, baronet, bis fon, as may be fufficient to pay off the debts affecting the faid lands and barony.

iob. An acft for effedtuating an exchange between James lord bifhop of Litchfield and Coventry and fir Richard Hill baronet.

107. An act for effecting a fettlement of the freehold and copyhold eftates of dame Harriot the wife of fir John Saunders Sebright baronet, late Harriot Croftes fpinfter, purfuant to articles executed previous to their marriage, notwithftanding the infancy of the faid dame Harriot Sebright,

ig8. An adt to enable Jofeph Robinfon Peafe efquire and Anne his wife, and Robert Copeland Peafe efquire, and the guardians of the children of the faid Jofeph Robinfon Peafe and Robert Copeland Peafe, refpedtively, during their minority, to grant building leafes of certain meffuages, mills, lands, grounds, tenements, and hereditaments, in the town and county of the town of Kingfton upon Hully and in the parifhes of Sculcoates and Dry-pool, in the county of York,

109. An adt to enable the honourable and right reverend James lord bifhop of Elyy and his fucceffors, to grant, by feveral leafes, an eftate in the Ifie of Ely, now held under one leafe.

no. An adt to enable the redtor of the parifh and parifh church of Qapham, in the county of Surrey, for the time being, to grant leafes of the glebe belonging to the faid rectory.

in. An adt to enable Thomas Lane efquire, to grant building, repairing, and improving leafes of eftates, devifed to him by Henry Bofville efquire, deceafed, in the counties of Kent, Ejfexy SuffieXy and Surrey,

112. An act for dividing and inclofing the open fields, paf-tures, commons, and waftes, within the townfhip of Lundy in the parifh of Lundy in the eafl riding of the county otYorky and for making a compenfation in lieu of the tythes thereof, and of the lands already inclofed in the fame townlhip.

11 3. An adtfor dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Corfe^ in the county of Glouceffier.

114, An adt for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker.

END of the TABLE.

THE

 

Vol. XXXIX.

by 

by 

by 

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno	regni GEORG 11 III. , Mag-

nee Britannia-,	Fran, £2? ,

triceftmo	tertio.

AT	the parliament	begun and hoi den at Weft-

rninfter, the twenty fifth day of November,

\Anno Domini 1790, Vi the thirty-fir ft year of the £eign	of our fovereign lord GEORGE the Third,

% the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the	&c.	And	front

thence continued, by	feveral prorogations,to the thir-

teenth day of December 17925 the vffbe	feventeenthparliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An aft to prohibit the circulation of promijfory or other notes, orders, undertakings, or obligations, for the payment of any fum or Jinns of money, or for any other confederation, created and ijfeued under or in the name of any pubiick authority in France.

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent the circulation in this Preamble* kingdom of any prcmijjory or other notes, orders, undertakings, or obligations, being transferor able or negotiable, or purporting to be negotiable by delivery, created and ijfeiedy or purporting tv be created and ijfeued, or vjhich Jhall hereafter be created and ijfeued by or in the

Y* ■	o	y ^ j	j

Jams : and whereas the circulation of the fame may be prejudicial to Vol, XXXIX.	£	manufac*

 

2	Anno	regni	tricesimo	tertio	GeoRGII.	ITT.	c.	i.	[1793.

Pro mi {Tory notes, &c. ifiued under any puhlick authority in France, to be void in any payment.

From Jan. 5,

manufacturers, artificers, labourers, and others,	/Z/jr kingdom ; be

it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fume, That every fuch promifTory or other note, order, undertaking, or obligation as aforefaid, which now is or hereafter Chall be iffued under or in the -name of any publick authority in France, or fhali purport fo to be, fhall be utterly void and of no effect in any payment within this realm, any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithffanding.

I!. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That

793? persons all and every person or persons who, from and after the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, ihall

paying fuch notes to forfeit not more than acl. nor lefs than 5I. for each note.

knowingly utter, publifh, or pay, or caufe to be uttered, pub-lifhed, or paid, any fuch promifTory or other note, order* undertaking, or obligation as aforefaid, and (hall be lawfully convibled thereof by confefiion of the party accufed, or upon the oath or oaths of any one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any juflice of the peace abling in and for the county, divifion, city, town, or place where fuch uttering, publishing, or paying fhall have happened, Shall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, to be levied in manner herein-after mentioned, in refpebl.of each and every fuch promifTory or other note, order, undertaking, or obligation, which Shall be uttered, published, or paid as aforefaid, or which fuch person or persons Shall have caufed to have Application of been fo uttered, published, or paid, whereof, all charges for the forfeitures. recovery of the fame being firft deducled, one moiety Shall be to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of

the pariSh in which fuch offence fhall have been committed : Suchnotesre- provided always, That ,any person who Shall have received in yeived oefore payment, before the fifth day of January one thoufand feven to bVVepaid*’ hundred and ninety-three, any fuch promifTory or other note, on demand by order, undertaking, or obligation as aforefaid. Shall be in titled, the persons on demand and redelivery of the fame to the person from whom the from whom fame was received, to the full fum for which the fame was fo rcca\ea. uttered or paid, in lawful money of Great Britain If persons li- Hh And be it further enabled, That if any perfon, liable to ^a^ment of	Pa3'ment	anY	^ch	promiffory	or other note, order, under-

fuch^notes taking, or obligation. Shall neglebl or refufe to make payment of fhall refufe to the full fum for which the fame was fo uttered or paid, in lawful do fo for 10 money of Great Britain, or fo much thereof as Shall remain due ^Jnda^e*ufe" thereupon, by the fpace of ten days after demand made thereof by tice may’hear the holder of any fuch promifTory or other note, or undertaking the complaint as aforefaid, it Shall and may be lawful for any one or more of of the holdrs, his Majeily’s yuilices of the peace for the county, riding, city, e <^v^Ion‘> or P^ace where the person fo refufing to pay any fuch umwi v.0 is. prom[f]ory or other note, order, or undertaking as aforefaid. Shall or may happen to be or refide; and fuch juflice or juftices Is or are hereby required, upon complaint made by the holder thereof, to Summon' the person again# whom fuch complaint

Shall

 

b?93'] Anno regni tficefimo tertio Georgii III. c. t.	3

(hall be made, and after his or her appearance, or in default thereof, upon due proof Upon oath (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is or -arc hereby authorifed to adminifter) of fuch fum* mons having been made, fuch juftice or juft ices (ball proceed to hear and determine the faid complaint,-and award fuch fum to be paid by the person liable to the payment of fuch promifiory or other note, order, undertaking, or obligation as aforefaid, to the holder thereof, as (Hall appear to fuch juftice. or juftices to be due thereon, together with fuch a fum for cofts, not exceeding the fum of twenty (hillings, as to fuch juftice or juftices (ball feem meet.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Penalties, and the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, hereby incurred and made

payable, (hall be forthwith paid by the person convi&ed; and in be^evieci cafe fuch person (hall refufe or negledl to pay the fame, or in cafe by diftrefs. any person (hall neglect-to pay or fat is fy fuch fum of money as, upon fuch complaint as aforefaid, (ball be adjudged, upon the fame being demanded, fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid (hall, in fuch cafes refpeciively, by warrant under his or their hand and feal or hands and feals, caufe fuch penalties, or fuch fum as afore-laid, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offenders refpeftively fo neglecting or refufing as aforefaid, together with all cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Juftices may

it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices to order order offern^ fuch offender to be detained in fafe cuftody until return can be	re-"

conveniently had and made of fuch warrant of diftrefs, unlefs the turn be made party fo convifted (ball give fufficient fecurity, to the fa tisfadion o f diftrefs war-

of fuch juftice or juftices, for his appearance before the faid juf- rant.unlefsthe -	~	•	- -- -	*	-	-	J parties^""-

. fecurity,

tice or juftices, on fuch days as (ball be appointed by the faid Paitlfs'§ivc

juftcice or juftices for the day of the return of fuch warrant of diftrefs (fuch day not exceeding eight days from the taking of fuch fecurity); which fecurity the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to take by way of recognizance or other wife;

VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* That For want of . if Upon fuch return no fufficient diftrefs can be had, then an I in <!,ftr5ls fuch cafe the faid juftice or juftices (hall and may commit flich	oToned

offender to the common gaol or houfe of correction for the ft id for three * county, riding, diyifion or place, where the offence (hall be months, or committed, for the fpace of three calendar months, unlefs the unt-d rccogni-money forfeited (ball be fooner paid, or until fuch offender,	ffito

thinking him or herfelf aggrieved by fuch conviction, (hall give appeal to the notice to the informer that he or (he intends to appeal to""the quarter I'd1- ■ juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feffions of the flons* peace to beholden for the county, riding, or place, wherein the offence (hall be committed, and (hall enter into recognizance before fuch juftice or juftices, with two fufficient furcties, conditioned to try fuch appeal, and to abide the order of, and pay fuch cofts as (ball be awarded by, the juftices at fuch quarter fej-

B %	lions

Hosted by



4	Anno	regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 2. [1793.

fions (which notice of appeal, being not lefs than fix days before the trial thereof, fuch person fo aggrieved is hereby impowered Quarter fef- to give) ; and the faid juftices at fuch fefiion, upon due proof of fions may fuch notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into mineV^eals ^*uc^ recognizance5 fhah hear and finally determine the caufes * and matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing or appealed againft, as they the faid juftices fhall think proper; and the determination of fuch quarter fefiion (hall be final, binding, and conclulive, to all intents and purpofes.

Proceedings VII. And be it further enadled, That no proceedings to be not to be had touching the convidlion of any offender againft this a£d, or warn of form ^*or enforcing payment of fuch paper currency as aforefaid, lhall be qualhed for want of form, or be removed by writ of Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefminfer.

Limitation of V111. And be it further enadded, That if any adtion or fuit Adtions. fliall be commenced againft any person or perfons, for any thing done or added in purfuance of this add, then and in every fuch cafe fuch addion or fuit fhall be commenced or profecuted within three calendar months after the fadd committed, and not afterwards, and the fame, and every fuch addion or fuit, fhall be brought within the coufity whcte the fadd was committed, and not ellewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch General iffue. addion or fuit fhall and may plead the general ilfue, and give this add and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this add: and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch action or fuit fhall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other place than as afore-mentioned, then the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become non-fuit, or difcontinue his, her, or their addion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Treble cofts. defendants fhall and may recover treble colds, and have the like remedy for the recovery thereof as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by lav/.

CAP. II.

An aft to enable his Majefty to refrain the exportation of 'naval Jlores; and more ejfeftually to prevent the exportation of fait peire, arms, and ammunition, when prohibited by proclennation or order in council.

Preamble. TTTHEREAS the publick fafety may require temporary re-VV fraints upon the exportation of naval fores: and zvhereas it is alfo expedient that further provifon flould be made to prevent the exportation of or Jhipping to be carried coafwije, any fait petre, gunpowder, or any fort of arms, or ammunition, when the export of the fame, or the carrying of the fame coafwije, is prohibited by his Ma~

 

1793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 2.	5

jefiys royal proclamation,	order in council,	by virtue of an aft

pajfed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An a£i to impovver his Majefty to 29Geo.x.c,i6. prohibit the exportation of fait petre, and to enforce the law for itnpowering his Pvdajefty to prohibit the exportation of gunpowder, or any fort of arms and ammunition; and alfo to impower his Majefty to reftrain the carrying coaftwife of fait petre, gunpowder, or any fort of arms or ammunition; be it enadbed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That his Majefty may, by proclamation or order in council, His Majefty when he mail fee caefe, and for fuch time as ftiall be therein ex-preffed, prohibit the exporting, or the attempting to export, pig of pig iron, * iron, bar iron, hemp, pitch, tar, rofin, turpentine, anchors, cables, &c. cordage, inafts, yards, bowfprits, oars, oakum, cker, fheet copper, and other naval ftores.

II.	And be it further enadled'by the authority aforefaid, That, All pig iron, from and after the palling of this adt, all pig iron, bar iron, hemp,

pitch, tar, rofin, turpentine, anchors, cables, cordage, mafts, h^Majeftv's

yards, bowfprits, oars, oakum, oker, fheet copper, and other proclamation,

naval ftores, which lliall be exported, tranfported, carried, or to be fprfcited

conveyed, or laden or laid on board of any fhip, veffel, or boat,

in order to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed out of ancj tfoe vqJjij

this kingdom, contrary to any proclamation of his Majefty, or order See. and may

of his Majefty in council, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be be feized by

feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms; and all and every ^he cuftoms°^

perfon or persons offending therein ftiall forfeit treble the value of

fuch naval ftores refpedlively, as lhail be lo exported, tranfported,

carried, or conveyed out of this kingdom, or laden or laid on board

of any lhip, veffel, or boat, for that purpofe; and luch fhip, veffel,

or boat, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle,

and apparel fhall be forfeited, and the fame ftiall and may be

feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Salt petre, &<?. all fait petre, gunpowder, arms, or ammunition, prohibited by ^°cirriM tQ proclamation, or order, of his Majefty in council, to be carried coaftwife, if coaftwife, which fhall be (hipped or laden on board any fhip, ffiipt for that veffel, or boat, in order to be carried coaftwife, fhall be forfeited purpoie, to be in like manner as fuch articles would be forfeited it (hipped or laden ^Mted, C^c* for the purpofe of being exported out of this kingdom, and ftiall and

may be feized and profecuted in like manner, and the person or persons offending therein fhall.be fubjedt and liable to the like penalties.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That f^Vcfe

every fhip, veuel, or boat, in or on board of which any fait petre, felt^tr^ C4c gunpowder, arms, or ammunition fhall be exported, tranfported, fhaftbeexpoi:-carried, or conveyed out of this kingdom, or carried coaftwife, ed, or carried or on board of which fuch articles as aforefaid (hail refpedlively	.

be laden or laid for any of the purpofes aforefaid, when the fame pjted by°his fhall be prohibited by proclamation or order ip, council, to be ex- Majefty, to be

£ 3	ported	torltiied.

This a& not to extend to fhips of war, &c.

This abb maybe altered or repealed in the prefent fallen.

Preamble.

Order of his Majidty in council of Nov. 9> i;92 rteitecL

All fines for

?eis 4.]one under the recited order, t

bv v.1jiolia)V,vI

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3. [17930

ported or carried coaftwife, (hall be forfeited, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms,

V.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained, fhall ex-? tend to any of his Majefty’s fhips of war, or any other fhips or vefiels or boats in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fuccef-fors, or employed by his Majefty’s board of ordnance ; nor.to prevent any fhip or veffel from taking or having on board fuch quantities of naval Pores as may be neceffary for the ufe of fuch fliip or vefiel during the ccurfe of her intended voyage; or.any fhip or veffel from taking or having on board by licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners of the ad-* miralty for the time being, any arms or ammunition for the neceffary ufe or defence of fuch fhip or veffel.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That any part of thr$' a<St may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any a£t or abts to be made in this prefent feffion of parliament,

CAP. III.

jjn aft for indemnifying all persons ivho have been, concerned in ad-vifmg or carrying into execution an order of council refpefting ihe exportation of wheat and-wheat four, for preventing J'uits in con-fequence of'the fame, and for making further provifiom relative thereto : and a Jo for authorifing his Majejiy to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal., flour, bread, bifeuit, and potatoes; and to. permit the importation of corn, meal, or flour, on the low duties.

WHEREAS his Majefly, by an order in council bearing date ihe ninth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, was pleafed to order, that no person or persons whatever foe aid, from and after the publication of that order in the London ■ Gazette, until ‘the firfl day of March one thoufand feven hundred■

* and ninety-three, dire fly or indirectly, export, transport, carry or convey, or caufi or procure to be exported, Iranfported,. carried or conveyed, out of or from any port or place in Great Britain, or load or. lay on board, or caufe or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any fhip or veffel or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of any port or place in Great Britain, any wheat or wheat four: and whereas the find order cannot be juju fed by law, but was fo much for the fervice of the publick, and jo neccjfary for the fafety and prefervation of his Alajeflyh fidj efts, that ihe fame ought to be juftified by an aft of par-. liament, and all persons ifjuing, advifljig, or afting under or in obedience to the fa id order refpeftively indemnified; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the Kmc, That all perfonal actions and Euits, indictments, informations, and all profecutions and proceedings whatsoever, which C) have been or fhall be profecuted or commenced againft any per-b Ion or perfons, for or by reafon of any a<St, matter or thing, ad-viicJ, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the laid order, or of any contract qr agreement not

per-

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3,	£

performed by reafo'n or by mean?; of, or in obedience to fuch order of council, be, are, and (hall be difcharged and made void, by virtue of this a£b; and that if any aclion or fuit lhall be^ profecuted or commenced again ft any person or persons for or by rea-fon of any fuch act, matter, or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to' be done, or fuch contract or agreement not performed, he, (he, or they may plead the general Blue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or fuit fo to be profecuted cut^d aftlr or commenced after the iixth day of February one thoufand feven peb. 6, 179.3, hundred and ninety-three, in that part of Great Britain called become non-England\ fhall become nonfuit, or forbear further proiecution, or ^cgthe fuller difeontinuasnee; or if a verdict pafs againff fuch plaintiff ^coverdouble or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall recover his, her cr colts, their double cods, for which he, £he or they fhall have the like remedy as in cafes where the cofts by law are given to the defendant; and if any fuch adion or fuit fhall be commenced or profecuted after the laid Iixth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before which fuch action or fuit fhall be com* menced fhall allow to the defender the benefit of the difeharge and. indemnity hereby provided, and fhall further allow him his double cofts of fuit in all fuch cafes as aforefaid.

If. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any adion or fuit hath been already commenced againft any r^ac]y c^n^ person or persons for any fuch ad, matter or thing fo advifed, menced, may commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne t<5 be done, or on apply to the account of any fuch contrad or agreement not performed, it ^oult t0 fhall and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in fuch actions or fuits refpedively, in whatever courts in Great Britain fuch adions or fuits fhall have been commenced, to apply to fuch court or courts refpedively to ftay all proceedings therein refpedively, by motion in a luminary way, and fuch court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpofe accordingly; and the court or courts making fuch order fhall award and allow to the defendants or defenders refpedively double cofts of fuit, for which they lhall refpedively have the like remedy as in cafes where the cofts are by law given to defendants or defenders.

III.	And be it further enaded, That no person or persons Until March i, whatever fhall, until the firft day of March one thoufand feven T-793> all hundred and ninety-three, diredly or indirectly export, tranf-port, carry or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported, tranf- 0t Great bimported, carried or conveyed, out of or from any port or place tain, or ftfipt within the kingdom of Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any Chip, forfeited veffel, or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, carried or alfo the veil'd* conveyed out ot any port or place in Great Britain, any wheat <S;c. or wheat flour, bread, or bifeuit, under the penalties and forfeitures hereinafter mentioned, that is to fay, that all wheat and wheat flour, bread, or bifeuit which lhall be fo exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed, or fo loaded or laid gn board in any

B 4	Jfliip,

 

f

h’

Vered.

S	Anno	regni tricefnTjo tertio Georgii III. c, 3. C1793•

{hip, or other veffei or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, or carried out of the kingdom of Great Britain contrary to this a ft, fhall be forfeited, and that every offender or offenders therein {hall forfeit the fum of twenty {hillings for every bufhel of wheat; or wheat flour, and twelve-pence for every pound weight of bread or bifcuit, which {hall be fo exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed, or fo loaded or laid on board in any fhip, or other veffei or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed out of or from the faid kingdom of Great Britain, and alfo the fhip, veffei or boat, in or on board of which any fuch wheat or wheat flour, bread or bifcuit, {hall be fo refpedively exported, tranfported, carried or . conveyed, or in or upon which any fuch wheat or wheat flour, bread or bifcuit fhall be fo reflectively loaded or laid, in order to be fo exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized Application of by any officer or officers of the cuftoms; and one moiety of all the faid penalties and forfeitures fhall be to the Kind’s majefty, - r his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall fue for the fame; and for offences which fhall be committed in that part of Great Britain called England, fuch penalties and forfeitures fhall be recovered by ablion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhnin-Jler, or where the value of fuch penalties or forfeitures fhall not exceed the fum of fifty pounds, the fame fhall and may be recovered by information at any general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, or place where the offence fhall have been committed; and in fuch fuit no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, fhall be allowed; and for offences which fhall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the fame fhall and may be recovered by aftion or fum-mary bill on information in the courts of feffion or exchequer in Scotland, or where the value of fuch penalties or forfeitures fhal] not exceed the fum of fifty pounds, the fame fhall and may be recovered by fummary bill on information at any general quarter fef-fions of the peace, by action in the fheriff or ffeward’s court of the county or ftewartry where the offence fhall be committed;

. e and that the mafter and mariners of any fuch fhip, veffei, or boat, wherein any fuch offence fhall be committed, having knowledge this act °and of fuch offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and affiffing therein, and being thereof duly convicted in any luch courts re-fpedtively as aforefaid, fhall be imprifoned for the fpace of three months, without bail or mainprize.

IV.	Provided always, That this a£t, or any thing herein con-

may be ex- tained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to pro-ported	i

wheat occ. hibit the exportation of any foreign wheat or wheat flour which

carried co-ft- {nail have been imported into this kingdom, and warehoufed in

Matters and mariners

p flitting therein, to be imprifoned.

Foreign wheat

prohibit the carrying coaitwiie, or the carrying exporting of wheat, and wheat flour, bread or bifcuit, for any

■ of

 

9

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3.

of the purpofes, in like manner, and in the fameproportion's and quantities, and from and to the fame ports and places, as is by the faid before-mentioned adt allowed, at fuch times as wheat and wheat flour are prohibited to be exported by reafon of the price of wheat and wheat flour being at or above the prices mentioned in table B, in the faid adt contained, fubjedt to the like fecurities, conditions, regulations, and reftridlions, forfeitures and penalties, as are required and impofed by the faid adt, or by any other add now in force, in any of the cafes afore faid.

V.	And be it further enadted, That it fhall and may be law- His Majefty in ful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and he and they is

and are hereby authorifed, by and with the advice of his or their Murine thT privy council, until the end of the prefent fefflon of parliament, prefent ft-fiion, from time to time to prohibit generally, for a limited time, the ex- prohibit the portation from Great Britain of any fort of corn, meal, or flour, bread, or bifcuit whatfoever, or of potatoes, and in like manner perfr’jt thViinto permit generally the importation of foreign corn, meal, or portation of flour, fubjedt to either of the low duties fpecifled in the table Z), foreign corn, in the faid adt, and in like manner to recal fuch prohibition or &c* permiflion, if circumftances (hall appear fo to require; and if any person (hall export or import any corn, meal, or flour, potatoes, or other articles herein-before mentioned, contrary to fuch prohibition or permiflion of his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, the person fo exporting or importing the fame (hall be fubjedt and liable to the like forfeitures and pe- Corn, &c. ex-nalties, and the faid corn, meal, and flour, bread, bifcuit, and ported or hn-potatoes, and the fhip or veftel in which the fame fhall be ex- ported con-ported or imported, fhall be refpedtively fubjedt and liable to the p^hibkioi^or like forfeitures as are provided in the cafe of any of the faid ar- pel-mifiion, to tides being exported or imported contrary to the provifions of be forfeited, any adt or adls of parliament now in force.	&c*

VI.	Provided always, That in every fuch cafe it fhall and His Majefty in may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, with the council may advice of his or their privy council, to permit the carrying coaft-

wife, or carrying out, or the exportation of, the feveral forts of ^vifcorexport-corn, meal, or flour, bread, or bifcuit, for any of the purpofes, ing corn for in like manner, and in the fame proportions and quantities, and the purpofes from and to the faid ports and places, as is by the faid before-mentioned act allowed, at fuch times as any fuch corn, meal, or £c#	*

flour are prohibited to be exported, by reafon of the price of any fuch fort of corn being at or above the price mentioned in table B, fubjedt to the like fecurities, conditions, regulations, and re-ftridtions, forfeitures and penalties, as are required and impofed by the faid adt, or by any other adt now in force, in any of the cafes aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That -this prefent adt fhall altercd^or

and may be altered or repealed by any act or adts to be made in repealed in the this prefent leflion of parliament.	prefent feffion.

VIII.	Provided alio, and be it enadted, That in every fuch cafe His Majefty in it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fue- coun(pl m:iY ceflbrs, with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit toeuo be car-

pota- jied coaft wi i e,

Hosted by



to	Anno	regni	tncefimo	tertio	Georgii	III.	c.	4. [1793.

-toIrHand, potatoes to be carried eoaftwife, or to Ireland\ or as {hip’s fcores, ftores.11? under fuch fecuritics,.conditions, and regulations as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, (hall think lit.

CAP. IV.

An a£l for efablifing regulations refpefrting aliens arriving in ibis kingdom, or ref dent therein, in certain cafes.

Preamble*

Mailers of veil els to give to the officer

THEREAS a great and unufual number cf perfons, not being y naturaUborn fubjedfs of his Majefy, or denizens or. persons naturalized by aft of parliament^ have lately reforted to this fa-g h- .i:-and whereas, under the prefent circumjlances, much danger r:	fa

to the publick tranquillity from the refort and refidence of ■, i •	Is

due provifon be made in ref pad thereof; be it therefore ;	7

the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with tne auv j. . d confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, 1. ' is prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, during the continuance of this aft, the mailer or -commander cf every (flip or ' efTel which fha.ll arrive in any port or

on board.

Penalty for neglect of fo doing*

of the cuftoms place of this kingdom, (hall, immediately on his arrival, declare -at the port of in writing to the colleftor and comptroller, or other chief of-ten decbrlr1^ ^cer °kkie cuftoms, at or near fuch port or place, whether there lion fpecifying are> t0 t-ie °*’ -uS knowledge, any foreigners on board his the name s,&c. hid veiled; and fhall, in his faid declaration, fpecify the number of foreigners of foreigners, if any, on beard his faid veflel, and alfo fpecify their names and refpeftive rank, occupation, or defeription, as far as he fhall be informed thereof.

If. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the mailer or commander of every {hip or veflel, fo arriving as aforefaid, who {hall negleft or refufe to make fuch declaration as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, for each and every foreigner who fhall have been, on board at the time of the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel as aforefaid, whom he fhall have wilfully neglected or refufed to declare Application of as aforefaid; one moiety whereof fhall be to the informer or inpenalty , and formers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh or place abk rtcover‘ in which fuch offence fhall have been committed, to be recovered before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace adting in and for the divifion, city, town, or place, in which fuch offence fhall have been committed, by the confeflion of the party, lie lies

On nonpay-

or on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or wit-ana in cafe fuch mafter or commander as aforefaid fhall n!dtv °the vef ne£*e<^- or re^u^e forthwith to pay fuch penalty as he fhall be ad-fel may be'de- judged to pay in manner aforefaid, that it fhall and may be law-trained.	ful for the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuf-

toms, to detain fuch {hip or veflel as aforefaid, until the fame fhal] have been paid.

III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every alien who fhall arrive in any port or place of this kingdom, on or after the tenth day of January one thoufand {even hundred

and.

Aliens arriving after Jan. .10, 1793, to give to the

Hosted by



?793-] -&nno reghi tricesimo terrio Georgix IIL c4	ir

and ninety-three, (hall, immediately after fuch arrival, declare Port officer of in writings to the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of bitten dTcI* the cufcoms, at or near luch port or place, his or. her name and rat;on 0f tj^e‘ir rank, occupation or defcription, or if a domeftick fervant, then names, rankj alfo the name, rank, occupation, or defcription of his or her mafter or miftrefs, or fhall verbally make to fuch officer as afore-faid fuch declaration, to be by him reduced to writing'; and fhall alfo in like manner declare the country or countries, place or places where he or {he fhall have principally relided for lix calendar months next immediately preceding fuch arrival: and that Aliens neg-every fuch alien who fhall negledt to make declaration of the- Jettingto make aforefaid particulars, or who (hall wilfully make any falfe decla- tjj^ ^ ration thereof, (hall, for every fuch offence, on conviction there- adjudged to of in his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or in any court of depart out of

•ftiriory t q e i e a 1itj, a11cl

for nonconi -

oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great feffions, or jufticiary court in Scotland, be adjudged to depart out of this realm, and all p^pnce^tcTbe other his Majefty’s dominions, within a time to be limited in transported ■ fuch judgement; and if he or (he fhall be found, therein after for Lie. fuch time in fuch judgement fo limited, without lawful caufe, he or file fhall, being duly convicted thereof, be tranfported for life.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Aliens to ob-every fuch alien fo arriving as aforefaid, fhall obtain from the colledfor, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cufcoms (and cuftom a fuch officers are hereby refpecUvely required to deliver the fame) certificate of a certificate of his or her declaration, made in writing or verbally, their deelara-containing all the particulars in fuch declaration contained. Ll0ns'

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Ad not to ex-aforefaid. That nothing herein-before contained fhall extend or cerdfi*d be conftrued to extend to any mariner, whom the mafter °r by the m ifttr commander of any fhip or veflel, arriving in any port or place in to the officer Great Britain, fhall certify to fuch collector, comptroller, or ot the cuftoms* other chief officer of the cuftoms, in writing, fubfcribed by fuch

mafter or commander, to be actually engaged and employed in the navigation of fuch fhip or .veflel, during the time that fuch mariner ftiall remain fo actually engaged and employed ; and ' which certificate in writing, fo fubfcribed as aforefaid, every fuch mafter or commander as aforefaid is hereby required to give.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Arms, See.

it ftiall not be lawful for any alien fo arriving to import or bring	importecT

into this kingdom, any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammuni- by aliens, ex-tion whatever, other than as merchandize, fubjeeft to the laws cept.as mer-now in force refpefting’ the importation of fuch arms or ammu- chanefi-ze, to nition refpedlively as merchandize; and that it fhall be lawful be eiZe

for any of his Majefty’s officers of the cuftoms to take into his or their cuftody any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition which fhall be attempted to be imported or brought into this kingdom, in any manner contrary to this a£f, taking an account thereof; which account (hall fpecify the persons by whom the-fame were refpedtively brought; and that fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition fhall be, and (hall remain at the King’s difpol'al.

Hosted bYS'dbdle

12

?f his M''jetty 3n council fhall direct that aliens of any defcrip-

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. e. 4. C1793*

VII,	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That when and fo often as his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-

ceffbrs, fhall think it neceflary for the fafety or tranquillity of

the kingdom, by his or their proclamation or order in coun-

tion, fhall not cil, to dire£l that aliens of any defcription therein contained (not

be landed, or being alien merchants within the true intent and meaning of this only at prc -	®	...	®

fcrihed places, a<^) Ihall not be landed in this kingdom, or fhall not be landed,

matters of- except at fuch places, and under fuch regulations, as fhall be in fending, liable fuch proclamation or order expreffed, then and in every fuch cafe to penalty. the mailer or commander of ev„ery fhip, or veffel, or boat, having any luch alien or aliens on board, fhall not fuffer any fuch alien or aliens to land within any part of this kingdom, contrary to fuch proclamation or order in council, unlefs by the exprefs per-miffio'n of his Majefty, iignified under the hand of one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of {late; and every fuch m after or commander wilfully negleftirfg to conform to any of the directions or regulations contained in fuch proclamation or order, fhall forfeit fifty pounds for every alien fo landed, to be recovered before one or more of his Majefty’s judices of the peace, one moiety thereof to he to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence fhall be com-_ _ mitted, and fuch fhip or veffel from on board of which any fuch forfeited8 a^'ien or a^ens	1° ^and? and every other veffel or boat ufed

3	*	in landing any fuch alien or aliens, fhall and may be feized by

any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and the fame fhall refpedlively be forfeited, together with all tackle, apparel, ammunition, and furniture, thereunto refpeilively belonging.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no alien fo arriving fhall depart from the place in which he or fhe fhall have fo arrived, except for the purpofe of making fuch declaration as herein-before required to the collector, comp-ro'fpecified)^* tro^er* or ot^er chief officer of the cuftoms as aforefaid, or for without a palf- the purpofe of obtaining fuch paffport as is herein-after men-port, to be tioned, without previoully obtaining a paffport from the mayor granted on the or 0ther chief magiftrate of fuch place, or from one juftice of herein men- Peace f°r *he county or diftrict in which the fame may be fitu-tioned.	a ted ; in which paffport fhall be expreffed the name and rank, oc-

cupation or defcription, of fuch alien, as declared by him or her to fuch officer of the cuftoms as aforefaid, and alfo the town or place to which fuch alien purpofes to go; and fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juftice, is hereby required to give fuch paffport on application made to him for that purpofe, on production of then certificate of his or her declaration as aforefaid, provided that fuch town or place, to which fuch alien purpofes to go, fhall hot be a town or place from which fuch alien is reftrained from going by any fuch proclamation or order as is herein mentioned, and provided that fuch alien fhall not have landed in this kingdom contrary to any fuch proclamation or order in council as is . herein mentioned, ceptdomelk	IX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That

ftrvants of when and fo often as any alien, except the domeftic'k fervants of natural-born any of his Majefly's natural-born fubje£ts? or fuch as fhall have

  had

Penalty, and bow applied and recoverable.

Veffcls bring-

!No aliens to depart from the place of arrival, (except for the

1793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeorgiiIII. c. 4.	13

had letters patent of denization, or been naturalized by a61 of parliament, being adlually attendant on their refpedlive mafters, who (hall have arrived in this kingdom fince the firft day of 'January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, or who fhall arrive therein at any time during the continuance of this a£lg fhall be defirous to change the place of his or her ufual relidence, or to quit the town or place at which fuch alien fhall have arrived by virtue of his or her firft paftport, fuch alien fhall obtain from the mayor or chief magiftrate, or any juftice of the peace for the county, town, place, or diftridf, in which fuch alien fhall be refi-dent, a paftport, in which fhall be expreffed the name and defcrip-tion of fuch alien in the manner herein-before provided, and alfo, unlefs fuch alien fhall be an alien merchant, the -name of the town or place to which fuch alien fhall propofe to remove; and fuch mayor, chief magiftrate, or juftice, is hereby required to give fuch paftport, on application made to him for that purpofe bvfuch alien: provided always, That every fuch alien fhall, at the time of making fuch application, exhibit to fuch magiftrate or juftice the paftport, by virtue of which fuch alien arrived in fuch county, diftridt, town, or place in which he or fhe fhall be refident, or, if fuch alien fhall not have arrived therein by virtue

fubjedb, &c.) arrived fince Jan. i, 179s, or arriving during the continuance of this a&, defirous to change their abode, or the place of their arrival, mult obtain a pair-port, which ihall be given on exhibiting the documents herein fpeci-fied*

of any paftport, a certificate from the magiftrate or juftice, or other person to whom fuch alien fhall have delivered an account of hisor her name and defcription, in the mannerherein-afterprovided.

X. Provided alfo, and be it enadied by the authority aforefaid,

That if it fhall appear to the fatisfadfion of fuch mayor, magif- Magiftrates trate, or juftice, upon due examination upon oath of fuch alien, may grant and alfo, if neceffary, of any other person or perfons, that fuch ^Hen me^0 alien is an alien merchant, within the true intent and meaining chants, to pafg of this adt, it fhall not be neceffary to exprefs in fuch paftport the to and from name of the town or place to which fuch alien fhall propofe to all parts of the remove, but the fame fhall deferibe fuch alien to be an alien mer- kingdom.

chant tvithin the true intent and meaning of this adt, and give full liberty to fuch alien merchant to pafs and repafs to and from all parts of this kingdom.

XI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Magiftrates it fhall and may be lawful to and for the mayor or chief magif- ^^n^ahen6 trate, or for any juftice of peace of any county, city, town, place, as aforefaid or diftrid! within this kingdom, to require of any alien who fhall to exhibit his have arrived in this kingdom after the firft day of January one purport, and thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, or fhall arrive at any Jpg^^^etafn time during the continuance of this adt, except fuch domeftick hinTt^l hfs ^ fervants as aforefaid, and who fhall be pafting through or be found Majefty’s in fuch county, city, town, place, or diftridb, to exhibit to fuch commands mayor, magiftrate, or juftice, his or her paftport, which he or fhe	and	iF

is hereby required to exhibit accordingly, and in default thereof, jqs Majdlv or in cafe it fhall appear thereby that fuch alien not being therein fhall not direct deferibed as an alien merchant, in the manner in this adl men- him to be dif-tioned, is not in his or her way to fuch town or place as is	to

therein exprefted, and fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juftice fhall re.qm? fee caufe to fufpedl that fuch alien is not bona fide proceeding to commithimto

fuch P’ifon,

 

H

Anno regtii tricesimo tertio GeORGH III.

4* ll793°

fuch town or place as aforefaid, or in cafe fuch mayor, magistrate or juftice, fhall fee caufe to fufpedt .that fuch alien landed iii this kingdom contrary to any fuch proclamation or order irt council, as is herein mentioned, fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juf-tice may commit fuch alien to the common gaol, or other pub-lick prifon, or detain fuch alien in fuch cuftody as fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juftice may think proper, until notice thereof be fent, by fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juftice, to one of his Ma-jefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, which notice fuch mayor, magifirate, or juftice is hereby required forthwith to tranfmit, and until fufftcient time (hall have been allowed for the tranf-miftion of his Majefty’s commands thereupon; and unlefs his Majefty (hall thereupon, within ten days in England, or fourteen days in Scotland., fgnify his pleafure that fuch alien {hall he dif-chargcd, or fhall direct, in manner he rein-after mentioned, that fuch alien (hall depart the realm, it fhall and may be lawful for , fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juftice, to caufe fuch alien to be committed to the common gaol, without bail or mainprize, until he or flae (hall be delivered by due courle of law.

XII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every lhall not order a^en whom his Majefty fhall not fo fignify his pleafure to dif-tobedifeharg- charge, who fhall have refufed to exhibit his or her paffport, or ed, (hall, on who lhall have been found not bona fide proceeding to the town conviction, be or p]ace therein exprelfed, or who fhall have wilfully landed in

imnnlnnpn. . . 1 . .	.	1	.	.	.	J.

this kingdom contrary to any proclamation or order in council herein mentioned, and who lhall be lawfully convitfted thereof in his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or' any court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or great feluons, or court of jufticiary in Scotland> fhall be adjudged to fuffer imprifonment for any time not exceeding one month, and at the expiration of the laid term to depart out of the realm within a time to be limited in fuch judgement; and if fuch alien fhall be found therein after fuch time in fuch judgement fo limited, without lawful caufe, fuch alien fhall, being duly convidled, be tranfported for life.

XIII.	Ana be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons fhall wilfully forge, counterfeit, or alter,'

imprii'oned,

&c.

Penalty on persons forging, See. palT-ports or certificates.

or caufe to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or fhall utter, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any fuch paffport or certificate as are by this acl directed, or (halt obtain fuch paffport or certificate under any other name or de-feription than that which he or fhe fhall have declared to fuch cuftom houfe officer, or to any fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juftice as are herein mentioned, or fhall falfely pretend to be the person mentioned in fuch paffport or certificate, fuch person or persons fhall, for every fuch offence, on convidtion thereof in his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or any court of oyer and terminer,', gaol delivery, or great feftions, or in the jufticiary court in Scotland, be adjudged to be imprifoned, and fhall be imprifoned in the common gaol for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, and at the expiration of that time to depart out of this realm* within a time to be limited by fuch judgement; and if fuch perfon

Hosted by



1793’] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4

fon.or persons be found therein after fuch time in fuch judgement fo limited, without lawful caufe, he or fhe fhall, being duly convinced, be tranfported for life.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Notice of the

That notices of the feveral regulations herein-before contained regulations fhall be printed in different‘languages, and fhalb be affixed in twined to be publick places in the different ports of this kingdom, and fhall printed in alfo be delivered by the cuftom houfe officers to all foreigners on different lan-their arrival in any port of this kingdom, in every cafe in which	anj*

it can conveniently be clones but that it (hall not be neceffary for	^riV*	e	'

the conviftion of any alien offending againft this aft, to prove fuch delivered to perfonal delivery of the faid notices.	foreigners on

their arrival; but fuch delivery not neceffary for conviction of offenders,

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That when and fo often as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, ^geile fhall, by his or their proclamation, or by his or their order in ordered by council, or order under his or their fign manual, direct that any his Majeffy’s alien being, or who may hereafter arrive within this realm during the continuance of this aft, fhall depart this realm within a time fitted6toOHU limited in fuch proclamation or orders refpeftively, and any alien gaol, fhall knowingly neglect or refufe to pay due obedience to fuch proclamation or orders refpeftively, or fhall be found in this ’ kingdom contrary to fuch proclamation or orders, as the cafe may be, it (hall and may be lawful for any of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, or for any juffice of the peace, or for any mayor or chief magiftrate as aforefaid, to caule every fuch alien, fo neglecting or refilling, as aforefaid, to be arrefted, and to be committed to the common gaol of the county or place where he or (herbal I be fo arreffed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until he or fhefhaii be delivered by due courfe of law.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Penalty ot? That every fuch alien fo difobeying or knowingly neglefting to aliens difobey-pay due obedience to fuch proclamation or orders refpeftively, or |^nJ1QC being found in this kingdom contrary to fuch proclamation or

orders refpeftively, who fhall be lawfully convifted thereof in his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or any court of oyer and ter- ' miner, gaol delivery, or great feffions, or court of judiciary in Scotland, fhall be adjudged to differ imprifonment for any time not exceeding one month, and at the expiration of the faid term to depart out of the realm, within a time to be limited by fuch judgement, and if fuch alien (hall be found therein, after fuch time in fuch judgement fo limited, without lawful caufe, fuch alien fliall, being duly convifted, be trail (ported* for life.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Secretary of That it fhall and may be lawful for any one of his Majefty’s prin- grant warrants * cipal fecretaries of (late, in cafes where he fliall apprehend that to conduct \ immediate obedience will not be paid to fuch proclamation, or out of the orders refpeftively, as aforefaid, by warrant under his hand and ^n^he fhall feal to give fuch alien in charge to one of his Majefty’s mef- apprehend vviil

1 fengers, or to fuch other person or persons to whom he (hall think not obey proproper t.Q direft fuch warrant, in order to his or her being con- clamations, *' dufted out of the kinedom^ in fuch manner as (ball be fu Stable to

his

Hosted by GoOglC

16	Anno fegni tricesimo tertio GfeoRGii III. c. 4.

hts or her rank and fituation ; and that in cafe any excufe fhall be alledged by any fuch alien for not complying with fuch proclamation or orders refpedlively, it {hall and may be lawful for the lords of his Majefty’s privy council to judge of the validity of fuch excufe, and to allow or difallow the fame; and fuch alien (hall remain in the cuftody of fuch meffenger, or fuch other per-fon or persons as aforefaid* until the lords of his Majefty’s privy council fhall have fignified their determination thereupon.

XVIII,	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid* Hi&Majefty That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and may order any fucceffors, by his or their proclamation, or order in council, or fince TarTi^ or<^er tinder the royal fign manual, to order and diredf any alien or 1792, or arriv- aliens who fhall have arrived within this kingdom fince the firft day ingduring the of "January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, or who continuance fhall arrive therein during the continuance of this a£t, other than refid^in^u^h a^en merchants, and the domeftick fervants of any of his Ma-diftridt as he jelly’s natural-born fubjedls* or of fuch as fhall have had letters fhall think patent of denization, or been naturalized by a£t of parliament* proper.	adlually and bo?ia fide employed in the fervice of their refpedlive

mailers, to dwell and reiidc refpe£tively in fuch diftri£t or dif-,	tridls as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, fhall think neceffary

Penalty for for the publick fecurity; and if any fuch alien, except as herein-ciifobedience. before excepted, being fo ordered and diredled, fhall dwell or fhall be found to be or have been in any part of this kingdom* other than fuch diftriol or diftridts as aforefaid, in breach of fuch proclamation or orders refpedtively, it fhall and may be lawful for any of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of flate, or for any juftice of peace, or any fuch mayor or chief magiftrate as aforefaid, to caule fuch alien to be arrefted, and if it fhall appear to fuch principal fecretary of ftate, or to fuch juftice, mayor, ot chief magiftrate, that fuch alien did knowingly and wilfully depart out of fuch diftridl or diftrifts, in breach of fuch proclamation or orders refpedlively, fuch alien fhall be committed to the' common gaol, there to be detained, without bail or mainprize, until he or jhe fhall be delivered by due courfe of law: and if any fuch alien, except as herein-before excepted, fhall be duly convicted in his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or any court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great feffions, or court of judiciary in Scotland, of knowingly and wilfully dwelling or refiding, or being found to be, or of having been in any place in this kingdom in breach of fuch proclamation or orders refpedlively as aforefaid, he or file fhall be adjudged to be imprifoned, and fhall be imprifoned for any time not exceeding one month.

XIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Azeris in the That every alien who fhall be in this kingdom on the tenth day ^ag^omi°n of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and who arrived * who fhall have arrived within this kingdom fince the firft day of fince Jan. i, January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, except fuch 179a, orthofe domeftick fervants as aforefaid, fhall within ten days from and Ian Viog 170- a^ter t^ie tenth ^ °f January one thoufand feven hundred and to deliver ninety,three, and that every alien arriving in this kingdom after

the

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

17

the tenth day of 'January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- within the three, except fuch domeftick fervants as aforefaid, fhall, within ^ntion^d^ii ten days after his or her arriving at the place which (hall be ex- accoUnt of preffed in his or her paffport as aforefaid, as the place to which their names* he or fhe propofes to go, deliver to the chief magiftrate of the &c. town or place in which he or fhe fhall be 5 and if there be no chief magiftrate in fuch town or place, then, and in fuch cafe, to fome one of the juftices of peace in and for the county or dif-tri6b in which fuch alien fhall be* or to fuch person or persons as fhall be authorifed to that effeCt by fuch chief magiftrate or juf-tice, as the cafe may be, by warrant under his hand and feal, a full and true account in writing, of his or her name and rank, occupation or defcription, and alfo of his or her place of abode, fpecifying the ftreet and number (if any fuch there be), in and at which he or fhe fhall then be dwelling, and of the length of time during which he or fhe fhall have been refident within this kingdom, and the place or places of his pr her principal refidence during fix months immediately preceding his or her delivering fuch account: and that it fhall alfo be lawful for any mayor or Magiftrates chief magiftrate of any city, town, or place, or for any juftice of may require the peace for any county or diftridt, to require of any fuch alien fuch accounts* as aforefaid, except alien merchants, and except fuch domeftick lervants as aforefaid, who fhall be within the limits of their re-fpedtive jurifdictions, fuch an account as is before-mentioned; and fuch mayor, magiftrate, juftice, or perfon, authorifed as afore- certificated faid, is hereby required to give a certificate to fuch alien, on thereof; application for that purpofe, which certificate fhall fpecify the particulars of the account fo delivered by fuch alien; and in cafe and may com-any fuch alien fhall negledt or refufe to deliver fuch account as mit aliensneg-aforefaid, in any of the cafes herein-before mentioned, that it l^hig to giye fhall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace to caufe every accounts* alien, fo negleCting or refufing, to,be arrefted and committed to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until he or fhe fhall be delivered by due courfe of law: and that Penalty for every fuch alien as aforefaid, who fhall fo neglect or refufe to de- neglecting to liver fuch account, or who fhall wilfully deliver any falle account gweaccounts, to fuch magiftrate or juftice refpeCting any of the particulars ^^lvins herein-before mentioned, fhall, on conviction thereof, in his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or any court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great feffions, or the court of judiciary in Scotland, be adjudged, for the firft offence, to fuffer imprilbn-ment for any time not exceeding one month, and for the fecond dffence, fhall be adjudged to depart out of this realm, within a time to be limited in fuch judgement; and if fuch alien fhall be found therein, after fuch time fo limited in fuch judgement, without lawful caufe, he or fhe fhall, being duly convicted, be transported for life,

XX,	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid,

That whenever any fuch chief magiftrate, or fuch juftice, fhall Magistrates have caufe to fufpset that any fuch alien who may arrive or be maY turn mo ns Within the limits of his or their refpewtive jurifdiCtion, and who not^av*

Vql, XXXIX,

ing delivered  

i8	Anno	regni triccfimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4. [1793.

accounts, and ought, in purfuance of this aft, to deliver any fuch account as is

may arreft them for non-compliance.

Magiftrates may require of houiekeep ers an account rnay°1 of the names,

&c. of aliens redding with them, &c*

Penalty on houi'ekeepers for ncgleft.

herein-before mentioned, has neglefted or refufed to deliver fuch account, it {hall be lawful for fuch magiftrate or juftice to fum-mon before him the person fo fufpefted, in order to be examined touching the premifes; and alfo to examine upon oath fuch other persons as may be competent to give evidence thereupon, and, upon refufal or neglect to obey fuch fummons, to caufe fuch person to be arretted, and brought before him for the purpofe above mentioned.

XXL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it {hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace, or chief magiftrate as aforefaid, by notice in writing under their hands refpeftively, to be left at the dwelling houfe of any houfekeeper within the divifion, city, town, or place, in and for which fuch juftice, mayor, or chief magiftrate as afore-jfaid-fhall aft, to require of fuch houfekeeper an account in writing, within a time to be limited in fuch notice, to be fubferibed with the name of fuch houfekeeper, of the names, rank, and occupation of all fuch aliens as may be refident in his or her dwelling houfe, as far as the fame fhall have come to his or her knowledge, together with an account of the length of time, during which fuch aliens refpeftively {hall have been fo refident in his or her dwelling houfe, or if no fuch alien fhall be refident therein, then in like manner he or {he fhall certify the fame ; and if any fuch houfekeeper fhall negleft or refute to return fuch account or certificate as is hereby required, or fhall return a falfe account or certificate, every fuch houfekeeper, being lawfully convifted thereof by his or her confeftion, or on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of .fifty pounds for every alien who fhall be proved to have been a lodger or inmate in fuch dwelling houfe as aforefaid, either at the time when fuch notice as aforefaid was left at his or her dwelling houfe, or at the time of returning fuch account or certificate, and whom he or fhe fhall have wilfully neglefted to return in fuch account; and in cafe there fhall be, or have been, no alien in his or her dwelling houfe at fuch time refpeftively, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered in Application of manner aforefaid ; one moiety of fuch penalties refpeftively to be to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh or place in which fuch dwelling houfe fhall be fituate.

XXII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch cuftom houfe officer, magiftrate, or juftice as aforefaid, fhall, with all convenient diligence, tranfmit to one . of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, copies of all fuch accounts in writing, as fhall be delivered to fuch cuftom houfe officer, magiftrate, or juftice, by virtue of this aft, and alfo of all fuch paftports and certificates as fhall be iffued by fuch magiftrate or juftice by virtue of this aft, keeping fuch accounts, paftports, and certificates, as far as may be, from being made ‘ publick.

XXIII. Pro.

penalty.

Copies of accounts delivered to cuftom houfe officers, &c and of paftports and certificates, granted by magiftrates, to be tranf-mitted to one of the fecreta ries o-f ftate.

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c, 4:	19

XXIII.	Provided always, arid be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in every cafe in which power is given The juftices by this aft to commit any alien'to the common gaol without bail of the courts or mainprize, until delivered by due courfe of law, it fhall and

may be lawful for any of the juftices of his Majefty’s courts at admit aliens Wejiminjier, or for any of the barons of the exchequer, being of to bail; the degree of the coif, or for the lord juftice clerk, or any of the commiftioners of judiciary in Scotland, if, upon application made, he fhall fee fufficient caufe to prefume that fuch person is not within the defcription limited by this aft in the different cafes herein mentioned, to admit fuch person to bail, he or fhe giving fufficient fecurity for his or her appearance to anfwer the matters alledged againft him or her.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid^ That it fhall be lawful for any juftice of the peace as may alfo to admit any alien to bail who fhall have been committed by vir-

tue of this aft, fuch juftice being authorifed fo to do by warrant fecretary of one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate for that pur- Gf ftate. pofe, fpecifying the fecurity to be taken by fuch juftice.

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That all aliens who fhall have arrived in this kingdom fince the Aliens, with-fir ft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, in the times fhall, if within the limits of the weekly hills of mortality, or fi^^ogive within the pari flies of Saint Mary le Bone, Paddington, Saint Pan- an account of eras, and Saint Luke at Chelfea, in the county of Middlefex, on all weapons, the tenth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- &c*-in their three; or if out of the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or ^jiver'up^he of the feveral parifhes aforefaid,jyithin ten days from the laid fame to a tenth day of January; and every alien who fhall arrive therein magiftrate, after the tenth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, fhall, within ten days after his or their arrival, give to fome neighbouring magiftrate a full and true account of all weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition which fhall be in their refpeftive pofteftion, or in the poffeftion of others for or at their ufe or difpofal, and fhall, within three days from fuch notice, deliver up to fuch magiftrate all fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition, except fuch only for the keeping of which they fhall have obtained licence under the hand and feal of one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, during the time fuch licence fhall be in force ; and that it fhall not be lawful for any fuch . alien, fubfequent to the delivery of fuch account, to buy or to have in his or her pofteftion, or in the poffeflion of others for or at his or her ufe or difpofal, any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, except as herein-before excepted : and that any fuch person wilfully neglefting to give fuch account, penaity for or giving a falfe account, or wilfully neglefting to deliver up neglefting to fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, or forging, give, or giving' counterfeiting, or altering, or caufing to be forged, counterfeit- ^falie account, ed or altered, or uttering, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any fuch licence, or buying or knowingly having in his or her pofteftion, or in the pofteftion of others for

C 2'	or

Mapftrates may require aliens relident in their jurif-ditfions, or patting through the fame, to deliver up weapons, & c.

Penalty for re fufal.

Secretary of itate, &c. may grant warrants for fearching the houfes of aliens, &c. for weapons, Sec.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4. [1793.'

or at his or her ufe or difpofal, any other weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, contrary to this a£l, (hall, on conviction in his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or any court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great fettions, or judiciary court in Scotland., be adjudged to depart out of this realm, within a time to be limited in fuch judgement; and if he or fhe {hall be found therein after fuch time in the judgement fo limited, without lawful caufe, he or file {hall, being duly convicted, be tranfported for life.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it {hall and may be lawful for any fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juflice as aforefaid, from time to time, to require any fuch alien as aforefaid, who {hall have arrived within this kingdom fince the firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, or who {hall arrive therein during the continuance of this a£l, and who {hall be within the jurifdi£lion of fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juflice, or who {hall pafs through the fame, to deliver up to fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juflice, all weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, which may be in his or her poffeffion, or in the poffeffion of others for or at his or her ufe or difpofal, (except by virtue of fuch licence as aforefaid); and in cafe of refufal it fhall be lawful for fuch mayor, magiftrate, or juflice, to take into his or their cuftody, any fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, and the fame fhall be and remain at the King’s difpofal; and that any fuch alien refufing to deliver up fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, or concealing the fame after fuch requifition fo made as aforefaid, fhall, on conviction in his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or in any court of oyer and .terminer, gaol delivery, or great feftions, or judiciary court in Scotland, be adjudged to depart out. of this realm, within a time to be limited in fuch judgement; and if he or fhe fhall be found therein, after fuch time in fuch judgement fo limited, vvithout lawful caufe, he or fhe fhall, being duly convicted, be tranfported for life.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for any of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, or for any two juflices of the peace, or any mayor or chief magiftrate as aforefaid, by warrant under their refpe&ive hands and feals, to caufe any boufe, rented or occupied by any aliens as aforefaid, except alien merchants, and except aliens who have been refident in this kingdom continually ’ for the fpace of two years previous to the firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety; and alfo any houfe in which any fuch alien (except as herein excepted), fhall be a lodger or inmate, fuch inmate not being a domeftick fervant of anv of his Majefty’s natural-born fubje&s, or persons who fhall have bad letters patent of denization, or been naturalized by a£l of parliament, refident in fuch houfe, to be fearched in the day time, and in the prefence of a peace officer, in order to difeover whether any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition be therein, and to caufe to be feized all fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, and

am mu-

 

1793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4.	21

ammunition as fhall therein be found belonging to fuch alien, or being for or at his ufe or difpofal, except fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition, whereof he may be in pofleffion by virtue of fuch licence as is herein-before mentioned; and fuch weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition fo feized, fhall be at the King’s difpofal.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That it	fhall and may be	lawful for fuch fecretary of ftate, or fuch	and may re*

juftice,	mayor, or chief	magiftrate as	aforefaid, to require any	quire from

houfekeeper, in whofe dwelling houfe any alien fhall be a lodger afiensS or inmate, by notice in writing under their hands and feals re- fhall lodge, an fpe£tively, to be left at fuch dwelling houfe, an account in writ- account of ing, to be fubferibed with the name of fuch houfekeeper, of all weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition which fhall be in 1 erem’ fuch dwelling houfe for or at the ufe or difpofal of fuch alien, within a time to be limited in fuch notice, or a certificate, fubferibed	in like manner,	that none of	the articles aforefaid are

therein	to be found, as	the cafe may	be; and that every fuch	Penalty for

houfekeeper negledfing or refufing to return fuch account as neglect, or aforefaid, or who fhall knowingly either return a falfe account of the particulars aforefaid, or falfely certify that none of the COUat, &c. particulars aforefaid, are therein, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds; and if he or fhe fhall negledl or refufe to make fuch certificate as aforefaid, although none of the particulars aforefaid be therein, he or fhe fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds; fuch penalties to be refpetftively recovered before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, on the oath of How penalties one or more credible witnefs or witnefles ; one moiety whereof are to bere-refpedfively fhall be to the informer or informers, and the other c0^refi anc* moiety to the poor of the parifh or place in which fuch dwelling ^ houfe fhall be fituated.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and His Majeftv fucceffors, whenever he or they fhall deem it neceflary for the may fend out publick fafety, to fend out of this realm any alien as aforefaid, ^ raliencom who fhall have been committed to any gaol by warrant under the mitted^o^aol" hands and feals of any of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of $ccr9 * ftate, or juftice of the peace, mayor or chief magiftrate reflectively, in manner herein mentioned, or who fhall be imprifoned in execution of any fentence palled upon fuch alien for any offence againft this ait, or who fhall have been admitted to bail.

XXX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any alien fent out of this realm by command of his Ma- and if he be jefty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall return, and be found at large found therein within this realm, every fuch alien fhall, on convidlion thereof	tefbe"

in his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, or in any court of oyer tranfported and terminer, gaol delivery, or great fefiions, or in the jufticiary for life, court of Scotland, be adjudged to be tranfported for life.

XXXI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That in all cafes concerning the execution of this act, when any

queftion fhall arife whether any person is or is not an alien born, f^es againft

G 3	not	this adt, the

22

proof to lie on the party ac-cufed.

Who fhall be deemed alien merchants.

No foreign ambalTadors, fkc. to be deemed aliens,

Adt not to extend to aliens not more than 14 years old.

Certificates,

<kc. to be given gratis.

Frefh paffports or certificates

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4. [1793;

not having obtained letters patent of denization, nor having been naturalized by adl of parliament; or whether fuch alien is or is not an alien merchant; or whether fuch alien did or did not arrive in this kingdom, on or before the firft day of "January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two; or did or did not refide therein for two years continually previous to the firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety; or is or is not fuch a domeftick fervant as aforefaid 5 the proof of being a natural-born fubjedl of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, or of being a denizen by letters patent, or of naturalization by adl of parliament, or of being an alien merchant, or of having arrived within this kingdom on or before the firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, or of having continually been re-fident for two years previous to the firft day of January one-thoufand feven hundred and ninety, or of being fuch a domeftick fervant as aforefaid, fhall lie upon the person touching whom, fuch queftion fhall fo arife.

XXXII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no person fhall be deemed an alien merchant within the true intent and meaning of this act, except fuch person as fhall be bona fide engaged in carrying on trade or commerce, by exporting or importing merchandife from or into this kingdom, feeking his or her living thereby; or fuch person as having been bona fide en-gaged in trade or commerce in foreign parts, and continuing engaged in fuch trade or commerce, or being employed as agent or factor by any fuch person in foreign parts, fhall refort to this kingdom, bona fide, for the purpofe of tranfacbing the bufmefs of the laid trade or commerce in which fuch person in foreign parts fhall have been and fhall be fo engaged as aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no foreign ambaffador, nor other publick minifter duly authorifed, nor the domeftick fervants of any fuch foreign ambaffador, or publick minifter, rcgiftered as fuch according to the diredlions of the laws now in force, or being adtually attendant upon fuch ambaffador or minifter, nor aliens born who fhall have had letters patent of denization, or who fhall have been naturalized by adl of parliament, fhall be deemed aliens within the meaning of this adl.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That nothing in this adl contained fhall affedl any alien, in refpedl of any adl done or omitted, who fhall make it appear that he or fhe was not above the age of fourteen years at the time of fuch adl done or omitted.

XXXV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all certificates, paffports, notices, and licences, hereinbefore required to be given by any colledlor, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, or by any juftice or juftices of the peace, or other magiftrates refpedlively, fhall be given without any fee or reward whatfoever.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if any pallport, or certificate, iffued to any alieu by virtue

of

 

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4^	23

of this adt, fhall be loft, miflaid, or deftroyed, and fuch alien may be grant*

fhall produce to one of his M^jefty’s juftices of the peace, from

the office of one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, a

copy of the paffport or certificate fo loft, miflaid, or deftroyed,

and ihall make it appear to the fatisfadlion of fuch juftice, that

he or fhe is the person named in fuch paffport or certificate, and

that the fame has been loft, miflaid, or deftroyed, without his

or her wilful negledt or default, it fhall and may be lawful for

fuch juftice, and he is hereby required to grant to fuch alien a

frefh paffport or certificate, which fhall be of the like force and

effecft as the paffport dr certificate fo loft, miflaid, or deftroyed.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Perfons ad~

faid, That in all cafes in which any person fhall be adjudged to ortedC be tranfported, the tranfportation fhall be adjudged to be, and to be lent to fhall be, to fuch place or places as his Majefty, with the advice fuch places as of his privy council, fhall diredl or appoint.	his Majefty in

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- 3°^^• faid, That in cafe any person ordered or adjudged to be tranf Perfons order-ported, fhall be found at large within this realm after fentence of ed to be tranf-

-tranfportation pronounced, he fhall be guilty of felony, and fhall ported, to fuf-fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.	found^within

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, the realm. That it fhall and may be lawful for any juftice or juftices of the Penalties may peace before whom any pecuniary penalties fhall be recovered in be: levied by purfuance of this adf, in cafe the fame fhall not be forthwith paid, re **

to award and iffue warrants of diftrefs refpe&ively for the levying of fuch pecuniary penalties upon the goods and chattels of any offender or offenders, and to caufe fale to be made of fuch goods and chattels, if they fhall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to fuch offender or offenders the furplus (if any there be), and for want of fufficient diftrefs to imprifon the party offending- till fatisfadlion be made; and that if either party think Parties ag-him or themfelves aggrieved by any judgement or order to be grieved may given or made by any juftice of the peace abling in purfuance of this act, touching any pecuniary penalty relating to the fame, it j^ons.^ fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch person or persons to appeal from the fame to the juftices aflembled at the next general or quarter feffion to be holden for the county, fhire, or ftevvartry, where fuch judgement or order fhall have bten made, who fhall finally determine the fame; and no writ of Certiorari fhall be No writ of allowed, to remove the proceedings of the faid juftices, touching Certiorari to the pecuniary penalties aforefiid.	136 flowed.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the. authority aforefaid, That the party or parties fo appealing as aforefaid, Partiesappeah fhall give notice in writing, by the lpace of fix days next before to 6 fuch feffions fhall be holden as aforefaid, unto the other party °r ^[^revious parties, of his, her, ‘or their intention to bring fuch appeal, and that it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftices fo aflembled to Juices in award cofts to either party, as they fhall in their difcretion think feilion may-fit, to be levied by warradt of the faid juftices, or any two or awar(*co 3*

- more of them, on the goods and chattels of the party or parties

C 4	againft

24

If there be not 6 days between the order of the juftice and the next fef-fion, the appeal may be made at the fecond. Limitation of a&ions.

General ifliic.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5. [ ^793-

againft: whom the fame fhall be awarded : provided alfo, That in cafe there he not the fpace of fix days between the fir ft judgement or order of any juftice or jultices and the quarter or general fefiions then next following, that then fuch appeal may be made at the fecond general or quarter fefiions after fuch judgement or order made.

XLI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons fhall at any time be fued or profe-cuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfu-ance of or by colour of this aft, or of any matter or thing therein contained, fuch aftion or profecution fhall be commenced within the fpace of three months next after the offence fhall be committed, and fuch person or persons fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon trial a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or fhall difcontinue his or their fuit or profecution, or if judgement be given for the defendant or defendants upon demurrer or Double cofts. othcrwife, fuch defendant or defendants fhall have double cofts to him or them awarded againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XLII. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That this aft, or any of the provifions therein contained, may be altered, varied, or repealed by any aft or afts to be paffed in this prefent fefiion of parliament.

XLIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the inhabitants of any parifh, townfhip, or nefles thou h P^ace>	deemed	and taken to be competent witneffes for

part of the ° PurP°fe of proving the commiftion of any offence againft this penalty be aft, within the limits of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, not-withftanding any part of the penalty, incurred by fuch offence, is given or applicable to the poor of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place.

XLXV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft fhall have continuance until the firft day of 'January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, and no longer.

This act may be altered or repealed in the prefent fefiion.

Parifhioners may be wit-

given to the poor of the parifh.

Continuance of act.

CAP. V.

An act for the further relief of debtors, with refpedi to the imprifonment of their persons ; and to oblige debtors, who Jhall continue in execution in pnfon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the a£l^ to make discovery of and deliver, upon oath, their efates for their creditors benefit.

[Preamble.]
WHEREAS it may be reafonable to extend the benefits of an aft, pafftd in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his late

32 Geo.2.c.28, majefty	King George the Second, of glorious memory, intituled, An

recited.	act for	relief of debtors, with refpeft to the imprifonment of their

perfons; and to oblige debtors, who fhall continue in execution in prifon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the aft, to make difeovery of, and deliver, upon oath, their eftates for their creditors benefit, to feveralperfons who have neglsfted or fhall negleft to take the benefit of the fame, within

the

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5;	25

the time limited in the faid aft, and alfo to feveral perfons. who were not entitled to any benefit under the faid aft: be it therefore enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, apd by the authority of the fame,

That, from and after the pacing of this aft, every person now or Perfonscharg-hereafter in execution for any fum or fums of money not exceed- ed *n-exe_cu* ing three hundred pounds fhall be entitled to fuch relief as by an ^o^exceeding’ a£t, palled in the thirty-fecond year of his late majefty King J00[t to be en-George the Second, intituled, An aft for relief of debtors, with re~ titled to the fpeft to the imprifonment of their perfons; and to oblige debtors, who	re~

Jhall continue in execution in prifon beyond a certain time, and for CI e a • fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the atI, to make difeovery of and deliver, upon oath, their efates for their creditors benefit, is granted to persons charged in execution for any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred pounds.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons now

every person now in execution for any fum or fums of money	exl.

exceeding the fum of one hundred pounds, and not exceeding ceeding 100L the fum of three hundred pounds, fhall be entitled to fuch relief, and not ex-notwithftanding the time limited by the faid a<51 for fuch person ceding 300}. to apply is or may be expired, provided fuch person fhall make ^tio^before" fuch application at any time before the end of Eafter term next, the end of

Eafter term, entitled to like relief.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Debtors in

every creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or ad- execution for miniftrators, at whofe fuit any debtor fhall be charged in execu- fums not ex-tion for any fum or fums not exceeding the fum of three hundred	com*

pounds, fhall have fuch remedy, by compelling fuch debtor to tod™ deliver up his or her eftate and effefts for the benefit of his or liver up their her creditors, as is provided by the before recited aft, in cafes effects, v/fiere the fum for which fuch debtor fhall be in execution does

not exceed the fum of one hundred pounds.

IV.	And whereas many persons are often committed on attachments, for not paying money awarded to be paid under jubmijfions to arbitration by rules of court, or under fubmijfions to arbitration bonds, and which fubmijfions have been made rules of the court, in purfuance of an aft, pafjed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign tf/'William the Third, for determining differe?ices by arbitration, and likcwij'e for not paying of cofls, duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpofe, and alfo upon any writ ^Excommunicato Capiendo, cr other proccfs for or grounded on the nonpayment of cofls or expejices in any caufe or proceeding in

any ecelefiaffical court; it is hereby declared and enafted, That all Perfons com-fuch persons are and fhall be entitled to the benefit of this a<51, and fubjeft to the fame terms and conditions as are herein ex- ^	or

preffed and declared with refpeft to prifoners for debt only.	moneyaward-

ed by arbitration, &c. to be entitled to the bene- fit of this a<ft.

V.	And be it further enafted, That where any debtor as afore- Debtors who,

faid fhall have neglefted or fhall negleft to take the benefit of the from igno-faid aft, or of this aft, within the time limited by the faid aft, or	-

this 9

2 6

not taken the benefit of the recited or this adt in time, entitled thereto.

Creditors may-file interrogatories for prisoners to an-Twer.

A<5t net to extend to debts due to the crown, See.

Continuance pf ad.

Annoregni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6—8. [1793V

this aft, and {hall make it appear to the court out of which fuch execution iflued, that fuch negleft arofe from ignorance or mif-take, fuch debtor fhall then be entitled to take the benefit of the raid aft, or of this aft, as if he or file had taken the fame within the time by the faid aft, or this aft, fo limited as aforefaid: provided always, That it fhali be lawful for any creditor or creditors, at whofe fuit any debtor fhall be fo in execution as aforefaid, to file interrogatories for the examination of fuch prifoner, before his or her being admitted to take the benefit of this or the before-recited aft: provided always, That this aft fhall not extend to any debt or debts that may be owing, to the crown, nor fhall it affeft any proceeding which at any time may be lawfully had under or by virtue of an/commiflion of bankrupt: provided alfo. That this aft, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland: provided alfo. That this aft fhall continue and be in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and

no longer.

CAP. VI.

Preamble.

The families ot militia men chofen bylot, ordered to march on a<5hial fervice, to receive a weekly allowance out of the poor rates, to be re-

An a& for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore.

CAP. Vlf.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three.—4s. in the pound, in England to raife 1,989,673!. 7s. iod. iq. in Scotland, 47>954h is. ad.—Total 2,037,6271. 9s. od. iq.

CAP. VIII.

An acl to provide for the families of perjons chofen by lot to ferve in the militia of this kingdom, and of fubfitutes ferving thereinand to explain and amend an aft of parliament paffed in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft far amending, and reducing into one a£t of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the families of perfotis chofen by lot to Jcrve in the militia, as well as the families of corporals, drum-mers, and fifers, and of fubfitutes, hired men, or volunteers ferving therein, when embodied and called out in actual fervice, and ordered to march, ?nay become chargeable to the parifloes wbereunto they belong: and whereas no provifon is made for fuch families: be it* therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any person who fhall have been or fhall be chofen by lot to ferve in the militia, or any corporal, drummer, or fifer, ferving therein, fhall, when embodied and called out into aftual fervice, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to fupport themfelves, the overfeer or overfeers of the poor of the parifh, tithing, or townfhip, where the family of fuch militia man fhall dwell, fhall, by order of fome one juftice of the peace, out of the rates for the relief of the poor of fuch parifh, tithing, or townfh'ip, pay to fuch family a weekly allowance

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii Ilf. c. 8.	27

ance according to the ufual and ordinary price of labour in huf- imburfed	out

bandry within the faid county, riding, divifion, diftricft, or place,	count/

where fuch family (hall dwell, by the following rule; that is to fay, any fum not exceeding the price of one day’s fuch labour, nor lefs thamone (hilling, for each and every child born in wedlock and under the age of ten years; and for the wife of fuch militia man, whether (he (hall or (hall or not have any child or children, and provided (he does not follow the regiment, any fum not exceeding the price of one day’s fuch labour, nor lefs than one (hilling ; and in every pari(h, tithing, or townfhip, where the money arifing by fuch rates (hall not be fufficient for the purpofe afore-faid, a new rate or rates (hall be made for raifing a fum fufficient for that purpofe; and every fuch weekly allowance (hall be forthwith reimburfed to the overfeer or overfeers of fuch pariffi, tithing, or townfhip, by the treafurer of the county, riding, or place where fuch pariffi, tithing, or townffiip (hall be fituate, out of the publick ftock of fuch county, riding, or place.

II.	.Provided always, and be it enadled, That the treafurer of County trea- ] any county, riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, or place, within ^rfin^fbch the part of Great Britain aforefaid, who (hall, after the palling of weekly allow-this a£l, reimburfe to any overfeer or overfeers of the poor of any ces to farch-parifh, tithing, townfhip, hamlet, or vill, any fui* or fums of hcs °f militia money in purfuance of the dire&ions of this a<51, on account of

the weekly allowance to the family of any of the persons afore- places than

faid, ferving in the militia of any county, riding, city, town, where the fa-

liberty, divifion, or place, other than the county, riding, city, mil tes re fide,

town, liberty, divifion, or place where fuch family fhall dwell, a°counTto*h»

(hall deliver or tranfmit an account of fuch money as he (hall have treafurer of

fo reimburfed as aforefaid, figned by one or more juftice or juf- the county

tices of the peace for the county, riding, city, town, liberty, divi- wheretheper-

fion or place, where fuch family fhall dwell, to the treafurer of .	r	.	v,	t- • r	i	•	,	who lhail pay

the county, riding, city, town, liberty, divilion or place, in the the fame.

militia whereof fuch person (hall ferve; and thereupon the treafurer to whom fuch account (hall have been delivered or transmitted as aforefaid, (hall and is hereby required to pay to the trea-iurer who (hall have fo delivered or tranfmitted luch account, the . fum or fums fo by him reimburfed to fuch overfeer or overfeers, and fhall be allowed the fame in his accounts.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Jufticesorder-

if the family of any lubftitute, hired man, or volunteer, ferving in f^nidie^of0 the militia, when embodied and called out into adtual lervice, fuftitutes, not and ordered to march, (hall hecome chargeable to the parifh ferving for the wherein fuch family fhall dwell, and fuch fubftitute fhall not ferve parifheswhere for the fame pariffi, it fhall be lawful for the juftice of the peace ^ell^™dfS who (hall make any order for the relief of fuch family, at the fame re6taVeim-time to diredf the overfeers of the pariffi for which fuch fubftitute burfementby fhall ferve to reimburfe the money fo paid to the overfeer or over- the overfeers feers who fhall have advanced the fame, in purfuance of the or-	^the

der before mentioned, if fuch pariffi (hall be fituated within the fubftitute& fame county; and if fuch pariffi fhall be fitutated in any other ferve. county, the faid juftice ffiail caufe the fame to be reimburfed in manner herein-after mentioned.

IV.Tro-

Hosted by C.00

28	AnnoregnitriceGmo	tertioGEORGii	III. c. 8. [1793*

Allowances to IV. Provided always. That the refpe&ive allowances which familiestnotto may	made as aforefaid to the families of corporals, drummers,

to be fent to anc* fifers, and of persons fo chofen by lot as aforefaid, or of fub-workhoufes, ftitutes, hired men, or volunteers, {hall not occafion fuch fami-nor to deprive lies to be removeable or compelled to be ferit to any workhoufe of thdHe^l °r Poor^ou^e> nor Ihall fuch fubftitutes, or fuch drummers and fettlement, or fifers> or persons fo chofen by lot, be thereby deprived of their

their right of voting for members of parliament. Monies advanced by overfeers of

certificate of the order of the juft ices allowing the relief, &c.

legal fettlements elfewhere, nor of their right of voting for the election of members to ferve in parliament.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the fubftitute whofe family fhall be relieved as aforefaid, fhall ferve for any parifh fituate in another county, the monies advanced by the overfeers of the parifh, townfhip, or place where the

tbe^	dwell,	ftiall he repaid them out of the county ftock, by

dwell of fub- treafurer of the county to which the parifh, townfhip, or place ftitutes fer- fhall belong, on producing a certificate of the order of the juftice ving for pla- allowing fuch relief, (which certificate fuch juftice is hereby re-other count clu^red to grant accordingly), and the treafurer who fhall fo repay ' to be repaid on hich overfeer fhall tranfmit fuch certificate, and alfo an account producing a of all monies fo repaid by him from time to time quarterly to the treafurer of the county, riding, or place, in the militia whereof fuch fubftitute fhall ferve; and the treafurer to whom the fame fhall have been fo tranfmitted fhall forthwith reimburfe the fame to the treafurer from whom the faid account was received, which account fo received and reimburfed fhall be laid before the juf-tices of the peace at their next general or quarter feffions which fhall be held for fuch county, riding, or place, for their allowance thereof, and the faid juftices fhall, and they are hereby required to allow the fame accordingly, and forthwith to make an order for the overfeers of the poor of the parifh, townfhip, or place for which fuch fubftitute fhall ferve, to make good the fame to the treafurer of the county out of the poor rates of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place; and all payments fo made by fuch treafurer or treafurers, overfeer or overfeers, in purfuance of fuch order or orders of fuch juftice or juftices, fhall be allowed and pafTed in their refpedlive accounts, in like manner as other expences incurred on account of the militia are by law now directed to be pafied and allowed.

VI.	Provided always. That in all places having peculiar jurisdictions, and not contributing to the county, fuch account fhall be made over to the treafurer^ receiver, or other public officer, belonging to fuch peculiar jurisdiction, to be by him reimburfed, accounted for and allowed, in manner aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral allowances which fhall have been made between the firft day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and the fourth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and

In placeshaving peculiar jurisdictions accounts to be made over to the treafurer thereof. Allowances made between December j, 2792, and

March,*, 1793, ninety-three, to the wives and families of any fuch person fo buKedasthofe chofen by lot, or of fuch corporal, drummer, or fifer, or of fuch authorized by fubftitute as aforefaid, by any order, recommendation, or other this a ft, and a£t of any juftice or juftices of the peace, or by the payment of

any

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

*793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III* c. 8.	29

&ny parifh officer, or other person ufually paying the poor of any where not parifh or place, fhall be reimburfed to fuch persons as (hall have paid fuch allowances in like manner as is herein-before direfted where made in to be done, with refpeft to the like payments authorifed and re- part to be quired to be made by virtue of this aft; and that in all cafes completed* where no fuch allowance has been made to fuch wives and families as aforefaid, or where fuch allowances have been made only in part, it is hereby directed and required that the fame allowances, or fuch part thereof as fhall remain unpaid, fhall be made to or for the benefit of fuch wives and children, in like manner as if the provifions of this a6b had been in force previous to the laid fir ft day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That within the In Exeter the

city and county of the city of Exeter, all allowances to be made	^

by virtue of this aft, to the families of persons ferving in the treafurer of militia, fhall be paid by the treafurer or treafurers of the corpo- the corpora-ration of the governor, deputy governor, affiftants, and guar- tion of the dians of the poor of the city and county of Exeter, and that the Poor>

fame fhall be afcertained, affeffed, raifed, collefted, and levied, by fuch and the fame ways and means as the money raifed for the relief of the poor within the faid city and county is, by virtue of the feveral afts of parliament now in force for the relief of the poor within the faid city and county, or any or either of them, direfted to be raifed; and it fhall and may be lawful for the feveral persons authorifed to put the faid afts in execution, to caufe to be raifed and levied fuch fum or fums as fhall be neceflary for that purpofe, over and above what they are already authorifed to raife for the relief of the poor of the faid city and county; and all and every person and persons who are by the faid afts, or either of them, required to do any aft, matter, or thing, for the afcertaining, affeffing, confirming, or altering, of afleffments, col-' kfting and levying the fums thereby direfted to be raifed for the relief of the poor, are hereby required and authorifed to do all fuch and the like afts, matters, and things for the afcertaining, afTeffing, confirming, or altering afleffments, collefting and levying the money hereby direfted to be raifed, and fhall be -fiftyeft to all fuch forfeitures and penalties in cafe of their negleft or refufal to perform the fame, as are impofed for offences of the like nature by the above-mentioned afts, or either of them, and alfo in the fame manner, and by the fame ways and means, to raife and levy, or caufe to be raifed and levied, fuch further fum and fums of money as fhall have been advanced and paid by the treafurer of the corporation of the poor, for the maintenance of fuch wives and families, and fhall caufe the lame to be repaid to the treafurer of the faid corporation.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That all monies to be levied All. monies to by parifh rates to be made within the city and county of the city of be by Briftol by virtue of this aft, fhall be paid, afcertained, affefied, rail- Brifto^by*

\ ed, collected, levied and repaid in fuch manner and by fuch and the virtue of this

1 fame ways and means as are preferibed to be obferved in railing mo- att, to be

nT*y raifed as pre-

 

3°

fcribed by the a<5ts for raif-ing poor’s rates, &c.

26 Geo. 3. c, 107, claufe ioz, recited*

Anfto regrii tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. [1793/

ney for the relief of the poor, within the faid city and county of the city of Briftol, by virtue of any adt or adts of parliament relating thereto; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the feverai persons authorifed to put the faid adts in execution, to caufe to be raifed and levied fuch fum or fums, over and above what they are already authorifed to raife for the relief of the poor of the faid city and county, and alfo in the fame manner and by the fame ways and means to raife and levy, or caufe to be raifed and levied, fuch further fum and fums of money as fhall have been advanced and paid by the treafhrer of the corporation of the poor, and fhall caufe the fame to be repaid to the treafurer of the faid corporation ; and that all and every person and persons who are by the faid adls, any or either of them, required to do any adt, matter, or thing, for the afcer-' taining, afiefiing, confirming, or altering of afiefiments, collecting and levying the fums thereby diredted to be raifed for the relief of the poor, are hereby required and authorifed to do all fuch and the like adts, matters, and things, for the afcertaining, afiefiing, confirming, or altering afiefiments, colledting and levying the money hereby directed to be raifed, and fhall be fubjedt to all fuch forfeitures and penalties, in cafe of their negledt or refufal to perform the fame, as are impofed for offences of the like nature by the above-mentioned adts, any or either of them.

X.	And whereas by an ati pa [fed. in the twenty-fxth year of his prefent Majeftfs reign (intituled, An adt for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England), it is thereby^ amongfl other things, cnaffed, Tdhat in cafe the term of fervice of any person fo ballottcd and enrolled for any regiment of militia (as is provided for by the faid a£i) fhall be prolonged in manner in and by the faid adt directed in that behalf beyond the term of five years, then and in finch cafe the receiver general of the land tax for the county, ridings or place to which fuch militia man fhall belongs fhall, and he is thereby required, forthwith to pay to the captain, or other commanding officer of each company rcfpeflively, the fum of one guinea for every person whofe term of fervice fijall be fo prolonged, and in cafe fuch term fhall be prolonged for more than three years, then, at the expiration of three years, he fhall pay the like further Jum of one guinea for every person whofe term fhall be fo further prolonged, and Jhall in like manner, at the expiration of every aeU ditional term cf three years, pay the like further fum of one guinea, (all which money fo paid by the receiver general Jhall be allowed hint in his account ), and the money fo received by any captain or commanding officer (or fo much thereof as fuch captain or commanding officer fhcdl think proper) fhall be laid out in the tnanner he fhall think mofl advantageous for each refpedlive militia man, and fuch captain or commanding officer jhall from time to time account to fuch jnilitia mail how the faid (urn or fums have been applied or difpofed of and jhall, before any juch militia man receives his dijcharge, pay over to him the remainder of the faid money, if any, zuhich fhall not have been fo applied\ dijpojid of and accounted for : now, be it enadted

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III* c. 8*	31

by the authority aforefaid, That the above recited claufe fhall be. Recited claufe and the fame.is hereby repealed; any thing in the faid recited repealed. aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That' Bounties tobe in cafe the term of fervice of any person who fhall have been fo ^n/chofen^ chofen by lot, and enrolled to ferve in the militia, as in the faid by lot, whofe recited aft is provided in that behalf, fhall be prolonged in the terms offer-manner direfted in and by the faid recited aft, beyond the term vice are proof five years, then and in fuch cafe the receiver-general of the lon£e

land tax for the county, riding or place to which the person fo chofen by lot, and inrolled, fhall belong, fhall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the captain, or other commanding officer of each company, refpeftively, the fum of one guinea for every person whofe time of fervice fhall be fo prolonged, and fhall in like manner, fo often as the term of fervice of any person fo chofen by lot and inrolled to ferve in the militia fhall be prolonged as aforefaid, pay the like further fum of one guinea,

(all which money fo paid by the receiver general fhall be allowed him in his account), and the money fo received by any captain or commanding officer (or fo much thereof as fuch captain or commanding officer fhall think proper) fhall be laid out in the manner he fhall think moft advantageous for each refpeftive person fo chofen by lot and enrolled as aforefaid ; and fuch captain or commanding officer fhall from time to time account to fuch person how the faid fum or fums have been applied and difpofed of, and fhall, before any fuch person receives his difcharge, pay over to him the remainder of the faid money, if any, which fhall not,have been fo applied, difpofed of, and accounted for.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That in cafe the term of fervice of any fubftitute, hired man. Bounties to be

or volunteer ferving in the militia fhall continue beyond the term paid to fubfti-

of five years, then and in fuch cafe the receiver-general of the fut^S5 or vo‘ j *	#	o	^	lunteers

land tax for the county, riding, or place to which fuch fubftitute, whofe terms

hired man, or volunteer fhall belong, fhall, and he is hereby re- of fervice are quired forthwith to pay to the captain, or other commanding prolonged, officer of each company refpeftively, the fum of one guinea for . every fubftitute, hired man, or volunteer, whofe term of fervice (hall fo continue; and in cafe fuch term fhall fo continue for more than three years beyond the faid term of five years, then, at the expiration of the faid three years, he fhall pay the like further fum of one guinea for every fubftitute, hired man, or volunteer, whofe term fhall fo further continue, and in like manner, at the expiration of every additional term of three years, pay the like further fum of one guinea, (all which money fo paid by the receiver-general fhall be allowed him in his account), and the money fo received by any captain or commanding officer (or fo much thereof as luch captain or commanding officer fhall think proper) fhall be laid out in the manner he fhall think moft advantageous for each refpeftive fubftitute, hired man, or volunteer; and fuch captain or commanding officer fhall, from time to time, account to fuch fubftitute, hired man, q$ volunteer,

o	how

32 Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeorGII III. c. 9—13. [1793.

ho\v the faid fum or fums have been applied and difpofed of, and fhall, before any fuch fubftitute, hired man, or volunteer, receives his difcharge, pay over to him the remainder of the faid money, if any, which lhall not have been fo applied, difpofed of, and accounted for.

CAP. IX.

An adt for punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.—Number of forces a/,289, including 3,988 invalids.

CAP. X.

An adt to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubjedts of his Majefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the terri-v	tories	belonging to the United States of America, fo far as the fame re -

late to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid United States.— Continued until April 5, 1794.

CAP. XI.

An adt for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feVeti hundred and ninety three.—1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued until June 24, 1794.

CAP. XII.

An act to indemnify fuch persons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes ; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations and borough towns, whofe ad miffion shave been omitted to be {tamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miftaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiflions duly ftamped ; to give further time to fuch persons as have omitted to make and tile affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and fcllicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to franimif deferiptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpofe.

CAP. XIII.

An aft to preve?it afts of parliament from taking ejfeft from a time prior to the pajfng thereof

Preamble/

Clerk of the parliaments to endorfe on every adl the time it receives the royal ailcnt Which {hall be its com-

HERE AS every aft of parli a ment^ in which the commencement thereof is not direfted to he from a fpecifick time, doth commence from the firjl day of the fejfion of parliament in which fuch aft is pajfed: and whereas the fame is liable to produce great and manfeft injujlice \ for remedy whereof, be it enadted ; and it is hereby enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty,. by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the clerk of the parliaments fhall en-dorfe (in Englijb) on every adt of parliament, which (hall pals after the eighth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, immediately after the title of fuch adt, the day, month, and year, when the fame fhall have palled, and fhall have

received

T793*] Anno regni tricesimo tercio Georgii III. c. 14, 1

received the royal affent; and fuch endorfement fhall be taken to be a part of fuch act, and to be the date of its commencement where no other commencement fhall be therein provided.

CAP. XIV.

An ad to enable the Royal Exchange Aflurance Companies, and their fuc-ceflfors, to grant, purehafe, and fell annuities upon or for lives.

Ad 6 Geo. t. c. 18. and charter, June 22, 1720. granted to the Royal Exchange Aflurance for infuring fhips at fea and going to lea, and for lending money on bottomry, and charter, April 29, 172,1, recited. The Royal Exchange Affurance for infuring fhip?, and The Royal Exchange Aflurance for infuring houfes and goods from fire, authorifed to grant, fell, Sec, annuities for lives or on furvivorfhip. Impowered to make bye laws. Corporations may affume the name of “ The Royal Exchange Affurance Annuity Company/’ for the purpofes of this ad only, and have a common feal. Power to receive money fubfcribed for the pur-chafe of annuities, and to hold land charged with annuities purchafed without licence in mortmain. Capital for fecuring annuities. When 1000I. is paid, to be laid out in the publick funds Certificates of the deaths of annuitants to be lodged in the office, with an account of the fums paid for the annuities, and notice of deaths to be inferted twice in the London Gazette, Sec. Tne corporations may fell annuities difeharged by releafe or furrender. Tables of the rates of annuities to be hung up in the office, and agreements for annuities to be made conformable thereto. In cafe annuity unpaid for fix months after demand and notice, and fuch annuity and all arrears not paid or tendered to be paid within fix months, the annuitant intitled to the original fum paid. Annuities granted, fold or purchafed, to be deemed perfonal eftate, and may be difpofed of as fuch, and affignees enabled to fue for the fame in their own names. General ilfue. Forging the feal felony, and fubjed to tranfportation. Publick ad.

CAP. XV.

An ad to enable the governor and company of the bank of England, to purehafe certain houfes and ground contiguous to the bank of England.

Ads 4 Geo. 3. c. 49 — 5 Geo. 3. c. 91. — 6 Geo. 3. c. 76. and 21 Geo. 3. c. 71. recited. Governor and company impowered to treat for ground and houfes near the bank. Materials of the feveral houfes pulled down veiled in the bank. Power to bodies politick, Sec. to agree for the fide of houfes, lands, &c. but in cafe they refufe, the flierifFs of London may fummon a jury, whofe verdid is to be binding. Upon payment of purehafe money, proper conveyances to be made. And in cafe of defeds of title, difputes, Sec. purehafe money to be paid into the bank, in accountant general’s name, fubjed to the diredion of the court of chancery. Proceedings of the court of mayor and aldermen, to be entered in bookstand deemed records. Upon payment of the purehafe money, lands. Sec. veiled in the governor and company of the bank of England. In cafe of a feme covert, purehafe money to be paid to fuch person as Hie fhall di-red, in trull, to be reinvefted in another purehafe to the fame ufes. In cafe the perl'ons in polfellion be not intitled to the inheritance, purehafe money to be paid in the accountant general's name into the bank, fubjed to the order of the court of chancery. Purehafe money belonging to bodies politick, &c. to be reinvefted in the purehafe of lands, &c. and in the mean time laid out at intereft on government fecurity. Bodies politick, Sec. may advance a further fum not exceeding one thoufand pounds for the purehafe of lands, Sec. Bargains and fales inrolled in the huftings of the city of London, to be as effedual as fines and recoveries. .Claims to be made and profecuted within five years, or the right barred, but may recover againft the perl'ons receiving the purehafe money. Tenants at will to deliver polfellion on fix months notice, and leflees to deliver pof-feffion on September 29, -1793, on iatisfadion being made. Mortgages on payment of principal and intereft to convey, and in cafe of refufal intereft Vol. XXXIX.	D	to

5*	33

mencement, where no other is provided.

 

Anno regal tricesimo tertio Georgii IIT. c. i —19. [1793.

to ceafe. Upon payment of mortgage money into the bank, right in premites to veft in the governor and company. After tender of purchafe money, in cafe of refufal to accept the fame, premifes may be pulled down. Ten pounds penalty on fheriffs, &c. making default. The governor and company to make a recompence for tythes, and to pay all taxes for the houfes pulled down, See. Power to take up and alter pavements, See. in Lothbury, Prince’s Street and Bartholomew Lane, and the bank not liable to future repairs. Directions for preventing annoyances, Sec. in Loth-bury, from Prince’s Street to Bartholomew Lane, and not Ids than ten lhillings, nor more than twenty fhillings penalty. Committee may be appointed to carry this act into execution. Limitation of adions. General Blue. Treble colts. Publick ad.

CAP. XVI.

An ad for effedually carrying into execution an ad of parliament of the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making a navigable canal from the town of Balingltoke, in the county of Southampton, to communicate with the river Wey, in the parifh of Chertley, in the county of Surrey, and to the fouth eaft fide of the turnpike road, in the parilli of Turgifs, in the faid county of Southampton.

The company of proprietors impowered to raife money upon loans, or by annuities. Money railed, not to exceed 6o,oool. Expeuces of the ad to be paid by the company. Publick ad*

CAP. XVII.

An ad for railing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three.— [April 30, 1793-]

Commilfioners of the treafury may raife a,ooo,oeol. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1794? in like manner as is preferibed by the malt ad of this feflion, concerning loans. Sec. The claufes, &c. in the faid ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo iffued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1794. Adion not to lie for fuch refufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of the next fupplies ; and if fufficieirt fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1794, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo iffued to be replaced out of the fil’d fupplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the laid fum on the credit of this ad ; an ad 5 & 6 Gul. Sz Marias notwithdanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An ad for raifing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice ot the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three.— [April 30, 1793-]

Commiflioners of the treafury may raife a,ooo,oool. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1794, in manner as by the malt ad of this feflion is prelcribed, &c. The claufes in the faid ad relating to loans or bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills lb il!ued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1794. Adion not to lie for fuch refufal. Money fo railed to be repaid <*ut of the next parliamentary aid ; and if fufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1794, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo Blued to be replaced out of the firfl fupplies. Bank of England autho-rifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this ad j an ad 5 & 6 Gul. Sz Marias notvvithftanding.

CAP. XIX.

An ad for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, iii that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning

the

 

tjgS'hAnno regni. tricell mo tertio Georgii III. c. 20, 21.

the twenty-fifth day of March one thonfand feven hundred and ninety-three ; and for making provifion for adjutants who have ferved a certain time in the militia.—[April 30, 1793.]

XVIII. And whereas persons appointed to a51 as adjutants in the militia, may by age or infirmity be rendered incapable of doing the duty thereof, and it is expedient that fome provifion Jhould be ?nade for them in confideration of their former J'ervices, be it ena6ted by the authority aforefaid, That if. any adjutant of militia, who fhall have ferved faithfully, either in his Majefty’s regular forces or in the militia, for the full term of thirty years in the whole, fhall, by age or infirmity, be rendered unfit for further fervice, he fhall, on producing to the receiver-general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place to which.fuch militia fhall belong, a certificate of fuch fervice of thirty years, as aforefaid, from the commanding officer of the different corps to which he (hall have belonged, be intitied to receive, and the receiver-general of the land tax (hall be, and he is hereby authorifed and required to pay to fuch person producing fuch certificate as aforefaid, an allowance at the rate of fix (hillings per day : provided always. That no person dial I be intitied to receive fuch allowance, as aforefaid, who fhall have ferved for a lefs term than fifteen years in the militia, or who fhall hold any office or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majelty.

CAP. XX.

An aft for effectually carrying into execution an aft of parliament of the thirtieth year of his prelent Majelty, for making and maintaining a navigable communication between Stowmarket and Ipiwich, in the county of Suffolk.

Aft 30 Geo. 3. c. 57. recited. Power to raife 15,000!. upon loan or by annuities. Truftees to pay the expences of this aft. Publick aft.

CAP. XXI.

An a ft to enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Manchelter, to or near Alhton under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the faid canal from a place called Clayton Demefne, in the townlhip of Droyllden, in the parilh of Manchelter aforefaid, to a place in the turnpike road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchelter and Stockport, oppofite to the houfe known by the lign of the Three Boars Heads; and from or nearly from a place called Taylor’s Barn, in the townlhip of Reddilh, to Denton, at a place called Beat Bank, adjoining the turnpike road, leading between Stockport and Alhton under Lyne; and alio from the intended Aqueduft Bridge, at or near a place called Waterhoufcs, in the parilh of Alhton under Lyne aforefaid, to a place called Stake Leach, at Hollinwood, in the townlhip of Oldham aforefaid.

Aft 32 Geo. 3. c. 84. recited. Power for the company of proprietors to make extenhons, and powers of the former aft extended to this. Two plans and book of reference lhatl be tigned by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, which are to be evidence in all courts of law. Sec, Not fo deviate more than one hundred yards from the line laid down in the plan.

Houfes, gardens, Sec. not to be injured that were (landing On the tirft of January, 1793. Power to divert a road in Gorton. A culvert and trunk to be laid under the canal from Gorton and Debdale Brooks. Proprietors may raife 30,000b amongfl therafelves,to be divided into iool. Ifiaies, and deemed perfonal eftate. Sublcribers dying before (hares completed, exe-

D %	'	outers

cutors may complete, and in cafe of refufal or want of affets, proprietors may appoint others. Rates of tonnage to be the fame as in the former a6t. Payment of wharfage. Rates may be altered. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, Sec. in the lame proportion as adjoining lands. To compel payment of fubferiptions. Power to make rollers or inclined planes, &c. Majority of the proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. This adt and the a£t 32 Geo. 3. c. 84. confolidated. Proprietors to pay the expence of this adt. Pub-lick adt.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for granting to his Majejly the fan of two hundred thoufand pounds, to be ijfued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the com-mifjioners for the reduction of the national debt. — [April 30,

1793d

Preamble

Moft gracious Sovereign,

E, your Majefty’s moft: dutiful commons of Great Britain,

and loyal fubjebts, the in parliament aftembled, having granted to your Majefty the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, to be iftued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commiftioners for the reduction of the national debt; do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, behlued'atthe anc^	auth°rRy	of	the	lame,	That,	out	of	any	monies	granted

exchequer, by Nov. 1, 1793, to the bank, to be placed to the account

for the fupply of the prefent year, there fhall be iftued and paid at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, on or before the fir ft: day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds to the governor and of the com-	company of the bank of England, and fhall by them be placed to

millioners ap- the account of the commiftioners appointed by an a61 of the pointed by 26 twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for applying certain Geo. 3.C. 31. fums 0f money annually to the reduction of the national debt;

and that all fuch monies fhall be applied by the laid commiftioners towards the reduction of the national debt in the manner hereinafter directed, and to no other, intent or purpofe, and in no other manner whatever.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid principal lum or l'ums of money, not exceeding two

Commiffion-ers to apply

chafing re- hundred thoufand pounds, which are hereby direbted to be placed cieemable

publick annuities.

to the account of the faid commiftioners, fhall be applied by the faid commiftioners, and they are hereby authorifed and required to apply the fame in payment for the purchafe of fuch redeemable publick annuities as fhall be below par, if any, and if there fhall be no fuch publick annuities below par^ then to die purchafe of any fuch publick annuities at or above par, in the following manner : that is to lay, That all fuch fums of money, not exceeding two hundred thoufand pounds fo to be applied, which fhall -have been placed to the account of the faid commiftioners, on

or



1793.] Anno regni tricesimo fertio Georgii III. c. 22.	37

or before the firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, {hall be applied, over and above the fums applicable by virtue of the faid herein-before mentioned a ft of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, to the purchafe of fuch annuities in equal portions as nearly as may be, on every day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the fame fhall be transferable, between the fxrft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and the firft day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four ; and all fuch part of the which {half be principal or capital ftock of fuch publick annuities, as {hall be theft account purchafed by the faid commiffioners by virtue of this aft, fhall be and thedivi-* transferred to the account of the faid commiffioners, in the books dends placed of the governor and company of the bank of England, of the thereto, governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, or of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, reflectively, as the cafe may be ; and that the dividends payable thereon fhall from time to time be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and be placed to the account of the faid commiffioners.

III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That all dividends which fhall from time to time become due Dividends of and payable, in refpeft of the principal or capital ftock of fuch redeemed annuities as fhall be redeemed by virtue of this aft, fhall be iffued oiit'of^ or fet apart out of the confolidated fund, in the fame manner as t^e COnfoli-if fuch principal or capital ftock had not been redeemed, and dated fund, fhall be paid to the faid governor and company of the bank of and applied by England, to be placed to the account of the faid commiffioners, ^onersun'der and the fame fhall from time to time be applied by them under the regula-the like rules and regulations, and in the manner preferibed by tions of 26 the faid aft of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Geo. 3.C. 31. Majefty, with refpeft to the fums redeemed by virtue of the faid aft; and that all 2nd every the rules, methods, regulations, and provifions, which in and by the faid aft of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid, are provided and eftablifhed for applying, managing, or accounting for the fums veiled in the faid commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid aft, fhall be praftifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the applying, managing, and accounting for all fums of money direfted to be placed to the account of the faid commiffioners by virtue of this aft, as fully and effeftually as if the fame had been repeated and re-enafted in this prefent aft*

ds

CAP.

 

CAP. XXIII.

An adt for altering the provifions of an adl, puffed in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for repealing the duties payable for beer and ale above fix (hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duties of excife, and not exceeding eleven (hillings the barrel, exclufive of fuch duties, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, A far as refpedts the quality of table beer brewed by common brewers.—[April 30, 1793.]

WHEREAS by an act, puffed in the iiventy-fecond year of the reign of his pre/eni Majefly, intituled, An act for repealing the duties payable for beer and ale above fix {hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duties of excife, and not exceeding eleven (hillings the barrel, exclufive of fuch duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional duties on coaches and other carriages therein mentioned ; and alfo additional duties onfope made in Great Britain,and upon the produce of the laid additional duties on coaches and other carriages ; and for the better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of excife ; and alfo for appointing the number of commiffioners of excife who may hear caufes depending before them, -relative to the duties on male fervants ; reciting, That beer or ale above fix jhillings a barrel, exclufive of the duties of excife, brewed for fale, is by lava chargeable with the fame duties that are payable for the Jlrongcjl beer or ale Jo brewed for fale ; and the brewing of good table beer of moderate Jlrength is thereby difeouraged; and in order to promote the brewing of good table beer, it is expedient to proportion the duties payable on fuch beer to the quality and real value thereof; it vjas enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoujand jeven hundred and eighty-two, the fever a I rates and duties then payable for beer or ale above fix Jhillings the barrel, exclufive of the duties of excife, and not exceeding eleven Jhillings the bar ref exclufive of fuch duties, commonly called Table Beer, which Jhould at any time or times be brewed by the common brewer in England and Wales, Jhould ceafe and determine, and in lieu and injlead thereof there Jhould thenceforth be raijed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England and Wales, for every barrel of beer or ale above fix Jhillings the barrel, exclufive of' the duties of excife, and not exceeding eleven Jhillings, exclufive of fuch duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the common brewer, and Jo proportionally for a greater or leffer quantity, the fum of three findings, to be paid by Juch common brewer : and whereas beer or ale above eleven findings the barrel, exclufive of the duties of excife, brewed for fale, is by law chargeable with the fame duty as is payable for the Jlrongejl beer or ale fo brewed for J'ale : and whereas it is expedient, in order to anfzver the purpofe of the faid adt, that the common breiver Jhould be permitted to brew for fale table beer of a higher price than eleven findings per barrel, without the Jame being liable to any greater duty than by the J'aid add is impojed on table beer brewed for fale of eleven findings the barrel\ exclufive of the duties of exeije: may it therefore pleafe

your

39

*793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23.

your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enadted by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ateembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That, from and after the palling of this a£f, it fhall and may be Common lawful to and for all common brewers in England and Wales to ^Ttabk^ brew beer or ale above fix {hillings the barrel, exclufive of the beer above duty of excife by law impofed for or in refpedl of fuch beer, and 6S. and, under not exceeding thirteen {hillings	the barrel, exclufive of fuch	duty;,	13s. per bar-

commonly called Tabic Beer, under,	according, and fubiedl: to the	rel» under the-

j #	j	o-'	j	reflations ol

rules, regulations, reftriclions,	and	provifions which are	con-	a£?2»Geo.

tained, provided, fettled, or eftabliftied in and by the laid act c. 68. made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign aforefaid, for common brewers brewing beer or ale above lix {hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duties of excife, and not exceeding eleven fhillings the barrel, exclufive of fuch duties, commonly called Table Beer, and fuch common brewers fo brewing fuch beer or ale above fix {hillings the barrel, and not exceeding thirteen {hillings the barrel, {hall not be chargeable with or liable to pay, for or or in refpect thereof, any greater or higher duty than is impofed by law for or in refpedl of beer or ale above fix {hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duty of excife, and not exceeding eleven {hillings the barrel, exclufive of fuch duty, brewed as aforefaid ; any thing in the faid a61, or in any other adt or adls of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-teanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That The allow-neither the allowance of one {hilling and four pence, which is ancesnot to now payable upon every barrel of beer or ale above fix {hillings ^blel^er^ the barrel, exclufive of the duty by law impofed on fuch beer or above 6s. and ale (and not being beer or ale commonly called Table Beer, brewed under 13s. and made in that part of Great Britain called England, by the Per barrel, common brewer, under, fubjedt, and according to the rules, regulations, retentions, and provifions contained and provided in and by the faid at made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign aforefaid) brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or persons who doth or fhall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, within the cities of London and Wejhnin-Jler, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and returned by the gauger, nor the allowance of one {hilling and eight-pence, which is now payable upon every barrel of beer or ale above fix {hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duty by law impofed on fuch beer or ale (not being twopenny ale mentioned and deferibed in the leventh article of the treaty of union, or fuch table beer as late aforefaid brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or persons who doth or fhall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called England, nor within the laid cities of London and Wefhninjler, nor within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and returned by the gauger, {hall be paid or payable for or in refpedl of fuch beer or ale brewed as aforefaid by any common brewer,

D 4	above

 

Anno regni tricesimo tercio Georgii III. c. 24. [1793.

The drawback not to be granted for table beer above 6s. and tinder 13s. per barrel.

[Regulations of former laws extended to this aft.

above fix (hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duties of excife, and not exceeding thirteen (hillings the barrel, exclufive of fuch duty, commonly called 'Table Beer-, any thing in any a£t or afts of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywile not-withftanding.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the drawback of eight (hillings, which is by law payable for every barrel of beer or ale above fix (hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duty impofed in refpect of fuch beer or ale (and hot being twopenny ale, mentioned and defcribed in the feventh article of the treaty of union, not being fuch beer or ale commonly called Table Beer brewed and made as firft aforefaid), for which the duty by law impofed in refpebt thereof dial I have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, fhall be no longer paid or payable for or in refpebt of fuch beer or ale brewed as aforefaid by any common brewer, above fix (hillings the barrel, exclufive of the duty of excife, and not exceeding thirteen (hillings the barrel, exclufive of fuch duty, commonly called Table Beer; any thing in any abt or abbs of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, regulations, reftric-tions, provisions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which are provided, fettled, or eftablilhed, in and by the faid abt made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or by any other law or laws of excife, fo far as the fame refpebtively relate to common brewers of table beer, above fix (hillings the barrel, and not exceeding eleven (hillings the barrel, or to fuch table beer as lad: aforefaid, or to beer, ale, or other excifeable liquors, or are applicable to the purpofes of this add, and which were in force immediately before the commencement of this abt (except fo far as the fame are expreftly altered or controlled by this abt) fhall be extended and applied to all common brewers of table beer above fix (hillings the barrel, and not exceeding thirteen (hillings the barrel, and to fuch table beer as lad aforefaid, and (hall be prabtifed, ufed, applied, and put in execution, in and for the purpofes of this abt, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, direbtiohs, rules, regulations, reffrictions, provifions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this prefent abt.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for feparating the chapels of Chorley and Rufford from the parifh of Crofton, in the county of Lancafter, and for making them two diftinft parifh churches.

Townfhip of Chorley made a parifh, and feparated from the parifh of Crofton. Tythes of Chorley and great tythes 01 Bretherton, Mawdefley and Bifpham, annexed to Chorley, and imall tythes, See. of Bretherton, Mawdefley and Bifpham to be paid to the incumbent of Crofton. Townfhip of Rufford made a parifh, and feparated from the parifh of Crofton. Tythes of Rufford annexed to Rufford. Doftor Mafter and his heirs to

prefent

 

1793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGii III. c. 25,	2641

prefent to the redories of Chorley and RufFord. Vicar of Crofton dif-charged from all rights, See. belonging to Chorley and RufFord. Parfons of Chorley and Ruiford to' hold all the rights belonging to them. The parfon of Chorley charged with the yearly payment of the fourth part of 45I. 14s. 4d. and the parfon of RufFord with the yearly payment of the fifth part of 45I. 14s. 4d. to his Majeily. Twenty acres of land may be given to the parifhes of Chorley and RufFord for glebe. RufFord intitled to the fame fliare of charities as before pafiing this ad. General faving.

CAP. XXV.

An ad for paving the footpaths, within the borough of Ludlow, in the county of Salop ; and for lighting, watching, and otherwife improving, the faid borough.

CommifTioners. For chufing new commiffioners. CommifFioners to have twenty pounds a year real eftate or perfonal eftate to the amount of eight hundred pounds. Twenty pounds penalty on commiffioners ading while holding any place of profit under the ad, or being victuallers. Fourteen days notice to be given of firft meeting. Adjournments and future meetings. Voting by ballot, if defired. Commiffioners may lue and be fued in the name of their clerk. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Commiffioners to appoint a treafurer, furveyor and clerk. Officers to account.

Footways to be paved. Pavement not to be altered without content of the commiffioners. Pavement, lamps, Sec. veiled in commiffioners. Commiffioners to provide lamps. See. and forty fhillings penalty for wilfully breaking lamps, See. Commiffioners to appoint watchmen. Sign polls, penthoufes, &c. fpouts and gutters to be taken down, and fixed againft houfes. Commiffioners may make contrads. Inhabitants to dean the foot ways before their houfes every Saturday, on penalty of two fhillings and fix-pence for every offence. Commiffioners to appoint fcavengers.

Five fhillings penalty on caufing annoyances in the flreets, or leaving carriages, ruboifh, &c. there. Ten fhillings penalty for leaving flails in the market place, or cellar windows open. Privies to be emptied between eleven at night and five in the morning. Recompence to be made for damage done to water pipes. Commiffioners may purchafe houfes for widening flreets, and in cal'e of difference, a jury to fettle the price, and no inhabitant of Ludlow to be on the jury. How the money allowed foi* damages to be tendered. For paying the expences of the jury. If commiffioners do not purchafe houfes within fix years, owners not afterwards obliged to fell. Purchafe money of houfes belonging to corporations, See. to be laid out in lands. Money fubferibed to be paid to the commiffioners, and applied to pay the expences of this adt and pave foot ways, See. Part of a common, called Whitcliffe, and certain rights upon other lands, agreed to be applied for the purpofes of this adt, and the boundaries of the parifhes on the common to be fixed. Commiffioners may inclofe the lands, and let the fame. Commiffioners may fell or exchange the lands, and lay out the money in purchafe of other lands. Recovery of penalties. Appeal to the quarter feffions, Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiffs not to recover after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, nor removeable by Certiorari. Limitation ot actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Preferving the rights of the corporation of Ludlow. Corporation not exonerated from paving the carriage ways. Saving rights of lords of manors to trees on the common, and to manerial interefls. Publick adt.

CAP. XXVI.

An aSl for the better fupply of mariners and fcamen to ferve in his Ma-jefly's flips of war, and on hoard merchant Jhips, and other trading Jhips and vejfels, during the prefent war.—[April 30, 1793.]

FO R the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Preamble.

Majeffs flips of war, and on board merchant flips, and other trading flips and vejfels, during the prefent war, be it enadied by

the

 

During the war trading ^efTcls may have three-fourths of the crew foreigners.

Act not to re (train the effect of any royal* proclamation, Sc c.

preamble.1

During the prelent war, any refident in Great Britain, fupply-ing or caufing to be!applied,

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 27. [179-3.

the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this act, and during the continuance of this prefent war, and no longer (except in refpedt to fuch merchant (hips and other trading fhips or veflels, which fhall be on their voyage before the determination of the war, who fhall be and are hereby-allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as herein-after is provided), it fhall and may be lawful for any merchant fhip, or other trading fhip or veiled, to be navigated by foreign feamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majefty’s natural or naturalized fubjedts, fo as the number of fuch foreign feamen do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate fuch merchant fhip, or other trading fhip or veftel, and that one fourth at leaf: of the mariners or feamen fo employed be at all times natives, or his Majefty’s naturalized fubjedts of Great Britain, (fudden death and hazard, and cafual-ties of war and the feas, faved and excepted); one act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouraging and cncreafng of Jhipping and navigation, or any other ftatute or law to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained fliall extend to take away or refrain the effect of any fuch royal proclamation as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, are impowered to make by virtue of an act palled in the thirteenth year of his late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An adt for the better fupply of mariners -and feamen to Jerve in his Majefty*s f tps of war.) and on board merchant Jhipsy and other trading Jhips, and privateers.

CAP. XXVII.

An add more effectually to prevent, during the prefent war between Great Britain and France, all traitorous correfpondence withy or aid or affjlance being given to, his Majejly s enemies.—[May 7,

' H E R E A S it is expedient more effectually to prevent traitorous correfpondence with, or aid or affijtame being given toy his Majejly s enemies, during the continuance of the prejent war between Great Britain and France; be it declared and enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, during the continuance of the prefent war between Great Britain and France, if any perfon, refiding or being in Great Britain, fliall knowingly and wilfully, on his own account or credit, or on the account or credit, or by the direction of any other person or persons whomfoever, or wherefoever refident or -being, fell, fupply, or deliver, or fend for the purpofe of being

.fold.

 

I793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 27.	43

fold, fupplied, or delivered, or agree to fell, fupply, or deliver, &c. for the or to fend for the purpofe of being fold, fupplied, or delivered,	to

or {hall, knowingly and wilfully, either on his own account or pr;1Ilcej credit, or on the account or credit, or by the direction of any any of the other person or persons whomfoever, or wherefoever refident or articles here-being, caufe or procure to be fold, fupplied, or delivered, or fent ^CI\vVt for the purpofe of being fold, fupplied, or delivered, or authorife lienee from or diredl any other person whomfoever, or wherefoever refident his Majefty, or being, to fell, fupply, or deliver, or to fend for the purpofe of to be deemed being fold, fupplied, or delivered, or fhall knowingly and wilfully a tiaitor* aid or a/lift in lb felling, fupplying, or delivering, or fending for the purpofe of being to fold, fupplied, or delivered, or in fo au-thorifing or diredling any other person whomfoever, or wherefoever refident or being, to fell, fupply, or deliver, or to fend for the purpofe of being fold, fupplied, or delivered, to or for the ufe of the persons now exereifing, or who may hereafter, during the faid war, exercife the powers of government in France, or to or for the ufe of any armies, troops, fleets, fhips, or vefTels employed or to be employed by the persons exereifing, or who fhall exercife, fuch powers of government as aforefaid, or to or for the ufe of any persons or person refiding or being within any of the dominions of France, j or any town, territory, port, or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exereifing, or who fhall exercife, as aforefaid, the powers of government in France; \or if any person refiding, or being in Great Britain, fhall knowingly and wilfully, during the faid war, buy or procure, or contradl or agree to buy or procure, or caufe to be bought or procured, or authorife or diredl, any other person or persons whomfoever, or wherefoever refiding or being, to buy or procure, or to contradl or agree to buy or procure, or fhalL knowingly and wilfully aid or afiift in buying or procuring, or authoring or directing to be bought or procured, as aforefaid, for the purpofe of being fent into any port or place within the dominions of France, or annexed thereto, or under the government of the persons exereifing, or who fhall exercife as aforefaid, the powers of government in France, any arms, ordnance, ordnance {lores, powder, bullets, pitch, tar, hemp, mails, timber, fail cloth, cordage, coals, or fait petre, or any iron, lead, or copper, whether fuch iron, lead' or copper, fhall be wrought or unwrought, except cutlery ware, not being of the deferiptipn of arms of any fort, and buttons, buckles, needles, japanned wares, toys, and trinkets, alfo excepted ; or any naval or military {lores whatfoever, or any note or bill, notes or bills, of the governor and company of the bank of England., or any gold or filver bullion, or any gold or filver coin, either being coin of this kingdom or of any other country, or any hay, draw, or forage, or any wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley flour, maize, rice ground or unground, oats ground or ungrouud, meal, corn, grain, peafe, beans, potatoes, or any provifions frefh or faked, or other pro-vifions, or vidluals whatfoever, or any cloathing, or any articles or materials of cloathing, intended for the ufe of any fuch ar-

u	mies.

Aft not to extend to difpofing of articles the growth or produce of France, to 'which pcrfons fhall he entitled at the patting this 2Uct, &c.

Any refident in Great Britain, buying any lands, &c. in France, or places annexed thereto, or lending money for that pur-pole, Sec. to fee deemed a iraitor ;

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 27. [1793.

mics, troops, fleets, fliips, or vettels, as aforefaid, fuch persons knowing the fame to be fo intended, or any fadlery, boots, or fhoes, or leather wrought or unwrought, without licence from his Majefty, under his fign manual, or by order in council, or proclamation, fir ft had and obtained, fpecifying the articles with refpeft to which the fame {hall be had and obtained, and alfo the place and places from which and to which the faid articles fhall be fent, every person fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, fhall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a traitor, and (hall fuffer pains of death, and alfo iofe and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon : provided always, That nothing herein before contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fubjeft to any pains or penalties any person for any aft which fhall be done in difpofing of any articles the growth or produce of any lands in France, or in any of the places aforefaid, to which fuch person fhall be entitled at the time of patting this aft, or which fhall afterwards come to fuch person by any other title than fuch as herein-after by this aft is prohibited; or to any aft which fhall be done in difpofing of any of the articles herein before fpecified, which, at the time of patting this aft, were in France, or in any of the places aforefaid.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon, refiding or being in Great Britain, during the continuance of the faid war, fhall knowingly and wilfully, in his own name, or in the name or names of any other or others, buy, or enter into any contraft or agreement to buy, or autho-rife or direft, or caufe any person or persons whomfoever, and

wherefoever refident or being, to buy, or to contraft or agree to buy, any lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property whatfoever, fituate, lying, or being within the dominions of France in Europe, or in any territory or place in Europe annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercifing, or who fhall exercife, the powers of government in France, during the time fuch territory or place fhall be fo annexed, or under fuch government, or any eftate in any fuch lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property whatfoever, or fhall lend or advance, or authorife or direft, or caufe or procure any other person or persons whomfoever, or wherefoever refident or being, to lend or advance, any money, coin, bullion, notes of the bank of England,, or bills of exchange, or other notes or bills, or other valuable thing of any nature or kind foever, for, towards, or an account of the buying of any fuch lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property whatfoever, or any eftate therein, or by way of loan or otherwife, on the fpecifick fecurity of any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property as aforefaid, or any eftate therein, or for or towards or on account of the buying of any fuch fecurity or eftate, or fhall be aiding or attifting in fo buying as aforefaid, or in making, au-thoriiing, direfting, or caufing to be made, any fuch buying,

contraft, agreement, advancement, or loan as aforefaid, every

fuch

Hosted by



I793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 27.	45

fuch person fo offending as aforefaid, being thereof convidled or

attainted by due courfe of law, fhall be deemed, declared, and

adjudged to be a traitor, and fhall fuffer pains of death, and alfo

lofe and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon; and if any perfon, as alfo any

being a fubjedf of his Majefty, and out of his Majefty’s domi- fubjeft of his

nions, fhall in any fuch manner as aforefaid make, or authorife,

direct, procure or caufe to be made, any fuch buying, purchafe, donuni-

contradl, agreement, loan, or advancement as aforefaid, or fhall 0ns, who, on

aid or affift therein, and fhall afterwards voluntarily return or his return to

come to Great Britain, ever} fuch person fo returning, or coming

to Great Britain, being thereof convidfed or attainted by due vj^ted. of fuch

courfe of law, fhall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a offence.

traitor, and fhall fuffer pains of death, and alfo lofe and forfeit,

as in cafes of high treafon.

III.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That Subje61 sgoing if any perfon, being, a fubjedf of his Majefty, fhall, during the continuance of the laid war, without licence from his Majefty, prance wjth-under his lign manual, or by order in council, or proclamation, out his Ma-firft had and obtained (fuch licence to be fubject to no fee or jetty’s licence, charge whatfoever) voluntarily go or repair, or embark in any ^c* J.^ble to veffel with an intent to go or repair, from any place in Great "

Britain into France, or any town or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercifing, or who fhall exercife, the powers of government in France, or, having obtained fuch licence as aforefaid, fhall willingly abide in France, or any fuch town or place as aforefaid, after the time which fhall be fpe-cified in fuch licence, if the fame fhall be granted for a limited time only, or fhall voluntarily go or repair to any town, place, or diftridl in France, or annexed to or under the government of the persons exercifing, or who fhall exercife the powers of government in France, other than fuch towns, places, or diftridts, as fhall be fpecified in fuch licence, if any town, place, or diftridf,. fhall be fpecified therein, every person fo offending, and being thereof convicted, fhall be adjudged to be imprifoned, and fhall be imprifoned for any time not exceeding fix months.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That, Infur.inces. during the continuance of the faid war, if any person refiding or by par-being in	Great Britain	fhall knowingly	and wilfully infure, or	[^Great^Bri-

caufe or	procure to be	infured, ox aid	or affift in infuring, or	tain on ftiips

caufing or procuring to be infured, or authorife or direct any belonging to other person or persons whatfoever, or wherefoever refident or France, or being, to	infure, or to	caufe or procure	to be infured, any fhip	go^g there

or (hips,	goods, wares,	or commodities	whatfoever, belonging	to be void/

to any fubjedt or fubjedts in France, or to any person or persons and the of-under the government of the persons exercifing the powers of fenders liable government in France, on any voyage whatfoever; or any arms, ordnance, ordnance ftores, powder, bullets, pitch, tar, hemp, mafts, timber, fail cloth, cordage, coals, or fait petre ; or any iron, lead, or copper, whether fuch iron, lead, or copper, fhall be wrought or unwrought, except cutlery ware not being of the defeription of arms of any fort, and buttons, buckles, needles,

japanned

 

but not to extend to infurance on goods the growth of Tobago, or on their voyage there, and the property of his Maje-fty’s fubje<5ts.

Juftices of his Majefty’s courts at Weffminfter, Szc. may admit offenders to bail.

Where offences may be laid and tried.

Offenders entitled to the benefit of 7 Will. 3. c. 3. and

Anno regni tricesimo tert’io Georgii III. c. 27. [1793.

japanned wares, toys, and trinkets, alfo excepted 5 or any naval or military ftores whatfoever; or, any gold or filvcr bullion ; or any gold or filvcr coin, either being coin of this kingdom or of any other country; or any hay, ftraw, or forage; or any wheat,-wheat flour, barley, barley flour, maize, rice ground or unground, oats -ground or unground, meal, corn, grain, peafe,. beans, potatoes, or any provifions frefh or falted, or other pro-vifions or victuals whatfoever; or any fadlery, boots or fhoes, or leather wrought or unwrought, on any voyage, from any part.of the world to any port or place in France, or any port or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons ex-ercifing or who (hall exercile the powers of government in jFrance, not only every fuch infurance final] be null and void to all intents and purpofes, but alfo every person fo offending, being thereof convicted, fhall be adjudged to be imprifoned, and fhall be imprifoned for any time not exceeding'three months: provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any infurance on any goods, or any (hare or intereft in any goods, being the natural growth and produce of the illand of Tobago, or being on their voyage to the faid ifland, and which goods, or (hare or intereft in goods, fo infured, fhall at the time of fuch infurance be the property of any fubjedf or fubjedfs of his Majefty.

V.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any person fhall be committed, for any offence againft this adf, to any common gaol or other place, there to remain until delivered by due courfe of law, it fhall and may be lawful for any of the ju(fices of his Majefty’s courts at Wejhninjler, or for any of the barons of the exchequer, being of the degree of the coif, or for the lord juftice clerk, or any of the commiffion-ers of jufticiary in Scotland, if, upon application made, he fhall think it reafonable, to admit fuch person to bail, he or (lie giving fufficient fecurity for his or her appearance to anfwer the matters wherewith he or fhe fhall be charged.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That any offence againft this adf, committed out of this realm, may be alledged, and be laid, inquired of, and tried in any county, {hire,, or ftewartry of this realm, and that any offence againft this adf committed within that part of Great Britain called England, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried in in the county where fuch offence fhall have been committed, or in the county of Midcllefex; and that any offence againft this adf, committed within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried, either before the court of jufticiary at Edinburgh, or in any of the circuit courts in that part of the united kingdom ; and that all and every person or perfons, that fhall at any time be accufed or indidfed, or profecuted for any offence made or declared to be treafon by this adf, fhall be intitled to the benefit of the adt of parliament made in the feventh year of IVilliam the Third, intituled, An aft for regulating of trials in cafes of treafon, and mifprifwn of treafon;

and

Hosted by



1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28.

and alfo of the provillons made by another adl of parliament pa(Ted in the feventh year of Queen Anne, intituled, An adl for improving the union of the Uvo kingdoms.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing herein contained {hall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to any abl which fhall be done in his Majefty’s fervice, by any person or persons who fhall be employed therein, or to any adt which fhall be done in aiding or shifting any fuch persons or person whilft lo employed.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That this abl fhall take place and have commencement on the TVednefday next after the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, as to all abls which fhall be done by any person whatfoever in Great Britain, or which fhall be done in any parts out of Great Britain, by any person who fhall have been in Great Britain at any time after the firft day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and during the continuance of this adl; and fhall take place and have commencement on the firft day of June one thoufand fevdn hundred and ninety-three, as to all abls which fhall be done in any part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any person who fhall not have been in Great Britain between the firft day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three; and fhall take place and have commencement on the firft day of Augifl one* thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, as to all adts which fhall be done in any parts of the world out of Europe, and not beyond the Cape of Good Elope, by any person who fhall not have been in Great Britain between the firft day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three ; and fhall take place and have commencement on the firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, as to all abls which fhall be done in any parts of the world beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any person who fhall not have teen in Great Britain between the firft day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and the firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to repeal, vary, or alter this abl, or any claufe, matter, or thing therein contained, during this prefent fefiion of parliament.

CAP. XXVIIL

An adl for raifmg a certain fum of money, by way of annuities, to he charged on the conjolidated fund; and for making perpetual certain duties of exeije on Britifh Jpirits, and certain duties on the amount of offffed taxes. — [April 30, 1793. J „

* Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, being defirous to raife the necejfary /applies which they have ch ear fully granted to your Majejiy in this fejjion of parliament5

47

7 Ann.c.

A61 not to extend to done in his Majefty’s fervice.

Commencement of abu

Aft may he repealed, or altered in the prefent leilkm-

Preamble,

 

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

Contributors for every 721, to be entitled to the principal fum of iool. 3 per cents, from Jan. 5, 1793.

28. [X793.

vieni, have refolved, That the fum of four millions five hundred thou-fand pounds be raifed by annuities in the manner herein-after mentioned: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it ena£ted by the King’s mofl excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and ' by the authority of the fame, That every contributor towards raifing the faid fum of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds, fhall, for every feventy-two pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal fum of one hundred-pounds in annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, which fhall be added to, and made one joint flock, with the three pounds per centum annuities, confolidated by the acts of the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent acts, and fhall be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, at the fame time and in the fame manner, and fubje£l to the like redemption by parliament, as the faid three pounds per centum confolidated annuities are payable, transferrable and redeemable.

II.	And whereas, purfuant to and upon the terms and conditions exprcffed in the faid refolution, feveral persons have, in books opened at the bank of England that purpofe, fubfcribed together the whole of the faid fum of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds to be raifed by annuities, and made depojits after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the refpettive fans by them fo fubfcribed, with the cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England ; be it therefore further enadted by the authority aforeifaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch contributors who have made fuch de-ma^c^^Sete P°^lts)	caftner	or cafhiers of the governor and company

their fub- °f the bank of England, to advance and pay unto the faid cafhier feriptions at or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England^ the feveral remainders of the fums by them refpedlively fubfcribed, towards the faid fum of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds, at or before the refpedfive days and times appointed in that behalf, after the rates following; that is to fay, After the rate of the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the thirty-firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three ; of the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the nineteenth day of July then next following; of the further fum of ten pounds per centum., on or before the fixteenth day of Augufi then next following; of the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-feventh day of September then next following \ of the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the eighth day of November then next following; of the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the thirteenth day of December then next following; and of the remaining fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fourth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

III. And

Contributors who have

appointed times.

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28.	49

III.	And he it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Guardians ^ it (hall and may be lawful for any guardian or truftee, having the rnfants!^6 difpofition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay.for

or towards advancing the faid ftim of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be railed by annuities in manner afore faid, and fuch infant, upon the payment of fuch fum or fums fubfcribed by fuch guardian or truftee, (hall become a contributor within the meaning of this a£, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in refpedl thereof, in fuch and the like manner as any other contributors; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the laid fum or fums fo advanced, is hereby difcharged, fo as the name of fuch infant be expreffed in the receipt or receipts for fuch money.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Contributors every contributor in refpect of the faid fum of four millions five paying the hundred thoufand pounds, paying in the whole of the fums by whole of their them refpe&ively fubfcribed, at any time on or before the twelfth beforeDecn^, day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, 1793, to be fhall be allowed an intereft, by way of difeount, after the rate of allowed dif-three pounds per centum per annum on the fums fo paid in ad- count% vance, for completing his, her, or their contributions refpec-

tively, from the day of completing the fame* to the twenty-fourth day of ‘January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four; which allowance is to be paid by the faid cafhier or cafhiers out of the monies to be contributed in purfuance of this a£I, as foon as fuch refpetfeive contributors* their executors* adminiftrators, fucceffors and afligns* fhall have completed fuch payment.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Contributors the feveral fubferibers or contributors towards railing the faid for every 72!. fum of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds, their execu- t0 he entitled tors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors and aftigns, fhall, in refpedl of the ^ ^ from^ principal fum of one hundred pounds hereby granted for every jan. 5, 1793. entire fum of feventy-two pounds by him, her, or them refpec- payable half-* tively advanced and paid, am! fo in proportion for any greater or yearly. lefier fum, have and be intitled to an annuity after the rate of

three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of fcJanuary one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, umil redemption thereof by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned, and to be paid or payable to fuch person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, or fuch as he, file, or they fhall appoint, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fuc-cefiors, or aftigns refpedlively; which faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, fhall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions, that is to fay, on the fifth day of January*, and the fifth day of July^ in every year ; the fir lb payment thereof to be due on the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three* but the faid annuities {hall not be payable until the refpe£Uve fubferibers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, fhall have completed the whole of the fums by them fubfcribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

Vol. XXXIX.	E	VI.	Pro-

 

50	Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRgii III. c. 28. [1793.

Contributors VI. Provided always, and be it further enadled by the autho-ceivVannui-6' ritY af°re^a^5 That all and every fuch contributor, his executors, ties, at certain adminiftrators and afligns, who fhall have paid into the hands of times, as they the faid cafhier or cafhiers the whole of his, her, or their contri-r°KT^-ete-	bution money, on or before the fourth day of July	one thoufand

tub cnption8. peven hundred and ninety-three, fhall be intitled	to have and

receive at the bank of England the half year’s annuity that fhall become due on the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three; and that all and every person and persons who fhall not have completed the whole	of their faid

payments on or before the faid fourth day of July	one thoufand

feven hundred and ninety-three, but fhall have completed the fame on or before the fourth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, fhall receive the faid half year’s annuity fo due, on the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, at the fame time and together with the fubfequent half year’s annuity that will become due and payable on the fifth of day January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four j and that all and every person and persons who fhall not have completed the whole of their faid payments, on or before the faid fourth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, fhall, on completing the fame at the time in this act prefcribed, be then intitled to receive the whole of one year’s annuity, from the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, to the fifth day of Ja-nuary one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fotir.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Annuitiespay- That the annuities by this adfc granted and made payable, in re-

Coi^fohdat^ed16 ^Pe<^ °f-	^um	four millions five hundred thoufand

funcj#	pounds, fhall, from their commencement, be refpedfively charg-

ed and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the fund called T-he Conjolldated Fund, after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch lums of money as have been directed by any former adl or acts of parliament to be paid out of the fame.

Annuities payable and transferable at the bank.

Cafhiers of the bank to give receipts for fubfcrip-tions, which may be aflign-ed before Dec. 16,1793.

Accountant general of the bank to enter

VIII.	AnJ be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the annuities aforefaid, in refpedl of the faid four millions five hundred thoufand pounds contributed as aforefaid, fhall be payable and paid, and be transferable at the bank of England, and fhall be fubjedl to fuch redemption as is herein-after mentioned.

IX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England^ Vho fhall have received, or fhall receive, any part of the faid contributions towards the faid fum of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds, fhall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every fuch contributor for all fuch fums, and that the receipts to be given fhall be affignable by indorfement thereupon made at any time before the fixteenth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and no longer,

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in the office of the accountant general of the governor and company

 

^793*] Ann0 regni tricesimo tertio GeorgiiIIX. c. 28.	51

pany of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books in a book the fhall be provided and kept, in the which names of the contributors towards raifing the faid fum of four millions five hundred thoufand which mav be pounds fhall be fairly entered; in which book or books the faid infpeded ' governor and company fhall give credit for the principal fum of gratis, &c. bne hundred pounds for every feventy-two pounds advanced and paid, and fo in proportion for a greater or JefTer fum; which book or books the faid contributors; their refpeftive executors, ad mini (haters, fucceffors, and afligns, fhall and may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to and infpedl, without anv fee or charge; and that the faid accountant general fhall, on br before the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid^ That in cafe any contributors who have already Contributors depofited with, or fhall hereafter pay to the faid cafhier or ?ot complete cafhiers, any fum or fums of money at the times and in the man- ptions Uto ner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums fo by forfeit the'ir them refpeftively fubferibed, in refpeft of the faid fum of four depofits. millions five hundred thoufand pounds, or their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, and fhall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers the refidue of the fum or films fo fubferibed, at the times and in the manner before-mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fo much of the refpeftive fum or fums fo fubferibed, as fhall have been adtually paid in part thereof to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid annuities in refpeet thereof fhall be extinguished; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-ftanding.

XIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That as foon as any contributors, their executors, adminiftra- As foort as tors, fucceffors, or afligns, fhall have completed their payments fubferiptions of the whole fums payable by them refpedlively, towards the faid ^C<^n^et^9 fum of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds, the principal tcTbe* fum or fums fo by them fubferibed and paid refpediively fhall carried to the forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of the credit of fuch refpeclive contributors, their executors, adminif-trators, fucceffors and afligns, completing fuch payments refpec- wjlic^ may tively; and the persons to whole credit fuch principal fums fhall be transferred#

Fo placed, their refpeclive executors, adminiflrators, fucceffors and „ afligns, fliall and may have power to ailign and transfer the fame, or any part, fhare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England; and fuch fums fhall carry the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum y and fhall be taken and deemed to be flock transferrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this adk, until redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is herein, mentioned#

E 2	XIII. And

 

Books to be kept by the accountant general for entering transfers.

52	Anno regni trlcefimo tertio GeoroiI III. c. 28. f 1793;

XIII.	And be	it further	enabled by the authority aforefaid.

Annuities to	That all	perfons	who fhall	be entitled to any of the annuities

be deemed hereby granted, in refpedf of the faid four millions five hundred gerfonal eftate.	tkoufand	pounds,	and all persons lawfully claiming under them,

. .	fhall be	poftefted	thereof as	of a perfonal eftate, which fhall not

be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or cufiom to the contrary notwithflanding.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That books (hall be conftantly kept by the faid accountant general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers, of all fums advanced or contributed towards the faid fum of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds, (ball at all feafonable times be entered and regiftered; which entry fhall be conceived in porper words for that purpofe, and fhall be figned by the parties making fuch affignments or transfers, or if fuch parties be abfcnt bv their refpeclive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorifed in writing, under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to he attefced by two or more credible wit-nefies; and that the feveral persons to whom fuch transfers fhall be made, {hall refpeclively underwrite their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of affigning and transferring the faid annuities before mentioned, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, {hall be good or available in law.

Annuities	XV. Provided always. That all persons poflefled of any fhare

may be devifed or intereft in the faid ftock of ^nnuites, granted in refpedl of by will, &c. the faid fum of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds, or any eftate or' intereft therein, may devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles ; but that no payment fhall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much of the faid will as relates to fuch {hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid ftocks of annuities, be entered in the faid office, and that in default of fuch transfer or devife, fuch in a re or intereft in the faid ftocks of annuities (ball go to the executors, admin'iftrators, fuc-Transfers not ceftors, and affigns; and that no ftamp duties whatfoever fhall be iiable to ftamp charged on any of the faid transfers; any law or ftatute to the con -duties.	trary notwithflanding.

XVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefiftd, Contributors That fuch contribute s, towards railing the faid fum of four mil-duly paying lions five hundred thoufand pounds, duly paying the whole fums fo . t^on s to receive ^u^Teribed, at or before the refpective times in this act limited in their annui- that behalf, and their refpedlive executors, adminiftrators, and ties out of the aftxgns, (ball have, receive, ancl enjoy, and be irititled by virtue money hereby 0f this a6t to have, receive, and enjoy, the faid feveral annuities granted, in refpedt to the fum fo by them refpedtively liable to taxes, ftibfcribed, out of the monies granted by this a£l for payment thereof, and fhall have good and fure interefts and eftates therein, according to the feveral provifions in this a61 contained, and according to the true intent and meaning thereof; and that the faid feveral annuities {fhall be free from all taxes, charges, and impo-fiticns whatfoever.

XVII. And

 

1793Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeorGii III. c. 28.

XVII.	And for the more eafy and fare payment of all the feveral annuities ejlablijhed by this aft, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, fhall, from time to time, until all the faid annuities fhall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more fufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or fir ft cafhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient person within the fame office to be their accountant general; and that fo much of the monies by this act appropriated for the purpofe as fhall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer the faid feveral and refpeciive annuities, and other payments herein diredled to be made out of the faid monies, fhall, by order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be lued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeciive days of payment in this a£l appointed for payment thereof, be iffiied and paid at .the receipt of the exchequer to the faid hrft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors for the time being, by way of imprefl, and upon account, for the payment of the faid feveral and refpeciive annuities payable by virtue of this a6l; and that luch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid money fhall from time to time be iffued, fhall, from time to time without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer; and that the faid accountant general for the time being fhall, from time to tijme, infpedl and exmine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, 1 hat fuch cafhier or cafhiers fhall give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer for the publick ufe, ail the monies which they have already received and fhall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the faid fum of four millions live hundred thoufand pounds to be raifed by annuities, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the trull hereby in them repofedj'and fhall from time to time pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they fhall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the farthefl, into, and fhall account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof, deducing thereout fuch fums as fhall have been paid by him or them in purfu-ance of this a£l, for which fums fo paid, allowance fhall be made in his or their accounts.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies to which any person or persons fhall become intitled by virtue of this a£l, in refpePc of any fum advanced or contributed towards the faid fum of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds, on which the faid annuities, after the rate of

E 3	threQ

53

Bank to appoint caffiier3, to whom the treafury fhall order the money to be iffued for pay* ment of annuities, &c.

Cafhiers to give fecurity, and toaccount for monies received.

Annuities to be added to the joint flock of 3 per cent, confolidated annuities.

Monies paid into the exchequer maybe applied to fervices voted by the commons.

Out of the money fub-fcribed, the treafury may difcharge inci dental ex-' peaces, &c.

Bank to continue a corporation till the Annuities grantc-l by this adt be ttdeemed.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. [1793,

three pounds per centum per annum, fhall be attending, (hall be added to and made part of the joint flock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the feveral fums carrying an interefl afte-r the rate of three pounds per centum per pn-nuniy were, by feveral afts, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, .twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late Majefly, and by feveral fubfequent afts, con-folidated, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in luck manner, and upon fuch notice, as in the faid aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of his faid late Majelly’s reign, is direfted in refpeft to the feveral and refpeftive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid aft; and that all and every person and perfons, and corporations whatfoever in proportion to the money to which he, flie, or they fhall become inti tied as aforefaid by virtue of this aft, fhall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional intcrefl and fhare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, 'Fhat it fhall and may be lawful for three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, to ifluc and apply from time to time all fuch fums of money as fhall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, by the faid cadherer cafhiers, to fuch fervices as fhall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent fefiion of parliament.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That out of the monies arifing from the contributions or fubferiptions towards raiding the faid fum of four miliioas five hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, or any part thereof,

. any three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, fhall have power to difcharge all fuch incident charges as fhall neceflarily attend the execution of this aft, in fuch manner as to them fhall feem juft and reafon-able, and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as fhall be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cathier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the fa id contributions and fubferiptions; and alfo fhall have power to make, out of the faid confolidated fund, fuch further allowances as fhall be judged reafonable'for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiersfTor receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities, payable by virtue of this aft, and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant-general, for performing the trufl repofed in him by this aft; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refpedl to the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the

’ bank of England, and their fucceffors, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in purfuance of the acts for eftablifhing the lame, or any of them, fhall continue a corporation for the purpofes of this aft until all the an-

a	nuities

Hosted by C3OOglC

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28.	55

nuities by this aft granted {hall be redeemed by parliament as aforefaid; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of Englandr, or any member thereof, {hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That no fee, reward, or Penalty on gratuity whatfoever, fhall be demanded or taken of any of his Ma- persons taking jelly’s fubjefts for receiving or paying the faid fubfcription or con-

tribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concerning fictions or the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of them, or for paying an-any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to-be made in purfuance nuities, &c. of this aft, upon pain that any officer or person offending, taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, {hall for every fiich offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to the party aggrieved, with full cods of fuit, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefminfer, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

XXIV.	And whereas, by an ad pafifed in the thirty-firf year of

the reign of his prefent Majefy, (intituled, An aft for granting to 31 Geo.3,0.1. his Majefty additional duties upon worts, wafh, and other liquors, recited, brewed or made in England, for extracting fpirits for home con-fumption; upon fpirits made in Scotland and imported into England\ and upon foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain acts for difcontinuing^ for a limited time, the feve-ral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wajh, and other liquors, there ufed in the dif illation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefy other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regidating the exportation of Bnt\Qi-made fpirits from England to Scotland, andfro?n Scotland ^England; and to continue, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to difcontinue, for a limited timey the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confump-tion9 and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof \ and for the better regulation of the making and vend~ mg Britilh fpirits)yit was amongf other things enaded, Tbaty from and after the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, there jhould be raifed, levied', collected and paid., to and for the uje of his Majefy, his heirs and fucceffors, for and in refped of the Jeveral kinds of worts> wafh, or other liquor therein-after mentioned, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, for extracting fpirits for home coiifumption, and for and in refpeCi of fpirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought into that part of Great Britain called England, over and above all duties then impofed, for or in refped thereof by any aCl or aCts of parliament, the fur~ ther duties of excife therein mentioned and expreffed, (except as in the faid recited ad is particularly excepted)$ and it was by the faid ad further enaCiecf That all the monies arifing or to arife by the rates and duties granted by the faid ad, and paid into the

E 4	receipt

*	'	Hosted	by	

Annoregnitriceiimo tertioGEORGli III. c. 28. [J793«r

vcapt of his Majefiy s exchequer, after the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, Jhould, together with finch other rates and duties, as Jhould be (and which were) granted by certain a Sis of the then fejfion of parliament, for that purpofe, be 0 fund for the payment and dijeharge of the principal fum of eight . hundred thoufand pounds, part of the fum of one million eight hundred and thriiy-three thoufand pounds to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, in purfuance of any att of the fame fijfion of parliament, and which were raifed by exchequer bills in purfuance of an att of the thirty-firfl year of his prefent 'Majefiy s reign, (in-eo*3’c*49* tiiuled, Ail aft for railing a certain fum of money by loans or ex-.

chequer bills for defraying the publick expence.s occufioned by « the augmentation of his Majefty’s forces, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety), together with fiuch hit erf as Jhould, by the faid att be directed to be paid or made payable fur the faid. principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds; and that upon payment of the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and all interefi to become due thereon, or referring at the faid receipt of exchequer fo much money out of the faid fund to be ejiablifhed as if ore faid, as Jhould be fijficicni to jatisfy and dijeharge the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and all inter efi as afore-, faid,, and publication thereof in the manner to be directed by fuck aft of the thirty-firft year of his prefent Majefiy*s reign as afore faid, the faid rates and duties, by the faid recited act impojed, Jhould from. thenceforth ceafe and determine, and be no huger paid or payable:, j ^ and whereas by an act pa fed in the thirty-firfi year of his prefent Recited*°,C ^* Majefiy s reign, (intituled, An aft for granting to his Majelfy additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the commilfioners for the affairs of taxes therein mentioned)., it was enabled. That, from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred arid ninety-one, there jhould be ra;Jed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefiy, throughout the kingdom of Great Biitain, upon every affeffment to be made after the fifth day of April one ihoujand fivsn hundred and ninety-one, under or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament then, in force, for or in rejpett of the fevercd rates and duties under the management of the commifjioners for the a fairs of taxes, an additional rate or duty after the rate of ten pounds per centum upon the grofs amount of all the faid former rates and duties charged by fuch afifef-meni, except as therein is except cd; and it veas thereby farther matted, That all the monies arijirig or to arfe by the rates and duties thereby impofed, and paid into the receipt of his Majefiy s exchequer after the faid fifth day of April one ihoujand Jeven hundred andr ninety-two, Jhould, together with juch other rates and duties as of or efaid, be a fund for the payment and difcharge of the whole of the faid Jura of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, to be. raifed as aforefaid, and the fame arc and fiand appropriated to the payment and dijeharge of the faid principal fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, together with the inter efi, premium, rate, and charges incident to or attending the fame, in purfuance of the faid lafl recited att, and cf the faid att of the thirty-firfi

year

 

1793-1 Anno regni trlcefimo tertlo GeORGii III. c. 28.	57

year of or efaid, for raifing a fum of ?noney by loans or exchequer bills as aforefaid; and after payings or referving fujfcient to pay, all fuch funs of money as aforfaid, in the manner directed by the faid a£lsy the faid laf recited rates and duties are from thenceforth to ceafe and. determine, and be no longer paid or payable: and whereas we, year Majcfly s mojl dutiful and loyal fubjeels, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled,, are defrous to make fuch permanent addition to the publick revenue as fall be adequate to the increafed charge occafoned by the loan to be raifed by virtue of this a£i; be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid Duties im-duties of excife impofed by the faid hrft recited acf, upon worts, pofed by fir ft wafh, and other liquors brewed or made in England, for extract- J^^fworts ing fpirits for home confumption; and upon fpirits made in Scot- made in land and imported into England; and alfo the faid duties of ten England for pounds per centum, impofed by the faid aupon the grofs amount extracting of affeffed taxes, lately above recited, (except as in the faid feve- ^Tn^con-rai recited a£h, or any of them is particularly excepted 5 and alfo fumption, and except fuch of the faid rates or duties under the management of upon fpirits the commifuoners for the affairs of taxes as have been fmee re- ^ pealed by any other a£l or a£ts of parliament in that behalf), {hall imported5into be, and are hereby refpedfively continued and made perpetual, England, and and fhall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors; any duty of 10I. thing in the faid feveral recited acts, or any of them, contained to per cent, im-the contrary thereof notwithftanding; and the faid duties hereby faVrecitedle continued and made perpetual, {hall feverally and refpedtively be a<5t, madeper-paid and payable by fuch perfons, at fuch times and in fuch man- petual. ner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the faid duties were feverally and refpedtively payable by Jaw, under or by virtue of the faid feveral adds, or any of them, or any other act or a£ts of parliament in force at and immediately before the palling of this act.

XXV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,That all fuch parts of the faid recited adt, for raifing a fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills as aforefaid, requiring the commif-fioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, to iffue their or his orders to the refpedtive commiiiioners of excife, or the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, for the determination of any of the faid duties hereby continued and made perpetual, and all directions for the publication thereof, as far as the fame relate to the faid duties, {hall be, and are hereby re-

Such parts of 3iGeo.3.c.49. as require the treafury to blue orders for the determination of the duties hereby continued, reapealed.

pealed.

XXVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all the monies from time to time arifing by the feveral rates Monies to be and duties by this adf continued and made perpetual as aforefaid, paid into the (the neceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame ex- carried to cepted), when and as the fame refpedi'ively {hall take effedb by the confoli-virtue of this adl, {hall, from time, to time, be paid into the re- dated fund, ceipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at TVejlminfer; and the faid money, fo paid into the exchequer as aforefaid, fhall be carried to, an4 made part of the fund called The Confolidated Fund, and lhall be added to the publick revenue for the purpofes of this a£h

XXVII. And

 

;,iOeo.3.c.a5« 2nd

3iGeo.3.c.ai

incited.

Artf>r fxche-quer bills if-fued on the credit of the fund eftablifiled by certain ads of 31 Geo, 3. (hall be can -celled to the amount of 1,833,0001. &c. the money arifing by the ft a nip but is impofcd by the

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c* 28. [1793.

XXVII. And whereas by an aR^ paffed in the thirty-firjl year of his prefent Majeflfs reign (intituled,, An aft for repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promiffory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof), it was enaRed., That, after fetting apart, at the receipt of his MajeJIJs exchequer, at the end of each quarter of a year during the time in the ftaid aR mentioned, the fum of thirty-two thoufand one hundred and fifty pounds (as being one fourth part of the fum of one hundred twenty-eight thoufand fix hundred pounds, the annual average produce of the refpeRive rates and duties by the faid aR repealed), to be carried to and made part of the faid fund called The Confolidated Fund, the remainder of the duties granted by the faid aR, and arrears of the duties thereby repealed^ fhould be a part of the faid fund, efablijhed by certain aRs of the thirty-firft year of his Majefiy’s reign, for the payrnent and dij-charge of the faid principal fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds^ to* be raifed by loans or exchequer bills in the manner before mentioned, together with fuch interefl as fhould be direRed to be paid or made payable for the fame: and whereas, by an aR paffed in the thirty-firjl year of his prefent Majejlys reign (intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty an additional duty on certificates iftued with refpeft to the killing of game), the feveral duties thereby granted were alfo made a part of the faid fund for the payment and difeharge of the faid principal fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds^ Together with futh in-■ ter eft as aforefaid: and whereas the faid fever al Jlamp duties (except fuch quarterly fums as aforefaid) are and Jland appropriated to the payment and difeharge of the9faid principal fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thaufand pounds, together with the interefl, premium, rate and charges incident to or attending the fame, inpurfu-ance of the fever al aRs before mentioned, or fome of them; and by the faid fever al aRs it was provided, that after paying or referving fujfi-cient to pay the fame, in the ?nanner by the faid aRs direRed, then from thenceforth all the money arifing from the faid feveral Jlamp duties fhould refpeRively be carried to, and made a part of the fund called The Confolidated Fund, and fhould from thenceforth be refpeRively applied in fuch manner as other duties on Jiamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are direRed to be applied, or as fhould thereafter be direRed by any aR or aRs of parliament in that behalf; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, as foon as fuch exchequer bills, iftued on the credit of the feveral rates and duties compofing the fund herein-before mentioned, eftablifhed by virtue of certain afts pafted in the thirty-firft year aforefaid, (hall be fet off to be cancelled to the amount of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, with the intereft due thereon, and all charges incident to or attending the fame, fhall be paid, or money fufheient for thofe purpofes {hall be in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, all the monies arifing or to arife of the faid feveral ftamp duties (after fetting apart out of the faid duties on bills of exchange, promiftbry notes, anJ other notes, drafts or orders, and on receipts, the ium of thirty-two

thou-

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertlo GEQRdu III, c. 29.’	59

thoufand one hundred and fifty pounds at the end of each quar- two Uft re-ter, according to the direftions of the faid a,ft granting the faid duties, and which quarterly fums (hall continue to be fo fet apart tjie purpofes fo long as any annuities mall be payable by virtue of this act), of this aft fhall be relpeifively applied to the purpofes of this aft.

XXVIIL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That the monies arifing or to arife of the feveral rates and duties Surplus of the hereby continued and made perpetual as aforefaid, when and-after the fame refpeftiyely (hall have taken effeft by virtue of this aft, may by ap-and of the feveral ftamp duties herein-before mentioned, when plied as the and after the fame refpeftively (hall have become applicable to the confolidated purpofes of this aft, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient to defray the increafed charge occafioned by the loan to be made by virtue of this aft, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for that pi*rpofe; and in cafe there fhall be any remainder or furplus of the monies arifing by the faid rates and duties after defraying fuch increafed charge, fuch remainder or furplus fhall, until the fame fhall be fpecially appropriated by parliament, be applicable and may be applied to fuch ufes and purpofes as the monies compofing the faid fund called "The Confoli-dated Fund, may by law be applied.

XXIX,	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Monies for authority aforefaid, That all the monies arifing or to arife by the 10 years to be faid rates and duties, or any of them, during the fpace of ten years exchequer^6 j?ext enfuing, fhall continue to be paid into the faid receipt of his ancj j^pt * Majefty’s exchequer at Wefiminjler, diftinftly and apart from feparate from each other and from all other branches of the pubiick revenues; other re. and that there fhall be provided and kept, in the office of the audi- venues*

tor of the faid receipt, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall be entered, feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, upon any account whatever.

XXX,	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person or perlbns fhall be fued, molefted or profe-cuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this aft,

fuch person or persons fhall and may plead the general ifiue, and General iffiie. give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdift fhall pals for the defendantor defendants, or the plaintiff'or plaintiffs fhall difeontinue his, her, or their aftion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againfi: him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble Treble cofts* cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againfi: any fuch plaintiff* or plaintiffs,

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for enabling his Majefty to dirett the iffue of exchequer billsy : to a limited amount, for the purpofes and in the manner therein

mentioned— [Mav 8> 1793* J

L * •	Mod

 

enfury

to direct exchequer bilb to be made out to the amount of 5,coo, cool, agreeable to

60	Anno	regni	tricesimo	tertio Georgia III. c. 29. [1793*.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TT7HEREAS it is expedient that your Majefty he enabled to di-v V redl exchequer bills, to the a?nount of five millions, to be iffued to cornmiffioners, to be by them advanced, under certain regulations and reftridiions^ for the afififtance and accommodation of finch perfions as fioall be defirous of receiving the fame, on due fecurity being given for the repayment of the fans fo advanced within a time to be limited: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-His Majefty thority of the fame, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for Se^trSfury61* ^ng’s moft excellent majefty, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, to authorife and impower the commif-ftoners of his Majefty’s treafury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of therp, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to caufe or diredf any number of exchequer bills to be made out at his Majefty’s exchequer, containing different fums of one hundred pounds, fifty pounds, and twenty pounds each, not exceec^ng in *he whole the fum of five millions, in the fame or like manner, form, arid order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions (except where other directions for making out the fame are contained and particularly exprelled in this acft) as in and by an adt of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An adi for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the Jervice of the year one thoufand fieven hundred and ninety-three, are enacted and pre-feribed concerning the exchequer bills to be taken or made in purfuance of the faid acf.

IT. And be it further enacted, That all and every the claufcs, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and dilabilities, contained in the faid laft mentioned aCt,. relating to the exchequer bills authorifed to be made by the fame a61 (excut under this cent as herein-after mentioned) {hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this aCt, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authoris'd- by the faid laft-men-tioned aft, or as if the laid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

IIL And be it further enacted, That the faid.bills to be made out in purfuance of this aft fhall and may bear an intereft not exceeding the rate of two-pence halfpenny per centum per diem, upon or

♦except as here in excepted.

Powers of 33Geo.3c.iT. to extend to exchequer bills made

The intereft the bills fhall bear, and the times of their being made payable.

in rcfpcct of the whole of the monies refpeftively contained therein ; and that one fourth part of each clafs or denomination of fuch bills fhall be made payable on the thirtieth day of September now next enfuing, one other fourth part thereof on the thirtieth day of December then next enfuing, one other fourth part thereof on the thirty-fir ft day o \ March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety*-four, and the refidug thereof on the thirtieth day of June then next enfuing j and that the principal fum contained in every fuch

a	bill,

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29.	61

bill, together with fuch interefl as aforefaid, to be computed from the day of the date thereof, until the time by this act appointed for payment thereof, fnall be paid off and difcharged upon the days and times refpedively appointed for the payment thereof.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ex- Such bills not chequer bill to be made out by virtue of this a£f {hall, after the to be received fame hath been iffued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time ^

before the day on which fuch exchequer bill is hereby appointed ^ ap_ore to be paid, received, or taken by, or pafs or be current with, any pointed for receiver or collector, in Great Britain, of the cufloms, excife, or their pay-any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatever, due or payable to his ment> &c# Majefty, his heirs orfncceffors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colle&or, or from any other person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate (otherwife or on any other account than for the difeharge and cancelling of fuch exchequer bill, in cafe the fame fhall be in due courfe or order of payment), before the laid day hereby appointed for payment thereof; nor fhall any fuch receiver or colledlor exchange, at any time before the faid day of payment thereof, for any money of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill which {hall have been ilTued as aforefaid, by virtue of this a£t, nor fhall any a£lion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or collector for neglecting or refufing to exchange any fuch exchequer bill for ready money, before the faid day of payment thereof, any thing in the faid lad-mentioned a£t, or this adt contained, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That John lord Sheffield in the Commifiion-kingdom of Ireland, fir Grey Cooper baronet, William Pudteney ers. efquire, Richard Muilman "Trench Chi five 11 efquire, fir John Sinclair baronet, John William Anderfon efquire, Robert Smith efquire, Samuel Bofa?iquet efquire, Thomas Boddington efquire, William Manning

efquire, John Whitmore efquire, Francis Baring efquire, Edward Forjler efquire, William Raikcs efquire, Robert Darellefquire, Robert Barclay efquire of Southwark, Charles Grant efquire, Gilbert Lines efquire, Jeremiah Harman efquire, and James Brogden efquire, fhall be and are hereby conftitutcd commidioners for advancing and lending to any body or bodies politick or corporate, or to the merchants, bankers and traders refident within the kingdom of Great Britain, upon the depofits and fecurities, and under the terms and ' conditions, and fubject to the regulations herein mentioned, the exchequer bills to be made out in purfua-nce of this a£t; and the faid commidioners are hereby refpeCfively required to execute the powers and authorities given them by this a£f, without any fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatever.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That any two of the faid com- CommiiTion-midioners in this aCf named, before they enter upon the execu- ers to take the tion of the fame, fhall take an oath, before the chancellor of the following exchequer, or the mafter of the rolls, for the time being, which

they or either of them are and is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter, the tenor whereof {hall be as follov/eth; (that is to fay),

I A, B,

 

6i

Oath.

Commiffioners may meet, appoint officers, admi-nifter oaths, &c.

Officers to take no other reward than their falaries.

Commiffion-ers may examine upon oath persons willing to be examined, and receive depo-fitions made before magif-tratts.

Anno, regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [*793.'

T A.B. do fwear, That, according to the beji of my	/

will faithfully and impartially execute the feveral powers and trufts vejled in me by an at7, intituled, An aft for enabling his Majefty to direft the ifTue of exchequer bills, to a limited amount, for' the purpofes and in the manner therein mentioned, according to the tenor and purport of the faid aft.

And every other of the faid commifTioners in this aft named fhall likewife take the fame oath before the faid two commiffioners^ who are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame, after they {hall themfelvcs have taken the faid oath as aforefaid.

. VII. And be it further enacted, That the faid commifTioners ’ appointed by this aft fhall have power to meet and lit from time to time,, in fuch place or places as they fhall find moft convenient, with or without adjournment; and they, or any feven or more of them, fhall and may appoint and employ a fecretary, and fo many clerks, brokers, meflengers, and officers, as they fhall/think meet; and .allow to fuch fecretary, clerks, brokers, meflengers, and officers, with the confent and approbation of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, in writing under their hands, fuch reafonable falaries as the faid commiffioners appointed by this aft fhall think meet; and fhall and may alfo employ a folicitor, and allow to fuch folicitor fuch falary or re-..ward as the faid commiffioners fhall think reafonable for his care and labour; and fhall and may give and adminifter to fuch folicitor, fecretary, clerks, brokers, and officers refpeftively, an oath for their faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of the trufts repofed in them by the faid commiffioners, and in all other things touching the premifes; and from time to time, at their diferetion, difmifs and difeharge fuch folicitor, fecretary, clerks, brokers, meflengers, and other officers, and appoint others in their place: and the faid folicitor, fecretary, clerks, brokers, and officers, are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the faid trufts in them feveraliy and refpeftively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch fervice, other than fuch falaries or reward as the faid commiffioners fhall direft and appoint in manner aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may by lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorifed and impov/ered to examine upon oath dr affirmation (which oath or affirmation they, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby authorifed to adminifter) all persons who fhall be willing to be examined touching all fuch matters and things-as fhall be neceflary for the execution of the powers vefted in the faid commiffioners by this aft; and alfo to receive any affidavits or depofitions in writing, upon oath or affirmation, touching fuch matters or things as aforefaid, which fhall be made before any juftice of the peace of any county or fliire, or any magiftrate of any city, borough, or town corporate in Great Britain, where or near to which the person making fuch affidavit or depofition fhall refide, and certified and tranfmitted to the faid commiffioners appointed

I793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c* 29.	63

pointed by this a ft, under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or magiftrate (which oath or affirmation every fuch juftice or ma-giftrate fhali be and is hereby authorifed and impowered to ad-minifter), provided that in every fuch affidavit or depofition there fhali be expreffed the addition of the party making fuch affidavit or depofition, and the particular place of his or her abode.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the lords commiffioners Treafury to of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, are ffihe money hereby refpeftively authorifed and required to iffue and caufe to c^a\^sfn be advanced all fuch fums of money, to fuch per fan or perfons, the execution in fuch manner, and in fuch proportions, as the faid commiffion- of this a<5t; of ers appointed by this aft, or any feven or more of them, fhali, which an ac-by writing under their hands, from time to time, defire, out of j^j^before ^ any part of the publick monies remaining in his Majefty’s ex- parliament, chequer, to be replaced in the manner herein-after mentioned ;

which fums fo to be iffued and advanced fhali be employed for the payment of allowances, and in defraying all other neceffary charges and expences in or about the execution of this a£t, without other account than before the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury ; and which money fo to be iflued fhali not be fubjeft to any tax, duty, rate, or afTeffment whatfoever, impofed by authority of parliament; but that an account of the faid charges and expences fhali be laid before both houfes of parliament within two months after the expiration of the commiffion, if parliament fhali be then fitting ; and if parliament fhali not be fitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next feffion of parliament.

X.	And be it further enafted, That if any person or perfons, Perfons giving upon examination upon oath or affirmation before the faid com- fal[e evidence miffioners refpeftively, or if any person or persons making any guilty of per* fuch affidavit or depofition as before mentioned, fhali wilfully and jur^* corruptly give falfe evidence, or fhali in fuch affidavit or depofition wilfully and corruptly fwear, affirm, or alledge any matter

or thing which fhali be falfe or untrue, every fuch person or persons fo offending, and being thereof duly convifted, fhali be, and is and are hereby declared to be, fubjeft and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That on the day next after Commiffion-this aft fhali have received the royal affent, the faid commiffion- ers to meet to ers, or any feven or more of them who fhali have taken the faid receive, or ap-oath as aforefaid, fhali meet to receive, or to appoint a proper to receive^ap-perfon for receiving, all fuch applications in writing as fhali be plications in made to them from any body or bodies politick or corporate, or writing for from any merchants, bankers, or traders in Great Britain, for *hej!0an

the loan and advance of money by exchequer bills as aforefaid ; bills ^and^to and fhali alfo then fix and appoint a day, not later than the certify the fourth day from the day of their firft meeting as aforefaid, for amount im-taking into their confideratiori all fuch applications, and fhali wanted^ meet together for that purpofe, and fhali proceed with all con- e * venient difpatch fo afeertain the amount of the fums in exchequer

 

Treafury to direct the ex chequer to iflue bills agreeably to

64	Anno	regni	tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [1793'.

quer bills which in their judgement will be immediately, requiiite to be advanced under this aX, in purfuance of applications then delivered, and fhall forthwith certify fuch amount to the lords commiffioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, by one or more certificate or certificates, under the hands and feals of the faid commiiTioners, or any feven or more of them ; and the faid lords commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, fhall, on receipt of fuch certificate or certificates, direX the' proper officer or officers at the faid exchequer to deliver out, in certificates of the manner and under the regulations herein-after mentioned, ex-fioners11131^* chequer bills, in equal proportions, as nearly as may be, of bills payable at the different periods fpecified in this aX, to the amount fpecified in fuch certificate or certificates, in cafe the fame fhall not exceed the value of one fourth part of the exchequer bills to be iflued in purfuance of this aX; and in cafe the amount fpecfi fied therein as aforefaid fhall exceed fuch fourth part, then to fuch amount as the faid lords commiffioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, fhall, on a ftatement of the caufes to them or him to be made by the faid commiiTioners appointed by this aX, deem expedient, and fhall diredh XII. And be it further enacted, That the faid commiffioners appointed by this aX fhall, and they are hereby required, before any apportionment of fuch exchequer bills fhall be made, to caufe all the applications then delivered to be clafied, according to the amount of the fums refpeXively applied for, and the nature of the fecurities tendered, and the circumfiances, fituation, and connexions of the parties applying, as far as the fame fhall ap-

Commiflioners to caufe applications to be clafled, and to efta-blifh regulations for apportioning the fums to be

advanced, &c. pear upon the faid applications, and thereupon to draw up and eftablifh fuch general rules and regulations for their own government in the apportioning and diftributing the fums to be ad->-vanced and lent in exchequer bills under this adt, to the feveral persons applying fora the fame, as they in their difcretion (hall deem equitable and juft; all which rules and regulations fhall, within a convenient time, be entered in a book or books to be prepared and kept by fuch commiffioners for that purpofe : and the faid commiffioners appointed by this aX, according to the true purport and meaning of fuch general rules and regulations as aforefaid, fhall proceed to take into their confideration all fuch applications which fhall fpecify the particulars of the fums required to be advanced as aforefaid, not being in any cafe lefs than the fum of four thoufand pounds, and which fhall tender any fecurlty which the faid commiffioners are authorifed by this aX to take for the payment of the fums to, be advanced, and which fhall alfo fpecify the nature and amount thereof • and from time to time, on enquiry into the fame refpeXively, fhall determine what persons fhall in their judgement be entitled to any part of the exchequer bills to be advanced or lent under this aX, and to what amount, and fhall afcertain the nature and amount of the fecurities to be required from them for the fame refpec-tivelyj and that all fuch exchequer bills fhall be diftributed in

fuch

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29.

6;

fuch proportions, according to the refpedtive fums and periods of payment exprefTed therein, that the repayment thereof to be made on each loan may be made as nearly as may be by equal in-bailments.

XIII.	And be it further enadled, That the faid commiffioners Commiffion-appointed by this adt fhall deliver to ail persons to whom any of ers to 8ive ta the faid exchequer bills fhall be apportioned as aforefaid by the ^Q^ bills faid commiffioners, a certificate or certificates, under the hands f]la]i be ap-and feals of two or more of fucn commiffioners, fpecifying the portioned, amount of the fums to be advanced and lent, to be refpedtively ^be^moimt0^ numbered and marked in the courfe and order in which the fame wiqcb pia]ibe fhall be delivered; which certificate or certificates, being de- fuffident war-pofited with the proper officer or officers, fhall be a fufiicient au- rant for their thority, without other warrant, to fuch officer or officers to de- delivery, liver fuch exchequer bills to the like amount and value as fhall

be defcribed in and by fuch certificate or certificates of fuch commiffioners, provided that the total amount to be blued by virtue of fuch certificates fhall not at any one time exceed the amount of exchequer bills diredled to be iflued by the lords corn-miffioners of the treafury, as herein mentioned ; and every fuch Bills to bear exchequer bill fhall bear date on the day on which the fame fhall date when be ifiued, and fliall and may be figned by the auditor of the re- 1 ue * ceipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, or in his name, by any person duly authorifed by the faid auditor to fign the fame, with the approbation of the lords commiffioners of the treafury, in writing under their hands, or of any three or more of them; and the faid Commiffion-commiffioners appointed by this adf fhall have power and autho- ers nmY a^er rity from time to time to revife and alter fuch rules and regula- regir a 10ns‘ tions as aforefaid, as they fhall fee occafion; but that no fuch re-vifion or alteration fhall be valid, unlefs agreed to at a board of the faid commiffioners, confiding of eleven or more of them, convened upon three days notice for that purpofe.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That the faid commiffioners, Commiffion-or any feven or more of them, fhall fix and appoint proper and ers may ap-convenient days for taking into confideration (rich applications as point days for fhall from time to time be made to them, not being in any cafe appiicati'ons for lefs than the fum of four thoufand pounds as aforefaid, and from time to fhall afcertain the amount of fuch exchequer bills as fhall be re- time, Sec. and quired to be from time to time ifiued for the purpofes of this adf, the treaim y and by like certificate or certificates, as aforefaid, certify the ^^the^biUs fame to the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the t0 ^ itrued, lord high treafurer* for the time being, who fhall and may, on &c<? receipt thereof, diredt further exchequer bills to be ifiued to fuch

amount, from time to time, as the exigency of the cafe fhall, in their or his judgement, require to be ifiued, in equal proportions, as nearly as may be, of bills, payable at fuch of the different periods fpecified in this adl as fhall be fubfequent to the time when fuch iffues fliall be to be made refpedtively, until the whole of the bills to be made out in purfuance of this adl fliall have been ifiued for the purpofes aforefaid ^ and the faid commiffioners by this adf appointed fhall, from time to time, proceed to determine to what Vql. XXXIX,	f	amount



Account of bills payable on Sept. 30, 1793,Dec.30, 1793, and March 31,

Anno regni tertio tricesimo GeoRGIi III. c. 29. [1793.

amount fuch exchequer bills {hall be advanced to the persons reflectively applying for the fame under this a£I, and (hall grant certificates thereof to the proper officer or officers, at the faid receipt of the exchequer, in fuch form, and under the like rules and regulations, as are he rein-before mentioned concerning the exchequer bills to be fir ft iffued as aforefaid ; and fuch officers fhall, from time to time, deliver fuch exchequer bills in the form and in the manner before directed.

XV. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That in cafe all the exchequer bills, autnorifed by this act to be iffued, and directed to be refpectivel-y made payable, either on the thirtieth day of September now next enfuing, the thirtieth day of December then next enfuing, or the thirty-firft day of March one thoufand

iffued from the faid

to be made out in lieu thereof, <Scc.

then iffued^o ^even hundred and ninety-four, {hall not be be delivered exchequer in purfuance of this act before fuch days refpetively, to the trea- the proper officer or officers at the faid exchequer fhall from time fury, who may to time deliver an account of the fame to the lords commiffioners treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid lords commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to direct a like number of exchequer bills to the fame amount to be made out at the faid exchequer, in lieu of the bills not iffued there as aforefaid ; and that the fame fhall be made payable, in equal proportions, as near as may be, upon the feveral days then to come, on which exchequer bills are by this at direted to be made payable, and fhall be iffued and applied in like manner, and to the like purpofes, as the exchequer bills, in lieu whereof the fame are to be made, are by this at direted to be iffued and applied.

XVI.	And be it further enated, That fuch officers by whom fuch exchequer bills fhall be delivered {hall, from time to time> upon the requiiition of the faid commiffioners hereby appointed, deliver to them, at their office, complete lifts of all the exchequer bills made out by them, fpecifying therein the refpetive dates and fums exprefied therein, and the periods appointed for the payment of the fame, and diftinguifffing therein the persons to whom, and the numbers of the certificates by virtue whereof, the fame were ifilled refpedli vely.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That all and every person and persons to whom any fuch exchequer bills fhall be advanced

vanced to en- or lent>	previoufiy	enter	into fuch fecurity, in fuch fum or

ter into (ecu- fums of money, and with fuch fureties, or fuch depofits of goods, rity, &c. as the cafe may require, and the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, fhall deem neceffary; which fecurities the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, {hall by their discretion have full power and authority to caufe to be taken as herein-after is mentioned; and that every fecurity to be taken in purfuance of this adt, as well of the principal party as of fuch fureties refpedbively, fhall be by writing obligatory to our fove-reign lord the King, in fuch fum or fums of money as fhall be directed by fuch commiffioners, or any feven or more of them,

by

Lifts ofexche quer bills made out, to be delivered to the commiffioners.

Perfons to whom bills fhall be ad

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tercio Georgii III. c. 29,	67

by virtue of this aft, to be paid to our faid lord the King, by fuch form of words as obligations to the King’s rnajefly have been ufed to be made, and with fuch conditions to be thereunder written, as by fuch commiilioners fhall be deemed proper $ and that all fuch obligations to be fo made fhall be good and effectual in the law, and fhall be of the fame quality, force, and effect, to all intents and purpofes, as any obligation made to our fove-reign lord the now King, or his predecelfors, or any of them, hath at any time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received, or taken to be; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary not-withftanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That all fecurities which How fectnd-fhall be entered into by the person or persons to whom and to tl.es fhah be whofe account any fuch exchequer bills fhall be advanced, fhall &lV€n> c* be made in fuch fum, not lefs than double the amount of the principal fums contained in fuch exchequer bills, as the faid commiffioners, or any, feven or more of them, fhall in their discretion dire£t; and that in every fuch cafe, if the party or parties fhall enter into fuch fecurity, without any furety or fureties, then fuch party or parties fhall, over and above fuch fecurity, depoiit or caufe to be depofited in the cuftody of the faid commiilioners, or of fuch persons as they fhall appoint, by writing under the bands of the faid commiftioners, or any two or more of them, wares or merchandizes, of the proper goods of fuch party or parties, or in his or their poffelTion and difpofition, and wherein he or they fhall have a fpecifick intereft, to a certain amount, which fhall be proved to the fatisfatftion of fuch commiilioners,

(the duties of cuftoms and excife payable upon the fame, in cafe any fuch duties fhall by law be payable upon fuch goods, being firft duly fatisfied, and which fhall be proved to the fatisfadtion of the faid commiilioners, or fuch person or persons as they fhall appoint), bearing a proportion, not lefs than is herein-after mentioned, to the value of the principal fums fo to be advanced, and which wares or merchandizes fhall be delivered to the faid com-mifiioners, or to fuch persons as they fhall appoint as aforefaid, at fuch place or places, herein-after mentioned, as the faid com-miflioners, or any feven or more of them, fhall appoint, and fhall be fecured and kept in proper warehoufes at fuch places refpedfively, to be approved of by the faid commifiioners, or any feven or more of them, under fuch regulations as the faid com-midioners, or any feven or more of them, fhall prefcribe, and fuch wares and merchandizes fhall not be liable to be attached or leized, or removed or taken from or out of the cuftody of the faid commiilioners, by any procefs either in law or equity, or by the cuftom of the city of London, or other place in this kingdom, or by or under any commiihon of bankruptcy not actually iftued at the time when fuch depofit fhall be made, unlefs the principal fums contained in fuch exchequer bills, as fhall be advanced or lent on the fecurity of the faid wares or merchandizes together with fuch intereft as fhall be directed to be paid by this a£t, fhall be firft paid or fatisfied at the times or in the manner herein-after

F 2	mentioned,

 

79	Anno	regni	tricesimo	tertio Georgii III, c. 29. [179?.

fpeftively, and to caufe all fuch wares or merchandizes, or the refpeftive packages containing the fame, to be numbered, marked, weighed, or taken an account of, in fuch manner, and from time to time, at fuch times as the faid commiffioners fhall deem neceffary, lo as to avoid any damage or lofs to the refpeftive proprietors thereof by reafon of fuch depgfits; and it (hall be in the difcretion and power of the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, to make all neceffary regulations from time to time for the receipt, fafe cuftody, and delivery out of fuch wares and merchandizes depofited in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, or other places, and from time to time to permit the proprietor or proprietors thereof, or their refpeftive agents or faftors, or other persons duly authorifed, to infpeft, examine, and take reafonable fampies of the fame, provided that upon the application of the proprietor or proprietors of any wares or merchandizes depofited under this aft, and upon proof made before.the commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, or before fuch person or persons as they (hall appoint, but neverthelefs’to the fatisfaftion of fuch commiffioners, of the expediency of re-deli-vering the fame to fuch proprietor or proprietors, his or their aflignee or affigns, for the purpofe of trade, before the films advanced or lent thereon fhall be paid or fatisfied ; and upon a tender of fuch fecurity for the due payment thereof as is herein mentioned, or of other goods of equal value, to be depofited in like manner, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, in their difcretion, to change order depofits ^ie i"ecui'jty f°r fuch loan, and to direft and order fuch wares and to be re-de- merchandizes to be re-delivered to fuch proprietor or proprietors, his or their aflignee or afligns, on depofi'ting other goods as aforefaid, or giving fuch fecurity as by this aft is direfted to be taken for the payment of all the principal fums advanced and lent on the fit id wares and merchandizes, and which fhall be then unpaid, together with fuch intereft for the fame as by this aft is limited, at the refpeftive days or times appointed for payment of the fame: and further, that where any payment of the faid principal fums, with imereff, fhall have been duly made on or before the day appointed for payment thereof, the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, upon the application of the tPYo ProPriet°r or proprietors of any wares or merchandizes depofited be re-driver- as aforefaid, his, her, or their aflignee or afligns., fhall direft and

and may change fecu-rities, and

ljvered ;

and on payment of principal and in-tcrelt may order a pro-

rd.

order a part of fuch wares and merchandizes, the eftimated value whereof fhall, as nearly as conveniently may be, in the judge-? merit of fuch commiffioners, bear the fame proportion to the eftimated value of the whole, which fuch principal fum fo repaid fhall bear to the whole of the principal fums advanced and lent on any fuch wares and merchandizes, to be re-delivered to fuch proprietor or proprietors, his or their aflignee or affigns, and fo from time to time, on every fuch refpeftive inftallment being fo paid and fatisfiecl, on or before the day when the fame fhall refpec-tivcly become payable - and in like manner fhall re-deliver the whole

3 f fuch wares or merchandizes^ on payment of all th<

: principal fums advanced!

 

1793 3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29.	7l

advanced and lent thereon, together with intereft ; and that upon producing the certificate or certificates of the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, with the receipt of the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England thereunto annexed, fignifying the payment thereof as aforefaid, the officer or officers having the care of fuch wares or merchandizes {hail deliver out of the ware-houfe or warehoufes, or other places wherein the fame {hall be fo depofited, the whole or fo much of the faid wares or merchandizes as fhall be mentioned or exprefted in fuch certificate or certificates of fuch commiffioners.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That in all Where per-cafes where a permit fhall be required by law for the removal of mi?s

any wares or merchandizes from place to place within this king- t^Cy dom, fuch permit fhall be required in all cafes for the removal of fhall be re-the like wares or merchandizes to or from any warehoufe or quired for re« warehoufes to be provided or ufed under the authority of this aft. movaI of hhe

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, T hat	^

the person or persons depofidng or caufing to be depofited any Perfons dewares or merchandizes under this aft, {hall, at his and their pro- pofiting wares per charges, if required fo to do by the faid commiffioners ap- toinfurethem, pointed by this aft, caufe the fame to be infured from any lofs by cj0 ^ by the fire, for and during fuch time as the faid wares or merchandizes commiffion-fhall be depofited in any warehoufe or warehoufes, or other place, ers.

in purfuance of this aft, for fuch fum or fums of money, and with fuch person or perfons, as the faid commiffioners fhall direft or approve.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That the principal fums Principal fums contained in the exchequer bills which (hall be advanced or lent

by the faid commiffioners under the authority of this aft fhall be terc-tt, to be repaid, without deduction or abatement,, together with intereft repaid by in-for the fame, by inftallments, as herein-after is mentioned ; (that bailments,and is to fay), the principal fum in each and every exchequer bill fhall be repaid to the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England niifHontrs at their office, together with intereft for the fame, at and after may order a the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, by the fpace of Part °f the fifteen days at leaft before the time when each fuch exchequer depofits to be bill fhall become payable, according to the provifions of this aft, fuch intereft to be computed on the faid principal fum from the date of fuch exchequer bill to the time of payment thereof; and if any default fhall be made by any person or persons in the payment of any fuch fum or fums. of money within the refpeftive times herein-before limited for payment thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners hereby appointed, or any feven or more of them, by any warrant or warrants under their hands and feals, to caufe fo much as they ill a] 1 think neceft'ary of the wares and merchandizes depofited or being in any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, or other places, by or on account of fuch defaulter or defaulters, as a lecurity for fuch payment, fuch wares and merchandizes not bearing a greater proportion to the eftimated value of the whole than the fum fo due and in arrear {hall bear to the

F 4	whole

ioid.



Produce of depoiits fo

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgn III. c. 29. [1793.

whoje fum advanced on the credit of fuch wares or merchandizes, to be appraifed and fold at publick audfion to the highcft bidder, under fuch terms and conditions of fale as fuch commif-fioners {kail diredt, for and towards fatisfying fuch part of the fums advanced on fuch wares and merchandizes as fhall be then due, together with intereft as aforefaid, and with fuch cofts and charges attending fuch fale, as fhall be allowed by the faid commiffioners ; and the money arifing from fuch fale fhall be forthwith paid to the faid cafhier or calhiers of the bank of England, towards fatisfying the fum or fums directed by fuch commiflion-lo tic	ers to |;)e rajfec] thereby, and the refidue thereof fhall be referved

at the faid bank of England, and carried to the account of future payments to be made by fuch defaulter or defaulters, if any fhall remain to be made, and the overplus (if any be, after fatisfying all Anns advanced on fuch wares or merchandizes, with the intereft, cofts, and charges as aforefaid) to be paid to fuch defaulter or defaulters, or fuch other person or persons as fhall appear to fuch commiffioners to be entitled to the fame, or fuch person or persons as he or they fhall refpeftively appoint to receive In cafe oF de- the fame :	and further,	that in cafe	any	fuch default fhall be

fruit111 due • made, and	no wares or	merchandizes	fhall	be deposited with the

where depo	commiffioners,	or that the fame fhall be found, or fhall befits have not come infufficient in value to fatisfy	the whole of the demand

been made,the from fuch	defaulter or	defaulters, it	fhall	alfo be lawful for the

commiffoners commiffioners, and they are hereby required, without further fureties to be	to	iffue	their	warrant	or warrants, from time to time, to

the proper officer or officers of the crown having the.direction or management of proceedings upon obligations to his Majefty, requiring fuch officer or officers prefently to proceed againft all or any of the persons who fhall have entered into any fecurity for the fum advanced, his, her, and their heirs, executors, and ad-miniftrators, for the recovery of fuch parts of the fums advanced on fuch fecurities as fhall be then due, together with intereft as aforefaid, and fuch cofts and charges attending fuch proceeding as fhall be by law payable for the fame; the amount of which principal fums fo to be levied the faid commiffioners fhall caufe from time to time to be teftified by their note in writing, under the hands of any two or more of them, to fuch officer or officers, and which fum fhall be iuferted in the writ or procefs, and the like procefs fhall and may from time to time iffue as aforefaid, as occaiion fhall require ; and the fums fo recovered (the cofts and charges aforefaid excepted) fhall be paid to the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England., without abatement, dedudtion, or delay, in fatisftuftion of fuch demands; and it fhall be in the fiifcretion of the faid commiffioners to diredd againft which of the obligors in fuch fecurity fuch proceedings fhall be from time to time commenced or profecutcd ; and the faid commiffioners fhall have the controul and fuperintendance of fuch prolecutions, and the fame fhall not be difeontinued, quafhed, or abated upon any pretence whatever, without the authority of the faid commiffioners, teftified under the hands and feals of any two or more

of

proceeded againft, &c.

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGH III. c. 29.	73

of them, and exhibited to, the barons of his Majefty’s court of exchequer at Wejhninjler, or to the court of exchequer in Scot-land, as the cafe may require.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That In proceedings *vhere any proceeding {hall be directed by the faid commiflioners againft obli-as aforefaid againft any of the obligors or obligor named in any ofire facias fuch obligation, no writ or writs of Scire facias {hall be required requiiite> &c. to be ifiued, but that upon the production of the warrant or warrants of the faid commiflioners as before mentioned, before any

of the barons of the faid refpeCtive courts of exchequer, and in cafe fuch intended proceeding fhall be againft any fureties or furety, then upon proof of notice having been ferved upon fuch party or parties, or left at his or their ufual place or places of abode refpecftively, ten days at leaft before fuch application fhall be made to fuch baron, an extent fhall and may iiTue in the firft 0 procefs upon the fiat of fuch baron without any affidavit, or other verification or proof of the caufe of fuch proceeding, than fuch warrant or warrants as aforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That after the due payment After duepay-of the fums advanced, with intereft as aforefaid, at the times and ment of Aims in the manner herein fpecified, every fuch obligation entered in- fnt^eftC obU to in purfuance of this adl, being fully fatisfied according to the gations’to be true intent and meaning of this adl, fhall be forthwith delivered cancelled.

up to be cancelled : and in cafe any fuch obligation fhall have been profecuted according to the directions of this adl, the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, fhall, by their warrant or warrants, diredt the proper officer or officers of the faid refpedfive courts of exchequer to enter up fatisfadfion on fuch obligation or obligations fo being fatisfied as aforefaid, upon the record, or otherwife to deliver up the fame to be cancelled, as the cafe may require.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the Inftallments

payment of any of the inftallments of the fums advanced by	he paid

virtue of this adt may be made either in money or in any of the m rpone>r> 01 exchequer bills to be iftued by virtue of this adf, which {hail ps payable have become due at the time of fuch payment, or which fhall be not later than payable at a period not later than fifteen days next after the day lS days appointed by this add for the payment of fuch inftallment, in tliereatter* difcharge of which fuch exchequer bills (hall be paid.

XXXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted. That it Commiflion-fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners appointed thorife^he1" ' this adt, by writing under the hands and feals of any feven or to em-more of them, to authorife the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of ploy monies England to employ any monies which fhall be paid as aforefaid in paid, in pur-the purchafe of any bills which {hall be payable at the period then

next enfuing, and {hall write thereon, in words at length, the day of the month and year in which he or they fo purchaled fuch bills, to which refpedtive days the faid cafhier or cafhiers fhall be allowed the intereft upon his or their paying the fame into the receipt of exchequer as aforefaid ; provided that no intereft {hall fun or be paid upon or for any fuch bills during the time they

{hail

 

After payment of fums advanced by the commif-iioners, obligations with fureties to ftand as fur-

pofes herein mentioned

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29. [1793.

{hall remain in the hands of fuch cafhier or cafhiers, but for fuch time the intereil on every fuch bill {hall ceafe.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadced, That every obligation with any fureties or furety to be taken according to this adl, after payment or recovery thereupon by the laid commiffioners of the fums advanced or lent, with all interefls and colls, in the manner required by this adl, {hall Hand and remain as a further fecurity for the purpofes and in the manner herein-after mention-ther feeurities ed, (that is to fay), if any furety or fureties upon fuch obligation, for the pur-. his, her, or their executors or adminillrators, fhall have paid or fatisfied any part of fuch fums, interefl, or colls, then fuch obligation, as againll the principal obligor or obligors, his or their heirs, executors, or adminillrators, fhall Hand as a fecurity as aforefaid for the reimburfement to fuch fureties refpedlively, their executors or adminillrators, of the whole of the fums fo paid or fatisfied, and fo from time to time, until fuch reimburfement fhall be fully made, according to the intent of this act; and if any fuch fureties or furety, their or his executors or adminillrators, fhall have paid or fatisfied a fum which fhall bear a greater proportion to the whole of the fums recovered upon fuch obligation than the fum for which fuch furety refpedlively fhall have been bound, {hall bear to the total amount of all the feveral fums of money for which all the feveral fureties fhall have been bound by fuch obligation, then fuch obligation, as againfl each and every of the fureties who (hall not have paid or fatisfied an equal proportion of the whole fum recovered, according to the fum for which he fhall have been refpedlively bound, their and every of their heirs, executors, and adminillrators refpedlively, fhall {land as a fecurity for the benefit of fuch fureties or furety, their executors or adminillrators refpedlively, who fhall have paid or fatisfied any fuch fums as aforefaid, for the purpofe of enforcing a contribution amongfl fuch fureties, in an equal proportion to the feveral fums for which they fhall have been refpedlively bound, and fo from time to time, until fuch contribution fhall be fully Commiffion- made according to the intent of this adl; and that in every fuch ers may order caf05 UpQn the application of any fureties or furety to the faid ties To beUrt" corntniffioners for any of the purpofes aforefaid, the faid com-adjlifted, and miffioners fhall caufe the refpedlive claims of fuch fureties or procefs to be furety refpedlively, and the fums to be recovered from fuch prin-iilued for re- c{pals or fureties refpedlively, their and every of their heirs, exe-coveiy ere- cutors^ or adminillrators, to be adjufled and fettled as herein is mentioned, fo that the whole fum recovered fhall be diftributed

in an equal proportion.

according to

the fums for which each

furety refpedlively fhall have been bound in the fame obligation, and fo from time to time as the cafe fhall require, and thereupon the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, by warrant or warrants in writing under their hands, fhall from time to time diredl procefs to iffue for the recovery of fuch fums as they {hall have fo adjufled and fettled, to be refpedlively recovered from and paid to fuch persons refpedlively as they fhall fpecify in fuch warrant or warrants, under and fubjedl to the feveral regulations and diredtious in this adl contained as aforefaid.

XXXIV.	And

 

1793-] Anno regni tricelimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29.	75

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That fuch procefs as Procefs may aforefaid fhall and mav lawfully iffue on any fuch obligation as aforefaid, againft any fuch principals or principal, their or his {he benefit of heirs, executors or adminiftrators, for the benefit of any fuch fureties, &c. fureties or furety, their or his executors or adminiftrators,

and againft any fuch fureties or furety, their or his heirs, executors, or adminiftrators as aforefaid, for the benefit of any co-fureties or co-furety, their or his executors or adminiftrators, notwithftanding the whole fum which fhall have been advanced to fuch principals or principal fhall have been repaid ; and in cafe any fureties or furety fhall become bound, by diftinft obligations or obligation, for the fame persons or perfon, and for or on account of the fame advancement, all and every the provifions aforefaid fhall be applied in like manner as well for the benefit of as againft fuch fureties or furety, and againft fuch principals or principal, as if all fuch fureties and principals refpeftively were named in the fame obligation.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That all wares and mer- Depofitstobe chandizes depofited with the (aid commifiioners, under the au- vetted in the thority and for the purpofes of this aft, fhall be for fuch purpofes ^sm^o°ma veiled in the faid commifiioners by the name of The Co?n??ii]fioners fu^andbe1^ for the IJfue of certain Exchequer Bills, and that the faid commiftion- fued in the ers fhall and may fue and be fued in the name of their fecretary name of their for the time being, and that no a6lion or fuit in law or equity to ft'cietaiy*

be brought or commenced by or againft the faid commifiioners on account of this aft, in the name of their fecretary for the time being, fhall abate or be difeontinued by the death or removal of fuch fecretary, or by the aft of fuch fecretary without the confent of the faid commifiioners; but the fecretary to the faid commifiioners for the time being fhall always be deemed the plaintiff or defendant in fuch aftion or fuit as the cafe may be; and no aftion or fuit fhall be brought againft the faid commifiioners, colleftively or individually, or againft their fecretary, except in one of the faid courts of exchequer, and with the leave of fuch court firft had and obtained, and upon fuch terms and conditions as the faid courts fhall direft.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all acts, matters, Seven com-and things which the faid commifiioners appointed by this aft are miflioners hereby required or authorifed to do or execute, fhall and may be ma^ a<^* done and executed by any feven or more of them, unlefs the fame

fhall be otherwife fpecially provided by this aft.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That the governors and Bank to open direftors of the bank of England fhall, and they are hereby re-,

quired, to open an account in their books with the commiflion- miftioners ers hereby appointed, under the title of Commijfionersfor the Iffue of certain Exchequer Billsy and carry to the credit of fuch account the feveral monies by this aft direfted to be paid to the cafhiers of the bank; and whenfoever the faid commifiioners fhall have Commiflion-advanced or lent any of the exchequer bills to be made out in ^r^'fic^t^^of purfuance of this aft to any person or perfons, the faid com- bil'sadvanced snifiioners fhall, at feme time before the fums contained therein / ‘	'	'	fnall

 

yS	Anno	regni	tricesimo	tertio Georgii III. c. 29. f 1793.

fhall be to be repaid, deliver to fuch person or perfons, at his or their requeft, one or more certificate or certificates under - their hands, fpecifying the value of every fuch exchequer bill, the refpeftive dates thereof, and the times when they refpeftively Bank, on pro* will become payable by virtue of this aft; and the faid calibers of fuch^ertifi- t1fle bankb or one °*" tbem> fhall, upon the production of fuch laft-mentioned certificate or certificates, by the fpace of fifteen days or more before fuch exchequer bills fhall become payable, accept and receive from the person or persons producing the fame the

cates, to give receipts for the principal

fums therein mount 0y principal fums contained therein, to: contained,ana r , • . .n	i

aether with

intercft.

fuch intereft, to be computed from the date thereof to the time of payment as aforefaid, and at the foot of fuch laft-mentioned certificate or certificates acknowledge the receipt of the faid mo-When money nies ; and that whenfoever the faid commifiioners fhall, by their fhall be levied warrant or order, have direfted fuch monies to be raifed or levied

fflecof(!i' by fale of any wares or merchandizes deposited by virtue of this pofits, &c. the L . J	r	- *	*	•	1 c

commiffioners ac-T or by anY proceedings on any fecurities taken by virtue thereof,

to deliver to in default of fuch payment as aforefaid, the faid commiffioners fhall

deliver to the officer or officers executing the fame refpeftively a

like certificate as aforefaid,andfurther fpecifying therein the amount

of the monies to be fo raifed or levied, and the fubftance of fuch

warrant or order to raife <?r levy the fame; and the faid cafhiers

bank to give a of the bank, or any one of them, fhall, upon the production of

the officer a like certificate, on production of which, the

receipt for the money.

commiffioners, which fhall be a difeharge.

fuch laft-mentioned certificate, accept and receive from fuch officer or officers the monies fo raifed or levied in fatisfaftion of the payments whereof default fhall be fo made as aforefaid, and at the foot of fuch certificate acknowledge the receipt of the faid Receipts to be monies, without fee or reward; and every fuch receipt fhall be entered and afterwards brought to the office of the faid commiffioners hereby attefledlby the appointed, and by them entered in proper books, to be provided rrtmmi	and	kept	for that purpofe, and the faid commiffioners, or any two

or more of them, fhall atteft the fame under their hands, and return the fame to the person or persons producing the fame at the faid office; and every fuch receipt fo attefted, and every fuch entry in any of the faid books, fhall refpeftively from thenceforth be an acquittance and difeharge for the fums exprefled therein to have been received, as againft the faid commiffioners, and every of them, their and every of their executors and adminiftrators, as well to the person or persons to whom fuch receipts fhall be given, as to all and every the persons who fhall have entered into any fecurity in refpeft of the exchequer bills mentioned in fuch certificate to which fuch receipt fhall be fubferibed, their and every of their heirs, executors, and adminiftrators refpeftively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enafted, That all and every firm and fums of money which fhall be paid into the bank of England, under or by virtue of this aft, fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty exchequer at JVeJhninJhr, diftinftly and apart from all other monies • and that there fhall be provided and and kept apart kept, in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer a from other book or books, in which all the monies paid into the faid receipt by virtue of this aft fhall be entered, fepar^te and apart from all

other

Money paid into the bank to be, from time to time, paid into the exchequer,

monies, and to be fiibjedt

Hosted by



1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii ill. c, 29.	77

other monies paid into the faid receipt upon any other account to the ufes^

whatever; and that all the monies To paid into the faid receipt by	*Pec^

virtue of this aft {hall be fubjeft and liable to the ufes and pur-

pofes herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fav), in the firft place,

for paying ofF and difcharging all the exchequer bills to be made

out by virtue of this aft, with fuch intereft as (hall be payable

thereon at the refpeftive days and times, and in the order and

courfe in which the fame are hereby direfted to be difcharged;

and all fuch exchequer bills, and intereft thereon as aforefaid,

{hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and {hall be repaid and borne by and out of the firft monies that {hall arife in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer accordingly; and after paying off and difcharging the fame, in the next place to pay off all the charges and expences which {hall be incurred by the faid commiffioners hereby appointed in carrying this aft into execution, and to make good all fuch fums as {hall have been blued to • the faid commiffioners out of the publick monies towards the faid charges and expences, in purfuance of the orders of the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, according to the directions of this aft, and alfo to pay and fatisfy all charges and expences incident to or attending the making out fuch exchequer bills; and if any furplus {hall remain of the monies paid into the faid receipt by virtue of this aft, after fatisfying the fcveral fums hereby charged thereon as aforefaid, fuch furplus {hall be referved for the difpofition of parliament.

XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That on the feveral days Treafury to and times on which fuch exchequer bills are,hereby direfted to caufeaccounts be difcharged, that is to fay, on the thirtieth day of September ^cheq^?1 ° next enfuing the palling of this aft, the thirtieth day of December bjns when then next enfuing, the thirty-firft day of March one thoufand payable, and feven hundred and ninety-four, and the thirtieth day of June then the money next enfuing, or within ten days after fuch days refpeftively, the lords commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, charge°them* or the lord high treafurer for the time being, fhall caufe a true and perfeft account in writing to be taken, and attefted by the proper officers, of all the exchequer bills to be made out in pursuance of this aft, which fhall become payable on the refpeftive days and times before fpecified, and of the monies which {hall then be in the faid receipt applicable to the paying off and difcharging the fame; and if the money which fhall have arifen in Anyde the faid exchequer for or on account of the payments to be made cy to be made by the bank of England by virtue of this aft, on the refpeftive	the

periods before-mentioned, fhall not be fufficient to difcharge the consolidated whole principal and intereff due as aforefaid on the feveral exche- fund, quer bills to be ifluedjn purfuance of this aft, then fuch deficiency fhall and may be fupplied and made good by and out of the aids or Supplies which fhall have been or (hall be granted in this or any fubfequent feffion of patliament; and in cafe the monies anting from fuch aids or Supplies Shall not at that time be fuificient for that purpofe, then all the faid exchequer bills,

remaining

....	Hosted by GoOglc

78

Monies iffued out of the confolidated fund to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Monies afterwards paid in purfuance of this aft to be applied towards replacing deficiencies.

Bank may advance money on the credit of this aft.

Comifiioner8 to give an account of their proceed, ings to the treafury.

Major part of commif-fioners may

Anno rcgni tricesimo tertio GeorgiI III. c, 29'. [1793.

remaining undifcharged, with the intereft and charges incident to or attending the fame, {hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies as at any time .or times, after any fucb deficiency fhall happen* fhail be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fund called The Confoli-dated Fund,, (except fuch monies of the faid confolidated fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf), and fuch monies of the faid confolidated fund fhall and may be iflued and applied from time to time, as foon as the fame can be regularly ftated and afcertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difcharging fuch re-maing exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, until the whole of them fhall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or monev fuf-ftcient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpeftive proprietors thereof.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That whatever monies fhall be fo iffued out of the faid confolidated fund fhall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to be hereafter granted in parliament, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided alfo, That whatever monies (hall be afterwards paid by the bank of England into the faid receipt in purfuance of this aft, fhall be applied towards replacing the monies before iffued of the faid aids or fupplies, or out of the faid confolidated fund, as the cafe may be ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and maybe lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majefty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this aft, any lum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of five millions; any thing in an aft made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign King William and Queen Mary, (intituled, An ah for granting to their Majeflies fever a I rates and duties upon tonnage of Jhips and veffels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid a5i me?itioned to fuch petfons as Jhall voluntary advance the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, toivard carrying on the war agai?ift France), to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XLII, And be it further enabled, That the faid commifiioners hereby appointed fhall from time to time at their diferetion, or as often as they {hall be thereunto required, during their carrying on any proceedings by virtue of this aft, and as foon as poffible after the determination of fuch proceedings, without any further requiftion, give an account of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being.

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That if any of the faid commifiioners appointed by this aft {hall decline to aft in the execution of the powers and trufts hereof, or, having begun to

e	aft.

 

1793-] Annoregni trlcefimo tertioGeorgiiIII. c. 29.	79

aft, (hall decline to a ft any further therein, or (hall depart this fill up vacan-life during the continuance of this aft, it fhall and may be lawful ^7^^* to and for the remaining commiffioners, or the major part of them, collfent Gf ^ afting as aforefaid, by any writing under their hands and feals, by treafury. and with the confent and approbation of the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to conftitute and appoint fuch person or persons to be a commiffioner or commiilioners for the purpofes aforefaid, in the place of the commiffioner or commiffioners fo refufing to aft, or declining further to aft, or dying, as aforefaid, as the laid afting commiilioners, or the major part of them, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, fhall think fit, and fo often as fuch cafe fhall happen; and the person or persons fo conftituted and appointed by the faid commiffioners, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, having firft qualified to aft, by taking and fubfcribing the oath herein-before provided and direfted, fhall be inverted with the fame powers and authorities as are given or delegated by this aft unto the faid com-miffioner or commiffioners conrtituted by this aft refpeftively.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be Perfons ad-lawful for all perfons, bodies politick or corporate, advancing any vj*nc»ng ex-of the exchequer bills to be iifued by virtue of this aft by way of mavchar^^ loan to any persons who may be willing to accept fuch exchequer 5 p'er Genu bills, valuing the fame at the fum which fhall be expreffed there- intereft. in refpeftively, together with fuch intereft as may have accrued thereon at the time of advancing fuch loan, to charge and receive intereft for fuch loan, at the rate of five pounds per centum per aumnn ; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding*

XLV. And be it further enafted, That the faid commif- Commiffion-fioners fhall and may receive and fend all their letters and er? may r(~r packets free from the duty of portage, provided that fuch letters ^te^s'ffee A and packets as fhall be fent to the faid commiffioners be direft- ofpoftage. ed to the commiffioners for the iftue of exchequer bills at their office, and that all fuch letters and packets as fhall be fent by them be dated from their faid office, and fhall be figned, on the outfide of fuch letters and packets, by fuch person as the faid commiffioners, with the confent of the lords commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, (hall appoint, and under fuch reftriftions and regulations as the faid commiffioners of the treafury fhall think proper and direft.

XLV I. And be it further enafted, That any wares or mer- Depofits not chandizes fold by publick fale by way of auftion, under the au- liable to the thority of this aft, fhall and may be fold free of the duty impofed au&*on duty, upon fales by auftion.

XLVII. And be jt further enafted, That no aftion or fuit Limitation of {hall be commenced againft any person or persons for any actions, thing done by virtue of or in purfuance of this aft, until four-? teen days notice thereof, in writing, fhall have been given to the fecretary for the time being of the faid commiffioners, nor after a fufficient fatisfaftion or a tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after fix calendar months next

after

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

So

General ifTue.

Treble cofts.

, Perfons counterfeiting cer-lificates, &c. guilty cf felony.

Commencement of ad.

Affirmations may be admi-niftered.

Ad may be altered or repealed in this feffion.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 29. [ 1793.

after the faft committed; and every fiich aftion fhall be brought in the faid refpeftive courts of ^exchequer, and, fhall be laid in the county of Middlefex or city of Edingburgb refpeftively, and not elfewhere; and the defandant or defendants, in fuch aftion or fuit, fhall and may plead the general blue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if the fame fhall appear fo to be done, or if fuch adtion or fuit fhall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be brought without fourteen days notice thereof, or fhall be brought in any other county or place, or after a fufficient fatisfaftion made or tendered as aforefaid, that then the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their aftion or aftions, or if a ver-dift fhall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofis, and fhall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in any other cafes by law.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That if any person or persons fhall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully aft or affift in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any certificate or certificates of the faid commiflioners by this aft appointed as aforefaid, or any of them, or any receipt or receipts to be given by the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, in purfuance of this aft; or fhall wilfully deliver to the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer for the time being, or to any officer appointed by him, or to the faid commiflioners by this aft appointed, or any of them, or to any officer or officers appointed by them, or any of them, in the execution of the powers of this aft; or fhall utter any fuch forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or any body or bodies politick or corporate, or any person whomfoever, then and in every fuch cafe all and every person or persons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That this aft fhall commence from and immediately after the fame fhall have received the royal aflent;

L. And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where an oath may be adminiftered by^this aft, it fhall be lawful to adminifter an affirmation in lieu thereof, as the cafe may require.

LI. And' be it further enafted, That this aft, or any of the provifions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any aft or acts to be puffed in this prelent feffion of parliament.

Hosted by

CAP.

t793-] Annoregni tricelimo tertio Georgii III. c. 30.	81

CAP. XXX.

An aSl for the letter preventing forgeries and frauds in the tranf-fers of the federal funds transferrabk at the bank of England.—*

[April 30, I793.]

WHEREAS the laws now in being have been found infuffi* Preamble. dent to prevent forgeries and frauds in the transferring flock's, annuities, and other publick funds, transferrable at the bank of England : and whereas, for the better preventing fuch forgeries and frauds in future, it is neceffary that further provifion Jhould be made, as well to prevent frauds praffifed by persons taking upon themfelves to make transfers, in the books of the■ governor and company of the bank if England, of flock or annuities, or other funds, transferrable as aforefaid, whereof fuch persons are not the true owners and proprietors, as to prevent forgeries of fuch transfers in the names of the true owners or proprietors: and whereas it is alfo neceffary, the better to prevent fuch forgeries and frauds, that the publick accounts between the governor and company of the bank of England and the fever al owners and proprietors of flock, annuities, and other funds, transferrable at the bank of England, Jhould be fecured from falfification by means of falfe entries therein, or of the alteration of the words or figures thereof or by any other ways or means zvhatfoever; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the tenth Perfons m.ak-day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three* if any !n£ or affifling

j	j	^	%	j	/	j	\\\ marine

perfon ot persons fhall wilfully make, or aflift in making, any transfers "of transfer of any intereft, part, or (hare of or in any ftock or ftocks, flock in any annuity or annuities, or other funds, transferrable at the bank of other names England, in any of the books of the faid governor and company Q^^g^uiltv of the bank of England, in which transfers of ftock, annuities, Qf felony; or other funds, as aforefaid are made, in the name or names of any person or persons not being the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, of fuch ftock, annuities, or other funds, transferrable as aforefaid^ with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever, fuch person or persons fo making, or aftifting in making, fuch tranf-fer as aforefaid, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fliall fuffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That ?^e Perf°n* if any person or persons whatfoever (hall, from and after the tenth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, falfely forging, make, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfely transfers, made, forged, or counterfeited, or fhall willingly a£t or aflift in the falfely making, forging, or counterfeiting of any transfer of any intereft, part, or fhare of or in any ftock or ftocks, annuity or annuities, or other funds transferrable, or which, by any atft or a£ts of parliament, fhall hereafter be made transferrable, at the bank of England, or of or in the capital ftock belonging or which Vol. XXXIX.	G	here-

Hosted by CjOCK^LC

And alfo perform making or afhfting in making falfe

82	Anno	regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 31. [1793.

hereafter (hall or may belong to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, called Bank Stock, or (hall utter or publifh as true any fuch falfe, forged, or counterfeited transfer as afore-faid, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever; all and every person or persons whatfo-ever fo offending fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

III.	And be it further enadfted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid tenth day of May one thouland feven hundred and ninety-three, if any person or persons (hall wilfully make,

entries in the or affift in making, any falfe entry, or fhall wilfully alter, or affift; books of the ;n altering, any word or figure in any entry in the books of ac-bank,.&c. count kept by the faid governor and company of the bank of England, wherein the fe'veral accounts of the owners or proprietors of {lock, annuities, or other funds, transferrable at the bank England, are entered and kept, or fhall in any manner wilfully falfify the accounts of fuch owners and proprietors in the books of the faid governor and company, wherein fuch accounts are entered and kept, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever, every fuch person or persons fo offending fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

IV.	And whereas, in order to cover and conceal forgeries and frauds in transfers, dividend warrants have been fometimes made out for different fums than the fums really due; be it therefore further

Perfons mak- ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any clerk, officer, ing out, See. or fervant of, or other person or persons employed or intrufted falfe dividend by, the faid governor and company fhall, from and after the faid ^tranfViled tent^ day May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, for 7 years, knowingly or willingly make out or deliver, or caufe or procure to be made out or delivered, or willingly a£l or affift in the making out or delivering, of any dividend warrant for a greater or lefs amount than the person or perfons, on whofe behalf, or pretended behalf, fuch dividend warrants fhall be made out, is or are entitled to, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever, all and every fuch person or persons fo offending, and being in due form of law convi<£Ied of any fuch offence or offences as aforefaid, fhall be tranfported for feven years.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft to enable the common council of the town of Liverpool, in the county of Lancafter, on behalf and account of the corporation of the faid town, to ilfue negotiable notes for a limited time, and to a limited amount.—[May 10, 1793.]

Power given to the common council of Liverpool to iffue for two years, from May 25, 1793, notes payable to bearer for 50I. and look with inn-reft, and for live months after the two years, notes for 50I. and iool. payable to bearer with intercll: on May 35, 1796, and during the two

Hosted by G00gle

*793'] Anno regnf tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 32—34.

years and five months, from May 25, 1793, notes for 5I. and iol. payable to bearer on demand without intereft; but the notes in circulation fliall never at any one time exceed 300,000!. Notes iflued for 5I. and iol. not to be fueable for three years, from May 25, 1793, though payable on demand; but may be exchanged for intereft notes. Money due on notes, if not paid, may be recovered by action at law. Expences of the ad: to be defrayed by the corporation of Liverpool. Account of notes iffued to be laid before parliament annually. Prohibiting the corporation of Liverpool from trading in goods and merchandize. Sales to be made by the corporation, to be made for a valuable confideration, and fhall be applied to the difeharge of their debts. Publick ad*

CAP. XXXII.

An ad for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of 1,500,000b for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned; and for providing that the governor and company of the bank of England fhall not be fubjed to any penalties, by reafon of an ad made in the fifth year of the reign of King William & Queen Mary, on account of their advancing money for the payment of bills of exchange accepted by, or by the direction of the commiflioners of his Majefty's treafury, and made payable at the bank of England.—[May 7, 1793.]

His Majefty may impower the treafury to caufe loans to be received, or exchequer bills made out for 1,500,000b anytime before Jan. 5% 1794, agreeable to 33 Geo. 3. c. 11, Powers of 33 Geo. 3. c. 11. to extend to this ad, except as herein excepted. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the firft aids granted next feftion, and if not granted before July 5, 1794, to be paid out of the confolidated fund. Monies iflued from the confolidated fund to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank may advance money on the credit of this ad. 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 10. not to fubjed the bank to any penalty for advancing money to pay bills of exchange accepted by the treafury, but not fpecifically lent on the revenue.

Account of money fo advanced to be annually laid before parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An ad for repealing part of an ad, pafted in the firft year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An ad for preventing frauds in the duties upon fait, and for the better payment of debentures at the cuftom houle, which may relate to the refining and making of fait at certain works intended to be ereded at Garfton, in the county Palatine of Lancafter, inftead of the prefent fait works at Liverpool.—[April 30, 1793.]

Ad 1 Q^ Anne, c. ai, recited. So much of recited ad as prohibits the refining of rock fait, &c. except within ten miles of the pits from whence taken, repealed with refped to the works at Garfton. Power given to efed fait pans, See. at Garfton. As foon as the new fait work fliall be begun to be ufed, the works at Liverpool to be difeontinued. Ad not to diminifh duties. How fines may be recovered. Application of fines. Pub-lick ad.

CAP. XXXIV.

An afl for the relief of the captors of prizes, with refpefl to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom.—[Aday

10, 1793.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provifion refpefling vef Preamble.

fels and goods taken and condemned as prize, during the prefent hofl Hi ties with France; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords lpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That any

G 2	goods.,

 

84	Anno	regni	tricesimo	tertio	GeoRGH IIT. c. 34. [1793.

cond^m^a Sooc^s> wares, or merchandize, which have been taken fince the tk>a Cmav be cornmencement? or may be taken during the continuance, of the landed in any prefent hostilities with France, and which have been or may be port of^Great brought into Great Britain by any of his Majefty’s {hips of Britain, and War, or by any private or othef (hip or veffel having,commiffion th^King’s 1 ^roiil the	admiral	of	Great	Britain$ or the corn-

locks in mi (Boners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great warehoufes Britain for the time being, (hall and may, upon condemnation provided at thereof as lawful prize, be landed in any port within this king-the captors °* ^orn> an<^ fecured under the King’s locks in warehoufes pro-with the ap- vided at the foie expence of the captors, with the privity and probation of approbation, and under the care and infpedtion refpedbively of the the commiffi- commiffioners or other principal officers for colledting and ma-cuftoms and naging refpedtive duties of cuftoms and excife; and upon excife.	admiffion of any fuch goods into fuch warehoufes, there (hall

be paid by the captors or their agents the following duties ; that is to fay,

Duties to be For every ton of wine or vinegar, containing two hundred paid on anc[ fifty-two gallons, the fum of three pounds, if taken by a (hip arize eoods war’ or a Pr^vate veffel; for every ton of brandy, contain-mto ware-	ing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, the fum of two pounds

houfes.	five (hillings, if taken by a fhip of war, and the fum of fifteen

{hillings, if taken by a private veffel; for every hundred weight of brown Mufcovado fugar, the fum of fix {hillings, if taken by by a fhip of war, and the fum of two {hillings, if taken by a private veffel; for every hundred weight of coffee, the fum of ten {hillings and fixpence, if taken by a {hip of war, and the fum of three {hillings and fix-pence, if taken by a private veffel; for every hundred weight of cocoa, the fum of three {hillings and nine-pence, if taken by a {hip of war, and the fum of one {hilling and three-pence, if taken by a private veffel; and upon all other goods, wares and merchandife, not particularly excepted or otherwife charged with duty by this a£t, for every hundred pounds of the value, the fum of feven pounds ten {hillings, if taken by a fhip of war, and the fum of two pounds ten (hillings, if taken by a private veffel.

No duties to II. Provided always, That no duties whatever (hall be demand-be paid for	ed or taken for any prize goods, confiding of military or (hips’

heretn^erf5	H°res9 videlicet, fails, cordage, anchors and cables, mails, yards,

merated. * bowfprits, blocks, guns, gunpowder, (hot, match, gun carriages, cartridges, and other materials thereto belonging, and all timber and iron converted into and made fit for (hip building, or for any of the ufes and purpofes aforefaid; falted beef, pork, and butter, bifcuit, fmall beer,^peafe and oatmeal; failors cloaths, hammocks, bedding, and apparatus and inftruments belonging to furgeons, or for any goods which, by any law in force on and immediately before the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and p -	>	ninety-three, may be imported into this kingdom duty free,

•^c^ob/fub' III. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That ject to the all wheat, wheat meal or fiour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, rules, See. of oatmeal, peafe, beans, Indian corn and maize, taken and con-.^iGeo. 3. c,jo.	demned

 

1*7930 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34.	8£

demned as prize, fhall, on the fame being brought into any port of this kingdom, be warehoufed and fubjeCl to fuch rules, regulations^ reftri&ions, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as are provided $nd enaCled in an aCl, pafled in the thirty-foil year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An adfor regulating the importation and expoj'tation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britifh corn exported), as fully and effe&ually to all intents and purpofes as if all the claufes, powers, directions, and authorities in the faid recited aCl were particularly repeated and enaCted in the body of this prefent aft,

IV.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid. That China or Eaft all goods of the growth, production, or manufacture of China, or

the Eaft Indies, taken and condemned as prize, fhall be publickly publicklyfold, expofed to fale in the city of London by the captors or their agents, under fuch notice of fuch fale being foil given to the proper officers of the rates as are cuftoms or excife refpe&ively concerned therein; and fuch goods £^s fhall be fold on fuch conditions, and under fuch rules, regula- ]n(jia Com. tions, and reftriCtions, as are ufed and praCtifed at the fales of the pany, &c. Eajl India company, and the goods fhall be fubjeCl to fuch duties, and entitled to fuch drawbacks as the like goods are fubjeCt and entitled to when imported by the Eajl India company, and the full duties due and payable on fuch goods fhall be paid in all cafes by the captors or their agents.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Prize tobacco

tobacco and fnuff of all forts taken as prize, and brought into and fnuff,

any port of Great Britain, not being; a port enumerated in an brought into J r rr 1 .	.	5.	.	r	. r any port not

a6t, palled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prelent enumerated in

Majefty, (intituled, An all for repealing the duties on tobacco and 39Geo.3.c.6S* fnuff, and for granting neiv duties in lieu thereof); and in another aCl, pafled in the thirty-firfl year of the reign of his pre- or 31 Geo. 3, fent Majefty, (intituled, An ad to prevent other ftps than ihofe c* 47-laden with tobacco from mooring and difcharging their lading at the poTt°enum° * places appointed by an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign rated. of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An aCl for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof; to prohibit the exportation of damaged or mean tobacco ; and for per-mining the importation of tobacco and fuff into the port of New- condemna^* caftle upon Tyne), fhall be removed according to the provi- tion, to be fions of the faid aCl of the twenty-ninth of his prefent Majefty, lodged in the as foon as may be, under the ufual coafl difpatches and fecurities, to fome one of the ports enumerated in the faid a&; and that fuch koufes an(j~ tobacco and fnuff, and aifo tobacco and fnuff of all forts taken may be ex-as prize, and brought in any port enumerated in the faid aCl, ported duty fhall, on condemnation as prize, be warehoufed in his Majefly’s tobacco warehoufe at fuch port, and be fubjeCl and liable to ware- confurl)ption, houfe rent, at the rate of one penny halfpenny per week for every on payment of hogfhead, or other package; and fuch tobacco and fnuff may be duty, &c. exported from fuch warehoufe, without payment of any duty, or may be taken out of fuch warehoufe for home confumption or manufacture, on payment of the duties due and payabje on tobacco and fnuff of the growth or production of his Majefly’s co-loniesj plantations^ iflands, or territories in America 3 and fuch

G 3	Hosted	by	Goggle

Prize goods, the growth &c. of France, ibid for home confumption,

table C. of

27Geo.3.c.i3,

&c.

86	Anno	regni	tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34. [1793.

tobacco and fnufF, fo warehoufed, fliall be fubjedft and liable to the rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures as are provided and enabled with relpedf to warehouled tobacco and fnufF in the faid a£t, pafled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and in an a£f palled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An ad to explain and amend an aCl, made in the lajl feffton of parliament, intituled\ An a£l for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof), and alfo in the faid recited aft, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any goods the growth, produce, or manufacture of France, lhall be taken and condemned as prize, andlhall be fold for home confumption, the fame lhall be fubjeft and liable to the like du-

to be liable to ties as the fame fort of goods are made fubjeft and liable to by the duties in tjle taye marked C. annexed to an aft pafled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An ad for repealing the feveral duties of cufloms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the jaid duties, together with the other duties compofwg the publick revenue ; for permitting,the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction cf the national debt), or by any fubfequent aft or afts of parliament by which the duties on any of the faid goods are in any-wife altered.

VII.	And whereas it may in fome cafes, be impracticable for the captors or their agents to procure veffels to export prize goods direCily from the ports where they are wareboufed in purfuance of this aCi, and the keeping fuck goods for a confiderable time, in order to procure fuch veffels, may be attended with great expence and lofs to the captors; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it lhall and may be lawful for the commif-fioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms,. or any four or more of them, in any cafe where they lhall think proper, to order fuch goods, fo fecured in any warehoufe in this kingdom, tobacco and lnulF excepted, to be removed and fent from thence for exportation to any cuftom-houfe warehoufe at any other place or port in Great Britain, by and under the feai of office of the colleftor and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port from whence the goods are intended to be fo removed, at the expence of the captors or their agents, or other person or persons who may have purchafed the fame • and in fuch cafe the fecurity direfted by this aft lhall be taken by the cuftomer or colleftor of the port to which fuch goods are removed, before they are delivered for exportation, inftead of the cuftomer or colleftor of the port where they were firft warehoufed as aforefaid > any thing in the prefent act to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all goods taken as prize and condemned abroad, lhall, on importation into Great Britain, be intitled to the benefit and in-

- diligence

Hosted by \JOO^ 1C

Commifii-oners of the cuftoms may authorife warehoufed goods (tobacco and fnuff excepted), to be removed for exportation to any cuf-ftom-honfe warehoufe, &c.

Prize goods condemned abroad, to be

1793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34.'

dalgence granted to prize goods by this aft, provided a certificate, from and under the hand and feal of the judge of the court in which fuch goods {hall have been condemned, lhall be produced to the collector or principal officer of his Majefty’s customs at the port or place into which fuch goods {hall be imported, certifying the condemnation thereof; and the mafier of the fhip or veflel on board of which fuch goods fhall be imported, fhall, together with the importer, proprietor, or confignee, make oath before the faid collector or principal officer, (who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame), that, to the beft of their knowledge and belief, the goods fo imported are the identical goods mentioned in the faid certificate of condemnation.

IX.	And whereas goods of the growth, productions or manufac-ture of China, or the Eaft Indies, taken as prize, may, during the prefent hojhlities with France, be carried into fo?ne of the out ports of this kingdom and condemned; in order that the duties due thereon may be properly afeertained, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where fuch goods fhall be carried into any out port in this kingdom, and condemned as prize, bond, with fufficient fecurity, fhall be given to his Majefty, in treble the value of fuch goods, that the fame fhall be brought to London and delivered to his Majefty’s warehoufe-keeper at the cuftom houfe for the port of London, to be depofited by him in ware-houfes provided at the expence of the captors or their agents, and approved of by the commiftioners of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them; and with further condition to produce a certificate from fuch warehoufe-keeper, within three months from the date of fuch bond, that the goods have been delivered accordingly, which fecurity the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, at the port from whence fuch goods are to be removed, are hereby authorifed and empowered to take, and to cancel and difeharge fuch bond, upon receiving the certificate from the warehoufe-keeper as herein-before directed ; and if fuch goods fhall be fent by land carriage, they fhall be removed under the feals of office of fuch collector and comptroller or principal officer of the cuftoms, and fhall be accompanied with a tranfire, exprefling the number and marks of the packages ; and all fuch goods fo removed, either by land or water, fhall afterwards be publickly expofed to fale in the city of London, by the captors or their agents, they giving notice of fuch fale to the proper officers of the cuftoms or excife refpeftively concerned therein, by the fame rules, regulations, and reftric-tions, in all refpefts, as the duties payable upon the like goods, imported by and fold at the fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajln I dies, are computed and charged, and the duties due by law thereon fhall be accordingly paid and applied; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding.

X.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, where any foreign fhip or veflel hath been, or fhall hereafter be, taken during the prefent hoftilities, and condemned as

G 4	prize3

87

inti tied on im portation to the benefit of this aeft on certain conditions.

Bond to be given that China or Eaft India goods condemned at out ports {hall be delivered to the warehoufe-keeper at the cuftom houle in London, &c.

Goods fo removed by land carriage to be accompanied with a tranfire.

Such goods to be publickly fold in London, &c.

For foreign veflels, condemned out of the kingdom, the duty to be

Hosted by



88	Anno	regni	tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34. [1793.

paid at the	prize, in any of his Majefty’s dominions, out of this kingdom,

therein	^uty ^ue anc^ Payable by law for fuch fhip or veffel fliall be

they may be	uPon	her	firft arrival at any port in this kingdom, to the

fold to pay the coileftor of his Majefty’s cuftoms at fuch port, by the mafter.

duty.

Warehoufed prize goods may be exported on payment of

owner, or confignee, of fuch {hip or veffel, whether the fame fhall, or Ihall not, have been fold by the captors after condemnation, and that no foreign-built {hip or veffel fo condemned fhall enjoy or be entitled to the privilege of a Britifh~built fhip or veffel, until fuch duty is paid for the fame ; and it fhall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to flop and detain fuch fhip or veffel at any port in Great Britain, until the faid duty is paid as aforefaid ; and in cafe payment thereof fhall not be made for the fpace of three calendar months after the arrival of fuch lhip at any port in this kingdom, it fhall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, of any three or more of them, to caufe fuch fhip or veffel, and her nrafts, apparel, and furniture, to be fold publickly to the beft: bidder, and the produce thereof to be applied, firft, to the charges that fhall arife by fuch detention and fale, next, to the cuftoms and duties, and the overplus to be paid to the proprietor of fuch fhip or veffel, or other person duly authorifed by fuch proprietor to receive the fame.

XI. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That any prize goods which fhall be received into any warehoufe in purfuance of this aft, or which are now remaining in any warehoufe in this kingdom, where they have been fecured under the King’s locks, by the permiffion of the commiffioners of the

the duties un- cuftoms, fliall and may, upon payment of the refpective duties and^vin^* before direfted by this aft, be exported at any time direftly from boncf for their thence, either by the captors or their agents, or by any other exportation, person or perfons, without paying any further duty of cuftoms or excife for the fame; the person or persons exporting the fame giving fufficient fecurity, in double the value of the goods, before the delivery thereof out of the warehoufe, that the fame fhall be really and truly exported, and not brought back again or relanded in any part of Great Britain, or landed in the iftands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark or Man, pr the iftands of Faro or Ferro \ which fecurity the cuftomer- or collefter of the port from whence the fame are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorifed to take in his Majefty’s name, and to his Ma-jefty’s ufe.

XII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any goods fliall be taken out of any warehoufe wherein they are fecured as aforefaid, to be confumed in this kingdom, the person or persons fo taking out the fame fliftl firft pay up the remainder of the duties which would have to pay remain-been due and payable to bis Majefty thereon, if the fame had dei- ot duties, been regularly imported by way of merchandize into this king-dom j and fuch goods {hall, in all other refpefts, be liable to the fame reftriftions and regulations to which they would have been fubjeft if this aft had not been made.

XIII. And

Goods taken out of ware-hopfes to be confumed in the kingdom.

Hosted by



*793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 34.	89

XIII.	And whereas* the clandefiine i?nportation and running of

fpirits, tea,	prohibited goods into this kingdom, tfztfy, during

the prefent hofilities,	carried on to a great degree in large veffels

fitted ouf and armed as privateers: and whereas by means of this illicit commerce, fo prejudicial to the publick revenue and the fair trader, the power with whom Great Britain is now 'carrying on hcfiili-ties, may receive intelligence very detrimental to this kingdom : for the better preventing whereof be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the palling of this aft, if any Veffels corm ffrip or veffel whatever which fhall be commiflioned by letters of miffioned by marque, or general reprifals, or otherwife, by his Majefty’s com- the admiralty miflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great foJ^ignTpirits Britain, fhall be found at fea, or in any port of this kingdom, or Qn board1, in at any diftance from the coafts thereof, having qn board any calks under foreign brandy or other foreign fpirituous liquors in any yeffels 60 gallons

or cafks which fhall not contain fixty gallons at the leaft, except	™	e

pnly for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to and on board above 61b. of fuch fhip qr veffel v not exceeding two gallons for each feaman, tea, or any pr any tea exceeding the quantity of fix pounds weight, or any other goods whatever, which are or may be liable to forfeiture forfcited°&c. by any aft of parliament upon being imported into Great Britain,	}

then not only all fuch goods, but alfo the fhip or veffel on board which they fhall be found as aforefaid, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle and apparel, fhall be forfeited and loff, and the fame fhall and may be carried and delivered to the care and cuffody of the collector and comptroller of hisMajefty’s cuf-toms at any port in this kingdom; and the fame fhall be feized, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of, by fuch ways and rules, and in fuch manner and form, as fuch veffels and goods would be liable to be feized, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of by any law in force, if the fame hac} been found within the limits of any part of this kingdom ; and the letters of marque, or general reprifals, or any other commiilions for fuch fhip or veffel, fhall be null and void ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notr withftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That where any duties are impofed by this aft, or any drawbacks Duties and

allowed, the fame fhall be railed, levied, collefted, applied, re- drawbacks to

covered, allowed, and paid, under fuch and the like rules, regu-

jations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the duties im- 27 Q.eo> 3> c.

pofed, and drawbacks allowed by virtue of the faid recited aft,. 13.

paffed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Ma-

jeffy, are raifed, levied, collected, applied, recovered, allowed,

and paid, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as

if all the claufes, powers, directions, and authorities of the

faid recited aft were repeated and enafted .in the body of this

prefent aft.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That this aft fhall continue in force during the prefent hoftilities Aft to conti-with France; but that the fame, or any part thereof-, may be va- nue during the

ried or altered during the prefent feffion of parliament.	Utie^Vc!

CAP.

Hosted by



9Q

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III, c. 35. [1793.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, puffed in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prejent Majefty, for the better relief and employment of the pobr. — [May 7, 1793.]

11 Geo. 3. c. TTTHEREAS, by an a 51 made in the twenty-fecond year of 3, recite . _VV the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An abt for the better relief and employment of the poor), it was among other things enabled^ "That whenever two third parts in number and value, according to the poor rate, of the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within any parifh, townjhip, or place, qualified as there-after mentioned, fhould, at any time after the pafiing of that at7, at a publick meeting ti be holden purfuant to the directions of that aft, fignify their approbation of the provifions therein contained, and their define to adopt them : and whereas doubts have arifen, •whether it be neceffiary that two third parts in number and value as aforefaid, of the whole number of persons fo qualified as aforefaid, fhould at fuch publick meeting fignify their approbation and defire as aforefaid: be it therefore declared and enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent Two thirds in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That number an whenever two third parts in number and value as aforefaid, of fuch qualified persons only, as have ablually attended, or may hereafter actually attend, at fuch publick meeting, have there fignified, or may hereafter there fignify, their approbation of the provifions in the faid abt contained, and their defire to adopt them, according to the form and manner preferibed by the faid abb, fuch approbation and defire fo fignified, or to be hereafter fo fignified, as aforefaid, have been, and (hall be, and are hereby declared to be, a due and fufticient compliance with the above-

value of persons qualified according to recited a<5t, who fhall attend any publick meetings and fignify their approbation of the provifions

cient.

thereof, fufla- recited provifion of the faid abt, according to the true intent and meaning of the fame.

II. And whereas alfo the duty of guardian of the poor, under the faid act, in certain parifioes, townfbips, or places, on account of the extent and population thereof has been found to be more than one per-Jon could fully and properly execute : and vjhcrcas alfo it is clefirable to prevent fuch difputes and litigations as might arife concerning the relief of fuch cafual poor as may happen to be within any one of the parifhes, townfhips, or places united or to be united together for the purpofis of the J'aid aft: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That whenever two third parts, in number and value as aforefaid, of the faid persons fo qualified, and abtually attending at fuch publick meeting as aforefaid, fhall nominate

confideration of the juftices of the ling, divifion, diftribt, city, town, or place where fuch meeting fhall be holden, three able and difereet persons qualified for guardians of the poor for fuch parifh, town-fhip, or place, and fhall fix the falary to be paid to fuch guardian, according to the manner and form preferibed by the faid abt;

o	and

A like number may recommend to thejuftices three persons qualified for guardians of the poor, &c.

and recommend to the peace of the county

 

1793.3 Anno regni tricesimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 36, 37.	91

and (hall alfo, at the faid publick meeting, by writing under their hands, fignify their opinion to the faid juftices, that, on account of the extent and population of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, more than one guardian of the poor is neceflary for the fame; and {hall exprefs their defire that two of the three persons fo nominated and recommended as aforefaid, may be appointed guardians of the poor for fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch of the faid juftices as are already empowered by the faid a£t to appoint one guardian for fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, to comply with the faid defire, and to appoint two guardians accordingly.

III.	And be it alfo further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That after the palling of this a£t, all fuch cafual poor, as may Cafualpoorto happen to be within, and would be entitled to relief from, any be relieved by one of fuch parifhes, townfhips, or places as have been, or may unit.ec? pari flies hereafter be, united together for the purpofes of the act here- J in-before firft mentioned, fhall be relieved by all the faid parifhes, townfhips, or places conjointly, and in the fame refpective proportion as they fhall and are directed to contribute for the general purpofes of the faid a£t, according to the provifions and regulations in the faid a£t fpecified and contained.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft to eftabliffi certain regulations refpetting officers ferving in fcveral corps of Fencible Men, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other corps which may be directed to be raifed in Great Britain.— [May 7, 1793.]

Commiffions in fencible regiments in Scotland, or in other corps in Great Britain, in which only the adjutants and quarter mailers lhall be entitled to half-pay and rank after redu£tion, not to vacate feats in parliament.

Officers of fuch corps and of the militia in England, when ferving together to rank according to the dates of commiffions. Half-pay officers during their fervice in fuch corps as lieutenants, &c.'to receive half-pay. The allowance of i2d. a day may be received by ferjeants of Chelfea Hofpital ferving in fuch corps.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft to amend an aft, made in the thirty-fir ft year of the reign of his late onajefy King George the Second, intituled., An a£t for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and affize thereof; and to punifh persons who fhall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, with refpeft to the time within which certain profecutions dir eft ed by the faid aft are to be brought. — [May 10,

I793-J

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made and pajfed in the Preamble.

thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An a£I for the due making of* bread, 3I qco 2 c and to regulate the price and affize thereof; and to punifh per- 29, recited. * fons who fhall adulterate meal, flour, or bread; it was amongf other things enafted. That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-eight, no person Jhould knowingly put into any corn, meal, or four, which Jhould be

ground.

 

9 4*	Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGH III. c. 37. [1793*

ground, drejfed, bolted,\ or ?nanufaftured for fale, either at the tint* of grinding, dreffing, boltings or in anywife manufacturing the fame5 other time or times, any ingredient, mixture, <?r thing what-foever, or Jhould knowingly fell, offer, or expofe to or for fale, any meal or four of one fort of grain as or for the meal or flour of any other fort of grain, or any thing as or for or mixed with the meal or flour of any grain, which Jhould not be the. real and genuine meal or flour of the grain the fa?ne ^Jhould i?npori to be, and ought to be, upon pain that every person ivbo Jhould offend in the premifes, and Jhould be thereof convifted in manner therein-after prescribed, Jhould forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lejs than forty Jhillings, as the magiflrate or magiflrates\ juflice or juflices, before whom fuch offender or offenders Jhould be convifted, Jhould think fit or order ; and the faid aft directs that no person Jhould be convicted, in manner therein aforefaid, for any of the offences in the faid aft before-mentioned, unlefs the profecution, in order to fuch conviftion, Jhould be commenced within three days next after the offence committed: and whereas the powers and remedies by the faid recited aft given and granted for enforcing the intention thereof, have been found by experience infuffcient to anjwrr the good purpojes thereby intended, and that it would be of great publick benefit and utility to have further and more effeftual powers given for carrying the intentions of the faid aft into execution ; and a further and other time given for convifting any offender or offenders guilty of adulterating any corn, meal, or flour, which Jhould be ground, drejfed, bolted, or manufaftured for fale as aforefaid, zuith any other ingredient, mixture, or thing whatfoever; may it therefore pleafe your hdajefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons* in this prefent Provifo limit- parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame* That* mg the time from and after the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred of conviction, ancj ninety-three* the herein-before recited provifo, contained in recited adt° 1^ie	fedion	of the faid in part recited ad* limiting the

repealed, and time of conviction for three days next after any of the offences profecution to committed, and in the faid recited ad mentioned, be repealed $ hecornmenced anc| that, from and after the faid firft day of June, no person (hall within 7 days. convided for any of the before-mentioned offences in the faid recited claufe mentioned and fet. forth, unlefs the information or other profecution, in order to fuch convidion, be laid or commenced within feven days next after the difeovery of any fuch offence or offences.

Publick ad. II. And be it further enaded, That this ad fhall be deemed* adjudged, and taken tQ be a publick ad; and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other pex;-fons whomfoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

 

CAP.

93

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 38.

CAP. xxxVni.

An a<ft for making and maintaining a navigable panal frdm or nearly from a place called The Saltisford, in the parifh of Saint Mary, in the borough of Warwick, unto or near to the parifh of Birmingham, iii the county of Warwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain navigable canal in or near to the Town of Birmingham, called The Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley canal navigations.

Certain persons incorporated by the Name of <£ The Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham canal navigation.” Atft to commence April 3, 1793. Canal to begin at a bridge at a place called TheSaitisford,inthe parifh of Saint Mary in Warwick, through Budbroofce* Hatton, Shrewley, Rowington, Kingfwood, BaddefRy, Clinton, Knowle, Solyhull, Hampton in Arden, Elmdon and Bickenhill, in the county of Warwick; Yardle'y in the county of Worcefter, and Afton juxta Birmingham, and Birmingham, and to terminate at the Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Fazeley canal. General powers. Surveys taken. Map and book of reverence authenticated by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and allowed as evidence. For making a communication with the Birmingham and Fazeley canal, and preventing lofs of water by the junction. For the tonnage and wharfage of all coals, coke, iron, iron ftone, and goods carried from the Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Fazeley canal into the intended canal, 6d. per ton, and from the intended canal to the faid Digbeth Branch, 3d. to be received by the proprietors of the Birmingham and Fazeley canal. For recovery of the rates to be paid to the Birmingham and Fazeley canal. Birmingham and Fazeley canal company may reduce the tonnage rates, and the navigation free, on payment of the faid rates. Birmingham and Fazeley canal to reduce the laid rates to 3d. a ton, when they have paid off 3,600b with intereft due to certain fubferibers of an intended canal, and to give an account thereof annually to this company. Power to deviate one hundred yards from the line laid down in the plan. Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obftrueft making the canal. Breadth of canal and towing paths to be thirty yards. Courfe of canal through Mr. Spooner’s and Sir Thomas Gooch’s lands deferibed. Canal to be made at a certain diftance From the houfes of Mr. Moland and Mrs. Baldwyn. Water to be takeii from the river Rea, or the ftream fupplying Olton mill. After the canal,

Sec. fet out, the land fo fet out, may be fold and conveyed to the company. Commifiioners names. In what cafes juries to be impanelled.

•aob penalty on fheriffs making default, and 5b on jurymen. Expences of commifiioners and jury. Perfons requefting juries to enter into a bond to profecute. Notice pf injury to be given to the company of proprietors before complaint made to the commifiioners. Perfons giving falfe evidence, liable to punifhment for perjury. Upon payment or tender of money affefied, the company to enter to make canal. Verdiifts, Sec. to be recorded, and lands become vefted in the company. The company to be taxed for lands and buildings in the fame proportion as adjoining lands. Purchafe monies to be laid out to the fame ufes. Commifiioners to fettle proportion of money to be paid to persons interefted. If cofts and damages not paid in four months, the fame may be levied by diflrefs and fale. Commifiioners to enter proceedings in a book, and appoint a clerk.

To deftroy the works felony. Proprietors may raife 100,oool. to be divided into fhares of lool. each, and no person tG have more than 13 (hares. Power to raife 30,000b more if neceffary. Five per cent, intereft to be paid to fubferibers, until the canal is finifhed. Subfcribers to have a vote for each fhare. Firft meeting of general aflembly on May zj, 1793, for choofing a committee. Committee to be under the controul of the general aflembly. General affemblies to confift of 350 fhares. Power of general affemblies. Power of committee. Subfcribers forfeiting, fhall have perfonal notice, and the forfeiture muft be declared at a general alterably. General affemblies may remove committee men, make bye laws, &c. On death of fubferibers before fhares completed, executors and admioiftrators allowed to contribute. Iiow fhares may be difpofed of.

After

 

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3S. [1795.'

After a call, no (bare to be fold until the money is paid. Officers to be appointed and to give fecurity. Bocks to be kept by the committee. Rates of tonnage; for coal, ftone, iron, timber and other things, for lei's than 6 miles and palling a lock, is. per ton. For 6 miles and lefs than iz miles, ad. per ton a mile. For 12 miles and lefs than 16, but not to pafs the uppermoft lock, at each end of the uppermoft fummit, as. per ton. For 16 miles and upwards, but not to pafs the uppermoft lock at both ends of the upper fummit, id. halfpenny per ton per mile. For navigating any part of the canal, and palling the locks at both ends of the upper fum-mit, as. 3d. per ton. From Birmingham towards Warwick, and pairing the upper lock below Hatton Hill, as. 9d. per ton. For 1 mile and lefs than 6 miles, and not palling any lock, ad. per ton a mile. Two thirds of the above rates for th^ tonnage of lime and lime ftone. Rates to be free from taxes. If iron, iron ftone, coals, lime, lime ftone or other goods, remain upon the company’s wharfs above a4 hours, wharfage to be paid. Exemptions. Company of proprietors may alter rates. , Mailers of boats, Sec. to give an account in writing to the collectors of the rates of goods on board. Weight of the lading of vellels to be marked on them. Boats to be gauged. One hundred and twenty pounds weight, deemed an hundred weight. Collectors may weigh goods. Navigation free on payment of rates. No veiTel lefs than ao tons or 70 feet long, to pafs through locks. Occupiers of lands may ufe pleafure boats, &c. Roads to be made through common field lands. Drains to be made for the adjoining lands. Towing paths to be feparated from the adjoining lands, and gates, bridges, Scc. to be made, and in cafe of failure commiffioners to do it. In cafe the company negleCl to repair works, land owners to do it. Works damaged by floods, to be repaired by the company. Coals, See. found in digging the canal, may be taken by the proprietors of land. Method of getting mines, and difeovering when they are working under the canal. Mines to be got by the owners, unlefs the company make fatisfaCtion. Owners of lands, Sec. may make cuts into the canal, and ereCt bridges, Sec. The company reftrained from erecting or taking down mills, buildings, Sec. without the confent of the owners. Land owners, Sec. may ereCt warehoufes, Sec. on their own land, and if not done within twelve months after notice, the company may build. Land owners for fix hours to have wharfage; for fix days id. halfpenny per ton for coals, ftone and brick, and 3d. for other goods. Cranes to be ereCted on the wharfs and quays. Boat mafters or owners to be anfwerable for damage done by their crew, and mafters to recover back from their fervants any turns paid for their negleCt. Proper places to be made for boats to turn or lie in, or to pafs each other Vellels lying fo as to obftruCt the navigation, to be removed. Five pounds penalty for overloading and obftruCting the paflage of the canal, or throwing ballaft into it. Injuring locks, gates, Sec. penalty not lefs than aos. nor more than 5]. Regulation for vefifels palling locks. Canal not to be under commilfioners of lowers. Remedy for fatlsfaClion to be made in grofs or by annual rent. For preferving rights of lords of manors and copyholds. Lords of manors and land owners, may fifh in canal. Perfons on board boats having nets. Sec. not qualified, to forfeit 5I. Electing new com mi Hi oners. Impower-ing the quarter fdlions to nominate commiffioners in certain cafes. Qualification of commilfioners to be 100I. a year real eftatc, or aoool. perfonal eftate. Commilfioners may aCt as juftices. Commilfioners to give 14 days notice of their meetings. Commiffioners to hold meetings when requefted. Power to hold Ipecial meetings for afeertaining damages. Meetings to be held within 5 miles of the canal. For recovering lands in cafe the canal fhall not be completed or difufed. Compelling iubferibers Xo pay. Majority of proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. Recovery and application of penalties. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari. Damages not provided for, to be fettled by the commiffioners. Perfons aggrieved by any irregularity in diftrefs, to recover only the fpecial damage. Appeal to quarter fdlions. Limitation of actions. General jilue. Treble cofts. Publick aCt.

CAP.

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tercio Georgii III. c. 39, 40. CAP. XXXIX.

An adt for the more eafy raifmg money upon the hundred of Hemlingford, in the county of Warwick, for paying the damages and cofts incurred on account of the late riots within the faid hundred, than is authorifed to be done by the laws now in being.—[June 3, 1793.]

Juftices of the peace for the county of Warwick adting for the hundred of Hemlingford, and the two knights of the fhire for the county, appointed commiffioners. Commiffioners to meet within twenty-one days after the pafling this adt, and treat for borrowing money on fecurity of the rates, and to make affeffments upon the inhabitants. The whole money to be affeffed within three years from June 1, 1793. Rates to be levied under warrants of commiflioners. Conftables or headbouroughs making default in levying rates, to forfeit double the film. Commiffioners to appoint a clerk and treafurer who is to account. Where there is no conftable or headbourough, commiffioners to appoint fome inhabitant. Account books to be open to infpedtion. Commiffioners may borrow 24,000b upon the rates. Securities not fubjedt to ftamp duty. Money borrowed and arif-ing by the rates to be paid to the treafurer. The money to be paid to the plaintiffs who have recovered judgement in adtions againft the hundred of Hemlingford. Manner of recovering rates where persons quit the pre-mi fes before payment thereof. Arrears of rates to be accounted for and paid by the reprefentatives of deceafed colledtors, and the affignees of fuch as become bankrupt. Arrears of rates, See. may be recovered from collectors removed. Deficiencies of rates to be made good by a re-affeffment upon the inhabitants. No proceedings to be had in the adtions commenced until after September 29, 1793. Limitation of adtions. General iffue. Treble coils. Publick adt.

CAP. XL.

An adt to continue feveral laws, relating to the landing rum or fpirits of the Britifh iugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excite; to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval ftores from the Britiih colonies in America; to the granting liberty to carry fugars of the gi'owth, produce, or manufadture of any of his Majefty;s jfugar colonies diredtly to foreign parts, in ihips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britifh fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies; to the granting a bounty on certain fpe-cies of Britifh and Irilh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and iitenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufadtures of this kingdom, and to prevent the feducing of artificers and workmen, employed in thofe manufadtures, to go into parts beyond the feas; to the afeertaining the ltrength of fpirits by Clarke's hydrometer; and to revive and continue an adt, made in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for the more effedtual encouragement of the manufadtures of flax and cotton in Great Britain.—[June 3, 1793.]

So much of 15 Sc 16 Geo. 2. c 25- as relates to the landing of rum, &c. before payment of duty, and lodging it in workhoufes, continued to September 29, 1799, See, So much of 8 Geo. 1. c. 12. as relates to the importation of timber, See. from America, continued to September 29, 1795, dec. 12 Geo. 2. c. 32. granting liberty to carry fugars of his Majeftyfs American colonies to foreign parts in Britiih fhips, continued to September 29, 1799^ See, So much of 17 Geo. 3. c. 43. as permits the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay to the Britiih plantations in the Weft Indies, continued to June 24, 1797, &c.	29	Geo.	2.	c.	15.	granting	a bounty on

certain ipecies of Britiih and Irifh linens exported, See. continued to June 24, 1794, Scc. 26 Geo.^. c. 89. extending to other tools and utenills.

25 Geo. 3. c. 67. continued for two years, Scc. So much of 27 Geo. 3.

€. 31. as diredts that all fpirits lhall be deemed of the ftrength denoted by

Clarke'$

 

$6 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii Itl. c. 41—^44..: f 1793-

Clarke’s hydrometer, continued to the end of the next feffion of parliament. 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. for the encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, revived, and continued to March 25,17916.

CAP. XLI.

An aCt to enable Robert Claxton, of Briftol, merchant, to take the oath prefcribed and directed to be taken by an aCt of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for the further encreafe and encouragement of {hipping and navigation.—[May 7, 1793.]

Acts 26 Geo. 3. c. 60. and 27 Geo. 3. c. 19. recited. Robert Claxton, of the city of Briftol, to be reftored to the capacity of being an owner of Britifh rtiip&, according to the laws of trade and navigation. Publick aCt.

CAP. XLII.

An aCt for incorporating the company of free fiffiers arid dredgers of Whitftable, in the county of Kent, and for the better ordering and government of the filhery.—[April 30, 1793*]

The Whitftable company of dredgers incorporated by the name of “The Company.of Free Filhers and Dredgers of Whitftable, in the county of Kent.’* Powers of the company vefted in the corporation. Corporation may purchafe the manor and royalty of Whitftable. A fteward and water bailiff and other officers to be appointed. Power to borrow money. Saving to his Majefty. General iffue. Limitation of actions* Treble cofta. PublickaCt.

CAP. XLIII.

An aCt for enlarging the powers of and rendering mor* effectual an aCt* made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aCt for rebuilding the pariffi church of Paddington in the county of Middlefex, and for enlarging the church-yard cf the fald pariffi.—[April 3c, x793-3

ACt 28 Geo. 3. c. 74. recited. Tru'ftees may" raife the ftirthef fum of a.5obi. Juftices who have iffued warrants of diftfefs under the former act, where fufficient diftrefs cannot be found, may commit the person againft whom fuch warrant lhall have iffued. Apportioning the rates between persons removed and persons coming into any hoafe or premifes in the pariffi. Truftees to pay balances to the church-wardens. Powers of the former a Cl', not altered by this aCt, extended to this aCt. Vaults and tombftones to be repaired by the owners. Money agreed for maybe paid, txpences of this aCt to be paid. Pu'blick act.

c a p. XLIV.

i

An all for requiring a certain form of oath of abjuration± and declaration, from his Majejly's fubjeffs, p'of effing the Roman catholick religion, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.-— [June 3, 1793.]

Preamble. XIJ HE RE AS by an all of the parliament of Scotland, made ACt of the V V in the eighth and ninth feffion of the firft parliament of his parliament late majejly King William the Third, intituled, (An aCt for pre-of Scotland of ycntjng tfoe grovvth of popery), feveral penalties and difabilities are impofed upon all persons profejfing the Roman catholick religiony within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain* called Scotland, zvho fall reftfe to ?nake a renunciation of popery * according to the formula thereunto fuljoined, in the manner therein expr effect:

and

the 8th and 9th feffion Will. 3. tirft parliament, recited.

 

£793*1 Anno regni tricefi-mo tertio Georgn III. c. 44.	'	97,

and whereas the rigour of the aforefaid act, the time of its puffings was chiefy judged expedient, in order to preferve the government againft the attempts or efforts of thofe perfons, who then did, or were, fup-pofed to acknowledge the temporal juperiority or power of the pope, or fee of Rome, over that'part of the realm of Great Britain called Scotland, which is contrary to, and inconjjjlenl with the allegiance of the fubjefts of the faid realm: and whereas the aforefaid formula contains only a renunciation of fpeculative and dogmatical opinions, hup imports no pofitlve affurance of the fubmiffion and attachment of the persons making the fame to the la ws and conflitution of the realmj or to the person of his mo ft jarred Majefty: and whereas, in and by an aft of parliament, made in the thirty frJl year of the reign of his pre- 31 Geo. 3.0.33* fent Majefty, intituled, (An a<Sl to relieve, upon certain conditions, and under certain re dried ions, the persons therein deferibed, from certain penalties and difabilities, to which papifts, or persons pro-feffing the popifh religion, are by lav/ fubjecl), a certain form of oath, abjuration, and declaration was preferibed to be taken and fub-feribed by all persons prof effing the Roman catholick religion, which ivas found a proper and fujfcient left of the loyalty of fuch persons ivho Jhouid take and fubferibe the fame > and upon the taking and fubferibing thereof they became exempted and relievedjcrom many pains, penalties, and difabilities to which they were before fubjeft and liable and by the faid a ft it was provided, that nothing therein contained Jhouid extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland: and whereas it is ?iow found expedient, that'one common form of oath, abjuration, and declaration, fhall be taken andfubferibed by all his Majefly's fubjefts pro-fejftng the Roman catholick religion, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, and that fimilar advantages fnall be annexed to the taking and fubferibining of the fame: may it therefore pleafe youi:

Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords dpi ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,- That from. Roman eatbo-henceforth all' persons profeffmg the Roman catholick religion, j,cks in Scot-within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who fhall take and fubferibe the oath, abjuration, and declaration be relieved bereimafter expreffed, and in the manner hereby direSled and re- from the pe-quired, fhall be exempted and relieved from all the pains, penal- nalties impof-ties, and difabilities impofed, enacted, revived, ratified, and con- efted^ak^f e~ firmed by the before-mentioned a61 of the eighth and ninth Tef- Wrll. 3. ■; .* fionof the firft parliament of King William the Third, as fully and . ft _.c ; effectually, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if fuch persons had actually made the renunciation of popery thereby ordained according to the formula thereunto fubjoined.

s II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the oath, abjuration, and declaration, to be fo taken and fubferibed, fhall be in the words following5 (that is to fay),

J A. B. do hereby declare. That I do profefs the Roman catholick re- Form of oath*

ligion : / A. B. do finger ely promife and fw ear, that I will be faith- &c* ful and bear true allegiance to his majefty Kin? George the Third,

Voi. XXXIX.	H	and

 

98

Anno regni tricesimo tercio Georgii TIL c» 44. [1793c

and him will defend', to the utmojl of my power, againjl all confpira-cies and attempts whatever, that Jhall be made againjl his perfony crown, or dignity \ and I will do my utmojl endeavour to difclofe and make known to his Majejly, his heirs arid fuccejjors, all treafons and traitcrous confpiracies which may be formed againjl him or them: and I do faithfully promife to maintain^ fupport, and defend\ to the utmojl of my power, the fuccejjion of the crown, tvhich fuccejfion, by an adli intituled,, (An a£t for the further limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft), /V, Jlands limited to the princejs Sophia, eledirefs and dutchefs dowager s/'Han-over, and the heirs of her body, being protejiants\ hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any obedience or allegiance unto any other per-fon, claiming or pretending a right to the crown of ihefe realms: and I do Jwear, that I do reject and detejl, tf/z unchrijlian and impious pofition, that it is lawful to murder or dejlroy any person or persons whatfoever^for, or under pretence of their being hereticks or infidels; alfo that unchrijlian and impious principle, that faith is not to be kept with hereticks or infidels: and I further declare, that it is not an article of my faith, #W that I do renounce, rejedty and abjure, the opinioni that princes excommunicated by the pope and council, or qny authority of the fee of Rome, <?r Zy tfzzy other authority whatfoever, 7/z^y dfe-pofed or murdered by their JubjeCis,	any person whatfoever:	and I

do promife, that I will not hold, maintain, abet any fuck opinion, <?r any other opinion contrary to what is exprejfed in this declaration: and I do declare, that J do not believe that the pope of Rome, or other foreign prince, prelate, Jlatey or potentate, hath, or o«^/;/ to have, <3777 temporal or civil jurifdiciion, -bower, fuperiorityr or pre-eminence, di~ redtly or indirectly^ within this realm: and I do Jolemnly, zh the -pre-fence of Gody profjsy tefiify\ and dccclarcy that I do make this decla-ratiouy and every part thereof in the plain and ordinary fenfe of the words of this oathy without any evaftony equivocationy or mental refervation whatever*, without any difpenfation already granted by the popey or any authority of the fee of Rome, or any person what-^wr, ‘without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before, GW or zzztfzz, or abfolved of this declaration, or tf;zy part thereof although the popey or any other person or authority zuhatfoevery jhall difpenfi with or annul the famey and declare that it was null or void.

£0 help me GOD.

And ^urt^er enacted by the authority aforefaid, That to be filled up. blanks in the faid oath {hall be filled up, as the cafe {hall require, with the name of his majefty King George the Third, or of him or her who {hall by viitue of the faid a<Sf for limitation of the crown, and for the better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubject, be King or Queen of Great Britairiy for the time being, and with the word King or Queen, and with the word his or her, as the cafe fliall he.

Oath may be IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That taken before the faid oath, abjuration, and declaration {hall and may be taken depute&c an<^ fubferibed by every person profefling the Roman catholick who fliall * religion, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, being

of

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo terdo Georgii III. c. 44.	99

of the age of fifteen years and upwards, before the fheriff or deliver lifts Reward depute or fubftitute of the fhire or ftewartry, or before persons any two or more juftices of the peace for the county, fhire, or who (hall flewartry, where the party fo making and fubfcribing the faid oath, have taken it. abjuration, and declaration fhall refide, for the time being; and all fuch officers are hereby enabled, authorifed, and required to adminifter fuch oath, abjuration, and declaration to every person or persons who fhall be defirous to take and fubfcribe the fame; and the officers hereby enabled, authorifed, and required to admi-nifter fuch oath, abjuration, and declaration, are hereby directed and required, within thirty days after the la ft day of December, in the prefent year of our Lord one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-three, and fo yearly within thirty days after the laft day of December in every fubfequent year, to deliver into the office of the fheriff clerk of the county or ftewartry, in which the party fhall have taken the faid oath, a true and perfect lift of the persons who fhall, in the preceding year, have taken the faid oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration before them, in manner aforefaid; and that in every fuch lift the quality, condition, title, and place of abode of each person who fhall have taken and fub-feribed the laid oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, within the preceding year, fhall be fully and clearly expreffed; and fuch officers fhall refpe&ively give to any person who fhall Officers to take and fubfcribe the faid oath, abjuration, and declaration, at cates^lf^r-the time of the taking and fubfcribing thereof, or at any other fons having time or times, until the lift or regifter fhall have been delivered taken the or tranfmitted to the fheriff clerk’s office, a full certificate of his or her having taken the laid oath, and of the day on which the qe^ce#e evl" fame oath (hall have been taken, for which certificate there fhall be paid no greater fee or reward than one fhilling fferling; and every fuch certificate fhall be figned by the officer giving the fame, and fhall be granted upon the fame terms, to any other person or persons who fhall demand the fame; and every fuch certificate, bejng fo figned, fhall be evidence of the taking fuch oath, in all courts of juftice within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to and for all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

V.	And be it further enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That entries fhall be regularly and fairly made, by the Sheriff clerks fheriff clerks, of the lifts or regifters fo to be tranfmitted or de- Clifts livered to them by the faid officers as aforefaid, in books to be delivered kept for that purpofe in their faid offices, within their refpedlive them, which counties or ftewartries, and that the fame fhall be kept open for may be in-the infpeftion of all perfons, on all days (except Sundays and ho- fpe&ed, and lidays) throughout the year, from the hour of nine of the clock q^ed.^' in the forenoon till four ot the clock of the fame day; and the fheriff clerks for the time being in the faid offices are hereby au-thorifed and empowered to demand the fum of one fhilling fter-ling from every person for each book of entries or regifters which he or file fhall examine, conlult, or infpedl, and to demand the fum of one fhilling fterling for every entry which they fhall be required to make an extract or copy of; all which fees or pay-

H 2	ments

 

IOO

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III* c. 45. [^793*

ments {hall be paid unto, and appropriated by the faid clerks, for their trouble in keeping the faid books as aforefaid.

Office copies VI. And be it further enafted and declared by the authority of fuch entries aforefaid, That every office copy or extraft of the entry of any to be evidence. perfon>s having taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, abjuration, and declaration, certified under the hand writing of any of the faid clerks, fhad be allowed of, and admitted as evidence that the person fo entered had taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, abjuration, and declaration, and is therefore fully entitled to the benefit thereof, in all courts of juftice within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Perfons hav- VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the autho-ing taken the rity aforefaid, That every person profeffing the Roman catholick oath, &c. may religion, within that part of the kingdom of Great.Britain called peifonaf'pro1 Scotland^ who {hall have taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, ab-perty.	juration,	and	declaration	in	manner aforefaid, fhall be as fully

enabled to take by defccnt, purchafe, or otherwife, and to hold, enjoy, alien, fettle, and difpofe of any real or perfonal property whatfoever, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as any other person or persons whofoever, any thing in the afore-fiaid a61 of the eighth and ninth feffion of the firft parliament of Scotland of King William, or in any other aft or adds of the parliament of Scotland, contained or implied to the contrary thereof in any manner notwithstanding.

Adtnottoau- VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared thorifeRoman by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this aft contained cathoiicks to fKaU extend, or be conftrued or deemed to extend, to enable any person profeffing the Roman catholick religion, in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, to be governor, chaplain, pedagogue, teacher, tutor or curator, chamberlain, or faftor, to any child or children of protefhnt parents, or to be otherwife employed in their education, or the truft or management of their affairs, or to be fchoolmafter, profeflor, or publick teacher of any fcience, to any person or persons whomfoever, within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland,

be governors to proteftant children, &c.

CAP. XLV.

An a ft for taking down and rebuilding the tower of the pariffi church of Iianbury, in the county of Worcefter, and for repairing the faid church, and rendering the lame more commodious for the parifhioners.—[April 30, 1793]

Truftees impowered to take down and rebuild the tower of Hanbury church, and fubftantially repair the church, and may raife i,6ool. Truftees names. If truftees die, or refute to adt, new ones to be appointed. Truftees to give notice of their meetings, and to appoint officers, and take fecurity from them. The money to be railed vefted in the truftees. Truftees may fue for rates amounting to zl. Truftees to appoint four inhabitants colledtors of the rates, who are to pay the money as the truftees fhall diredl, and to enter accounts in a book. Twenty pounds penalty on persons refuftng to adt as colledfors, Truftees to make an affelTment of lands, houfes, &c. Money raifed not to be applied in repairs of the chancel, and the redtor exempted from afleflments. Tenants to pay the whole, and deduft half the rates out of the rent; but not to affedt agreements. Fur levying the rates upon houfes occupied by inmates, isi'oney may be u	raifed

 

1793-] Ann0 regni tricesimo tertio GeorgiiIII. c. 46.	101

railed by annuities or mortgage. Money lent on mortgage, and the in-tereft thereof to be paid within 20 years. Account of money borrowed, Ac, and the proceedings of truftees to be entered in a book Manner of paying off fecurities. Rates veiled in creditors in cafe of non-payment of principal and intereft, See. Power of making contradls with workmen, and truftees may bring actions in the name of their treafurer.for any breach of contract. Adion not to abate by the death of the treafurer. Power to compound. Truftees may fell old materials. Allotment of pews.

Seats to be numbered. Expences of the ad to be paid out of the fir ft money received. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for-want of form.

Appeal. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Twenty-one days notice to be given of bringing adions. General blue. Treble colts.

Publick ad.

CAP. XLVI.

An a51 for vejiing in his Majefly certain forfeited efiates in Ireland, fubjeft to the difpofition of the parliament ^Ireland.—[June 7,

1793 ]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the parliament of England, Preamble.

in the eleventh and twelfth year of King William the Third, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly, by fale of ri &: iaGul.3. the forfeited and other eftates and interefts in Ireland, and by a c. 2. land tax in England, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, it was enafted. That all the honours, manors, lands, pojfefiions, and hereditaments, within the realm of Ireland, whereof any perjon or persons who flood convifted or attainted of treafon Jince the thirteenth day of February one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, or who Jhould be convifted of treafon before the lafl day ^Trinity term one thoufand feven hundred and one, or who flood convifted of treafon by reafon of being found by inquiftion to have died, or been fain, in aftual rebellion, fince the faid thirteenth day ^February one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, zuas or were feized or poffffed or interefed in, •or intitled to, on the thirteenth day of February one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, or at any time fince, in their own right, or to their own ufe, or whereof any other person or persons zvas or were feized or pofiefied or interefed in, to the ufe of or in trufl for them, or any of them, on the thirteenth day ^/’February one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, or at any time fince, or whereof the late King James the Second, or any in trufi for him, or to his ufe, was feized or pofiefied, or interefed in, at the time of his accef-fion to the crown tf/'England, fiould be vefed in certain trufle.es, in the faid aft named, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, upon trufi, and to the end that the farne might be fold and difpofed of, to and for fuch ufes as are exprefied and. declared by the faid aft: and whereas the faid trufees did, purfuant to the faid aft, fell and difpofe of a very corf derable part of the efiates and pojfefiions thereby in them vefed, and fome part thereof then remaining unfold, by an aft pajfed in the fecond fefiion of a parliament holden in the firfi year of the reign of Tjjueen Anne, intituled. An aft for advancing the fale of iAnn3e,fdT.a. the forfeited eftates in Ireland, and for veiling fuch as remain c. 31. unfold by the prefent truftees in her Majefty, her heirs and fuc-ceffors, for fuch ufes as the fame were before vefted in the faid

H 3	truftees,

 

102	Anno	regni	tricesimo	tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1793.

truflees, and for the more effectually felling and fettling the faid effaces to proteftants ; and for explaining feveral acts relating to the lord Bopbin, and fir Redmond Everard, it is enabled. That fuel? and fo many of the faid eftates and pojfeffions vefed in the faid trujlees, as Jhould not be fold by them before the four and twentieth day of June one tbonjand feven hundred and three, Jhould be vejled in her Majefiy, her heirs and fuccejjors, for the ufes and purpofes intended by the former aft, and fabject to fuck orders and appointments as Jhould be given by authority of the tarliament a/*England in that behalf: and whereas by an aft paffed in the parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-firjl and twenty-fecond years of the reign of his prefent Act in Ireland Majefiy, intituled, An a£l tor extending certain of the provifions ai & Geo, contained in an a£t, intituled, An aft confirming all the Jlatutes made in England, it is enafted, That all Jlatutes theretofore made in England, or Great Britain,^/* the fettling and affuring the forfeited ejlates in Ireland, Jhall be accepted here, and executed in Ireland, according to the prefent tenor thereof refpeftively : and whereas fo??ie parts of the faid forfeited ejlates fill remain und fpofed of and it hath been found expedient that the fame Jhould be vejled in his Ma-jefty, fubjeft to fuch orders and appointments as Jhould be, given re-jpefting the fame, by authority of the parliament of Ireland ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s nioft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the Eftates See. in authority of the fame, That all honours, manors, lands, tene-Ireland vdted ments, rents, reverfions, remainders, fervices, poffeffions, he-in his Majefty, reditaments, eftates, and interefts of what nature or kind foever, fro^aiT^or	kingdom	of	Ireland, which ftand fo veiled as afore-

d^rToTthe^ feid in his Majefty, and remain fo as aforefaid unfold and undif-parliament of pofed of, fhall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled Great Britain, ln his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, difeharged from any the orders of orders or appointments to be given by authority of the parlia-theparliament ment °f Great Britain, and fubjedl to fuch orders, appointments, pf Ireland. and difpofition as Iliall be given or made reflecting the fame by the parliament of Ireland.

Aft not to II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall ex-avoid any lcafe tend, or be conftrued to extend, to defeat or avoid any leafe of the faid lands, or any part thereof, heretofore lawfully made*

heretofore fltiade.

Preamble.

CAP. XLVII.

An aft for placing the flock called Eaft India Annuities under the management of the governor and company of the bank of England, and ingrafting the Jame on the three pounds per centum reduced annuities, in redemption of a debt of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, owing by the pub lick to the Eaft India cojnpany, and for enabling the faid company to raije a Jum of money, by a further incrcafe of their capital flock, to be applied in.difcharge of certain debts of the jaid company.-— [June 7, 1793*]

WHEREAS there is now due and owing by the publick to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies the feveralfurns of three millions two hundred thousand pounds,

• ~ , 1 Hosted by CjOOgLC

1793-3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III, c. 47.	103

and one million, ?naking together the fitm of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, attended ivitb an annuity or a?i inter efi, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, amounting to the fum of one hundred and twenty fix thoufand pounds, redeemable by parliament; and upon the credit thereof and by virtue of an a£l made in the twenty-third year of King George the Second\ the faid 23 Geo. 2. c» united company have fold certain annuities, ddftinguifhed by the name 22t of Eaft India Annuities, transferable at the office of the Jaid united company in London, to an amount of two millions nine hundred and ninety-two thoufand four hundred and forty pounds and five Jhillings, hearing an inter eft after the like rate of three pounds per centum, amounting to eighty-nine thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three pounds and four fhillings per annum, redeemable by the publick ; and the refidue of the faid debt, amounting to one million two hundred and feven thoufand five hundred and fifty-nine pounds and fifteen J,hillings, bearing a like intereft of three pounds per centum per annum, amounting to thirty-fix thoufand tivo hundred and twenty-fix pounds and fixteen findings, is the property of the faid company, fubjedi to any incumbrances by them made thereon: and whereas^ by an adl made in the twenty feventh year of his prefent Majefiys reign, the %7 Geo. 3*-O. faid annuity or interejl of one hundred and tiventy-fix thoufand pounds per annum, together with the charges and 'allowances payable to the faid united company for the management of the annuities fo fold by them, amounting to one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-feven pounds per annum, fland charged and chargeable upon a fund erected and eflablijhed by the Jaid left-mentioned act, called The Confolidated Fund : and whereas it will be for the mutual co?ivenience and advantage of the publick and of the faid united company, and alfo of the holders of the annuities fo fold as aforejaid, that the faid four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, and the faid annuity of one hundred and twenty-fix thoufand pounds, payable in refpett thereof Jhould, with the confent of the faid company and of the Jaid annuitants, be transferred and placed under the management of the governor and company of the bank ^'England, and be engrafted upon and confolidated with the annuity flock called Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, payable and transferable at the bank of England, charged and chargeable upon the faid confolidated fund, but to continue fubfeci to redemption by the publick: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That TheEaftlndia the faid annuities fo fold by tl^e faid upited company, amounting annuitiestob* to the fum of two millions nine hundred and ninety-two thou- f^m thema fand four hundred and forty pounds and five {hillings capital, nagement of being part of the faid debt of four millions two hundred thoufand the Eaft India pounds, and the annuity or intereft of eighty-nine thoufand feven company, to hundred and feventy-three pounds and four (hillings, payable to the holders of the faid annuities in refpe£t thereof, with the con- wjt^ the 3 per fent of the faid holders refpe&ively, and alfo the faid annuities to cent, reduced the amount of one million two hundred and feven thoufand five annuities, &c.

H 4	hundred

 

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1793.

hundred and fifty-nine pounds and fifteen {hillings capital, refidue of the faid debt of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds,' and the annuity or intereft of thirty-fix thoufand two hundred and twenty-fix pounds and fixteen (hillings, payable to the faid united company in refpe£t thereof, (hall, from and after the thirty-firft day of dugujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, be transferred from the management of the faid united company, at their office, to the bank: of England, and be placed under the management of the governor and company of the faid bank, and be engrafted upon and confolidated with the (feck ufually diftinguiflhcd by the name of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and that fuch ingraftment and confoli-dfttion (hall be deemed and taken to be a redemption of the faid feveral loans or debts of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, and one million, making together four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, as between the publick and the faid united company, under the faid recited adt, and the fame (hall be accepted by the laid company, and by the holders of the faid annuities by them fold as aforefaid, in full fat is faction thereof re-fpedtively; and that from thenceforth the faid annuities or annual intereft of eighty-nine thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three pounds and four (hillings, and thirty-fix thoufand two hundred and twenty-fix pounds and fixteen (hillings refpedtively, making together one hundred and twenty-fix thoufand pounds per annum, (hall remain and continue charged and chargeable upon the faid confolidated fund, and be ilfued half-yearly by the exchequer to the chief cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, together with and as a part of the annuity or intereft of the faid ftock, called Three Poundj per Centum Reduced Annuities, for the ufe of the faid united company, and of the holders of the faid annuities fo fold as aforefaid refpe&ively, according to their refpedfive (hares and proportions thereof, and be no longer ilfued or pafd at the exchequer to the faid united company, or by the faid united company to the laid annuitants ; and that from and after fuch ingraftment or confolidation, the faid feveral annuities, amounting to four millions two hundred thoufand pounds capita], and the faid intereft payable in refpedt thereof, (hall be converted into, and be deemed, taken, and received as part and parcehof the faid three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities, and be incorporated therewith, and be by that jiame transferred and transferrable by the faid united company, and the holders thereof, and their affigns, according to their (hares and interefts therein, and by no other name or title whatever; and that all and every the elaufes and provifions contained in any adt or adts relating to the faid three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities, or the capital ftock known by that name, and now in force, (hall be deemed to extend and be applicable in all matters and things whatever to the faid annuities by this adt diredted to be ingrafted thereon, and confolidated therewith, redeemable neverthelefs by the publick, in like manner and in no other manner than as the faid three pounds per centum reduced

bank

 

1793-1 Annoregni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47.	105

bank annuities may by law be redeemed ; and that the power of Power of reredemption referved to the faid uni ted company, in refpeft their faid (hare and proportion of the faid annuities, in and by an the Eaft India a61 of the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An company an-a£i to enable the Eaft India company to raife money by a fale of an- nulled, and al-

nuities, and by in area Cm? their capital flock, or bv an aft made l°vvance for • A J . ii n. ; f ,•	.,,r	•	n /	•	r	•	management

in the tnirty-ftrit year or his Majelty's reign, tor removing any tQ ^

doubt refpefting the fale or mortgage of annuities under the faid

laft-mentioned act, (hall from thenceforth be repealed, and that

the faid allowance of one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-feven'

pounds for the management thereof {hall from thenceforth ceafe

and be difcontinued, any act or a£ts to the contrary thereof in

any wife notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Annuitants the holders or proprietors of "the faid annuities lo fold by the faid who fhall not united company, who {hall not, on or before the faid thirty-firft f^^at th^* day of Aiigift one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, fig- bank by Aug. nify their diffent to the faid ingrafcment and confolidation thereof 3i,i793,tobe with the faid reduced bank annuities, in a book to be opened at deemed to the bank of England for the entry of any fuch diffents which fhall toThe^onfo be offered, fhall be deemed and taken to have affented thereto, lidation,

any thing in any aft or afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any buttheannui-

of the faid annuitants ihall, within the time aforefaid, enter, or ties of fuch as caufe to be entered, in the faid book, his, her, or their diffent	^

to their refpeftive {hares of the faid Raft India annuities being be^aidbythe ingrafted upon the faid three pounds per centum reduced bank an- company, and nuities in manner aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the feveral and repaid by the refpeftive (hares of the persons fo diffenting fhall continue to be hank, managed and transferred, as if this aft had not been made, and

the annuity or dividend payable to them in refpeft thereof fhall continue to be paid by the faid united company to the persons fo diffenting, entitled thereto, until their refpeftive (hares of the faid annuities fhall have been fubfcribed into the faid three pounds per centum bank annuities (which it fhall be lawful for the persons entitled to the fame from time to time to do, by transfers from the books of the faid united company to the books at the bank of England, when and as they fhall be minded or think fit); and that the annuity or dividend fo paid by the faid united company fhall from time to time be repaid by the faid governor and company of the bank to the faid united company, or one of their principal cafhiers or treafurers, whofe receipt for the fame fhall be a full and fufficient difcharge for fuch payment or payments, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That as well Annuities, af-the (hare and proportion of the faid capital fum of four millions

two hundred thoufand pounds, belonging to the faid united com- tjnu’e liable to panv, and the intereft or annuity payable in refpeft thereof, as the fame ufes the (hare and proportion thereof, belonging to the faid other as before, un. holders thereof relpeftively, fhall feverally remain and continue, ^se^eret)y aI*

after tere

 

lo6 Anno regni tricefimO tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1793.

after the faid ingraftment and confolidation thereof with the faid reduced bank annuities, fubjeft and liable to fuch and the fame ufes, trufts, mortgages, fettlements, and incumbrances, as the fame fhall or may, at the time of fuch ingraftment and confolidation, be fubject and liable to, or as the fame would have been fubje£t or liable to, (otherwife than as by this a£l is exprefliy altered, provided, or repealed), in cafe this a£l had not been made ; and that the feveral powers and authorities veiled in or given to the faid united company by any a£l or adfts now in force, to fell or mortgage, or otherwife to dilpofe of their faid fhare and proportion of the faid annuities or capital fum of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, and the interefl payable in refpe£l thereof, (hall remain and continue in full force and effe£l, to be by the faid united company ufed, exercifed, and enjoyed in re-fpect of their faid fhare and proportion thereof, when ingrafted upon and converted into reduced bank annuities as aforefaid, any a£t or a£ls to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further ena6led, That the transfer books of the faid annuities fo fold by the faid united company fhall be finally fhut by them upon the faid thirty-firft day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and forthwith delivered over to

and* delWere^d the governor and company of the bank of E?igland\ in whofe over to the cuftody the fame fhall from thenceforth remain ; and that within bank, and ar- fourteen days after the delivery thereof the faid united company, ov4r\vuthin 14 or t*le‘r cb»ief accountant, fhall make up and deliver to the faid governor and company a perfedl account of each refpedlive ar-rear of annuity or interefl due to the holders or proprietors thereof, and pay over to the faid governor and company the amount of fuch arrears, for the ufe of the faid holders or proprietors entitled thereto, in order to their being paid the fame refpetftively ' by the faid governor and company at the bank of England\ the arrears belonging to the persons who in manner aforefaid fhall have diflented to the faid ingraftment and confolidation (if any) only excepted.

VI.	And he it further enabled, That the eommiftioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, fhall and may make and allow to the faid governor and company of the bank of England fuch additional annual fum, for the expences of managing and paying the faid annuities which by this act fhall be tranf-ferred to them, as the faid commillioners or high treafurer fhall think juft and reafonable.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That if the faid company (hall retain and keep their fhare of the faid annuU ties, or any part thereof, until their exclufive trade in, to, and

toebe°paFdn^ from the Eafi Indies, and other parts within the limits of their them at par charter, fubjeft to any limitations or reftridlions, fhall be deter-antecedent to mined by the authority of parliament, then, and in fuch cafe, nation	notw^bftanding	the	confolidation	thereof	with the faid three

exclufive ^ Pounc^s Per centum reduced bank annuities, there fhall be paid by trade.	the publick to the faid company, antecedent to any determination

of the faid exclufive trade, the full amount of the capital of the

company’s

Transfer books to be Ihut by the Company on Aug.31,1793,

days.

Treafury to make allowance to the bank for management of annuities.

Any fhare of the annuities retained by

 

1793*] Annoregni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47.	107

company’s {hare of and in the faid three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities, or To much thereof as the faid company fhall have fo kept and retained, rating the fame at par, together with all arrears of interefl, if any fhall he due in refpect thereof, any thing in this add, or in any other add, to the contrary not-withflanding.

V III. And whereas, in the prefent circumftanccs of the faid company, it is ft and proper that they Jhould he impowered to raife a further fun of money, beyond what they are authorijed by lave to raife for the purpojes to zuhich the fame is herein-after diredied to be applied j and it is expedient that fuch money Jhould be raifed by a further increafe of their capital flock : be it further enabled, That it The company fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid company, and they wjth content are hereby authorifed and impowered, by and with the confent ^a^ackT Ur^ and approbation of the commifiioners of his Majefly’s treafury i,0oo,oocl. to for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high their capital treafurer for the time being, at any time or times hereafter, to open books, and to receive fubferiptions from anyperfon or per-fons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, for en-larging their prefent capital flock or fund of five millions to any fum not exceeding the further fum of one million capital flock,, fo as to make their whole capital flock the fum of fix millions; which faid additional capital flock fhall be fubferibed and paid for at the rate of two hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds , of fuch flock, or at any fuch other rate as the court of directors of the faid company, with the confent and approbation of the commifiioners of his Majefly’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treafurer for the time being, fhall direct; which faid fubfeription fhall be made, and the money for the faid additional flock fhall be paid, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch inilallments and proportions, as the faid court of direcdors, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, fhall appoint, and the capital ldock fo fubferibed and paid for fhall from and after the time of fuch payment be deemed, confidered, and taken as and for a part of the capital flock of the faid company; and the faid fubferibers, from and after the time Subfcribers to of making full payment for the laid additional flock, and their be incorporate refpeclive executors or ad min iterators, and affigns, fhall at all ed times be deemed and reputed to be members of the faid company, coraPanF" and incorporated therewith, and fhall be intitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the profits, benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be fubjedt and liable to all and every the regulations, rules, and orders, whereto the prefent flock holders and members of the faid company, in refpedl of the flock held by and belonging to them, are refpedlively intitled, fubjedl and liable unto, by any adl or a£ls of parliament, charter, or bye law, or otherwise howfoever; and the faid additional flock fhall be transferrable and affignable, and the proprietors and holders thereof fhall hold their refpedtive fhares of the faid additional flock, in like manner refpedlively as the prefent flock holders of the faid company now do, and hereafter fhall hold and

enjoy

 

The like dividends to be paid on additional ftock as on the prefent.

Preference in fubi'cribing to be given to the prefent proprietors

10S Anno regni tertio tricesimo Georgii III, c. 47. [1793.

enjoy the refpctftive fums belonging or to belong to them in the prefent capital (lock of the laid company, and the fame (hall in all refpedbs be consolidated and united into one joint capital ftock.

IX.	And be it further enadbed, That the faid company {hall and may, from time to time, make and pay the like dividends to the proprietors of the faid additional ftock as they now do, or hereafter fnall and may lawfully make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the prefent ftock of the faid company, the firft of which laid dividends fhall commence from fuch time as (hall be fpecified in the propofals or terms to be offered for the faid fub-feription by the faid court of directors, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid.

X.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the laid court of directors, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, to give the option and preference in fubferibing for the faid additional ftock to fuch

not exceeding persons as fhall hold the faid company’s ftock at the time or times on^ their ca^i*	fobfeription as aforefaid, as far as, and not exceeding,

tals Ur Cai:>l~ amount fifty pounds per centum on the capital ftock which (hall then be held by each ftock holder fo fubferibing, for all fuch Tft-h fir* foms as they fhall fubferibe on or before the twentieth day of tionbypropri- Jmie one thoufand fieven hundred and ninety-three; and in cafe etors be more the fubfeription made by them, on or before that day and year, than (efficient, {hall exceed the fum propofed to be fold at that time, a propor-ak?r^?rA°n" tionabie deduction fhall be made from each fubfeription ; and if to be ^made^H fubfeription fhall, on the clofe thereof on the day and year and if lets, the laft before-mentioned, fall fhort of the fum propofed to be fold, deficiency the deficiency fhall be difpofed of to other persons in fuch man-maybedifpof- ner as fajj COurt of diredbors, with fuch confent and appro-perfons!	bation	as aforefaid, fhall think fit.	'

The addition XI, Provided always, and be it further enadled, That nothing al ftock, with herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to hin-the confent of der or reftridb the court of diredbors of the faid company, by and the treafury, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, from agreeing one^m*6more° wifo one or more person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, for the fale of the whole of the faid additional capital ftock, or for fuch part or parts thereof as they fhall from time to time think fit, and find it neceffary and proper to fell; but it fhall and may be lawful for the faid court, with fuch confent and approbation as aforefaid, to contract for and agree to fell the whole or any part thereof to one or more person or perfons.

Receipts to be XII. And be it further enacbed, That, as foon as reafonably given for de- may be, after the depofit or firft payment fhall be made for the ma^be affi^ additional ftock to be fubferibed for, the faid company’s lgn" caftuer or treafurer fhall give a receipt for the fame, and fo from time to time as future payments fhall be made, which faid receipts fhall be afiignable and transferrable by indorfement thereon ; and when the firft payment fhall be made on the faid additional ftock to be fubferibed for, as aforefaid, the holder of fuch receipts, on delivering up the fame, fhall have his or her

name

one or more perfons.

 

1793*1 ^nn0 regnt tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48.	109

name entered in proper books to be kept by the faid company for that purpofe, with an account of the capital flock belonging to each proprietor, in like manner as the accounts of the prefent proprietors of India flock are kept.

XIII.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it farther enacted, Depofits of That if any fubfcriber or fubfcribers, after having fubfcribed,

fhall fail in making all or any the payments agreed, at the re-fpedlive times for fuch payments, then and in every fuch cafe the faid company fhall and may take in fubfcriptions for and fell the flock fubfcribed for by fuch defaulter to any other person or per-fons ; and all depofits and payments made by fuch defaulter or defaulters, previous to fuch default, fhall be forfeited to and become the property of the faid company.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That out of the monies to Subfcriptions arife by the faid fubfcriptions, the faid company fhall in the firfl 1° ^ applied

J .	I	'	_	k	J	jj-j fPQ|lQ10I]

place apply fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient for the purpofe Qf j30ncj c|ebts in reducing their bond debt in Great Britain to the fum of one in Great Bri-million five hundred thoufand pounds, and after fuch reduction tain, &c. made, or a fuflicient fum fet apart and referved for that purpofe, that the faid company fhall and may apply and difpofe of the re-fidue of the monies arifing by the faid fubfcriptions in the dif-charge of fuch other debts due or cpming due from them as they (hall think fit.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That after the faid bond debt Bond debt fhall have been reduced to one million five hundred thoufand note^oebelCen, pounds, as aforefaid, it fhall not be lawful for the faid company Cre"afed, with-again to encreafe their faid bond debt in Great Britain beyond out the appro-that amount, except with the approbation of the board of com- bation of the mitfioners for the affairs of India, for that purpofe in writing firft for™™e^^irs had and obtained; and that the whole encreafe to be made to the 0f India, faid bond debt fhall in no wife exceed the fum of five hundred

thoufand pounds, any a£t or afe to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.	■	«■

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That this act fhall be deemed Bublick act. and taken to be a pubiick a£t.

CAP. XLVI1I.

An alt to allow the draivback of the duties of cnfoms and excife upon wines confirmed by admirals, captains, and other commiffoned officers, on board Jhips of war in a final Jervice, and to allow Juch Jbips to befupplied with tobaccoduty-free.—[June 3, 1793.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a drawback of the duties paid on the importation of wines conjumed by admirals, captains, and other commiffoned officers, ferving on board his Majejlfs jhips of ivar, jhould be allowed, under certain conditions ; be it therefore enadted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this act, a drawback of the whole amount of the duties of cuftoms and excife,

paid

Preamble.

A drawback of the duties to be allowed

 

no

on certain quantities of wine for the confumption of naval officers.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 48. [1793..

paid on the importation of wines into Great Britain1 fhall be allowed on any fort of wine intended for the ufe of admirals, captains, or other commiffioned officers employed in his Majefty’s fervice, for their adtual confumption on board fuch of his Ma-jefty’s fhips as they (hall ferve in, yearly and every year, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs time : provided that the quantity of any fort of wines taken together fhall not exceed, in any one year, the rate and proportion herein-after fpecified ; that is to lay, every admiral fix tons, every vice admiral five tons, every rear admiral four tons, every captain of a firft and fecond rate three tons, every captain of a third, fourth, and fifth rate two tons, every captain of every fhip of an inferior rate than thofe above mentioned one ton, and every lieutenant and other commiffioned officer of any fhip of war half a ton.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in been^ald* ever7 admiral, captain, and other commiffioned officer, who the drawback I^all ^ave Sported any fuch wines for his ufe or confumption to be allowed as aforefaid, or the merchant or other person or persons who at the port fhall fupply or furniffi fuch admirals, captains, or other commif-oi^the v\dne ^lonec^ officers refpedtively, with fuch wines for their ufe and being deliver- confumption as aforefaid, on due proof, according to the laws ed into the and regulations in force on and immediately before the paffing cuftom ware- of this a£t, touching drawbacks of the duties of cuftoms and ex-^ort'of1fffi16 c^e> that'fuch wines have refpeftively paid the proper duties due

On proof of thedutieshav

ping. See.

and payable thereon, on the importation thereof into Great Bri-tain, referring efpecially to the particular entries inwards, (hall be paid and allowed, at the port where fuch duties have been originally received, the drawback of the whole of the faid duties fo paid thereon, on the fame being delivered into any of his Majefty’s warehoufes at the cuftom houfe, into the charge ,and cuftody of the collector and comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms, at the port from whence the fame fhall be intended to be fhipped or put on board any of his Majefty’s fhips of war in actual fer-vice, to be confumed as aforefaid ; and on producing a certificate or certificates, in the nature of a debenture, from fuch collector and comptroller, of the particulars of the quantities and forts of fuch wines fo refpebtively received by them, to the collectors of the cuftoms and exciie of the port where the duties thereon were originally paid, fuch collectors are hereby autho-rifed and required to pay and allow the full amount of the re-fpebfive duties of cuftoms and excife which fuch wines had paid on the importation thereof: provided always. That the faid drawback (hall not be fo allowed as aforefaid upon any wines but only on wines fuch as fhall be delivered into the charge of the collectors and comptrollers of his Majefty’s cuftoms at fome one of the following ports, for the purpofe aforefaid, that is to fay, London, Ro~ chejicr, Deal, Dover, Portfmouthy Plymouth, Yarmouth, and Leith.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no fuch wines (hall be fhipped on board any of his Majefty’s fhips of war, for the purpolb aforefaid, other than in the prefence and

under

Drawback to be allowed

delivered into the charge of the cuftom -houfe officer at certain ports.

Wine to be ihipt in pre-fence of the

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4S. nr

under the care and infpedfion of an officer or officers of the cuf- officer, who

toms, appointed for that purpofe bv the com mi ffi oners of his ls to k,efP an ’•i	.	»	*	j	account there*

Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedtively, or by and certify

the colle&or and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port where the fame, the fame fhall have been fo warehoufed as aforefaid, for the purpofe aforefaid, who fhall and are hereby required to keep an ex-ad: account thereof, and to certify to the faid colledor and comptroller the adiual fhipping thereof; and no part thereof, after Wine fo fhipt having been fo fhipped or put on board any of his Majefty’s fhips not to be re-of war for the purpofe aforefaid, fhall be unfhipped or relanded o^^ve^of* without the fpecial leave of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s tjie cuftoms, cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively, or the collector and on penalty of comptroller of the cuftoms at one of the ports herein-before enu- forfeiture, &c. merated, under penalty of the forfeiture thereof; and the person or persons concerned in unfhipping or relanding the fame, or any part thereof, without fuch leave as aforefaid, fhall be fubject and liable to the like penalties and forfeitures as any person or persons is or are fubjedl and liable to, on being concerned in relanding or unfhipping any goods intitled to drawback of duties on exportation from Great Britain as merchandize by any law in force on and immediately before the pafting of this ad; and the Perfons re-perfons to whofe hands fuch goods fhall come, after the reland- rei^ndetTwlth-ing thereof, knowing the fame, fhall forfeit double the value out ieave> jia_ thereof; and the veftels made ufe of in unfhipping or relanding ble to penalty, the fame fhall be fubjedt to forfeiture.	ancl theveflels

IV. Andy in order to provide a check for preventing more ukdfoifeited. wine than the quantities herein limited being fupplied for the fever al officers for the purpofe aforefaid, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the colledors and comptrollers of Officers of the his Majefty’s cuftoms at the feveral and refpedable ports, where cuftoms to

any wines fhall be delivered into their charge for the purpofe traxiimjttothe A r*\ n. 11 r •	•	•	r	\	>	r r commiffioners

aforefaid, fhall, from tune to time, in fuch manner as the com- an account of

miffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them the wine dein England for the time being, or the commiffioners of his Ma- live red into jefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the t<^*ur charSe> time being, fhall diredt, tranfmit to fuch commiffioners refpec-tively, or to fuch person or persons as they fhall refpedively appoint to receive the fame, a particular account in writing of the leveral and refpedive quantities and forts of wines received into their charge for the purpofe aforefaid, and on account of what , officers the fame have been fo received, and what quantities of the fame have been fhipped on board his Majefty’s Ihips of war, naming the particular Ihips on board which the fame fhall have been fhipped, and the refpedtive times when fhipped, and the particular quantities and forts fhipped at each time, and for the ufe of what officers : provided alfo, That if any wines fhall have Naval officers been received into any cuftom houfe warehoufe for the purpofe defirousnotto aforefaid, and fuch admirals, captains, or other eommiffioned ^yje^tfroin officers refpedively, fhall be afterwards defirous not to fhip the the warehoufe fame on board any fhip of war in manner aforefaid, the collector on payment of and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port where the fame fhall duty.

have

 

112

relanded on payment of duty.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii TIT. c. 48. [1793.

have been fo warehoufed as aforefaid, fhall, arid are hereby required to deliver the fame to fuch officers refpedftively, on payment of fuch duties to the proper officers appointed to receive the fame, as fuch wines would be fubjetft and liable to on a regular importation into Great Britain from foreign parts, and fuch wines on the removal thereof fhall be fubjecf and liable to all and every the rules, regulations, conditions, reftri£tions, and forfeitures, to which fuch wines refpe£tively would have been fubjeft and liable by any law in force on and immediately before the paffing of this a£f, on a regular importation into Great Bri-Wine uncon- tain from foreign parts: provided likewife, That if any wines, fumed may be which fhall have been {hipped or put on board any fhip of war for the purpofe aforefaid, fhall remain unconfumed, it fhall be lawful for fuch admirals, captains, or other commiffioned officers, to reland the fame with the permiffion and under the care and infpeftion of the proper officers of the cuftoms and excife reflectively at one of the ports herein-before enumerated, and on paying the like duties on fuch wines fo relanded, as they would have been fubjedi to on a regular importation, the fame fhall be delivered for confumption on fhore, fubje6t neverthelefs on removal thereof to all and every the rules, reftriclions, regulations, and forfeitures to which wines are fubjedl and liable after having been regularly imported, and landed in Great Britain : provided never-

Drawbacknot thelefs. That this *a<ft fhall not extend, or be conftrued to ex-to be allowed on any i unlefs w;

houfed within lefs the fame fhall be received into fuch warehoufe within the

from it* 1m	^Pace 0f three years from the time fuch wines were refpeftively

portation, nor *mPortec^ *nto Great Britain, nor fhall any drawback be allowed

on a lefs quan- for any lefs quantity of wine delivered into fuch warehoufe as

titythan here- aforefaid, than thirty gallons in cafk, and ten dozen in bottles ;

in fpecified. and jn ascertaining the quantity, for which the drawback fhall be Five Quart	o	i	j>

bottles to be allowed, if in bottles, every five reputed quart bottles mall be

deemed a gal- deemed and taken to be equal to one gallon.

Ion.	V. And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforefaid, That

Officers re-	any admiral, captain, or other commiffioned officer, who fhall

moved from , J	•	/T	1	•	r	r	, • r>

ffiips may	have any wines mipped in purluance ot this act remaining on

transfer their	board any fhip of war, from which he is about to be removed,

property in	and fhall not be immediately employed again in any other fhip

Wfficers> °^ier w°r5 anc^ 1S not defirous of landing the fame for home confumption, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch admiral, captain, or other commiffioned officer, to transfer his property therein, to any other admiral, captain, or other commiffioned officer, who fhall and may lawfully receive the fame, as part of his or their proportion of the quantities limited by this a£f, without payment of any duty for the fame : provided that luch wines be '	transfhipped by permiffion of the collector and comptroller of the

cuftoms of the port of transfhipping, being one of the ports here* in-before enumerated, and under the care and infpe&ion of the proper officers of the cuftoms, who fhall and are hereby required to take a particular account thereof, and forthwith deliver the

fame

any wine, tenc^ t0 a^ow any drawback upon wines delivered into any cuf-are- ’ tom houfe warehoufe, for the purpofe intended by this a<ft, un-

Hosted by



1793*] Annoregni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c 48.	113

fame to the collector and comptroller of tfie cuftoms of the port where fuch wines fhail have been transfhipped as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, That Officers when any admiral, captain, or other commiffioned officer, Iliali changing their change his fhip, it (hall and may be lawful to remove his fea their ^ea flock of liquors to any other fhip of war to which fuch admiral, ^.ocj- Gf \f captain, or other commiffioned officer, ill a 11 he appointed re- quors; fpeclively, without' landing the fame, provided the laid liquors be transfhipped under the care and infpcclion of any officer or officers of the cuftoms, appointed for that purpofe by the collector and comptroller of the culloms at the port where fuch translhip-pingfhall take place, being orre of the ports herein-before enumerated ; or it (hall and may be lawful to reland the fame, under the care and infpedfion of fuch officer or officers of the culloms, and to lodge the fame in the cuftom houfe warehoufe at fuch port, without payment of any duties whatever, and fuch liquors fhail there remain until the fame {hall be taken out again and re-fhipped under the care and infpedfion of the proper officers of the culloms on board any fhip of war to which fuch admiral, captain, or other commiffioned officer, is or may be appointed : provided alfo, That fuch admiral, captain, or other commif- ma7 fioned officer, fhail bfe at liberty to take fuch liquors out of the conffimption^ faid warehoufe for home confumption, if he fhail fo think fit, Qn payment of fir ft paying the full duties due for the fame, fubjecl, neverthelefs, duty, to all fuch rules, regulations and reftridrions as the fame would have been fubjeft to on a regular importation into Great Britain.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any fuch liquors, fo depofited in any cuftom houfe ware- Such liquors, houfe as aforefaid, fhail remain there more than twelve months, it depofited in unlefs further time be allowed by the commillioners of the cuf-toms for that purpofe, the fame fhail and may be difpofed of by to'be order of the faid commiffioners, and the produce thereof be ap- difpofed or plied conformably to the dircdlions of an a£l palled in the twelfth conformably year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An 11 $51 for encouraging the tobacco trade.

VIII.	And whereas, by the laws now in force, none but tobacco of the grovoth of the Britifh plantations, which fall have paid duty, and which fall have been manufactured in Great Britain, can be legally ufed or con fumed on board any of his Mijejly* s fits of war in any part of Europe : and whereas it is expedient that tobacco of the grovjtb or production of the Britifh plantations in America, of the united fates of America, regularly imported into Great Britain, fhould be fupplied to his Majejly s ftps of war for the ufe of the crews of fuch ftps, without payment of any duty, whatever, under certain conditions \ be it therefore enadued by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the palling of this adl, it fhail and Purfers df may be lawful for the purfer of any ihip of war in adhrai fervice, (hipsin adUnl on purchafing any fuch tobacco for the purpofe aforefaid, which J^mov'To^ fhail have been legally depofited in any warehoufe now or here- ctTtqimports after to be appointed by the commiffioners of the cuftoms for the tobacco regu-reception of the fame on importation thereof, to remove the larly imported

Vol. XXXIX. ’	I	fame,	^America,

114 Anno regni tricefiino tertio Georgii III. c. 48. [1793,

bouf'd^w'th ^ame’ w*lt^out Payment of any duty whatever, by permiffion of Out payment*	commiffioners of the cuftoms, upon fuch conditions,

of duty. and under fuch regulations and reftrictions as they may deem necefiary for the fecurity of the revenue, to the ports of Rocbejler, Portjhmith5 or Plymouth, there to be depofited in the charge of the colledlors and comptrollers of fuch ports refpectively, who are hereby authorifed and required, on fuch tobacco being duly entered outwards, to permit the fame to be (hipped and put on board any fhip of war in adhial fervice within the limits of their refpe&ive ports, under the care and infpe&ion of the proper officers.

Purfer to pro- IX. Provided always, That before (hipping any part thereof, duce a certi- fuch purfer (hall produce to the collectors and comptrollers of ficatefrom is fuc|1 p0rts refpectively, a certificate under the hand of the cap-??P_ai,n_ tain of the (hip to which fuch purfer (hall belong, afeertaining that he is the purfer of fuch fhip, and that (he is in adtual fervice, and lpecifying the number of men of which her crew con-fids, on the back of which certificate fuch purfer (hall make oath before fuch collectors and comptrollers (who are hereby authorifed to adminifter the fame), that the tobacco fo about to be /hipped is really and truly meant and intended for the ufe and conlumption of the crew of fuch (hip of war, and that no part thereof (hall be by him, or with his privity, confent, or knowledge, relanded in any part of Great Britain, without fpecial leave firft had and obtained from the proper officers of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms for that purpofe, or landed in Ireland, or the ifiands of Guernfey, Jcrfey\ Alderney, Sark, or Man ; which certificate and affidavit are to remain in the hands of fuch colledfors and comptrollers refpectively, who are hereby required, immediately after the (hipping of any fuch tobacco as aforefaid, to tranfmit to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms copies of fuch certificate and affidavit, mentioning the time when, and the quantity of tobacco that has been fo /hipped as aforefaid ; and the faid commiffioners are hereby required to caufe an account thereof to be kept by fome officer or officers appointed by them for that purpofe, in order that recourfe may be had thereto as occafion (hall require.

No more than X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That alb. of tobacco no greater quantity of fuch tobacco (hail be allowed to any fuch

identity, Sec, and to make oath to the particulars herein fpeci-fied.

Certificate and affidavit to remain with the officer of the cuftoms, who is to tranfmit copies, &c. to the commif-lioners.

montlf to^be	°*' war r^an tw0 Pounds weight avoirdupoife by the lunar

allowed, nor month for each of the feamen, or other perlons belonging to and more than fix ferving on board fuch (hip, nor (hall any greater quantity be months allow- permitted to be (hipped at one and the fame time, than will be fufficient to ferve the crew of fuch (hip for fix months at and after the rate above-mentioned.

XI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That when and as often as the tobacco, fo fupplied as aforefaid, (hall be confumed in the proportions aforefaid on board any fhip of war, it (hail and may be lawful for the purfer to purchafe, in

ance to he jfhipt at the fame time.

Purfers may purchafe fur ther quantities of tobacco

as fupplies are manner as aforefaid, a further necefiary quantity of tobacco, confumed, and to furnifh the (hip to which he (hall belong with the fame,

con-

 

1793-1 Ann0 regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48.	115

conforming in every refpedl to the rules, regulations, and re-ftridfions, prefcribed in this adl, as in the cafe of the firft quantity fo fupplied as aforefaid : provided alfo, That, before (hipping on giving bond of any fuch tobacco, the purfer of every fuch fit ip (hall give fe-curity, by bond with one other fufEcient furety, in the penalty of treble the duties of fuch tobacco, that no part of the faid tobacco fo intended to be (hipped (hall, after (hipping thereof, be relanded in any part of Great Britain, without permillion firft had and obtained from the proper officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms for that purpofe, or landed in Ireland, or the irtands of Guernfiey, Jerfey1 Alderney, Sark^ or Man,

XII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That when Purfers, oil any purfer Ihall be removed from any one of his Majefty fhips changingthdr of war to another, he ihall be at liberty to remove the remains ™^cca of any fuch tobacco, fo fupplied as aforefaid, from the fhip he is 0n leave from about to quit into the fhip to which he ihall be appointed, leave the officer of being firft obtained by him from the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at; the port where fuch fhips ihall happen to be, who are hereby the port, authorifed to permit the fame under the care and infpecHon of

proper officers, on oath being firft made by fuch purfer before them, who are hereby authorifed to adminifter the fame, that the tobacco fo intended to be transfhipped is really and bona fide part of the tobacco which had been fo fupplied as aforefaid, describing the time when, and the port where fuch tobacco was firft (hipped, and fuch collector and comptroller are immediately after the transfhipping to give an account of the particulars to the com-miffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in that part of Great Britain called England.

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That in cafe any (hip of war (hall be paid off, then the remains Remains of of the tobacco fo fupplied as aforefaid, (hall be landed and de- tobacco when pofited in the cuftom houfe warehoufe at the port where fuch *^jPs are fhip (hall be fo paid off as aforefaid, with the permiffion of the	and^

colle&or and comptroller of fuch port, and may be again fur- depofited in nilhed and fupplied to the purfer of any other (hip of war, on the cuftom fuch laft mentioned purfer giving bond and making oath in like of*the manner as was done by the former purfer on the original (hip- p0rt> ancj ffip. ping thereof, and on his complying in all refpedts with the like plied to other regulations; but in.cafe the faid tobacco fnall not be fo refliip- purfers, See. ped, or the full duties paid thereon, within fix months from the but if not rerelanding thereof, (unlefs further time (hall be allowed by the (hipped, or_ commiffioners of the cuftoms for that purpofe), the- fame (hall be fold and difpofed of by order of the faid commiffioners, and may be f0]d’ the produce thereof applied conformably to the directions of the conformably the (aid act, parted in the twelfth year of the reign of her late to i* Anna;, majefty Queen Anne.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Tobacco fold That all tobacco fo fold by order of the faid commiffioners, or ^

- tobacco for which any purfer (hall think fit to pay the full duties flonersofthe as aforefaid, fhali be fubjeeb and liable in all refpedfc to each and cuftoms, Sec. every the conditions, rules, regulations, reftridtions, penalties, liable to tUe

2	and	fame rules as

*i6 Anno regoi tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 49. [179?.

veredCfbr^e^' anc^ forfeitures as tobacco delivered out of any cuftom houfe home con-	warehoufe for home corifumpiion would be fubjedl and liable to.

fumplion.	XV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

Recovery and That all penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this aft application fhalj and may be fued for, profecuted, recovered, arid difpofed of forfeitures. 0fy \n Rich manner, and by Rich ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods or ve-fiels forfeited for any offence againft the laws of cuftoms on and immediately before the paffing of this aft, might legally be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of; and the officer or officers concerned in feizures or profecutions under this aft fhall be intitled to and receive fuch fhare of the produce arifing from the feizures as they were by law intitled to, on and immediately before the palling of this aft, on profecutions of feizures for unlawful importation, and to fuch (hare of the produce arifing from any pecuniary line or penalty, or compofition paid for any offence againft this aft, as they were, on and immediately before the paffing of this aft, by any law or regulation intitled to, on prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

CAP. XL1X.

An aft for further continuing and amending an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second,, intituled, An aft for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of Britifh fail clofh, and for the more effectual fecuring the duties now payable on foreign fail cloth imported into this kingdom. — [ June 3, 1793.]

Preamble.

9 Geo. 2. c. 37, for encouraging the manufacture of Britifh fail cloth, continued to Sept. 29, *795> &c-

WHEREAS the law herein-after mentioned hath, hy experience, been found ufefnl and beneficial, and is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affernbled, and by the authority of the fame, That an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled, An aft for further encou-raging and regulating the manufacture of Britifh fail cloth, and for the more effectual fecuring the duties now payable on foreign fail cloth imported into this kingdom), which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred anc! thirty-fix, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and which by feveral fub-iequent afts, made in the thirteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-firft years of his faid Majefty’s reign, and the fourth, twelfth, eighteenth, and twenty-f.xtb years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, fhall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

II. And

 

*793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.

II,	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no part of the penalties in the faid aft contained, which do not attach to double fail cloth, fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to Brit if) canvas made with Tingle thread warps, corded or not corded, and fit for' or made into fads, and that (uch Tingle canvas fhall be deemed Briiijb fail cloth, and be equally intitied with double canvas to the bounties granted by an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majeTcy Queen Anne, (intituled, An aft for the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain), and by an aft, made in the fourth year of the reign of his late majeTcy King George the Second, (intituled. An aft for further encouraging the manufafture QTBrituli fail cloth, by taking off the duties and drawbacks therein mentioned, and allowing an additional bounty on Britifh made fail cloth exported, and for

Jlamping Britifh made fail cloth with the name and place cj abode of the maker.)

III.	Provided always, That the faid Tingle thread Tail cloth be made of equally good materials, and be conformable in weights, and all other things, to the reftriftions on double thread fail cloth contained in the faid aft hereby continued.

CAP. L.

117

Penalties of continued act, which do not attach to double fail cloth, not to extend to Britiih canvas made with (ingle thread vvai ps, See.

Single thread to be conformable to thereftridtions on double thread fail cloth.

An aft to amend an aft, paffed in the twenty-feventb year of hti prefent Majefly’s reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in foreign flips, into and from certain ports and places in the Weft indies; and for amending Jo much of an aft, mack in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent A'lajefiy, as relates to permitting the i/npor-' tation of fugar into the Bahama and Bermuda ijlands in foreign flips ; and fo much of two afts, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-fir ft years of his prejent Majejffts reign, as prohibits the importation of timber into any ifland under the dominion of his Majefly in the Weft Indies from any foreign colony or plantation in the Weft Indies or South Afnerica ; and fo much of the faid aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Mcftcfft s reign, as prohibits the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine into Nova Scotia or New Brunfv/ick from any country belonging to the unitedflat.es of America. — 'June 3, 1793.]

WHEREAS by four afts of parliament now in force, one Preamble.

paffed in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent May eft ft s reign, intituled,, An aft for allowing the importation and expor- 27 Geo. 3, c. tation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports 27‘ of Kingft on. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca in the ifland of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada, in the port of Rojeciu in the ifland of Dominica, and in the port of Naffair in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands, under certain regulations and reftriftions ; another, paffed in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majejly*s reign, intituled, An aft for amending an aft, p.afled in the twenty-Teventh 3° Geo.3.c. year of the reign of his prefent IVlajefty, intituled. An aft for 29*

I 3	allowing

Hosted by



113 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50, [1793.

allowing the importation asid exportation of certain goods, wares, merchandise, zzz the ports ^/'Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea in the if and of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the if and of Grenada, in the port of Rofeau in the if and of Dominica, and in the port tf/'NaiTau in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama ifancls, under certain regulations and refriftions; and for regulating the duties on the importation of goods and commodities, the growth and production of the countries

31	Geo. 3 c. bordering on the province of Quebec; another, paffed in the thirty-38; and frf year of his prefent Majeffs reign, intituled, An a£t to amend an

act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for regulating the trade between the fubjects of his Majefty’s colonies and plantations in North America, and in the Wef India iflands, and the countries belonging to the united ftates of America, and between his Majefty’s laid lubjeCts and the foreign iflands in the IVef Indies ; and alfo an alt, made in the twenty-Jeventh year of his prefent Majeffs reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports of King-fon, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the ifland of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada, in the port of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, and in the port of Naffau in the ifland of New Providence, one of the

32	Geo. 3. c. Bahama iflands, under certain regulations and reftriCtions; and 37> recited, another aft, paffed in the thirty fecond year of his prefent Majeffs

reign, for making perpetual the aforefaid aft, pafed in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majeffs reign, it is provided, that wool,

’ cotton ivool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, logivood, fufic, and all forts of ivood for dyers ufe, hides, f ins, and talloiv, beaver, and all forts of furs, ' tor to fef ell, hardwood, or mill timber, mahogany and all other woods for cabinet ware, horfes, afes, mules, and cattle, being the growth and production of any of the colonies or r	plantations	in	America,	belonging	to	or	under the dominion of any

foreign European fovereign or fate, and all coin and bullion, diamonds or precious f ones, may be imported from any of the faid colonies or plantations into the feveral ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the if and of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the ifand of Grenada, the port ofK ofeau in the if and of Dominica, and the port of Naffau in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands, in any foreign foop, fchooner, or other vejfel whatever, not having more than one deck, and being owned and navigated by the fubjefts of any foreign European fovereign orfate, or by persons inhabiting any of the countries belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or fate, on the continent of America, and again exported from thence under certain regulations and refriftions: and whereas it is expedient to per?nit the faid goods and commodities, in like manner, to be imported into certain other ports in the Well Indies, and in like manner to be again exportedfrom thence; be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the T 1 10 ac*vice anc* confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and com-1-9™ the * mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority goods herein- of the fame3 That, Bom and after the tenth day of July one before enu-	thoufand

 

1793.3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.’	119

thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, all the goods and com-modities herein-before enumerated and defcriber), fhall and ma7 jnto the^ort be imported into the port of Antonio in the ifland o£ Jamaica-) and 0f Antonio in the port of Saint John's in the ifland of Antigua, in the like Jamaica, and foreign fhips and veflelsj and be again exported from thence to St. lonn s fuch part of his Majefty’s dominions, to which the exportation and exported of the fame is permitted by any of the laid a£ls, under the fame fr0m thence, rules, regulations, and reflridtions, and fubjedf to the like penal- under the reties and forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the manner in Sl^tions^of the faid a£ts, or any of them, mentioned and contained.	CL	s’

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every A&5 refpeft-thing in this a£I contained, refpecting the faid port of Saint

John's in the ifland of Antigua, fhall continue and be in force to be in force until the tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- till July io, feven, and no longer.	*79 7*

III.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the faid No goods, extenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, eept thole

no goods, wares, or merchandize, (except fuch as are herein- moated°to before enumerated and defcribed, and except tobacco as herein- be'imported after mentioned) fhall be imported in any fuch foreign fhip or in foreign vef-vefTel whatever, from any of the colonies or plantations in Ams- fe*s fr?m rtca, belonging to, or under the dominion of, any foreign Euro-pean fovereign or flate, into any of the before-mentioned ports, ing to foreign upon any pretence whatever, upon pain of forfeiting the fame, European together with the fhip or vefl'el in which the fame fhall be im- ftates> or? pe-ported, and the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture of fuch ot 101' Chip or veffel.

IV.	And be if further enabled, That it fhall and may be law- hut rum of ful, from and after the faid tenth day of July one thoufand feven

hundred and ninety-three, to export from any of the laid ports,	C£cne~

to any of the colonies or plantations in America, belonging to or may be ex-under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or hate, ported from in any fuch foreign fhip or vefTel whatever, owned and navigated the faid ports as aforefaid, rum of the produce of any Britifh ifland, and alfo ^cSUCil L° negroes which fhall have been brought into the faid illands ref-pectively in Britijb-built {hips, owned, navigated, and regiftered according to law, and all manner of goods, wares, or merchandize, which fhall have been legally imported into the faid illands refpe&ively, except mails, yards, or bowfprits, pitch, tar, turpentine, and tobacco, and a!fo except fuch iron as fhall have been brought from the Britijh colonies or .plantations in America; any law, cuflom, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

?y. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaefed, That if The legality any doubts fhall arife whether fuch goods, wares, or merchan- *Tnto ~ dize, intended to be fo exported, fhall have been legally import- Anti mi a, of ed into the faid ifland of Antigua, the legality of fuch importation goods intend-fnall be made appear to the fatisfa&ion of the collector and ed to be excomptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, at the port ^^ed^the of exportation, before fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall £uft0m houfe fee fuffered to be (hipped for exportation.	officer.

I 4	VI,	And

120 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii IIL c. 50. [1793.

No goods of VI. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the faid Furope^or 0t tent^ day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, places beyond no g°°ds or commodities whatever of the growth, production, the Cape of or manufacture of Europe, or the Eoft Indies, or other places Good Hope, beyond the Cape of Good Hope, (hall, upon any pretence what-from ^ntigifa Gver’ be exported from the ifland of Antigua, to any other Britijh to any Britifh colony or plantation in America, or the Weft Indies, upon pain of in	forfeiting fuch goods or commodities, together with the (hip or

veflel in which the fame (hall be fo exported, and the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, of fuch (hip or veflel.

VII. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, if any foreign (hip or veflel as afore faid arriving at or in any of the iris arriving at a fore fa id ports of King ft on. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa herein^ien Lucca and Antonio in the ifland of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada, the port of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, the port of Naffait in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands, and the port of Saint John's in the ifland of Antigua, fhall have on board any goods or commodities ' whatever of the growth, production, or manufacture of the Eaft Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, fuch goods or commodities (hall be forfeited, together with the fhip or veflel in which the fame fhall be brought, and all her guns, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, whether fuch goods or commodities fhall be intended to be landed or not, or whether bulk fhall have been broken or not.

VIII. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the ifland** or^of	day Jub one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three,

parts of Ame- tobacco being the growth or production of any ifland in the IVeft rica belonging Indies, or of any country on the continent of America belonging to foreign fo or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or ' be ^atc,' may.be imported from any of the faid iflands'or countries imported mto into any of the faid ports of King ft on. Savannah la Mar, Montego the ports here- Bay, Santa Lucca and Antonio in the ifland of Jamaica, the port in-mentioned cf Saint George in the ifland of Grenada, the port of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, the port of Naffau in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands, and the port of Saint John’s

colony m America, or the Weft Indies, under penalty of forfeiture. Foreign vef-

tioned, with goods of the Faft Indies, &c. to be for-

Tnb'icco of Weft India

in foreign fliips, and ex ported to

Great Britain in the ifland of Antigua, in the like foreign (hips and vefiels, and or Ireland. be again exported from thence to Great Britain or Ireland, under the fame rules, regulations, and reftriciions, and fubjebt to the like penalties and forfeitures, as are in the faid abls, or any of ^j*Vmti°> tnem’ mentioned and contained.

on into Great IX. ^nd be it further enabled. That all fuch tobacco fo imported into any of‘the faid ports (hall, when imported into the kingdom of Great Britain from any of the faid ports, pay the fame duties of cuftoms and exeife, and none other, as tobacco the growth or production of any of his Majefty’s plantations in the V/efc Indues, or of the territories of the united hates of America, and be fubjeCb to the fame rules, regulations, conditions, and

to the lame forfeitures and penalties

X. And

Britain, to be liable to the fame duties as tobacco from his M:t-5eft v's Wefc India plantations, or the united fbtes A America.

reflribbons, and be liable for the breach thereof.

 

1793 1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50.'	121

X.	And whereas by an all, paffed in the thirty-fecondyear of his 3^ Geo. 3. c, prefent Majejly s reign, intituled, An a£l for regulating the allow- 434 incited, ance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar, and for permitting the importation of fugar into the Bahama and Bermuda iflands in foreign (hips, it was, amongjl other things, enaPled, That it Jhall be lawful to i?nport into the port of Naflku in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands, and into fuch other port or ports in the faid Bahama iflands, or the ifland of Bermuda, as Jhall be approved by his Majejly in council, fugar and coffee, the produce of any foreign country or plantation, in fuch foreign Jhips, and fubjecl to fuch regulations as are prefcribed in the aforefaid aPts, pafled in the twenty feventh and thirtieth years of his prefent Majeflf s reign : and whereas it is expedient that the like importation of fugar and coffee Jhould be permitted in certain other ports in the Wed: India iflands belonging to his Ma-jefly\ be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful, from Foreign fugar and after the faid tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and coff?e and ninety-three, to import into fuch port or ports in the iflands ^^ed^into called Caicos, as fhall be approved by his Majefty in council, fuch ports in fugar and coffee the produce of any foreign country or planta- the ifhnds tion, in fuch foreign fhips, and fubje<5l to fuch regulations as are calledCiicos, prefcribed in the faid laft mentioned a£ls, with refpe<5t to the ports therein mentioned.	*

XL And be it further ena£led, That fugar and coffee which Such fugar fhall be imported into any of the faid ports in the faid iflands an<^ c°ffee im-called Caicos, or which fhall have been or may hereafter be im- ^ p^^per ported into the port of NaJJ'au in the ifland of Neiv Providence, or m[tted by this into fuch port or ports in the faid Bahama iflands, or in the ifland and laft recit-of Bermuda, as have been, or may hereafter be approved by his ed a<St, may Majefty in council,, under authority of the laft mentioned aft paffed in the thirty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, mentofduty. may be imported into, and again exported from, any of the laid ports, without payment of any duty of culloms whatfoever ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further ena<5Ied, That, on the importation of Such fugar or any fugar or coffee into Great Britain, or into any other part of ed^romThe^ his Majefty’s dominions, from any fuch port in the faid iflands inandg called called Caicos, fuch fugar or coffee fhall refpeddively be deemed to Caicos, into be not of the Britifb plantations, and fhall be liable to and fhall his Majefty’s pay duty of cuftoms and excife as fuch, and may be warehoufed dominions, to in like manner, and fhall be fubjeT to the regulations of the faid Qf the BHtifti laft mentioned acf, paffed in the thirty-fecond year of his prefent plantations, Majefty’s reign, and of each and every other a£l and a£Is of par- &c. liament in force at the time of the importation of fuch fugar or

coffee, fo far as they relate to fugar or coffee not of the Bntjh plantations.

XIII.	And whereas by an apt, paffed in the twenty-eighth year of

the reign of his prefent Alaje/iy, intituled, An a <51 for regulating the 28 Geo. 3. c. trade between the fubjeCts of his Majefty’s colonies and planta- 6. tions in North America, and in the IVcjl India iflands, and the Countries belonging to the united ftates ot America) and between

his

Hosted by GoOglC

Timber of Certain fpe-cies may be imported into his Majefty's Weft India 5(lands from South America, &c.

Pitch, See* the produdtion of the united ftates of America, may be

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1793.'

his Majefty’s faid fubjedts and the foreignMflands in the Weft Indies ; and by the aforefaid all pajfed in the thirty-firft year of his pre-fent Majefty9 s reign, it is, arnongft other things, enaCled, That no timber of any fort Jhall be imported or brought into any ifiand under the dominion of his Majefty in the Weft Indies (in which defeription the Bahama iflands, and the Bermuda or Somers iflands are included) from any ifiand in the Weft Indies, or from any colony or plantation whatfoever on the continent of South America, under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign orft ate, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof and of the Jhip or vejfel in which the fame Jhall be imported or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding: and whereas it is expedient, that the planters, and others being his Majefty s fubjeCls in the iflands under the dominion of his Majefty in the Weft Indies, Jhould, notwithftanding the proviftons fo made in the faid recited alls, pajfed in the twenty-eighth and thirty-firft years of his prefent Majefty9s reign, be fupplied from the continent of South America, and from the iflands of Tri-nidada and Porto Rico, with certain fpecies of timber to be ufed in the conftruClion of mills and other ivorks neceffary in the manufacture of fugar; be it further enadted, That, from and after the faid tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, it {hall and may be lawful to import in Britijh-built fhips, owned, navigated, and regiftered according to law, into the faid iflands under the dominion of his Majefty in the Weft Indies, or any of them, from any colony or plantation on the continent of South America under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or ftate, or from the iflands of Trinidada and Porto Rico in the Weft Indies, or either of them, the following fpecies of timber; that is to fay, bully tree, purple heart^ green heart, black heart, maftic, wallabaw, yellow faunders, locufts, or baftard mahogany, being the growth or production of any of the faid colonies, plantations, or iflands, notwithftanding the laid recited adts, or any other act or adts of parliament now in force.

XIV.	And whereas by the aforefaid ad, pajfed in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty9s reign, it is enacted. That no goods or commodities whatfoever Jhall be imported from any of the territories belonging to the united ftates of America, into the provinces of Nova Scotia, or New Brunfwick, or the ijlands of Cape Breton, Saint joh n’s or Newfoundland, or into any country or ifiand within their refpeClive governments, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with the Jhip or vejfel importing the fame, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas his Ma~ jefty9s fubjeds in the before mentioned provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunfwick, contribute greatly to the navigation of the Britifh dominions by building great numbers of Jhips in the ports of the faid provinces, but are in want of pitch, tar, and turpenti?ie for the pur-pofes aforefaid; be it enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful, from and after the faid tenth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, to import pitch, tar, and turpentine, being the growth or produdtion of any of the territories belonging

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 51.	123

ing to the faid united Rates of America, from any of the territories imported of the faid united Rates into the provinces of Nova Scotia and [n^Nova06 New Brunfivick ; provided that fuch pitch, tar, or turpentine scotia and fhall not be imported except by Britifb fubjeftcs, and in Britifo- NewBrunf-built (hips owned by his Majefty’s fubjefts, and navigated ac- wick by Bri-cprding to law.	^

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all fhips, veffels, goods How forfti-or commodities, or other things, which fhall be forfeited by vir- tures are to tue of any of the provifions of this aft, fhall and may be feized beprofecuted and profecuted, and the produce thereof applied and difpofed of and aPPlieck in fuch and the like manner, and by fuch and the like ways, means, and methods, as are provided in any of the aforefaid afts refpefting the feizure and profecution of forfeitures.

CAP. LI,

An aft for rendering more effectual an aft of the prefeni fejfion of parliament, intituled., An aft for enabling his Majefty to direft the iflue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the pur-pofes and in the manner therein mentioned. — [June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS, hy an aft made and paffed in this fejfton 0/* Preamble.

parliament, commijfioners were appointed for the ijfue of cer- 33 Geo. 3. c. tain exchequer bills in the manner therein mentioned; who have taken 29> recited. upon themfelves the execution of the faid aft: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners ap- Commiflion-pointed by the faid aft to advance and lend exchequer bills, to be efs under re“ made out in purfuance of the faid aft, to any person or perfons, on the fecurity of any wares or merchandizes the property of any quer bills to other person or perfons, with the confent of the lawful owner or persons on the owners thereof, fuch confent to be teftified and proved, to the fatisfaftion of fuch commiffioners, in fuch manner as they, or the Confent of any feven or more of them, fhall think proper; and that fuch the owners; wares or merchandizes, being pledged with fuch confent as aforefaid, fhall be bound as fully and effeftually as if fuch exchequer bills were advanced and lent to the true proprietor or proprietors thereof refpeftively, under the faid aft.

II. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be law- and may take ful for the faid commiflioners appointed by the faid aft, in all exchequer cafes where they fhall fee occafion, to accept and take, as a further and additional fecurity for any loan already made, or to curity^above be made, of any fuch exchequer bills, or any part of fuch loan, the fecurity over and above the fecurity required by the faid aft, any exche- required by quer bills, India bonds, bills of exchange, or other negociable reclted aft. fecurities for money whatever, which fhall be depofited for that purpofe, as the faid commifiioners, or any feven or more of them, fhall direft; and all fuch exchequer bills, India bonds, bills of exchange, or other negociable fecurities for money5 fo depofited,

ftiail,

 

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. [1795.

Partners to give, beiides the required fecuritv, a promi/Tory note for fuch futn as the com miffioners fhall direct.

fhall, in default of payment of fuch loan in the manner direfted by the faid aft, become and be veiled in the faid com mi/lionets, and (hall and may be fold and difpofed of, or the monies due and payable by virtue thereof fhall and may be fued for in due courfe of law, in the name of their fecretary for the time being, for the ufe of the faid commifiloners under the faid aft.

III. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any person or persons carrying on trade in a partnerfhip or firm with any other person or perfons, fnall apply for any exchequer bills to be ad-, vanced. by virtue of the faid aft, on any of the fecurities therein mentioned, and fhall {hew, to the fatisfaftion of the faid com-miffioners, that fuch exchequer bills are to be advanced to fuch person or persons for the ufe of the faid partnerfhip, it fhall and may be lawful for the person or persons fo applying for fuch advance to give to the faid commiilioners, over and above the fe-curity required by the faid aft, a promiffory note or promi/Tory notes, in the parternerfhip firm, in fuch fum or fums of money refpeftively, not exceeding in the whole the amount of the fum to be advanced to fuch person or perfons, with interefl for the fame, according to the faid aft, as the faid commiffioners fhall direct ; which promi/Tory notes as aforefaid fhall refpeftively be made payable to the fecretary of the faid commiffioners for the time being, at fuch times, and in fuch proportions, as the advance to be made to the person or persons fo applying fhall be flipulated to be paid by the obligation or obligations to be entered into by fuch person or persons purfuant to the faid aft; which notes {hall be refpeftively made in the form following (that is to fay);

Form of note. TT/ & promife to pay to the fecretary of the commiffioners for the iffue ** °f certain exchequer bills for the time beings the fum of

zuith interefl for the fame, at the rate offive pounds per centum by the year, from the date hereof on the

day of	now	next	enfuing.

Provided'that feparate and diflinft notes fhall be made and given by fuch person or persons as aforefaid, in refpect of each inftall-S c tarvmav ment t0 Pa^ t^e ^um advanced, purfuant to the faid aft; fue upon	y and it fhall be lawful for the fecretary to the faid	commiffioners

notes.	for the time being to fue upon every fuch note.

Commiffion- IV. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and maybe lawful ers may annul for the faid commiffioners appointed by the faid aft, in every cafe °riofato°this w^ere t^ey fhaU have ma^e any advance in exchequer bills, on ad?and trike the fecurityof any obligation or obligations with fureties execut-new ones. ed before the palling of this aft, to accept and take from the principal debtor or debtors, and alfo from the feveral fureties thereto, or any of them, or any other person or persons as furety or fureties, another obligation or other obligations to his Majefly as a fecurity for the fame debt, with like conditions thereto refpec-tively fubferibed for the payment of the faid debt, with interefl, at the feveral times, and in the manner mentioned in fuch former

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51.	125

mer obligation or obligations, and with the concurrent confent of fuch principal debtor or debtors, and all the feveral fureties already bound for the faid debt, to cancel and annul fuch former obligation or obligations, and that every obligation entered into after the palling of this aft, as a fecurity for the repayment of any loan made before the palling of this aft, (hall have the like force and effeft, and fhall be enforced and profecuted with the like powers and remedies, and fhall be fubjeft to the like terms, conditions, and limitations, and the money thereby fecured fhall be recoverable by the like ways and means, in all refpefts, as if fuch obligation had been entered into as a fecurity for any loan made by the faid commiflioners after the palling of this aft,

V. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any advance in ex- Partners chequer bills fhall be made to any person or pcrfons concerned eftates liable in any partnerfhip, upon the application of any person or persons ^d^them^on to the faid commiHioners to make fuch advance to the ufe of t^e fecurity the faid partnerfhip, and fuch advance or any part thereof of others, &c. fhall have been aftually applied to the ufe of the laid partnerfhip, then the eftate and effefts of fuch partnerfhip fhall be liable and fubjeft to, and are hereby made chargeable with the payment of the fums advanced and aftually applied as aforefaid, with in-tereft for the fame, and all cofts attending the recovery thereof, as in cafe of debt found on record to the King’s majefty, notwithstanding the faid commiHioners fhall or may have taken fecurities for the fame debt in the name or names of any other person or persons than the persons concerned in fuch partnerfhip, or in the name or names of any one or more of fuch partners; and in cafe it fhall be made appear, by affidavit, to any baron of the refpec-tive courts of exchequer in England and Scotland, that fuch advance, or fuch part thereof as aforefaid, was aftually applied to the ufe of the faid partnerfhip, and the fame being found on record, it fhall be lawful for fuch baron to caufe an extent to be iffued againft the eftate and effefts of fuch partnerfhip^ to the amount of the fum fo aftually applied with intereft thereupon and cofts as aforefaid, in the fame manner as if the advance fo actually applied was an immediate debt from all the persons concerned in fuch partnerfhip to the King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceffors.

VI. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lavv-'Commiflion-ful for the faid commiffioners appointed by the faid aft to advance ers may ad-and lend to the refpeftive companies of the incorporated banks Vtie^biUs to^ in Scotland., called the bank of Scotland, and the royal bank, and t^ineorpo*-for'the faid banks refpeftively to borrow from the faid comm if- rated banks fioners any fum of money in exchequer bills, on any of the fecu- in Scotland, rities mentioned, in the fame manner as if fuch fums refpeftively were lent and borrowed in Scotland, tuny charter, ufagc, or cuf-tom to the contrary notwithftanding; and that any obligation to the Kings majefty, in the form mentioned in the faid aft, being under the feals of fuch corporations refpeftively, and every other fecurity made in the ufual form of fuch fecurities for money borrowed by fuch corporations refpeftively in Scotland, which have been, fince the palling of the faid aft, or which fhall be entered

into.

 

Cornmiffion-ers may take, as additional fecurity, heri table fecuvitie on eftates in Scotland, or alignments thereof, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo tertioGEORGii III. c. 51. [1793.

into, or given to or depofited with the faid commiffioners, as a fecurity for fuch loans refpedtively, Avail be good and valid in law, and fhall be refpedlively proceeded upon for the recovery of fuch loans, with interest referved thereon, and cofts attending the recovery of the fame, in the manner directed, as fully and effectually as if fuch money had been borrowed in Scotland, under the powers, limitations, and provifions, contained in any charter or charters relating to the faid corporations refpedtiveJy.

VII,	And be it further enadted, That it Aiall and maybe lawful for the faid commiffioners appointed by the faid adt, in all cafes . where they fhall fee occafion, to accept and take, as a further i and additional fecurity for any loan already made or to be made of any fum in fuch exchequer bills as aforefaid, or part of fuch loan, from any principal or furety in fuch loan, or other person or persons having lands, heritages, or other real eftates in Scot-land, any heritable fecurity whatever which may affedt, incumber, or charge the faid real eftates of fuch principals or fureties, or fuch other persons as aforefaid, by the laws of Scotland, and alfo to accept and take, as a like further and additional fecurity from any fuch principal or furety, or other person or persons pof-fefied of any heritable fecurity, affedting, incumbering, or charging any real eftates in Scotland, any aftignment of fuch heritable fecurity prepared according to the forms prefcribed by the laws of Scotland, and that every fuch heritable fecurity which Aiall be fo granted or conftituted, and every alignment of any heritable fecurity which Aiall be fo made as fuch further and additional fecurity for fuch loan as aforefaid, Aiall refpedhvely be granted, conftituted, and made to and in the name of the fecretary to the faid commiffioners for the time being, in truft for the faid com* miftioners in terms of the loan for which the fame fhall be a fecurity ; and the faid fecretary for the time being fhall, under the diredtions of the faid commiffioners, have full power and authority to perform, execute, and carry into effedt, any adts, matters, and things whatever, which fhall be requiftte for the further and better afluring and validating any fuch heritable fecurity or alignment thereof as aforefaid, and for enforcing, profecuting, and purfuing the fame for the recovery of the fums for which fuch fe-curities were refpeclively granted, conftituted, and made, in all courts of competent jurifdidtion in Scotland, as fully and effedtu-ally, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame fecurities refpec-tively were granted, conftituted, and made to the fecretary for the time being, as a fecurity for his own proper debt in Scotland; and that on payment or fatisfadlion of the principal fums for which fuch fecurity Aiall be given, with intereft for the lame, and all cofts incurred in recovering the fame; and the faid fecretary for the time being Aiall, and he is hereby authorifed under the direction of the faid commiffioners, to execute, on behalf of the faid commiffioners, a difcharge and renunciation of the faid money fo paid or fatisfied to be prepared at the cofts of the party or parties making fuch payment or fatisfadlion according to the forms prefcribed by law for difchargiog and renouncing an heri*

table

 

127

table'debt or incumbrance upon a real eftate in Scotland., and that fuch difcharge and renunciation fhall be good and valid in law to all intents and purpofes whatever.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any person as furety Iffureties give fhall give any fuch additional fecurity as in this a61 is mentioned, f^^^and over and above fuch obligation or other fecurity for any loan as payment of

is required by the laid aef, and if any payment fhall be made of loan be made any part of fuch loan in confequence of fuch additional fecurity in confe-being fo given, and in difcharge thereof, every fuch payment {hall be deemed and taken to be made under the obligation en- title the furety tered into by fuch furety, and in difcharge or in part difcharge to remedy thereof, for the purpofe of entitling fuch furety, his executors, or againft the . adminiftrators, and fuch payment fhall entile fuch furety, his ^ebtorLidthe executors and adminiftrators refpedtively, to the like remedy co.fureties** from the principal debtor or debtors in the faid loan, his or their	9

heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for the reimburfement of the fums fo paid or fatisfted, and from the co-fureties in the faid loan for the like contribution as if fuch payment or fatisfadfion had actually been made upon the obligation entered into by fuch furety; and if any person not being a party to any obligation entered into andifperfons by virtue of the faid a£f, fhall give fuch further fecurity for any npt obligees, loan as in this acb is particularly mentioned, and any payment ^uritrt'and -or fatisfa&ion of fuch loan, or any part thereof, fhall be made in payment confequence of fuch further fecurity being fo given, and in dif- be made, the charge thereof, every fuch payment or fatisfa6iion fhall intitle the Party making party making the fame, his executors or adminiftrators, to the like cn^tledtothe remedy from the principal debtor or debtors in the faid loan, his fame remedy or their heirs, executors or adminiftrators, for the reimburfement as if he had of the fums fo paid or fatisfted, as if fuch person had entered into been a furety. an obligaton as furety, and fuch payment had been made thereupon, and that in every cafe of fuch payment upon or in confe- In cafe of fuch .quence of fuch additional fecurity, as well the obligation or ob- payment in ligations of fuch principal debtor or debtors entered into by vir- ^^|fftu.ence tue of the laid a6t, as all and every the additional fecurities which fecurities^the have been given by fuch principal debtor or debtors by virtue of obligation of this a6F, fhall feverally and refpecfively ftand and remain as fecu- principal rities for the purpofe of fuch reimburfement in the manner di- debtors and re6fed by the faid a6t, in cafes of payment by fureties upon obit- curides^given gations, and until the whole of the fums fo paid or fatisfted fhall by them to be fully reimburfed, and that fuch proceedings fhall and may be remain as had upon any additional fecurities given by fuch principal debtor fecurities, or debtors for the recovery of the fums fo paid for the benefit of the refpedlive parties making fuch payments, their executors or adminiftrators, as might lawfully have been had for the recovery of the fums due and payable to the faid commifFioners, notwith-ftanding the faid loan fhall have been fully repaid to the faid com-mi (ft oners.

IX.	And be it further eriaflred, That the faid commiffioners Commiffion-appointed by the faid a6t fhall, and they are hereby authorifed ers to provide and required to provide from time to time, fuch warehoufes or

places as they fhall deem requifite for lodging and fecuring mPe^ot^Lon-

e	wares	don.

 

Commiffion-ers to receive applications for loans not under aoool. on tender of a depofit of double the turn applied for.

Provifions applying to commiffions of bankruptcy to extend to fequeftration againft eftates o .bankrupts in Scotland.

wares or merchandizes depofited with them at any place nob more than ten miles diftant from the ftandard in Cornhill, in the city of London, and that fuch cuftody (hall be as valid and effectual as if the fame were depofited in London, in purfuance of the faid a£t.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the faid commiffioners appointed by the faid acl fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and required to receive any applications made for the loan of any fum of money lefs than the fum of four thoufand pounds, and not Jefs than the fum of two thoufand pounds, and to a6b thereupon according to the rules and regulations of the faid a6l with refpect to applications therein mentioned; provided that fuch applications for lefs than the fum of four thoufand pounds fhall tender a lecurity in wares and merchandizes to be depofited under the directions of the faid a£I, to the amount of double the fum applied for, and that no loan for any lefs fum than four thoufand pounds fhall be made by the faid commiffioners, unlefs wares or merchandizes to the amount of double the fum fo lent, fhall be depofited in purfuance of the directions of the faid aCt.

XL And be it further enaCted, That every provifion in the faid aCt made with application to any commiffion or commiflions of bankruptcy, fhall be deemed and conftrued to extend to any fequeltration awarded or to be awarded againft the eftate or effects of any bankrupt or bankrupts in Scotland-, as fully and effectually as if fuch provifion had been cxpreffly applied thereto by the faid aCt.

Depofits in the cuftody of officers of the cuftoms or excife, according to recited a6t, to be deemed a depofit by this abt.

XII. And be it further enaCted and declared, That all wares and merchandizes which fhall be placed under the cuftody of any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife in any rooms, ware-houfes, or places belonging to the owner or owners of fuch wares or merchandizes, in any of the places mentioned in the faid aCt for the depofit of wares and merchandizes, and which ihall be approved by the faid commiffioners, as a fecurity for any loan under the faid aCt, fhall be deemed a depofit of wares and merchandizes within the true intent and meaning of the faid aCI, and fhall and may be kept and fecured in the cuftody of fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, in fuch warehoufes, rooms, or places of fuch owner or owners refpedfively, as a Security for fuch loan, and until payment thereof, under fuch rules and regulations as fhall be from time to time prefcribed by the faid commiffioners, and under the feveral reftriclions, conditions, exemptions, privileges, and advantages, and as fully and effedlually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame wares and merchandizes were depofited as fuch fecurity in the cuftody of the faid commiffioners under the faid a£L

Securities of XIII. And be it further enabled, That every obligation or 'ominS bank ot^er ^ecur^y entered into or given, from and after the paffing of ruptsin En~-~ a(ft> by any person or perfons, either as principal or furety, land to be & who fhall afterwards become bankrupt within the true intent and forfeited, and meaning of the feveral ftatutes made, and now in force, concern-the claims of jng bankrupts^ and againft whom a commiffion of bankrupt fhall

be

1793*3 Anno regnt tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51.	129

be awarded and iffued out in that part of Great Britain called Eng- the commif-land, fhall, by reafon and force of fuch bankruptcy, and from the time of fuch bankruptcy, become and be forfeited, and due and ^	?	^

payable, as again ft fuch- bankrupt or bankrupts ; and that all the eftate and effects of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts which would be liable to fatisfy the demands of the creditors feeking relief under fuch commiffion of bankrupt, fhall be liable and fubjeft to, and are hereby made chargeable with, the payment of the principal and intereft due upon fuch obligation or other fecurity, and all coifs attending the recovery of the fame ; and jhat the claims of the faid commiffioners fliall be fir ft paid and finished out of the eftate and efifefts of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, and in preference to the claim of any other creditor or creditors: and it fliall be lawful for the faid commiffioners, in the name of their fecretary for the time being, to apply by petition, in a fummary way, to the proper courts in England, having jurisdiction of the matters of fuch commiffion of bankruptcy, to make due order 1 accordingly, which fuch courts refpectively are herb by authorifed and required to make.

XIV.	And be it further enabled. That every obligation or and alfo in other fecurity entered into or given, from and after the paffing Scotland, &c, of this aft, by any person or perfons, either as principal or furety,

who fliall afterwards become bankrupt, and againft whole eftate fequeftration fliall be awarded in Scotland\ fliall, by reafon and force of fuch bankruptcy, and from the time of the date of the fir ft deliverance, on the petition to the court of feffion for awarding the fequeftration, become and be due and payable as againft fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, and that all the eftate and efFedts, real and perfonal, of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, which would be liable to fatisfy the demands of the creditors feeking relief under fuch fequeftration, (hall be liable and fubjedt to, and are hereby made chargeable with, the payment of the principal and intereft due upon fuch obligation or other fecurity, and all cofts attending the recovery of the fame; and that the claims of the faid corn-mi ffioners fliall be firft paid and fatisfied out of the eftate and effects of-fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, and in preference to the claim of any other creditor or creditors, neverthelefs without prejudice to preferences duly obtained, according to the law of Scotland, upon the real eftates of persons who {hall become bankrupts; and it lhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners, in the name of their fecretary for the time being, to apply, by petition in a fum-mary.way, to the proper courts in Scotland., having jurifdictioii of the matters of fuch bankruptcy, for making effectual the payment of the claims of the faid commiffioners accordingly, and which fuch courts are hereby,authorifed and required to make.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That it fhail Commiffion-

and maybe lawful for the faid commiffioners appointed by the ersmayac-faid aft to accept from the affignees under any commiffion of	ny

bankruptcy iffiued, or from the factor or factors, truftce or truftees, fronVbank-under any fequeftration awarded, againft any principal debtor or vupts. debtors in any fuch loan under the laid aft, fuch fecuritv for the

VoLt XXXIX.	K '	pay-

 

13o

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

c. 51. [1793.

payment of the (urn clue from fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, out of his or their eftate or effefts, as the laid commiftioners {hall approve; and that the acceptance of fuch fecurity by the faid com-mifiioners {hall operate as a releafe of the eftate of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, for the benefit of the creditors under the faid com-miftion of bankruptcy in England, or fequeftration in Scotland\ from all claims whatever by the faid commiftioners, other than and except fuch part of the faid eftate as {hall be fpecified in writing between the faid commiftioners and the faid aftignees* under the faid commiftion of bankruptcy in England, or between the faid commiftioners and the faid fadlor or fadlors, truftee or truftees, under the faid fequeftration in Scotland, to be referved by the laid commiftioners for fuch fecurity as aforefaid, in cafe the faid commiftioners fhall require fuch fecurity.

Commiftion- XVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enadbed, That in cafe proTiftonalfe- <^e^t grow due t0 ^ commiftioners from any fuch curity from bankrupt or bankrupts, as a furety or furetics upon any fuch loan the afiignees as aforefaid, it {hall and may be lawful for the faid commiftioners to accept from the afiignees under fuch commiftion of bankruptcy in England\ or from the fadlor or factors, truftee or truftees, under fuch fequeftration in Scotland, fuch provifional fecurity for the payment of the fum due from fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, out of his or their eftate or efifecls, as the faid commiftioners {hall approve, fuch provifional fecurity to be void on the payment or fa-tisfadlion of the fum lo due by the principal debtor or debtors, or by the accceptance of other furety or fureties in lieu thereof, in the manner herein-after mentioned; provided that fuch acceptance of fuch provifional fecurity by the faid commiftioners {hall operate as a releafe of the eftate of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts* for the benefit of the creditors under the faid commiftion of bankruptcy in England, or fequeftration in Scotland, from all claims whatfoever by^the faid commiftioners, other than and except fuch part of the faid eftate as {ball be fpecified in writing between the faid commiftioners and the faid afiignees, under the faid ccmmif-fion of bankruptcy in England, or between the faid commiftioners and the faid factor or fadtors, truftee or truftees, under the faid fequeftration in Scotland, to be referved by the faid commiftioners for fuch provifional fecurity as aforefaid, in cafe the faid commiftioners {hall require fuch fecurity.

XVII. Provided always, That any fuch releafe of the eftate or eftateor effects effects of any fuch bankrupt or bankrupts as aforefaid, whether of bankrupts principals or fureties upon any fuch loan as aforefaid, fhall not be deemed or taken, either in law or equity, to difeharge any other person or perfons, or the eftate or efFebts of any other person or perfons, or to aftedt any other fecurity for the fame debt or in any manner to prevent any contribution amongft fureties or any demand of fureties againft their principals provided for by the faid act.

; If principal XVJII. And be it further enacted, That if any fuch furety or debtors do not fureties upon any fuch loan by the faid commiftioners under the

of fureties, which fhall be void on payment of the money due by the principal debtor, &c.

Releafe of

not to difeharge other Securities.

laid adt {hall be declared bankrupt as aforefaid, and the principal

lumiefonMla,d act half the fum debtor or debtors thereon fhall riot, within fourteen days after

notice

*793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRgII III. cf 51;	13	r

notice thereof and requifition made for that purpofe by the faid for which commiffioners, produce another furety or other fureties, to be ap- ^^ies^cre proved of by the faid commmiffioners, to become bound, and who bOUTKj, pro_ fhall accordingly become bound, in the faid fum by the like fecu- cefs may be rity or fecurities, in lieu of the furety or fureties fo becoming ihued" .againtt bankrupt as aforefaid, or pay to the faid commiffioners One half ^or of the fum for which fuch furety or fureties were bound by fuch fecurity or fecurities, then the fecurity and fecurities given or entered into by fuch principal debtor or debtors fhall be deemed forfeited as far as to the amount of one half of the fum or funis in which fuch furety or fureties were bound refpedlively; and it fhall and may lawful for the faid commiffioners to caufe procefs to be iffiied, in the manner prefcribed by the faid aft, againd the principal debtor or debtors, his and their heirs, executors, and administrators, for the recovery of one half part of all and every the fum and fums in which fuch furety or fureties were bound refpeftively, together with intereft and cods, to be direft-ed by the faid commiffioners in purfuance of the faid aft.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for Comiffiffion-the faid coinmiffioners, in the name of their fecretary for the maY aPPty time being, to apply, by petition or otherwife, to .the proper

for commif-fions of back-

courts in England and Scotland refpeftively, for any commiffion rUptcy or of bankruptcy or fequedration againd the edate or effects of any fequeftration* bankrupt or bankrupts, and to fue out and otherwife purfue the fame refpeftively, in like manner as any other creditor or creditors is or are by law intitled to do in England and Scotland refpeftively.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the commiffioners Cornmlffion-

named in any commiffion of bankruptcy which fhall at any time ers of bank-hereafter be awarded and iffued out in England, and the court of	°

feffion or lord ordinary officiating, on the bills for the time, and of debt upon every officer or other person concerned in the management of the oath of the fequedered edate of any bankrupt in Scotland, fhall admit the persons ap-proof of any debt or grounds of debt under the faid a61, on the the^omrmf-oath, affirmation, or affidavit of any person appointed by the faid fioners under* commmiffioners to aft in the execution of the faid aft, which recited aft, oath, affirmation, and affidavit refpedtively (hall be taken and ad- ^c* minidered before any of the proper officers, having authority by

law to adminider oaths or affirmations, or to take, affidavits in cafes of bankruptcy; and fhall permit fuch person fo authori fed by the faid commiffioners, to vote in the choice of an aiiignee or affignees, faftcr or faftors, trudee or trudees, as the cafe may 1 require, of fuch bankrupt’s edate and effects, and to do and execute every other aft, matter, and thing relating to fuch bankruptcy, as fully and effeftually as if fuch person fo authorifed was the bona fide creditor of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no- AftnOttode* thing herein contained fhall extend, or be condrued to extend, to lay execti-prevent, hinder, or delay the execution of any commiffion of bankruptcy by the commiffioners therein named, according to the bankruptcy,

K 2	laws	See.

Obligations under recited or this a£t riot liable to Itamp duty.

Provifions of this to extend to recited adt; and of recited adt to this.

Commencement of act.

Exchequer bills made payable on December 31, 1793, to be deemed payable on December 30.

Anno r.egni tricesimo tertio Georgii 1IT. c. 51. [1793.

laws now in force in that part of Great Britain called England, or the proceeding to or under fequeftration in Scotland\ provided that every alignment of the eftate or effedts of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts under the (aid com million in England, and every adt of. fequeftration of the eftate or effedts of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts in Scotland, (hall be fubjedt to the claims of the faid commiffioners appointed by the faid aft, and until the fame (hall be fully paid or fecured to be paid.

XXII.	And be it further enadted, That no obligation to his Majefty, taken by the faid commiffioners from and after the palling the faid adt, or to be taken from and after the paffing of this adt, nor any promilfory note to be given to the fecretary to the faid commiffioners under this act, as a fecurity for the loan of money in fuch exchequer bills'as aforefaid, nor any affidavit, depofition, or receipt, taken or to be taken or made under and by virtue of the faid adts, {hall be liable to any ftamp duty whatever.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That all and every the provifions of this act (hall, in the execution of the faid act pa/Ted in this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for enabling his Majejly to dir eft the iffue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the pur~ pofes and in the manner therein mentioned, be ufed, and applied, ana conftrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions were fpecially enadted in the faid act; and all and every the provifions of the faid adt (hall, in the execution of this a61, and in the application of the monies recovered or arifing upon any inftrument or other fecurity taken or depofited by virtue of this act, be ufed, applied, extended, and conftrued in like manner, as if the fame provifions Were fpecially enacted in this act.

XXIV.	And be it further enadted, That this adt (hall commence from and after the day when the fame fhall receive tne royal affent.

XXV.	And whereas certain exchequer bills have been prepared at the receipt of the exchequer, under the faid aft, zvkich are made payable on the thirty-firjl day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and which were dir eft ed by the faid aft to be made payable on the thirtieth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety'three, be it further enacted, That all fuch exchequer bills which have been or fhail be idled under the (aid adt as payable on the faid thirty-firft day of December, fliall be deemed in law to be due and payable on the faid thirtieth day of December, according to the directions of the faid adt, any thing in fuch exchequer bills contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP.

 

I793-] 'Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgit III. c. 52.	133

CAP. LIL

, An aft for continuing in the Eaft India company, for a further term, the pojfeffon of the Britifh territories in India, together with tbeiii cxclufive trade, under certain limitations; for efcibjijhing further regulations for the government of the fa id territories, and the better adminiflration of jujlice within the fame; for appropriating to certain ufes the revenues and profits of the faid company ; and for making provifion for the good order and gorvernment of the toivns ^Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay.—[June ri, 1793.]

"HE RE AS it is expedient that the exclufive trade of the united Preamble. company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, within the limits of their charter which, by an aft, made in the twenty-firft year of his Majepf s reign, for eftablijhing an agreement 21 Geo.3.c.65. with the faid company, and other purpofes, was continued to them for a term thereby limited, fhould be further continued to them and their fuccejfors, under certain limitations and ref rift ions, for a term cf twenty years, to be computed from the fir ft day of March onethou-fand feven hundred aud ninety ■four, liable to be dijeontinued at or after the end of fuch period, upon three years notice previoufiy given by parliament for that purpofe ; and that during the faid further term all the territorial acquifilions obtained in the Eaft Indies, which, by an aft made in the feventh year of his Majejly s reign, for efablifn- 7Geo. 3. c.57. ing an agreement for the payment of a certain annual fun for a limited time by the /aid company, in refpeft of the faid acquifi-tions, and the revenues thereof, and by fubfequent afts, were continued in the pojfijfio.n of the faid company, together with the territorial acquifitions lately obtained there, with the revenues of the fame refpeftively, jhould remain in the' poffifjion of the faid company, without prejudice to the claims of the publick or of the faid company, fiab-jeft to fuch powers aud authorities for the fupenntendance, direction, and controul over all afts, operations, and concerns, which relate to the 'civil or military government or revenues of the faid territories, as have been already made or provided by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf or to fuch fuyther powers, and under and fubjeft to fuch other rules, regulations, and rcjlriftions, relating to or concerning the /aid civil government, and the appropriation of the faid revenues, as /ball be now made and provided by the authority of parliamentmay it therefore pleafe your Ma'efty that it may he enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s mo ft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelect parliament Territorial affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid tern- ’^g0115** torial acquifitions in the laid former acts mentioned, together revt.ml[s to with the territorial acquifitions lately obtained in the Eajl ladies, continue in with the revenues thereof refpedtively, ftiall remain and continue in the polh-fhon

the pofteffion of the faid united company for and during the fur- ft

1 f j ^	o	iiv'ii corn-*

ther term by this a£t granted to them in the laid exclufive trade, p U)y ror a

Iv

fub- further time.

 

*34

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgn III.

His Majelly

of India.

Three com-mifli oners may form a board, &c.

c. 52. [1793.

fubjedl neverthelefs to the feveral regulations and proyifions in this a6l contained,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That cc^mhfioners ^ and may be lawful for his Majelly, his heirs or fucceflors, for the affairs by any letters patent, or by any comniifiion or commiffions to be ilTued under the great feal of Great Britain, from time to time to nominate, conftitute, and appoint, during his or their pleaiure, fuch members of the privy council (of whom the two principal fecretaries of Hate, and the chancellor of the exchequer for the time being, {hall always be three), and fuch other two persons as his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall think fit to be, and who fhall acordingly be and be ftyled Commijjioners for the Affairs of India.

III.	And be it further enacted, That any three or more of the faid commifiioners fhall and may form a board, for executing the feveral powers which by this a<£t, or by any other a6l or ads, are or fhall be given to or vetted in the'faid commifiioners; and that the firft named commifiioner in any fuch letters patent or com-miflion for the time being {hall be the prefident of the faid board ; and that when any board fhall be formed in the abfence of the prefident, the commifiioner whofe name {hall {land next in the order of their nomination in the faid commifiion, of thofe who 111 all be prefent, {hall for that turn prefide at the faid board.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That if the commifiioners prefent at any board {hall be equally divided in opinion, in refpedl to any matter by them difcuffed, then and on every fuch occafion the prefident, or in his abfcence the commifiioner ading as fuch, fhall have two voices, or the calling vote.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the faid board of commif-fioners fhall and may nominate and appoint fuch fecretaries and officers as {hall be neceffary to attend upon the faid board, who lb all be fubjed to difmifiion at the pleafure of the faid board; and that the proceedings of the faid commifiioners fhall be entered in proper books; and that as well the laid commifiioners, or fuch and fo many of them as his Majefty fhall think fit, as likewife their fecretaries and other officers, fhall be paid fuch fixed fala-ries as his Majelly fhall, by any warrant or warrants under his fign manual, counterfigned by the chancellor of the exchequer for the time being, aired; and that in the mean time the falaries and allowances already granted to the fecretaries and officers of the prefent board of comnfiffioners for the affairs of India fhall be continued, all which falaries, together with all other contingent charges and expences to be incurred by the faid board, {hall be paid and defrayed quarterly by the faid company, and deemed and taken as part of their commercial charges, the quarterly amount thereof being firfl fettled and allowed by the faid board, and certified by the prefident or adling prefident of the faid board for the time being, to the court of directors of the faid company; provided always, that the whole of the falaries to be paid to the members of the faid board fhall not exceed the fum of five thou-land pounds in any one year; and that the yvhole of the falaries,

charges.

Prefident to have the calling vote.

Beard may appoint officers.

Salaries to be fixed by his Majefty, ecc.

The whole Planes to members of £he board not

 

1793-1 Anno'regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. ijg

charges, and expences of the faid board, exclufive of the falaries exceed of the members of the faid board, fhall not exceed the fum of lii°°°fcGann^* eleven thoufand pounds in any one year*	■,	.

VL Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That the faid Com million-commiffioners, before they fhall proceed to act in execution of frjlto take any of the powers or authorities veiled in them (fave only the ,	*

power of adminiftering the oath after mentioned) fhall feverally take and fubfcribe the following oath; (that is to fay):

T A. B. do faithfully promife and fwear, That as a commiffioner or Oath.

member of the board for the affairs of India, I will give my heft advice and affiftance for the good government of the Britifh pojfeffions in the Eaft Indies, and the due adminift ration of the revenues of the fame, according to law, and zvill execute the feveral powers and trnfls repofed in me according to the heft of my /kill and. judgement y without favour or aJfedliony prejudice or malice, to any perjon whatever.

Which oath any two of the faid commiffioners fhall and hereby impowered to adminifter to the others of them, or any of them'; and the faid oath fhall be entered by their chief fecretary amongft the a£ts of the board, and be duly fubferibed and attefted by the faid commiffioners, at the time of their taking and adminiftering the fame to each other refpedtively.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That the feveral fecretaries Officers to and other officers of the faid board fhall alfo take and fubfcribe, take before the faid board, fuch oath of fecrecy, and for the execution

of the duties of their refpective ftations, as the faid board fhall direct.

VIII.	Andy for obviating any doubt which might otherwife arifc7 how far the office or appointment of a commiffioner of the faid board

for the affairs of India, by virtue of this acf or of the chief fecretary to the faid board, be ■within any of the provifions contained in an act of the fixth year of the reign of Sjueen Anne, intituled, An act 6 Anne c* 7» for the fecurity of her Majefty’s person and government, and of the fucceffion to the crown of Great Britain in the proteftant line, or how far the appointment of any juch commiffioner or fecretary, being a member or members of the houfe of commons, fall vacate his or their feat or feats in that hoidey be it further enabled and declared, That the laid refpective offices, places, or appointments Appointments of a commiffioner or chief fecretary of the faid board for the af- of commif-fairs of Indiay to be made under the authority of this a£t, fhall ^ ,°n^a°r not be deemed or taken to be within the intent or purview of the t^dlfqualify faid adt of the fixth year of Queen Anney whereby to disqualify f,-om being any fuch commiffioner or chief fecretary from being elected, or elected to par* fitting or voting as a member of the houfe of commons; nor lament, &c* fhall the appointment of any fuch commiffioner, not having any fpecial falary annexed to fuch appointment, or the faid chief fecretary, if a member or members of the houfe of commons, vacate his or their feat or feats in the faid houfe; any thing contained in the faid act of the fixth year of Queen Anney or in any other act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

K+	IX.	And

 

136	Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii Ilf. c. 52. [1793.

Board to fu-	IX. And be it further enafted, That the faid board of com-

perintend all mijnoners fhall by force and virtue of this a£t have and be in-latir*^ to the ve^e<^ with full power and authority to fuperintend, direct, and civil or mili- -controul all acts, operations, and concerns which, in any wife tary govern- relate to or concern the civil or military government or revenues n in^he^ *	territories and acquifitions in the Ed ft Indies, fubjedt

Bait Indies, neverthelefs to fuch directions, rules, regulations, and reftric-tions, and to fuch appropriations of the faid revenues, as are by this aft marie, provided, or eftablifhed, and not otherwife, or in any other manner, any former act or a6ts to the contrary not-with (landing.

Com million-	X. And be it further enacted, That the faid com mi (Boners,

ers or their ^ or any of them, or their chief fecretary, or any other of the

accefs^o the6 °®cers the faid board, by the order and authority of the faid

hooks of the board, fhall have free accefs to the books, papers, letters of cor-

company, See. refpondence, evidences, and other records of the faid company,

and be a (lifted by the proper officers of the faid company in their

fearches for the fame, and furnifhed, by and at the expence of

the faid company, with copies or extradis of fo many or fuch

parts thereof refpedl'ively as the faid board fhall require.

Court of di- XL And be it further enacted, That the court of directors of

rectors to de- the faid company for the time being fhall, and they are hereby

board°copies reclu‘rec^ frorn time to time, to deliver to the faid board copies

of alf proceed-	minutes,	orders, refolutions, and proceedings of all courts

inys; and of of proprietors, general or fpecial, and of all courts of diredlors,

difpatches ye- within eight days after the holding of fuch courts refpedfively,

ceivedielating an(j ajf0 COD;es Qf ajj letters, advices, and difpatches which fhall to the civil or	.	*	.	.	5	...	7	... f	r ..

military p-o- at an)r tlme or times be received by the faid court or directors,

vernment or or any committee of directors, from the Eoji Indies, or from any revenues. other of their fettlements or factories within the limits of their cxclufive trade, or from any of the fervants of the faid united company, - ftationed at Saint Helena, BujJora, Snezy Aleppo, or other parts beyond the feas, in any wife relating to or concerning the civil or military government, or the revenues of the faid territories and acquifitions in India, immediately after the arrival and receipt thereof.

Orders relat- XII. And be it further enabled, That no orders or inftru&ions mg to civil or whatever relating to the civil or military government or reve-vernimcnt or nues	(~aid	territorial acquifitions in India, fhall be at any

revenues, to time fent or given to any of the governments or fettlements in be Submitted India, by the court of directors of the faid united company, or rvthriC(jf1 the *	any c°mmittee of the faid directors, until the fame fh?Jl have

board \vho been ftibmitted to the confideration of and approved by the faid may alter the] board ; and for that purpofe that copies of all orders and inftruc-iamcr,	tions which the faid court of diredlors, or any committee of the

faid directors, fhall propole to be fent to India, fhall be by them previoufly laid before the faid board; and that within the fpace of fourteen days after the receipt of fuch propofed difpatches the " faid board fhall either return the .arne to the faid court of directors, or committee of directors, with their approbation thereof certified under the hand of the chief fecretary to the faid board,

by

 

1793*] Annoregni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	137

by the order of the faid board, or if the faid board fhall difap-prove, alter, or vary in fubftance any of fuch propofed orders or inftrudtions, in every fuch cafe the faid board fhall give to the faid diredtors in writing, under the hand of the chief fecretary of the faid board, by order of the faid board, their reafons at large in refpedt thereof, together with their inftrudtions to the faid di- ' rectors in relation thereto; and that the faid directors fhall, and they are hereby required forthwith to difpatch and fend the letters, orders, and inftrudtions, in the form approved by the faid board, to the proper governments or officers in India, or other limits, without further delay, unlefs on any reprefentation made to them by the faid directors, the faid board fhall order any alterations to be made therein ; and that the directors of the faid company for the time being fhall, and'are hereby required to jaay obedience to, and fhall be governed and bound by, fuch orders and inftrudtions as they fhall from time to time receive from the faid board of commiffioners, touching or concerning the civil

3	a	co

and military government of the laid territories and acquifitions, and the revenues of the fame, according to the tenor and true intent of this adt.

XIIL Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no- Diredors may thing herein contained 111al 1 extend, or be conftrued to extend, make repre-to reftridt or prohibit the faid diredtors from expreffing, by re- |eiltf^ons prefentation in writing to the faid board, fuch remarks, obfer- dersaltered or vations, or explanations as fhall occur, or they fliall think lit, difapproved touching or concerning any letters, orders, or inftrudtions, by the board, which fliall have been varied in fubftance, or difapproved by the faid board ; and that the faid board fhall, and they are hereby required, to take every fuch reprefentation, and the feveral matters therein contained or alledged, into their confideration, and to give fuch further orders or inftrudtions thereupon as they fhall think fit and expedient; which orders or inftrudtioqs fliall be final and conclufive upon the faid directors.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted and declared, Board not to That nothing in this adt contained fliall extend to give to the nominate any faid board of commiffioners the power of nominating or appoint- Qf

ing any of the lervants of the faid united company, any thing pa^y herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enadted, That whenever the court of If the director* diredtors of the faid united company fliall negledt to frame, and neglect to

to tranfrnit to the faid board, difpatches on any fubjedt connedted with the civil or military government of the faid territories or y0nd I4 cjayg acquifitions, or with the revenues thereof, beyond the lpace of after reqni-fourteen days after requifition made to them by order of the faid htioa, the board, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid board to ^oar^ h}3/ prepare and fend to the faid directors (without waiting for the ions "and receipt of the copies of difpatches intended to be lent by the faid the diredtors diredtors) any orders or inductions for any of the governments fhall forward or prefidencies in India, concerning the civil or military govern- thein to India, ment of the faid territories, or the revenues thereof; and the faid diredtors fhall, and they are hereby required to tranfrnit difpatches.

 

138 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c/52. [1793.'

patches, according to the tenor of the faid orders and inftrudtions ' fo tranfmitted to them by the faid board, unto the refpedtive governments and prefidencies. in India, unlefs, on any reprefen-tation made by the {aid diredtors to the faid board, touching fucll orders or inductions, the faid board fhall diredt any alteration to be made in the fame; which directions the* faid court of di-redtors (hall, in fuch cafe, be bound to conform to.

Board to iffue XVI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That noorders relat- thing in this adt contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to ex-or^militaryeo- ten<^5 t0 S*ve to the board of commiffioners any power or vernment, or authority to iffue or fend any orders or inftrudtions, which do the revenues not relate to points connedted with the civil or military govern-only ; and if ment, or revenues of the BritiJ)r? territories or pofleffions in India, the£^do^not^^ nor t0 exPunSe> vary> or alter any difpatches propofed by the relate to them, ^alc^ court of directors as aforefaid, which do not relate to the they may pe- faid government or revenues ; and that if the faid board fhall tition his Ma- fend any orders or inftrudtions to the faid court of diredtors, to be by them tranfmitted, which in the opinion of the faid court of diredtors fhall relate to points not connedted with the faid civil or military government, or revenues, then and on any fuch oc-cafion it fhall be lawful for the faid court of diredtors to apply by petition to his Majefty in council touching the fame, and his Majefty in council fhall decide how far the fame be or be not connedted with the civil or military government and revenues of the faid territories and poffeflions in Indian which decifion fhall be final and conclufive.

Board not to XVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That it fhall direct the in- not be lawful for the faid board to give or caufe to be given any blHh^d°fda^a~ ^^re<^c*ons5 ordering or authorifing, by any difpatches to be fent ries unlefs” to	the	increafe	of	the	eftablifhed falaries, allowances, or

propofed by emoluments of any governor general, governor, or prefident, or the directors, member of council of any of the prefidencies and fettlements and laid before there, or of any other officer in the fervice of the faid company, par lamen , beyond the amount to which the fame now ltand fixed by the orders which have been fent to India, unlefs fuch increafe fhall be fpecified and contained in fome difpatch propofed by the faid court of diredtors to be fent to India, and tranfmitted by them to the faid board for their approbation, and unlefs an account of the actual falaries, allowances, and emoluments of fuch governor general, governor, or prefident, or member of council, or other officer refpedtively, and of the increafe propofed to be made therein, with the reafons for fuch increafe, fhall have been laid before both houfes of parliament thirty days before fuch difpatch fhall be fent.

nor to dire& XVIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That it fhall any gratuity, not be lawful for the faid board to give or caufe to be given any aS diredtion for the payment of any extraordinary allowance or gra-pofed byPthe tuity fr°m the revenues to anY perfon, on account of fervices diredors, See. performed in India, or on any other account whatever, to any greater amount, or to any other person than fhall be fpecified md contained in fomc difpatch propofed by th$ faid court of dU

rectors

 

I793-] Amid regtii tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	139

redlors to be fent to India, and tranfmitted by them to the faid board for their approbation; and that in every cafe where any fuch directions fliall be fo given, a diftinct account of all fuch allowances or gratuities fhall be added to the next lid: of efta-blifliments laid before parliament by the faid court of directors.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacled, That if the Board may faid board of commiflioners fliall be of opinion that the fubjeCI ^,^e°rrd^rs matter of any of their deliberations concerning the levying war, committee of or making peace, or treating or negociating with any of the directors, who native princes or dates in India, intended to be communicated fliall traafmk in orders to any of the governments or presidencies in I?idia, ^/ame fhall be of a nature to require fecrecy, it fhall and may be lawful R

for the faid board to fend their orders and inftrudlions to the Secret committee of the faid court of directors, to be appointed as is by this adt directed, who fhall thereupon, without difclofing the fame, tranfmit their orders and difpatches, according to the tenor of the faid orders and inftrudtions of the faid board, to the refpe&ive governments and prefidencies in India; and that the faid governments and prefidencies fhall be bound to pay a faithful obedience thereto, in like manner as if fuch orders and inftruc-tions had been fent to them by the faid court of dire&ors.

XX.	And be it further enadted, That the faid court of di- Directors to rectors fhall from time to time appoint a fee ret committee, to

confifr of any number not exceeding three of the faid directors, tee wh‘o ^all for the particular purpofes in this aft fpecified, which faid di- take the foU rectors fo appointed fhall, before they or any of them fliall adl lowing in the execution of the powers and trufts hereby repofed in them, take an oath of the tenor following; (that is to fay) :

/A. B. do fivear, That I will, according'to the heft of my /kill Oa£h.

and judgement, faithfully execute the feveral trujh and powers repofed in me as a member of the Jecret committee appointed by the court of directors of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies ; I will not difclofe or make known any of the fecret orders or inf ructions which fhall be given, communicated or tranfmitted to me by the commiffioners for the affairs of India, concerning the levying of war, or the making of peace, or treating or negociating with any of the native princes or fates of India, fave only to the other members of the faid fecret committee, or to the per-fon or persons zvho Jhall be duly nominated and employed in tranferib-ing or preparing the fame refpeftively, unlejs I Jhall be authorijed by the faid commiffioncrs to difclofe and make known the fame.

So help me G 0 D.

Which faid oath fliall and may be adminiftered by the feveral

and refpedlive members of the faid fecret committee to each

other; and, being fo by them taken and fubferibed, the fame

fhall be recorded by the fecretary of the faid court of directors

for the time being amongft the adts of the faid court.

XXI.	And be it further enadled, That if the faid fecret com- Difpatches ot

mittec, in the execution of their faid powers and tfufts, fliall ^ fecret

7	*	f	committee to

140

be prepared only by the Secretary, or examiner of Indian correspondence, who Shall take an oath of Secrecy.

Prefidencies in India may fend difpatches to the Secret committee, who Shall deliver them to the board.

Orders of the

directors touching the civil or military government or the revenues,after approbation by the board, not revocable by the proprietors. Governments of the proficiencies veiled

<3>

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 52. [1793.

find it neceflary to employ any person in tranfcribing or preparing any Secret difpatches, orders, or inftrucffions, required to be transmitted by them to India, under the direction of this adl, the Said difpatches, orders, and infir unions, fhall be tranfcribed and prepared, either by the Secretary of the court of directors for the time being, or by the officer called the examiner of Indian correspondence for the time being, and by no other person or perfons, unlefs with the approbation and confent of the faid board of commiffioners for the affairs of India, for that purpofe firff had and obtained ; and that as well the faid fecretary and examiner, as every other person who fhall be intruffed with the tranfcribing or preparing any of fuch difpatches, orders, or in-ftructions, fhall, before they refpeftively enter upon that duty, take and fubferibe, before any of the members of the faid fecret committee, an oath of fecrecy, as near unto the tenor and form of the oath herein-before provided and directed to be taken by the members of the faid fecret committee as the cafe will admit; and the members of the faid committee, or any two of them, are hereby authorifed and required to frame and adminiffer fuch oath accordingly, and to atteft the taking and fubferibing of the fame by the faid fecretary and examiner, and all other persons who fhall be employed by them as aforefaid, and to caufe the fame to be recorded amongft the acts of the faid court of dri rectors.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That when any of the governments or prefidencies in India fhall be of opinion that any of their difpatches to Great Britain, concerning the government of the faid territories and acquifitions, or the levying war, or making peace, or negociations or treaties with any of the native princes or ftates of India, fhall be of a nature to require the fame to be kept fecret, it fhall be lawful for the faid governments or prefidencies reflectively to addrefs their difpatches requiring fuch fecrecy, under cover, fealed with their feals, unto the faid fecret committee of directors of the faid company, for the infpection of fuch committee, and that immediately upon the arrival of fuch difpatches fo addreffed, the faid fecret committee of directors fhall deliver the fame or copies thereof to the faid board.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That no order or refo-lution of the court of directors of the faid company, touching or concerning the civil or military government or revenues of the faid territories and acquifitions in India, after the fame fhall have received the approbation of the board of commiffioners for the affairs of India, fhall be liable to be refeinded, fufpended, revoked, or varied by any general court of proprietors of the faid company.

XXLV4 And be it further enacted, That the whole civil and military government of the prefidency of Fort William in Bengaly and alfo the ordering, management, and government of all the territorial acquifitions and revenues in the kingdoms or provinces

of

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo terrio Georgii III. c. 52.	141

o{Bengal, Bahar, and OriJfay (hall be and are Hereby veiled in intHe gover-a governor general and three counfellors of and for the faid pre-	fell or s re-

fidency, fubjeft to fuch rules, regulations, and reftriftions as are fp€&iVely. made, provided, or eftablifhed in that behalf in this‘aft, or in any other aft or afts now in force, and not by this aft repealed or altered ; and that the whole civil and military government of -the prefidency of Port Saint George, on the coaft of Coromandely and the ordering, management, and government of all the territorial acquifitions and revenues on the faid coaft, and aifo fo much and fuch parts of the territories and pofleffions on the coaft of Orijfciy with the revenues of the fame, as have been and now are under the adminiftration of the government or prefi-dency of Fort Saint George, fhall be and are hereby veiled in a governor and three counfellors of and for the faid prefidency of Fort Saint Georgey fubjeft to fuch rules, regulations, and reftric-tions as aforefaid; and that the whole civil and military government of the prefidency and illand of Bombay on the coaft of Malabar, and the ordering, management, and government of all the territorial acquifitions and revenues 011 the faid coaft of Malabar y fhall be and are hereby vefted in a governor and three counfellors of-and for the faid prefidency and illand of Bombajy fubjeft as aforefaid, and the faid governors and councils of the faid prefidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay refpeftively, being alfo fubjeft to the fuperintendance and controul of the faid governor general in council, in manner by this aft provided or direfted in that behalf, any aft or afts to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That all vacancies hap- Vacancies of pening in the office of governor general of Fort William in Ben- governors,&c. galy or of any of the members of the council there, or of go-

vernor of either of the company’s prefidencies or fettlements of t(Jrs 1 Fort Saint George or Bombay, or of any of the members of the council of the fame refpeftively, or of governor of the forts and garrifons of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, or of commander in chief of all the forces in Indiay or of any provincial commander in chief of the forces there, all and every of fuch vacancies fhall be filled up and fupplied by the court of direftors of the faid united company, the vacancies of any of the faid members of council being always fupplied from amongft the lift of fenior merchants of the faid company, who fhall have refpeftively refided twelve years in India in their fervice, and not otherwife, except as is herein-after otherwife provided.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That Ifth.edirectors

when and fo often as the laid court of direftors fhall negleft, for negk& to hll the fpace of two calendar months, to be computed from the day hfs	S>

whereon the notification of the vacancy of any office or employ- may fupply ment in Indiay in the appointment of the faid court of direftors, them.

fhall have been received by the faid court, to fupply fuch vacancy, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceftors, to conftitute and appoint, by writing under his or their royal fign manual (under the fame e	#	reftriftions

Dire&ors may appoint per-fons provi-iionally to fupply vacancies.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793*

reftriftions and regulations as are herein-before provided with refpeft to the nominations and appointments made by the faid court of direftors) fucli person to fupply fuch vacancy as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, (hall think proper; and that every person fo conftituted and appointed fliall have and be inverted with the fame powers, privileges, and authorities as if he or they had been nominated and appointed by the faid court of directors, and {hall be fubjeft to recall only by the King’s ma-jefty, his heirs or lucceffors; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That it fliall be lawful for the faid court of directors to appoint any person or persons provisionally to fucceed to any of the offices aforefaid, for Supplying any vacancy or vacancies therein, when the Same {hall happen by the death or resignation of the person or persons holding the fame office or offices refpeftively, or on his or their departure from India, or on any event or contingency exprefled in any fuch provisional appointment or appointments to the Same respectively, and Such appointments again to revoke, but that no perSon So appointed to Succeed provisionally to any of the Said offices {hall be entitled to any authority, Salary, or emolument, appertaining thereto, until he fliall be in the aftual pofleffion of Such office, any aft or ftatute to the contrary notwithrtanding.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no-

. -	thing in this aft contained fliall extend, or be conrtrued to ex-

reTdv^nade. ten(V t0 vaca^e or diftrub any appointments already lawfully made, whether provisionally or otherwise, to any of the Said offices, any thing herein contained to the contrary notvvith-ftanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That if any vacancy fliall happen in the office of governor general of Fort William, or of governor of Fort Saint George or Bombay refpeftively, when no provisional or other SuccelTor fliall be upon the Spot to Supply Such vacancy, then and in every Such cafe the counfellor of the presidency wherein Such vacancy fhall happen, next in rank to the faid governor general, or governor refpeftively, {hall hold and execute the faid office of governor general or governor, until a fucceflor fliall arrive, or until fome other person on the fpot fliall be duly appointed thereto ; and if the council board fliall happen during that interval to become reduced to one only member, be-Sides.the afting governor general or governor, then and in Such cafe the person fo afting as governor general or governor {hall be, and is hereby impowered to call to the council board fuch one of the fenior merchants of the faid company, at fuch presidency where the vacancy fliall occur, as he fliall think fit to he a temporary member of the faid board, and that the person fo called fhall accordingly Sit and aft as a member of the faid council, and fhall have the fame powers in all other refpefts as are eiven to persons appointed to the council board by the faid court of direftors, until the arrival of a fucceflor or other appointment made to the office pf governor general or governor refpeftively;

*	and

Aft not to vacate any appointments a ready made.

How vacancies are to be Supplied when no fucceflors are on the ipot, &c.

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertlo GeorgiiIII. c. 52.	J43

and that every fuch a&ing governor general, governor, and oc-cafional counfellor, {hall, during the time of their continuing to a& as fuch refpecfively, be entitled to receive the feveral emoluments and advantages appertaining to the laid offices by them refpedfivelv fupplied, fuch acting governor general and governor foregoing their falary and allowances of counfellor for the fame' period.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if at Next member the time of any vacancy happening in the office of governor ge- of council to

J	j	a l	o	w	ryi vYi o n n ^ v

neral, or of a governor of any of the faid prefidencies, no even- in cj,jgf to tual fucceflor appointed under the authority of this adl fhall be fucceed to the prefent upon the fpot, any commander in chief, although he fhall temporary be then a member of the council of the presidency where fuch government vacancy fhall occur, fhall not fucceed to the temporary govern- dency^unkfs ment of fuch prefidency, unlefs fuch commander in chief fhall the comman-have been provilionally appointed to fupply the fame, but that der in chief the vacancy fhall be fupplied by the counfellor next in rank at frail have been the council board to fuch commander in chief, any thing herein appointed. ^ contained to the contrary notwithffanding.

XXXI.	And be it further enadled, That if any vacancy fhall

happen of the office of a counfellor at either of the faid prefiden- wjlen no puc_

cies, when no person provisionally or otherwife appointed to fuc- cefforsare on

ceed thereto fhall be then refldent on the fpot, then and on every the fpot, to

fuch occafion fuch vacancy (hall be fupplied by and at the nomi- fl*Pplied

j	r jr j ^	tng	°-over-

nation or appointment of the governor general in council of Fort ny0Y jn c^nincij

William, or the governor in council of Fort Saint 'George or Bom* fromthefenior bay refpedlively, from amongft the fenior merchants in the faid merchants, company’s fervice in India; and that the person or persons fo nominated fhall execute the faid office, and fhall have the fame powers in all refpe&s as are given to persons appointed to the council board by the faid court of directors, until a fucceflor or fucceflor? fhall arrive, duly appointed by the faid court of directors, and fhall have and be entitled to the falary and other emoluments and advantages appertaining to the faid office or offices during his or their continuance therein refpedlively.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted, That when the office of The cam-

governor general, and the office of commander in chief of all the njander m o ^ o /	t	^	cmti wntn

forces in India, fhall not be veiled in the fame perfon, fuch com- not the-oyer-

mander in chief fhall and may, if fpecially authorifed for that pur- nor at the pofe by the faid court of directors, and not otherwife, be a mem- prefidency, ber of the tcouncil of Fort William; and that when the offices ^t^o^tvof of governor of Fort Saint George, and commander in chief of the the directors forces there, fhall be veiled in different perfons, or the offices of be the fecond governor of Bombay, and commander in chief of the forces in Bom- member of bay, fhall be vefled in different perfons, fuch refpedfive commanders the council* in chief fhall and may, if fpeciahy authorifed by the court of directors, 2nd not otherwife, be a member of council at the faid refpeclive prefidencies; and that when any commander in chief fhall be appointed a member of any of the faid councils, fuch commander fhall have rank and precedence at the council board next to the

gover- .

 

The com-" inander in chief in India, not being go-, vernor general, while re-lident at Fort Saint George or Bombay fhall be a member of council.

If any member fhall be incapable of attending, the governor of the prefidency may call to the council a provisional fucceffor, See.

HisMajeftyby fign manual, counteriigned by the prefi-dent ot the board,may remove any officer or fervant of the company in India.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Geokgii III. c. 52. [1793.

governor general, or governor of the fame prefidency; but no commander in chief fhall be entitled to any falary or emolument in refpebl of his being a member of any of the faid councils, un-lefs the fame fhall be fjpecially granted by the court of directors of the faid company.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That when the commander in chief of all the forces in India (not being likewife governor general) fhall happen to be refident at either of the prefidencies of Fort Saint George or Bombay, the Paid commander in chief fhall, from the time of his arrival, and during his continuance at fuch prefidency, be a member of the council of fuch prefidency, and during that period the provincial commander in chief of the forces of the fame prefidency, if he fhall be a member of the council thereof, fhall and may continue to fit and deliberate, but fhall not have any voice at the council board.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled, That if any of the members of the council of either of the faid prefidencies fhall by any infirmity or otherwife be rendered incapable of abling, or of attending to a cl as fuch, or if any of fuch members fhall be abfent from the prefidency, and the governor general, or either of the faid governors, fhall be defirous of having the advice of a full council upon any urgent bufinefs, the governor general, or fuch governors refpebfively, fhall by virtue of this abl have full power and authority to call any provifional fucceffor appointed, then on the fpot, or, there being none fuch on the fpot, then any fenior merchant on the fpot, to affift at the council board for that turn \ but that fuch provifional fuccefibr, or other perfon, fhall not be entitled to any falary or other emolument in refpebt thereof, nor fhall his abling as an occafional member of council, in manner aforefaid, deprive him of any office or emolument he before enjoyed.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by any writing or inftrument under his or their fign manual, coun-terfigned by the prefident of the board of commifiioners for the affairs of India, to remove or recall arly person or persons holding any office, employment, or commiffion, civil or military, under the faid united company in India for the time being, and to vacate and make Void all or every, or any appointment or appointments, commiffion or commifiions, of any person or per-l'ons to any fuch offices or employments; and that all and every the powers and authorities of the refpebtive persons fo removed, recalled, or whofe appointment or commiffion fhall be vacated, fhall ceafe or determine at or from fuch refpeblive time or times as in the faid writing or writings fhall be expreffed and fpecified in that behalf: provided always, that a duplicate or copy of every fuch writing or inffrument, under his Majefty’s fign manual, attefted by the faid prefident for the time being, fhall, within eight days after the fame fhall be figned by his Majefty* his heirs

or

 

1793O Anno regni tricesimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 52.	145

or fuccefibrs, be tranfmitted or delivered to the chairman or deputy chairman for the time being of the faid company, to the intent that the court of directors of the faid company may be apprized thereof.

XXXVi. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That A& not to

nothing in this act contained (hall extend, or be conflrued to ex- preclude the j	% 1	t	*	r	r i# directors itoiti

tend, to preclude or take away the power of tne court of direc- recajpng t^eir

tors of the faid company from removing or recalling any of the officers or officers or fervants of the faid company, but that the faid court fervants. fhall and may at all times have Rill liberty to remove, recall, or difmifs any of fuch officers or fervants, at their will and pleafure, in the like manner as if this aft had not been made, any govern nor general, governor, or commander in chief, appointed by his Majefry, his heirs or fucceffors, through the default of appointment by the faid court of directors, always excepted; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enabled, That the departure Departure

from India of any governor general, governor, member of coun- *rom *ndia •1	't	•	1 « r • »	•	^	,	ri	r	any governor

ciI, or commander in chief, with intent to return to Europe, general, Sec.

fliall be deemed in law a refignation and avoidance of his office with intent to or employment; and that the arrival in any part of Europe of any return to Eu-fuch governor general, governor, member of council, or com- ™S^e^ara mander in chief, fhall be a fufficient indication of fuch intent; Ration*Qf ~ and that no aft or declaration of any governor general, or gover- employment, nor, or member of council, during his continuance in the prefi-dency whereof he was fo governor general, governor, or coun-	at	^ie

fellor, except by fome deed or inftrument in writing, under hand ^fig-nation of and feal, delivered to the fecretary for the publick department a governor of the fame preRdency, in order to its being recorded, fhall be general, Sec. deemed or held as a refignation or furrender of his faid office ; and that the falary and other allowances of any fuch governor Vgre^ -m general, or other officers reflectively, fhall ceafe from the day of ting to the Rich his departure, refignation, or furrender ; and that if any fecretary. fuch governor general, or any other officer whatever in the fer- ^Su]pti0n vice of the laid company, fhall quit or leave the prefidcncy or fettlement to which he fhall belong, other than in the known aclual fer vice of the faid company, the falary and allowances appertaining to his office fhall not be paid of payable during his ablence to any agent or other person for his ufe, and in the event of his not returning back to his Ration at fuch preRdency or fettlement, cr of his coming; to Europe, his falary and allowances fhall be deemed to have, ceafed from the day of his quitting fuch preRdency or fettlement, any law or ufage to the contrary not-with {landing.

XXXVILL And be it further enacted, That the governor Councils, in general and counfellors of Fort William, and the feveral-gover-nors and counfellors of Fort Saint George and Bombay, fhall at matterg pro-their refpeftive council boards proceed in the RrR place to the poled by the confideration of fuch matters or queftions as fhall be propofed by governor, who the governor general, or by the governors of the faid prefidencies poftpone

O 4	O	J	J	O	^	*	ar)y JY]

refpeftively *, and as often as any matter or quefeion fliall be pro- prop0Rd by V0L1 XXXIX,	L	pounded	counfellors.

the governor and council, and iigned by the fecretary.

146 Anno regni triceOmo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

pounded by any of the faid counfcllors, it (hall be competent to the faid governor genera! or governor refpebtively, to poftpone or adjourn the difcuflion thereof to a future day; provided that no luch adjournment fhall exceed forty-eight hours, nor fhall the matter or queftion fo propofed be adjourned more than twice without the confent of the counfellor who propofed the fame, proceedings XXXIX. And be it further enadted, That all orders and to^e^ride ot^er Proceedings of the governor general and council of Fort y William fhall be expreffed to be made by the governor general in council ; and that all orders and other proceedings of the governors and council of Fort Saint George and Bombay refpeCtively fhall be expreffed to be made by the governor in council, and not other wife ; and that the feveral orders and proceedings of all the faid prelidencies fhall, previous to their being publifhed or put in execution, be figned by the chief fecretary to the council of the prefidency, by the authority of the governor general in council, or governor in council, as the cafe may be.

Governor ge- XL. And be it further enadted, That the governor general in ciT^t For?Un" counc^ at F°rt Wiliam {hall have and be inverted, by virtue of William im- this* adt, with full power and authority to fuperintend, controul powered to and direCt the feveral governments and prefidencies of Fort Saint iu perm tend George and Bombay, and all other governments eredted or to be Bd^encief ^rC" ere'^:ec^ by	ftdd	united company, within the limits of their

faid exclufive trade, in all fuch points as {hall relate to any negotiations or tranfadtions with the country powers or ftates, or levying war or making peace, or the collection or application of the revenues of-the faid acquifitions and territories in India, or to the forces employed at any of fuch prefidencies or governments, or to the civil or military government of the faid prefidencies, acquifitions, or territories, or any of them.

XLI. And in order to prevent the embarrajfment and difficulty which may other wife arife from any doubt whether the orders or in-ftructions of the governor general in council of Fort William relate The other to other points than thofe aforefaicL, be it further enadted, That prefidencies to notwithftanding any doubt which may be entertained by the faid ders of the" prefidencies or governments to whom fuch orders or inftrudfcions governor ge- {hall be given refpedting the power of the governor general in neral in coun- council to give fuch orders^ yet the faid prefidencies or govern-cU ?.t F°vt_ merits fhall be bound to obey fuch orders and directions of the not re mm riant	gdvernor general in council, in all cafes whatever, except

to inftructions only where they fhall have received pofitive orders and inftruc-fromEngland, tions from the faid court of directors, or from the fecret committee of directors, by the .authority of the faid board of,com-miffioners for the affairs of India, repugnant to the orders and inftrudiions of the faid governor general in council, and not known to the faid governor general and council at the time of difpatching their orders and inftrudiions as aforefaid; and the faid governor general in council fhall, at the time of tranfmitting all fuch orders and inftructions, tranfmit therewith the dates of and

Governor general to fend dates, &c. of cli {patches from England, the

times of receiving the laff difpatches, orders, and inftructions.

on points con- which they have received from the court of diredtprs, or from tained in in-	'	the

 

T793*3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.'	147'

the faid fecret committee by the direction of the faid board of flni&ions to

commiffioners, on any of the points contained therein ; and the Pudencies, r . , r ,	.	J	r	1 r 1	„	r	£ec. who mall

laid prelidencieS, governments, and lettiements, in all cafes tranfmit to

where they have received any orders from the faid court of di~ him copies of

rediors, or from the faid fecret committee by the direction of the any orders

board of commiflioners as aforefaid, which they fhall deem re-

pugnant to the orders of the faid governor general in council of thereto.

Fort William, and which were not known to the faid governor

general and council at the time of difpatching their orders and

inftrudlions as aforefaid, fhall forthwith tranfmit copies of the

fame, together with an account of all inftr unions or orders made

by them in confequence thereof, to the governor general in

council of Fort William, who fhall, after the receipt of the fame,

difpatch fuch further orders and inftrudfions to the faid prefiden-

cies, and governments or fettlements, as the faid governor gene--

ral in council may judge neceffary thereupon.

XLII. And forafmucb as to purfue fchemes of conquejl and exten-fion of dominion in India are meafures repugnant to the iviflo, the honour, and policy of this nation : be it further enadted, That it War not tci fhall not be lawful for the governor general in council of Fori be declared, William aforefaid, without the exprefs command and authority of vernor general the faid court of directors, or of the faid fecret committee by the jn council at authority of the faid board of commiflioners for the affairs Fort William of India, in any cafe (except where hoftilities have actually been commenced, or preparations actually made for the com- thedii*edors mencement of hoflilities, againft the Britifh nation in India, &c. except or againft fome of the princes or ftates dependant thereon, or preparations whofe territories the faid united company fhall be at fuch time	,

engaged by any fubfifting treaty to defend or guarantee) either to ^ e declare war or commence hoftilities, or enter into any treaty for making war againft any of the country princes or ftates in India, or any treaty for guaranteeing the poffeflions of any country princes or ftates ; and that in any fuch cafe it fhall not be lawful for the faid governor general and council to declare war or to commence hoftilities, or to enter into any treaty for making war againft any other prince or ftate, than fuch as fhall be actually committing hoftilities, or making preparations as aforefaid, or to make fuch treaty for guaranteeing the poffeflions of any prince or ftate, but upon the conftderation of fuch prince or ftate actually engaging to aftift the company againft fuch hoftilities com-hnenced, or preparations made as aforefaid; and in all cafes where Commumca-; hoftilities fhall be commenced, or treaty made, the faid governor tion of corn-general and council fhall, by the moft expeditious means they can devife, communicate the fame unto the faid court of direftors, or to maje to to the faid fecret committee, together with a full ftate of the the directors, information and intelligence upon which they fhall have com- &c* menced fuch hoftilities, or made fuch treaties, and their motives and reafons for the fame at large.

XLIII. And be it further enabled. That it fhall not be lawful Governments for the governors and counfellors of Fort Saint George and Bom- Fort St* bay, or of any other fubordinate fettle meat, to make or iffue any Bombay ^not

L 2	order to declare war.



^40	Anno regni tricefmio tertio GfiORGll III. c. 52. [1793,

^c:but ty	order for commencing; hoftilities, or levying; war, or to negociate

orders from ^	i »	, F c	}	•	J	^	5 . ,	t r

Fort William or concluae any treaty of peace, or other treaty, with any Indian

or the direc- prince or (late (except in cafes of fudden emergency or imminent tors, &c.	danger, when it fhall appear dangerous to poftpone fuch hoftili- .

ties or treaty), unlefs in purfuance of exprefs orders from the faid governor general in council of Fort JVilliam aforefaid, or from the faid court of directors, or from the faid fecret committee by the authority of the faid board of commiiTioners for the affairs of India ; and every fuch treaty fhall, if poflible, contain a claufe for fubjefting the fame to the ratification or rejection of the governor general in council of Fort William aforefaid: and the faid governors and counfellors, and other officers of the faid prefid-encies of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or other fettle-ments refpedtively, are hereby required to pay and yield obedience to all fuch orders as they fhall from time to time refpedtively receive from the faid governor general in council of Fort William Penalty on aforefaid, concerning the matters aforefaid , and that all and fin-govevnors, gular the faid governors, counfellors, and other officers, who GeorveTnd^*	rcfufe	or	wilfully neglect or forbear to pay obedience to

Bombay for fuch orders and inftruefions as they fhall receive from the faid neglect of or- governor general in council of Fort William as aforefaid, fhall be dersfrom^ liable to be removed, difmiffed, or fufpended from the exercife of Foit \V illiam. t}lejr refpeciive offices or powers by order of the faid governor general in council of Fort William, and be fent to England, and be fubjedt to fuch further pains and penalties as are or fhall be provided by Jaw in that behalf.

Prefidencies XLIV. And be it further enadted, That the governors and ot Fort St. counfellors of the faid prefidencies of Fort Saint George and Bom-

,George, &c.	refpe£tively for the time beintr, and the governors and coun-

to-end to Fort r 1	\ - c cr	bdz	c	, i 1

William co- leilors, or other chief officer or officers of and belonging to any

pieB of all their other Britijh fettlcment in India, fhall and they are hereby refpec-orders, <5cc. tively required, conftantly and diligently to tranfmit to the faid governor general in council at Fort William aforefaid, true and exact copies of all orders, resolutions, and acts in council of their refpedtive governments, prefidencies, and councils, and alfo advice and intelligence of all tranfadtions and matters which fhall come to their knowledge, material to’ be communicated to the governor general in council of Fort William aforefaid, or which the faid governor general in council fhall from time to time require.

XLV". And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the governor general of Fort William aforefaid for the time being to ifiue his warrant under his hand and feal, directed to fuch peace officers and other persons as he fhall think fit, for

Governor general of Fort William may if!lie warrants for fecuring

fufpeded per- fecuring and detaining in cuftody any person or persons fufpefled f°113*	of	carrying	on,	mediately	or immediately, any illicit correfpon-

dence dangerous to the peace or fafety of any. of the Britifb fettle ments or pofieffions in India, with any of the princes, rajahs,, or zemindars, or any other person or persons having authority in India, or with the commanders, governors, or presidents of any factories efiablifhed in the Eajl Indies^ by any European power,

or

Hosted by



1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52;	149

or any correfpondence contrary to the rules and orders of the faid company, or of the governor general in council of Fort William aforefaid; and if, upon examination taken upon oath in Proceedings writing of any credible witnefs or witnefies before the governor ^kerc^i^fon general in council of Fort William aforefaid, there (hall appear ahle gro\m(jS^ reafonable grounds for the charge, the faid governor general fhall for the charge be and is hereby authorifed and impowered to commit fuch person fhall appear or persons fo fuifpecfed or accufed to fafe cuftody, and fhall within aSain^ *ach a reafonable time, not exceeding five days, caufe to be delivered to him or them a copy of the charge or accufation on which he or they fhall have been committed, and that the party or parties accufed fhall be permitted to deliver in his or their defence in writing, together with a lift of fuch witnefies as he or they fhall defire to be examined in fupport thereof, and that fuch witnefies, and alfo the witnefs or witnefies in fupport of the charge, fhall be examined and crofs-examined on oath, in the prefence of the party accufed, and their depositions and examinations taken down in writing; and if, notwithftanding fuch defence, there fhall appear to the faid governor general in council reafonable grounds for the charge cr accufation, and for continuing the confinement, the party or parties accufed fhall remain in cuftody until he or they fhall be brought to trial in India, or fent to England for that purpofe ; and that all fuch examinations and proceedings, or at-tefted copies thereof, under the feal of the fupreme court of judicature at Fort William, or of one of the mayor’s courts, fhall be tranfmitted to the faid court of diredtors by the firfl: difpatches, in order to their being produced in evidence on the trial of the parties in the event of their being fent for trial to Great Britain ; . and in cafe fuch person or persons is or are intended to be lent to England, the faid governor general fhall and he is hereby required to caufe fuch person or persons to be fent to England by the firfl: convenient opportunity, unlefs fuch person or persons fhall be difabled by iilnefs from undertaking the voyage, in which cafe he or .they fhall be fent as foon as his or their ft ate of health will fafely admit thereof; and that the examinations and proceedings fo tranfmitted as aforefaid fhall be admitted and received as evidence in all courts of law, fubjedt to any juR exceptions to the competency of the faid witnefies.

XLVI. And be it further enadied, That the feveral governors or Governors of governors in council of Fort Saint George and Bombay fhall have the Fort St. like powers, under and fubjedt to the fame regulations and refiric-tions, to feeure and detain persons fufpedted of any fuch illicit have the like correfpondence as aforefaid, within their refpedtive preiidencies powers with and fettlements, and of fending them to England for trial, as are refpedt to fuf-hereby given to the faid governor general or governor general in	Perf°ns

council of Fort William refpedlivel v.	nor ^eneraV

XLVII. And vjhereas fo will tend greatly to the Jlrength and fecurity of the Britifh pojfejjions in India, and give energy, vigour, and difpatch to the mcafures and proceedings of the executive government within the rcfpefiive prefidencies, if the governor general of Fort William in Bengal, and the feveral governors of Fort Saint

L 3	George

 

15°	Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 52. [1793.

George	and Bombay,	werevefted a difcretionary power of

ailing without the concurrence of their refpediive councils, or for-bearing to adl according to their opinions, in cafes of high importance, #7a/ effentially affedling the publick interejl and welfare, thereby fub-jediing themfelves perjonally to anfwer to their country for fo atiing. Governor ge- or forbearing to act: be it ena&ed, That when and fo often as iieral, or go- any meafure or queftion fhall be propofed or agitated in the orde^hieT^ ^L1Preme council at Fort William in Bengal, or in either of the lures propofed counc^s °f Port Saint George and Bombay, whereby the interefts in council, of the faid united company, or the fafety or tranquillity of the about which Britijh poffeffions in India, or any part thereof, are, or may, in the judgement of the governor genera], or of the faid governors members^ to* reADe(^:‘ve^y? effentially concerned or affected, and the faid be adopted or governor general or fuch governors reflectively {hall be of opini-fufpended,&c. on that it will be expedient either that the meafures fo propofed or agitated ought to be adopted or carried into execution, or that the fame ought to be fufpended or wholly rejected, and the feveral other members of fuch council then prefent fhall differ in and diffent from fuch opinion, the faid governor general or fuch governor, and the other members of the council, fhall, and they are hereby dire£ted forthwith mutually to exchange with and communicate in council to each other, in writing under their refpective hands (to be recorded at large on their fecret confutations) the refpe&ive grounds and reafons of their refpedive opinions ; and if, after confidering the fame, the faid governor genera], or fuch governor refpedlively, and the other members of the faid council, {hall feverally retain their opinions, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor general in the fupreme council of Fort William9 or either of the faid governors in their refpective councils, to make and declare any order (to be figned and lubfcribed by the faid governor general, or by the governor making the fame) for fufpending or reje£ting the meafure or queftion fo propofed or agitated, in part or in the whole, or to make and declare fuch order and refolution for adopting and carrying the meafure fo propofed or agitated into execution, as the faid governor general, or fuch governors in their refpedtive councils, fhall think fit and expedient; which faid laft-mentioned order and refolution, fo made and declared, fhall be figned as well by the faid governor general, or the governor fo making and declaring the fame, as by all the other members of the council then prelent, and fhall by force and virtue of this adt be as effedtual and valid, to all intents and purpofes, as if all the faid other members had advifed the fame, or concurred therein ; and the faid members of council, and all officers civil and military, and all other persons concerned, fhall be and they are hereby commanded, authorifed and enjoined to be obedient thereto, and to be aiding and affifting in their refpedtive flations in the carrying the fame into execution.

Governor ge- XLV1II. And be it further enaded, That the governor gene-makin^any ”ra^ or govenior> who declare and command any fu&fr order order without or refolution to be made and recorded without the affent or concurrence

Hosted by G( [e

I793tl Anno regni tricesimo tertio Ge.orgii III. c. 52.'	151

currence of any of the other members of council, /hall alone be the conftnt of held refponfible for the fame, and the confequences thereof.	c°uncil,

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no- th/fame; °T thing in this aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to ex- but not to tend, to give power to the faid governor general of Fort William make any or-in Bengal, or to either of the faid governors of Fort Saint George ^ouWnot have and Bombay refpeftively, to make or carry into execution any kecn macje order or refolution which could not have been lawfully made and with the con-executed with the concurrence of the councils of the refpeftive lent o! the governments or prefidencies, any thing herein contained to thecounCl-contrary notwithftanding.

L. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted and declared,

That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be confirmed No person t$ to extend, to give any difcretionary power of afting, or forbear- without ing to aft, without the concurrence of the other members c^rence°ofthe council, unto any person on whom the faid office of governor gene- council, on ral, or the faid office of governor refpeftively, (hall happen to whom the devolve by the death or refignation of any governor general, or office °f go-governor for the time being refpeftively, or unto any deputy go- o^eovenior vernor general, unlefs fuch person fhall have been provifionally fhall devolve appointed to fucceed to fuch refpeftive office by the faid court of by death, un-direftors, or unlefs and until fuch person fhall have been or fhall lels provision-be confirmed in the faid office, and that in the mean time all or- ^ appoint-ders, refolutions, and other afts and things in fuch prefidcncy, ? fhall be determined by the voice of the major part in number of the governor general and counfellors, or governor and counfel-lors prefent at the making or doing thereof, fuch governor general or governor having on any equality of voices a caff ing vote, and not otherwife, or in any other manner, any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That nothing Governor ge-herein contained fhall be conftrued to give power or authority to neral, &c. not the governor general of Fort William in Bengal, or either of the t0 carr7 into governors of Fort Saint George and Bombay refpeftively, to order againft^ make or carry into execution any order or refolution againft the opinion of the opinion or concurrence of the counfellors of their re- the council in fpeftive governments, in any matter which fhall come under certain sales, the confideration of the faid governor general, and governors in council refpeftively, in their judicial capacity ; or to make, repeal, or fufpend any general rule, order, or regulation for the good order and civil government of the faid united company's fettlements ; or to impofe, of his own authority, any tax or duty within the faid refpeftive governments or prefidencies.

LII. And be it further enafted, That when the governor ge- The powers neral of Fort William in Bengalior the time being fhall find it of the gover-expedient to vilit the prefidency of Fort Saint George, or the ”°r ^ either prefidency of Bombay, or any province or place in Lidia, the-°re^e°c^g powers and authorities of the governor or other chief officer or vefted in the officers of fuch prefidency, province, or place, fhall from the governor ge-time of the proclamation of the arrival of the faid governor ge- n5ra* ciunng neral therein be fufpended, (except with regard to judicial pro- p;4ftvlJncy ^

L 4	ceedings).

 

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52, [1793.

ceedings), and (ball fo continue to be fufpended,; until other proclamation be made to the contrary by the order of the faid governor general, or otherwife until the faid governor general fhall depart therefrom, and no longer; and that during that interval the powers and authorities of the faid governor, or other chief officer, fhall be vePced in the faid governor general, with liberty neverthelefs for fuch governor to fit and aCt as a member of the council of fuch prefidency, and that the faid governor general in council, at either of the faid prefidencies of Fort Saint George 2nd Bombay, fhall be invefled with the powers and authorities of the governor in council of the fame prefidency or fettle-ment refpeCtively, and alfo with the fame ample powers and authorities as can or may be exereifed by the governor general in council at Fort William by force and virtue of this a Cl.

Governor ge- LTII. And be it further enacted, That when and fo often as neralto nomi- t]le fajcj governor general (hall on any occafion be abient from president of his ovvn government of Bengal, fuels one of the members of the Fort William council thereof as the faid governor general fhall nominate for to att during that purpofe fhall be ftyled and ad as vice prefident and deputy hisabfence; governor of Fort William, and that the government of the faid prefidency fhall be exereifed by fuch vice prefident or deputy, and the other members or member of the faid council, in like manner, and no further or otherwife than as the government of the faid prefidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay may be exereifed by the governors in council there, fubject neverthelefs to the reftriCHons in this act: contained, but while	L1V.	And	be	it	further	enacted, That if the faid governor ge-

abient, may neral, during his abfence from his ovvn government of Bengal\

ilTll.i0ld2'1 fhall judge it neceffary to iffiue anv orders or directions to any to the officers , J p.	J	'	. . 7	J

aucl l'ervants °r tne laid governments or prelidencies in India, or to any or tne

of the other officers or fervants of-the faid company acting under the au-prdidencies, thority of any of the laid prefidencies, without previoufiy com-*'vC‘	municating fuch orders or i nil ructions to the faid refpedtive go-

vernments, under the authority of which fuch officers or fervants fhall be acting, it fhall and may be lawful for him to iffue the fame, and that the faid refpedtive governments or prefidencies, and alio fuch officers and fervants fhall, and they are hereby feverally and refpeCtively authorifed and required to obey the fame, and fuch orders and inftruCHons fhall be of the fame force as if the fame had been made by the faid governor general in council at Fort William, but not of any greater or other force or validity; and that if fuch orders or directions fhall be made by the faid governor general of his own foie authority, or without the concurrence of the other members of council of either of the faid prefidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay refpectively, in that cafe the faid governor general fhall be alone held refponfibie for the fame, in the like manner as for any orders or resolutions by him made in .council at Fort Wiliam? of his own foie authority, without the concurrence of the other members ot the fame council, according to the directions and true intent and meaning of this adt: provided alaways, that fuch governor general fhall and he is here-

Hosted by GoOgIC

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	153

by required to tranfmit by the firft opportunity, to the governors and councils of the refpedtive prefidencies to which the officers or fervants to whom any fuch orders or inftrudtions (hall be fo lent to be executed fhall belong, copies of fuch order and inftruiftions re-fpedtively, with his reafons or inducements for iffiuing the fame,,and alfo to tranfmit to the court of directors of the faid company, by'the firft opportunity that fhall or may occur, a copy of all orders arid inftrudtions by him fo fent to any of the faid governments, prefidencies, officers, or fervants respectively, together with his rca-fons and inducements for fending or iffuing the fame.

LV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaCfed, That it fhall and Directors, may be lawful for the court of directors of the faid company, with the with the approbation of the board of commiffioners for the affairs the^board of India, to fufpend all or any of the powers hereby given to the may fufp4Lnd> governor general of Fort William to aCt upon his own foie autho- the powers of rity, at and for fuch time or times as they may judge expedient the governor or neceffary, and that the fame fhall be fufpended accordingly, from the time of the arrival of their orders for that purpofe in owr^autho-5 India; and alio for the faid court of directors, with fuch appro- rity. bation as aforefaid, to revive the faid powers, when and as they fhall think fit; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-with (landing.

LVI. And) for ejlablijhing a jvjl principle of promotion amongf the covenanted jervants of the faid united company in India, on their civil ejiablijhment, and preventing all undue fupercejfions, be it further Civil fervants enacfted, That all the civil fervants of the faid united company in to have

* India, under the rank or degree of members of council, fhall have Piecedency *	o	'	j	according to

and be intitled to precedence in the fervice of the faid company, ^lejr appoint.

at their refpe&ive ftations, according to their feniority of ap- merits, See. pointment; and no fuch civil fervant or fervants fhall be capable of being advanced or promoted to any higher ftation, rank, or degree therein, than he or they fhall be refpedtively entitled to according to the length of his or their fervice refpedtively; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVII. And be it further enabled, That all vacancies hap- Regulations pening in any of the offices, places, or employments in the civil f°r filling: up line of the company’s fervice in India (being under the degree of t^e c|viipne# counfellor) fhall be from time to time filled up and fupplied from amongft the civil fervants of the faid company, belonging to the presidency wherein fuch vacancies fhall refpedtiyely happen, fub-jefi only to the reftridtions in this a£t contained, and no other-wife (that is to fay) that in the filling up and Supplying fuch vacancies, no office, place, or employment, the falary, perquifites, and emoluments whereof fhall exceed five hundred pounds per an-num, fhall be conferred upon or granted to any of the faid fervants who fhajl not have been actually refident in India as a covenanted fervant of the laid company for the fpace of three years at the leaft in the whole, antecedent to fuch vacancy; and if the falary, perquifites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, fhall exceed one thoufand five hundred pounds perjannum, the fame fnall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the laid fervants who fhall not have been actually refident in India

Hosted by

in tne

faid

Gc ^Ie

154 Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeorGii III. c. 52. [ 1793-

faid fervice for the fpace of fix years at the leaft in the whole, antecedent to fuch vacancy; and if the falary, perquifites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, (hall exceed three thoufand pounds per annum, the fame fhall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the faid fervants who {hall not have been actually refident in India in the faid company’s fervice for the fpace of nine years at the leaft in the whole; and if the falary, perquifites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, {hall exceed four thoufand pounds per annum, the fame fliall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the faid fervants who fhall not have been actually refident in India in the company’s fervice for the fpace of twelve years at the leaft in the whole, antecedent to fuch vacancy; and that all appointments, advancements, and promotions, which (hall be made for fupplying any fuch vacancies, other than as aforefaid, (hall be null and void, h^dtwoof- LVI1I. And be it further enadted, That no person (hall for the fices, the fala- future be capable of taking, in the civil line of the company’s ries of which fervice, two or more offices, places, or employments, the joint amont to	amount of the falaries, perquifites, and emoluments of which

preferibed ^ exceed in the whole the annual falary, perquifites, and emolu-fum.	ments	refpecbvely	herein-before in that behalf preferibed ; any law

or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. to^endmi?0 LIX. And be it further enabled, That it (hall not be lawful more persons for the court of diredtors of the faid company to appoint or fend than necefiary out to India a greater number of perfons, in the capacity of ca-t° fupply the cJets Cr writers, or in any other capacity, than will be necefiary, comnemen. *n acj(jit*l0n to thofe already in India, to fupply the proper complement of officers and fervants contained in the faid lifts of their eftablifhments, according to fuch returns of vacancies as the re-fpedfive governments in India fliall tranfmit from thence to the faid court of directors.

LX. And be it further enabled, That no person fhall be capable of abting, or being appointed or fent to India, in the capacity of writer or cadet whofe age fliall be under fifteen years, or fliall exceed twenty-two years, nor until the person pro-pofed, or intended to be fo appointed, fhall have delivered to the faid court of direbtors a certificate of his age, under the hand of the minifter of the parifh in which he was baptized, or keeper of the regiftry of baptifm of fuch parifh; and if no fuch regiftry can be found, an affidavit of that circum-ftance fliall be made by the party himfelf, with his information and belief that his age is not under fifteen years, and doth not exceed twenty-two years: provided neverthelefs, that the faid re-flribtion fliall not extend to prevent the faid court of directors from appointing any person to be a cadet who fliall have been for the fpace of one year at leaft a commiflioned officer in his Ma-jefty’s fervice, or in the militia or fencible men when embodied, and have been called into adhual fervice, or from the company of cadets in the royal regiment of artillery, and whofe age fhalll not exceed twenty-five years.

LXI. And, for preventing the ahufes which have formerly prevailed in the collection and receipt of the revenues of the faid territories

a	\	and

H osted by Cj O	lC

1A V-HI V. 11C

of the efta-blifhment.

Writers and cadets to be of certain ages, &c.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimoiertio GeoRGII III. c. 52- ‘	*35

acquifitions in India, be it farther enafted, That every person Britifh-borri (being a Britijh-born fubjeft) who is or fhall be appointed or au-	ap-^

thorifed to colleft, manage, controul, or receive the rents, duties, £eivc rents> or revenues of and belonging, and due and payable to the faid &c. to take company in India, (hall, before he enters upon the colleftion and an oath, receipt thereof, take and fubfcribe the following oath, which oath the chief juftice, or one of the puifne judges of the fupreme court of judicature at Bengal\ or the mayor or other magiftrate in any of the other prefidencies or fettlements, or fuch other person as fhall be deputed or authorifed by any order in council of any of the faid prefidencies in that behalf, fhall and is hereby authorifed and commanded to adminifter; and fuch oath fo adminiftered fhall be recorded in the fupreme court of Calcutta, or in one of the faid provincial or mayor’s courts; (that is to fay):

/A. B. do promife and fwear, That I will, to the utmojl of my The oath* endeavours, well and faithfully execute and difcharge the duties of an officer of revenue, repofed in and committed to me by the united company of merchants tf/'England trading to the Eaft Indies ; and that I will not demand, take, or accept, direCtly or indirectly*) by myfelf or by any other person for my ufe, or on my behalf of or from any raj ah,zemin-dar, talookdar, polygar, farmer, renter or ryot, or from any per font paying or liable to pay any tribute, rent, or tax, to or for the ufe of the faid united company, any fu?n of money or other valuable thing by way of gift, prefent, or otherwife, over and above, or befides and except the abiual tribute, rent or tax authorifed to be taken by and for the ufe of the faid united company; and that I will juftly and truly account for, anfwer, and pay, all the rents, duties, and other revenues and. fums of money which fhall cGme to> my hands, or to the hands of any person or person in trufl for or employed by me, as a?i officer of the revenues of the faid company, unto the faid united company.

So help me GOD*

LXIL And be it further enabled. That the demanding or re- Receiving

ceiving any fum of money, or other valuable thing, as a gift or gifts to be

prefent, or under cojour thereof, whether it be for the ufe of the

party receiving the fame, or for, or pretended to be for the ufe

pf the faid company, or of any other person whatfoever, by any

Britifo fubjedf, holding or excercifing any office or employment

under his Majefty, or the faid united company, in the Eaf Indies,

fhall be deemed and taken to be extortion and a mifdemeanor at

law, and fhall be proceeded againft and punifhed as fuch, under

and by virtue of this aft, and the offender fhall alfo forfeit to the

King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the whole gift or prefent

fo received, or the full value thereof.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the The court

court or jurifdiftion before whom any fuch offence fhall be njay order

tried fhall have full power and authority to direft the faid prefent gi2s to,ke .

•r	1	,	reft ored, and

or gift, or any part thereof, to be reitored to the party who gave fines to be

the fame, or to prder the whole, or any part thereof, or of any given the pro-

fine vyhich the court fhall fet on the offender, to be paid or given fecutor.

to

 

156

Counfellors at law, &c. may take fees in their pro-ftflions.

Negledt to execute the orders of the diredlors, &c. to be deemed a mifde-meanov;

as alfo any corrupt bargain for giving up or obtaining any employment.

Anno regni tricefrno tertio GeorOii III. c. 52. [1793.

to the profecutor or informer, as fuch court in its difcretion fhall think lit.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enadled, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to prohibit or prevent any person exercifing the profeffion of counfellor at law, phyfieian, or furgeon, or any chaplain, from accepting, taking, or receiving fees, gratuities, or rewards (bonafide) in the way of his profeffion only.

LXV. And be it further enabled, That the wilful difobeying, or the wilfully omitting, forbearing, or negledling to execute the orders or inftrudlions of the court of diredlors of the laid company, by any governor general, governor, prefident, counfellor, or commander in chief, or by any othe-r of the officers or fervants of the faid united company in the Eajl Indies (unlefs in cafes of neceffity, the burthen of the proof of which neceffity fhall lie on the party fo difobeying, or omitting or forbearing to execute fuch orders and inftrudfions as aforefaid), and every wilful breach of the truft and duty of any office or employment, by any fuch governor general, governor, prefident, counfellor, or commander in chief, or by any of the officers or fervants of the faid united company in the Eajl Indies fhall be deemed and taken to be a mifde-meanor at law, and fhall or may be proceeded againfl: and punifhed as fuch by virtue of this ach

LX VI. And be it further enadled, That the making or enter-

His Majefty’s fubjects amenable to courts of juft ice in India and Great Britain for offences in the territories of nativ e princes.

No actiou to be ftayed wit bout the

approbation cl the 1;0 u\l.

ing into, or being a party to any corrupt bargain or contradf, for the giving up, or for obtaining, or in any other manner touching or concerning the trull: and duty of any office or employment under the crown, or the faid united company, in the Eajl Indies, by any Britifi) lubjecl whomsoever there refident, (hall be deemed and taken to be a mifdemeanor at law, and fhall be proceeded againfl: and profecuted as fuch by virtue of this act.

LXVII. And be it further enadled, That all his MajcAy’s fub-jedfs, as well fervants of the faid united company as others, fhall be and are hereby declared to be amenable to all courts of juftice, both in Lula and Great Britain, of competent jurifdicticn to try offences committed in India, for all adts, injuries, wrongs, oppref-fions, trcfpafles, mifdemeanors, offences, and crimes whatever, by them or any of them done or to be done or committed in any of the lands or territories of any native prince or flate, or againfl: their persons or properties, or the persons or properties of any of their fubjedls or people, in the fame manner as if the fame had been done or committed within the territories directly fubjedt to and under the Britijh government in India.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted. That it fhall not be lawful for the faid united company, or for any of their officers cr fervants, or for the court of diredtors of the faid company, to dif-continue, flay, or compound, or fettle or agree any actions or fuits at law or equity, now depending or hereafter to be commenced, before a final decree or judgement iff all be obtained or given therein, unlefs by and with the approbation of the board or tommiffioiiers for the affairs of India, for that purpofe, in writ-

Hosted by



1793O Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgti III. c. 52.	157

ing, firft had and obtained ; and that all compofitions and agreements made for any of the purpofes aforefaid, by the cojiirt of dire ftors of the faid company, with the approbation of the faid board, fhall be valid and effectual in that behalf, any thing herein or in any other adl or acts contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

LXIX. And be it farther enacted. That after fentence or Company not

judgement of any court having competent jurildidlion, whether re*e**f ^n"

<	>:	-r,	.	•	7	.	T	,,	r	J	t	tences or re-

in Great Britain or in India, agamic any governor general, gover- ftore ^rvantg

nor, prefident, counfellor, or commander in chief, or againft any of difmiiled by the faid united company’s fervants, civil or military, for any debts fentences. or penalty due or belonging to the faid united company, or for any extortion or other mifdemeanor, it (hall not be lawful for the faid united company, in any cafe whatever, to releafe or compound fuch fentence or judgement, or to reftore any fervant or fervants of the faid company who (hall have been removed or difmiffed from his or their office or employment for or on account of mi (behaviour, by the fentence of any of the faid courts.

LXX. And be it further enadled, That no person who (hall No perfon, have held any civil or military ftation whatever in India, in the under the de-

/	J	^	Ox	2L

fervice of the faid united company, being under the rank or de- member of

gree of a member of council, or commander in chief of the councilor

forces, and who, having departed from India by leave of the go- commander in

vernor general in council, or governor in council, (hall not re-	^10

o 4	^	>	o	'	liiall not re-

turn to India within the fpace of five years next after fuch de- turn to jn(jja

parture, (hall be entitled to any rank or reftoration of office, or within 5 years be capable of again ferving in India, either in the European or from his leave native corps of troops, or in the civil line of the company’s fer- entiTled^to^ vice, unlefs in the cafe of any civil fervant of the company, it rank ex_ (hall be proved to the fatisfacfion of the court of dire^ors, that Cept as herein fuch abfence was occafioned by ficknefs or infirmity, or unlefs provided, fuch person be permitted to return with his rank to India by a vote or refolution palled by way of ballot, by three parts in four of the proprietors affembled- in general court, fpecially convened for that purpofe, whereof eight days previous notice of the time and purpofe of fuch meeting fhall be given in The London Ga-zette, or unlefs, in the cafe of any military officer, it (hall be proved to the fatisfadlion of the faid court of diredlors, and the board of commiffioners for the affairs of India, that fuch abfence was occafioned by ficknefs or infirmity, or fome inevitable accident.

LXXL And Jpe it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, The company That the faid united company of merchants of England trading to enjoy ex-to the Eajl Indies, and their fucceffors, fhall have, ufe, and en-joy, and (hall continue to have, ufe, and enjoy the whole, foie, mits mention-and exclufive trade and traffick, and the only liberty, ufe, and ed in an adtof privilege of trading, trafficking, and exercifing the trade or bu- 9 Gul. 3. and finefs of merchandize in, to, and from the Eaft Indies^ and in, charter of^ to, and from all the ifiands, ports, havens, coafts, cities,Towns, „e^ *^?I° u* and places between the Cape of Good Hope and Streights of Magellan, and limits ia an adt made in the ninth year of the reign

of

 

15S Anno regni tricesimo teftio Georgii III. c* 52. [1793*

of King William the Third, or in a certain charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of the fame King mentioned, in as ample and beneficial manner as the faid company could thereby or otherwife lawfully trade thereto, fubjeft neverthelefs to the feveral limitations, conditions, and regulations in this aft contained, and alfo fubjeft to the provifo herein-after contained . for determining the fame ; any former aft or afts, matter or thing, to the contrary notwithftanding. as alfo all pro- LXXII. And be it further enafted, That the faid company fits,&c. grant- £h.all at all times hereafter (fubjeft as aforefaid) have, hold, and other adS or enj°y5 an^ ent*^e(l unt0 aU and fingular the profits, benefits, charters, freed advantages, privileges, franchifes, abilities, capacities, powers, from condi- authorities, rights, remedies, methods of fuits, penalties, for-tions of re- feitures, difabilities, provifions, matters, and things whatever,, emp ion, c. whjcfi by any former or afts of parliament, or by any charter or charters founded thereupon, or by any claitfe or claufes in the faid afts or charters contained, are enafted, given, granted, provided, limited, eftablifhed, or declared to, for, touching, or concerning the faid company, or body politick and corporate, either by the name of The general fociety entitled to the advantages given by an a£l of parliament for advancing a fum not exceeding tvjo miU lions for the fervice of the crown ^England, or the faid body politick and corporate called by the name of The Englifh Company trading to, the Eaft Indies, or th^faid body politick and corporate called by the name of The United-Company of Mercha?its of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and-hot by this aft, or any other aft now in force, repealed or altered, according to the tenor and true meaning of the faid afts and charters, and of this aft, freed and difeharged from all provifoes and conditions of redemption and determination in any former aft or afts contained ; and the fame, ancl every of them, are and is hereby ratified and confirm^ ed, and fliall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be praftifed and put in execution, by the faid company and their fuccefiors, for the better and more effeftually fettling and fecuring to them and their fucceflors the whole, foie, and e&clufive trade to the Eaft Indies and parts aforefaid, and for the preventing trade thereto, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and for fecuring alfo their pofleffions, eftate, and effefts, and governing their affairs and bufinefs in all refpefts, as fully and effectually as if the fame profits, benefits, advantages, trade, privileges, franchifes, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, remedies, methods of fuits, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, provifions, matters, and things, were feverallyrepeated and at large re-enafted in the body of this aft; fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch reftriftions, covenants, and agreements, as are contained in the faid afts or charters now in force, and not herein or hereby repealed, varied, or altered, and fubjeft alfo to the feveral en-* aftmentS, conditions, limitations, and provifoes in this aft contained.

Ontheexpira- LXXIIL Provided always, and be it farther enafted, That tionof 3 years at any time, upon three years notice to be given by parliament,

after

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgh III. c. 52I	159

after the firfi day of March, which will be in the year of our notice by par-Lord one thoufand eight hundred and eleven, upon the expiration of the faid three years, and upon payment made to the faid com- Marchi,i8n* pany of any fum or fums, which, under the provifions of any adt and payment of this prefent feflion of parliament, (hall or may, upon the ex- of what may-pi ration of the faid three years, become payable to the faid com- t^e Mublickto pany by the publick, according to the true intent and meaning the company, of fuch adt, then and from thenceforth, and not before or fooner, their exclufive the faid right, title, and intereft of the faid company to the trade to ceafe; whole, foie, and exclufive trade to the Eaji Indies, and parts aforefaid, fhall ceafe and determine.

LXXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That no- but their earthing in the faid provifo Iafb herein-before contained, or in any to^detef01" provifo in the faid act of the ninth year of King William the m*n^

Third, or in the faid charter of the fifth day of September, in the * tenth year of his reign, or in any other adt or charter contained, fhall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to determine the corporation of the faid united company, or to hinder, prevent, or preclude the faid company, or their fuccefiors, from carrying on at all times, after fuch determination of the right to the lole, whole, and exclufive trade as aforefaid, a free trade, in, to, and from the Eajl Indies, arid parts aforefaid, with all or any part of their joint flock in trade, goods, merchandizes, eftate, and effedts, in common with other the fubjects of his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefiors, trading to, in, or from the faid parts or limits.

LXXV. And be it further enadted, That any notice in writ- Notice by the ing, fignified by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the fpeaker of the time being, by order of the faid houfe, fhall be deemed and ad- Mons to be™" judged a due and proper notice by parliament, to and for all the deemed a due ends, intents, and purpofes, for which any notice is by this act notice by par-diredted to be given to the faid company.	liament.

LXXVT Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if In cafe of cef-any cefiionof territory fhall be obtained from the Chinefe govern- fion from the ment, and a new fettlement fhall be made by the faid company ^nrnenf°of upon fuch territory, diftindt and feparate from the continent of territory fepa-China, and wholly free from any jurifdidlion or authority of the rate from the Chinefe government, in that cafe, and fo long as the fame fhall continent, any fo remain to the faid company, it fhall and maybe lawful for fub^^s^ma^3 any of his Majefty’s fubjects, under fuch regulations and reflric- expert Britilh tions as fhralkbe approved by the board of commifiioners for the orlrifhmanu-affairs of hidid, to export Britijh and Irijh manufadtures in the fadtures in fhips of the faid company, at a moderate rate of freight, the fame being configned to the faid company’s lupra cargoes, or	^ *

fuch other persons as the faid company, with the approbation of the faid board of commifiioners, fhall licenfe to refide at fuch fettlement for that purpofe only ; and provided that all and every Reftridtions of fuch persons fo licenfed fhall be prohibited from having any on persons to connedtion or intercourfe With the continent of China, and from Manufadtures carrying on any other trade or concern whatever, fave and ex- are configued. cept the fale of Britijl? and Irijh manufadlures before mentioned, and from all interference with the affairs of the faid company;

and

Hosted by



Ships in the font hern whale fiihery

tions.

160	Anno	regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 52. [1793.

and that all fuch persons (hall enter into the like covenants with the faid company as other free , merchants by them licenfed, or fuch-other covenants as Thall be reafonably required by the faid court of directors in that behalf, and alfo into a fpecial engagement, if the fame {hall be required, for paying the net proceeds of the Tales of fuch manufactures into the treafury of the faid company at fuch new fettlement, for bills of exchange payable by the faid company in Great Britain, to be drawn at the actual rate of exchange at the time; and that no person whatever (hail be permitted to refide in any place or places fo ceded, or to trade or communicate with any port or place in China, who is not a fervant of the faid company, or who is not licenfed by them to ad as aforefaid.

LXXVIf. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That during the continuance of the faid whole, foie, and exclufive trade, un(?er a^Geo-. hibjedt as aforefaid, it {hall and maybe lawful for any (hip or

3.	c. 50. and vefiel which {hall be employed in carrying on the fouthern whale 28 Geo, 3. c. fifhery, under and by virtue of an ad, made in the twenty-fixth ‘2°t* the Pacific Jr?ar °* ^'IS prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the encourage-Ocean by C mcnt Gf ^ fout^ern zv/':a?e fifl/£Th an(^ a cettain other ad, made Horn, under in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty, for amending certain reftric- the faid ad made in the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, to fail or pafs into the Pacific Ocean by Cape Horn, to the northward of the equator, provided that fuch {hips fhall not proceed further weft than one hundred and eighty degrees of longitude from London, and provided that the faid {hips fhall not proceed without fuch licence, and fhall be under and fubjed to all fuch regulations, reftridions, penalties, and provifions, as are mentioned in the faid refpedive ads.

LXXVI1I. And, for the further encouragement of trade to the north-veeft coaft of America and the ifilands adjacent, under the limitations contained in the convention made by his Majefily with the King of Spain, of the twenty-eighth day of Gdober one ihoifiiud fieven Oct. 28, 1790. hundred and ninety, it may he expedient that finps fitted out for thefie parts Jhould in certain cafes he permitted by licence from the jaid company to proceed from the faid coaft and ifilands dir eft. to the ifiles of Japan and the con ft s of Korea and Canton, there to dijpofie of their cargoes obtained on the faid north-weft coafi of America, and to return from thence dir eft to the fame north-weft coaft or ifilands adjacent, ami there difpofe of their returns in trade, the owners and commanders of finch j,hips entering into finch covenants with, and giving fuch fee why to the faid company, and fiuhmiilhig to be bound by Jueh rules and regulations as Jkall appear to be befit adapted for prefif rving to the faid company the exereije and benefits ofi' their commercial privileges, and conduce to the prefiervation of good order and regularity of the filoips companies, and their obfiervance ofi the lavas preferibed by the native ftates, during the continuance ofifuch /kips on the )aid coaft s of Japan, Korea, and in the river c?/7 Canton afibre-Diredors^to ^ f{1id: be it therefore further enaded, That the court of diredors board for the' ^ie fa id company fhall, and they are hereby required, forth-affairsofinuij, with after the palling of this ad, to frame and lay before the

board

Convention between his Majefty and the King of Spain, dated

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 52. i6x

board of commiffioners for the affairs of/W/tf, fuch rules and regulations for regulations as they fhall think beft adapted for the purpofes afore- ^the^°Ut fa id, and alfo the forms of fuch deeds of covenant or other fecu- n0rth-weft rities as the faid court of directors fhall judge to be prope'r or coaftof Ame-neceffary to be entered into or give/i for the due obfervance fica, Ax. thereof by the owners and commanders of fhips to be licenfed as aforefaid, and that the faid board fhall thereupon proceed to re-vife the fame, and to give fuch orders and inffrucSHons to the faid directors in relation thereto as they fhall think fit and expedient; and that the faid owners and commanders conforming themfelves to the terms and conditions which fhall be fo prefcribed, fhall have and be intitled to fuch licence or licences, and the faid court of direftors are hereby required to grant the fame accordingly, unlefs on any reprefentation made by the faid diredlors to the faid board of commiffioners, containing any fpecific objections againfl the granting of any fuch licence, the faid board fhall order the fame to be withheld, in which cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid directors to withhold or refufe the fame.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That Such fegula* the faid rules and regulations to be fo made for the purpofes hons not to aforefaid, or any deeds of covenant or other fecurities to be re- powe/in f^ quired to be entered into or given for the obfervance thereof, pefcargoes, fhall not extend to veft in any council of fupercargoes or other See. than they officers of the faid company a greater power over any fhips, or haveoverlhips the comtnanders, officers, or companies of the fame, in the t^f^rvice^of eaflern feas or on the coafts of Japan, Korea, and China, which the company, they fhall be permitted to vifit according to the tenor of fuch licences, than fuch as can, fhall or may lawfully be exercifed by the faid council of fupercargoes or other officers of the faid company, in or over the fhips employed by or in the fervice of the faid company, and the commanders, officers, and men belonging thereto.

LX XX. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That the Dtfpofalof' felling or difpofing of any goods or merchandize at any other £0<^bcence** place or places than fhall be mentioned and fpecified in any fuch TJr breach licence, or any wilful breach or non-obfervance of any of the regulations, to faid rules or regulations, fhall be held as a mifdemeanor at law, be deemed a . and fhall and may be punilhed as fuch, and that the parties of- ^hetemeanor* fending therein fhall be deemed to have traded and trafficked unlawfully within the limits of the company's exclufive trade, and fhall incur and fufFer the penalties and forfeitures by this impofed for illicitly trading or trafficking within the faid limits, and fhall over and befides pay to the faid company fuch pecuniary penalties as fuch offenders fhall have incurred or forfeited by any wilful breach or non-obfervance of the ftipulations contained in and by the faid deeds of covenants or fecurities entered into or given to the laid company by force and in virtue of this a<3r.

LXXXI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaefed. That dur- Any of his ing the continuance of the faid exclufive trade in the faid com- Majefty’s ftffi-pany, fubjeft as aforefaid, it fhall and maybe lawful for any his Majefty’s fubje&s rehdent in-Great Britain, or in any other London to the Vql. XXXIX.	M	part

d by GoOglC

company s fhips, any goods, &c. except as by

162	Anno	regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. r1793-

ports ufed by part cf his Majefty’s Europ can dominions, to export,'on their or%iT^Tthe own ProPer an^ account, in the {hips of the {aid company, civil fervants, or hi {hips freighted by them from the port of London, to any of or licenfed the ports or places ufually vifited by the fhips of the faid com-perfons in In- pany, on the feveral coafts of Malabar zmd Coromandel, or in the film to^o^-11" bay BenKal *n t^ie Baft Indies, or the ifland of Sumatra, any don, in the goods, wares, or merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the faid dominions, fave and except as is hereinafter otherwife fpecially provided ; and that in like manner it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majefty’s fubje&s thiTad other- in, the ci,vil fervice of the faid company in India, or being by wife provided, leave or licence of the faid company, or under their protection, as merchants refident in India, refpectively, to confign and put on board the {hips of the faid company, or in fhips freighted by them, bound to Great Britain, any goods, wares, or merchandize, fave and except alfo as is by this a61 otherwife fpecially provided, in order to the fame being imported, on the rifk and account of the owners thereof, at the port of London, under the regulations herein after fpecified and contained.

LXXXIF. Provided alfo, and be it further enacfed. That during the faid further term in the faid exclufive trade it {hall not be lawful for any person or perfons, fave only the faid company, or port or import fuch as {hall obtain their fpecial leave and licence in writing for ' '	that purpcfe, to export, {hip, or carry out from Great Britain

to the Eaft Indies, or other parts within the limits of the faid exclufive trade, any military ftores, ammunition, mails, fpars, cordage, anchors, pitch, tar, or copper ; nor to Ihip, carry, or put on board any of the faid company’s {hips in the Eajl Indiesy or other parts of the faid limits, bound to London, or otherwife to bring or import into Great Britain any India callicoes, dimities, muilins, or other piece goods, made or manufadtured with filk or cotton, or with filk and cotton mixed, or with other mixed materials y any thing in this a6t contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXIII. And whereas the foie and exclufive right in the ex-port trade from Great Britain to the Eaft Indies, and other parts, within the limits of the faid company0s charter, in the aforefaid articles of ?najlsy fparsy cordage, anchors, pitch and tary is by this ad refcrved to and continued in the faid company, with intent that the faid company may not only furnijh a fujficient quantity of thofe articles for corfumption at their fortsy garriJonsy ports and dock yards there, but alfo to fend to India the faid feveral articles, and keep the markets fupplied therewith, as far as may appear to be confident with publick fecurityy at moderate prices: and whereas it is fit and proper that the Britifti and Irifti manufacturers of the faid feveral articles foould have every further reafonable fatisfaCtiGn given to them., that the faid exclufive privilege fhall not operate to their injury or prejudice through the failure or default of the faid company in carrying on their export trade in the faid articles to as large an extent as prudence and policy will admits be it therefore further enacted, That the court of directors of the faid company {hall.

None but the company, or by their licence^ to ex-

certam articles.

ill

 

1^93*1 Anno regni trfceflrtio tertio Georgii III* c. 52.	163

in the month of February in every year, lay before the faid board *n February of commilTioners for the affairs of India, an exacl invoice of the #orsto'e quantities and forts of cordage, pitch and tar, and the number before the and fizes of mafts and fpars, and the number and weight of an- board an m-Ohors feverally, exported by the faid comp\ny in the preceding voice of the year; and (hall alfo, when * required fo to do by’the faid board, ^ported lay before the faid board a fimilar invoice or account of the quantities, numbers, fizes and weights, as far as the cafe will admit, of all the articles before enumerated, which fhall be intended to be exported by the faid company in the enfuing feafon; and that Board to ex-upon any reprefentatiori made to the faid board by any Britijh or amine ayy re* Irijh manufacturers of any failure or default in the faid company, made^the8 of their exporting any of the faid articles to a. fufficient or rea- infufficiency (enable extent in quantity and value, as well for the proper con- offucharticles fumption of the forces of the faid company in India, and at their e*Portec* bY ports, garrifons, and fettlements there, as for meeting the de- and may^adnut mands of the India markets for the faid articles refpedfively, the individuals to faid board may and fhall examine into the grounds of fuch repre- export them fentations, and the allegations contained therein; and may and ,n thecom- ^ (ball, according to the circumftances of the cafe, at their dif- s n^s * cretion, make fuch orders and regulations for admitting individuals to export to India, in the {hips of the faid company, or employed in their fervice, at the like rate of freight as (hall be then payable for other goods exported thither in private trade, all or any forts of the articles herein-before enumerated, as the faid board fhall from time to time judge fitting and proper, under and fubjedb to fuch reftridtions and limitations as fhall be exprefled in their faid orders and regulations concerning the fame; and further, if the faid board fhall fee it requifite, it fhall and may en* be lawful for the faid board to enlarge the quantity of tonnage ^~ by this act directed to be provided for other private trade, to an private^rade1* extent not exceeding the quantity which fhall appear to the faid tor that pur- ■ board to be neceffiry for the carriage of the faid articles, fo per- pofe. rnitted to be exported by individuals, and which faid additional tonnage fhall be fpecifically fet apart and referved for that pur-pofe only; and that the faid company fhall, and they are hereby required to provide fuch additional quantity of (hipping or tonnage accordingly; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary inotwithffanding.

LXXXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enadded, That if If the comr the faid company fhall not, on or before thirty-nrft day of Auguft PanI ^u^.ot next after the palling of this act, and alfo on or before the thirty- annVjlfy pur-firfi: day of Augujl in every fubfequent year during the continu- chafe 1500 ance of their faid exclufive trade, contract for and purchafe, on tons of copper their own account, fifteen hundred tons of Britijh ■ copper, for exPorta-the purpofe of exportation to Pome port or place within the limits prictortTof * of their faid exclufive trade, it fhall or may be lawful to and for copper may the proprietors or holders of Britijh copper refiding in Great Bri- export that tain, in every fuch year refpeclively, to export that quantity, in fhips to be provided by the faid company, to any ports or places	com-^*

they think proper in the Eafl Indies, at the fame rates of freight, party’s foips.

M 2,	and

164 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georcii III. c. 52. [1793*.

and fubjedl to the fame regulations as to the amount of fuch freight per ton as are herein exprefled with refpedt to the freight of other fpecies of Britljh manufailures and produce on private account; and that if the faid company (hall not purchafe or contract for fo much as fifteen hundred tons of Britijh copper in any one year as aforefaid, it fhall or may be lawful for the proprietors or holders of Britijh copper to export in fhips to be provided by the faid company, fuch quantity or quantities as, together with the quantities purchafed by the faid company, fhall amount to full fifteen hundred tons, to be exported annually as aforefaid to the ports or places, and under and fubjecSt to the fame regulations as to the amount of freight per ton in {hips to be provided by the faid company as is herein expreffed on the exportation of any other Britijh produce on private account; and that the faid proprietors or holders of BritiJJ) copper exporting the fame in manner aforefaid, fhall be at liberty to obtain their returns in the like commodities of India, in the fame manner and in the fame proportions as herein provided for the other proprietors of Britijh manufactures or produce exported to India on their own account Ferfons hi- by virtue of this act : provided alfo, that in cafe the faid corn-tending to ex- pany fhall not on or before the thirty—firft day of Anguji in any one year, have bought or contracted for the full quantity of fifteen hundred tons of Britijh copper for the purpofes aforefaid, that then all persons intending to export either the whole or part of the find fifteen hundred tons remaining unfold to the faid company, fhall fignify the fame by a notice in writing to the chief fecretary of the faid company, between the thirty-firft day of Auguft and the.fourteenth day of October in every fuch year, pro-vided that the faid tonnage for the copper to be fo fent out to of the private India in any of the cafes aforefaid, fhall not be confidered as part trade allow- of the tonnage allowed by this act for the private trade.

LXXXV. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That if a fufficient quantity of fuch callicocs, dimities, muflins, or other piece goods of the defcription aforefaid, fhall not to imported, by the faid company, and the persons by them licenfed to import the fame, for keeping the market fupplied therewith, at reafon-

port copper, to give notice to the company’s fecretary.

Tonnage for fuch copper •not to be deemed part

ance.

If the company do not import a fufficient quantity of calli-

board may admit individuals to import them in

a^le Pr^ces5 to anlwer the confumption in Great Britain, as far as any of the faid forts of goods may lawfully be worn or ufed therein, and likewife for exportation, it fhall and may be lawful for the board of commifiioners for the affairs of India to make > th.ecompany’s fuch regulations for admitting individuals to import in the faid * *	company’s fhips, or {hips employed by them, into Great Britain,

all or any of the forts of goods heiein-before fpecified, under fuch conditions, reflections, and limitations, as the faid board fhall from time to time direct; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXV I. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this act contained fhall extend to permit any person to export or import in private trade any goods or merchandize contrary to the provifions of any a<t or acts of parliament mow in force, and not by this a<t exprelhy repealed, nor to vary, alter.

Aft not to permit any person to export or import any goods contrary to

or

 

1795-3 Antforegni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c, 52.	165

or affedt any a6t or a£ts now in force for prohibiting the con- law, nor to fumption, wearing, or ufe of any foreign manufacture within ^rbifion ofthe this kingdom ; but that all and lingular the faid acts, and the ufe of any, provifions and regulations therein contained refpectively, fhall reign manu* remain and continue of the fame force and effect* to all intents fa&ure. and purpofes, as if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

LXXXVIL And inasmuch as the enfuring to private merchants and manufacturers the certain and ample means of exporting their 'merchandize to the Eat Indies, and importing the returns for the fame, and other goods, vjares, and merchandizes allowed by this affy at reafonable rates of freight, may ejpntially conduce fo the advancement of the trade and navigation of theje kingdoms; be it further enacted, That the faid company fhall, in the proper Tafon of Company to every year, provide and appropriate three thoufand tons of fhip- n^e^fo/hfeh ping at the leafl for the fpecifick purpofes of carrying to the Eaff articles as may Indies fuch goods, wares, and merchandize as may be lawfully be exported exported thither by individuals, and for bringing back from pr imported thence as well the returns of the fame as likewife the goods Gf byindlvlclua 8* other persons entitled to import the fame into this kingdom by virtue of this a61; and if the faid quantity of tonnage fhall be found infufficient, or fhall be found to be more than fhall be fufficient for the carriage of the faid private trade, export or import, the faid company fhall from time to time land and provide fuch an additional quantity of tonnage, or leffen the quantity of tonnage to be provided for the carriage of the faid private trade, as the board of commiffioners for the affairs of India fhall, upon any reprefentation made to them from time to time, order and dire£L

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enadled, That in Directors may cafe the court of directors of the faid company fhall be of opi-nion that the additional quantity of tonnage for the carriage of think the ton-the private trade which fhall at any time hereafter be ordered and nage ordered directed by the faid board of commiffioners for the affairs of India, by the board is greater than ought to have been directed or ordered, it fhall be lawful for the faid court of diredtors to apply by petition to jarge# his Majefty in council touching the fame, and his Majefty in council fhall finally determine thereupon.

LXXXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further ena6ted, That the faid company fhall be entitled to charge and recover, from the owners of goods imported or exported in private trade, fuch rates of freight for the carriage thereof as are herein-after fpeci-fied, and not any higher rate or rates, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding ; (that is to fay), For the carriage of Rate of freight any goods from Great Britain to any port or place in the Eajl for the car-Indies in time of peace, after the rate of five pounds per ton, and paSe.of good# for the carriage of any goods from any part of the Eajl Indies to trade.

Great Britain, after the rate of fifteen pounds per ton, computing fuch tonnage in the fame manner as the tonnage of goods ihipped by the faid companv on their own account •, and that in times of war, or preparations for war, between Great Britain

M 3	and

166	Ar.no	regni	tricesimotertioGEORGH III. c. 52. [1793.

and any other European power or ftate, or when any circum-fiances incidental to war, or preparations for war, (hall happen, whereby an increafe in the rates of freight payable by the faid comany fhall become unavoidable, then or as long as fuch war, or preparations, or other circumflances lhall continue, the faid company fhall be entitled to charge and recover, for the carriage of the faid private trade, additional rates of freight, after a due proportion to the additional rates of tonnage which fhall be paid by the faid company for the hire of fhips for their own trade> and at or after no higher rate or proportion.

Intention of XC. And be it further enabled, That when any circumflance advancing the fhall arife which, according to the true intent and meaning of cn^Hvate1^ a<^’ ^a'd ent^e t^ie faid company to make any advance in trade to he the faid rates of freight on private trade, the court of directors communicat- of the faid company fhall, before they fhall be entitled to encreafe ecitotheboard the fame, communicate in writing to the board of commilfioners aP“ for the affairs of India their intentions fo to do, with their rea-° fons for the fame, and the extent of the increafe by them pro-pofed, with fuch other information or obfervations relating thereto as fhall to them appear material to be known by the faid board ; and that no increafe fhall be made in the faid rates but fuch as fhall be approved by the faid board • and that any increafe fo made fhall be fubjedt and liable to be reduced or difcontinued, as circumflances may admit or require, and as the faid board fhall, from time to time, in that behalf diredl.

Fvery 3 years,	XCI. And be it further enadled, That in the month of Augujl

the directors one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and fo afterwards ^vhether any in mont:^	Augujl in every third year, during the continu-

? bate ment can ance-of the further term hereby granted to the faid company in foe made in the their faid trade, the court of direhlors of the faid company fhall rates of freight tak-e into their confideration ho w far and to what extent the then tmde*and to .general flate and condition of the affairs of (hipping may call for, communicate or will reafonably admit of any abatement in the rates of freight their obferva- then paid or payable on private trade, and to certify in writing tions to the	fUch fafts and obfervations as may occur in refpecfc thereto, unto

cI 9	the board of commillioners for the affairs of India, together with

their opinion whether the faid rates will fairly admit of any reduction or abatement, and to what extent, and whether for the ' whole or for any and what part of the term of three years then next following, with their reafons for the fame • and that the faid board fhall take the report of the faid directors into their confideration, and either approve the alterations propofed by the laid directors, or make fuch other order therein as to the faid board fhall appear juft and expedient; and that the order of the faid board in refpedt thereto ihali be valid and conclufive on the faid company.

Perfcns in- XC1J. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all

tending to ex- perfcns intending to export any goods from Great Britain to the

port gooes £aa ]tuii£S	fignify the fame bv a notice in writing to the

irum Great	r	o	j	j	o

Britain to give C^hcf fecretary of the faid company before the lap day of Augujl

notice to the in each year, for the fhips' of the enfuing feafon, and that even y

fuch

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	16j-

fuch notice {hall fpecify the name of the port or place of defli- company’s fe-nation of fuch goods, and the quantity of tonnage required for the fame, and the period when the goods will be ready to t>e tVeigiit, &c. laden or put on board ; and that every person giving any fuch notice fhall, on or before the fifteenth day of Septe?nbcr next en-fuing the delivery thereof, depofit in the treafury of the faid company the money chargeable for the freight upon the quantity of tonnage thereby required or therein fpecified, unlefs the court of directors of the faid company fhall think fit to accept any fecurity for the payment thereof*, and that every fuch person fhall alfo, before the thirtieth day of October following, deliver to the faid fecretary a lift of the forts of goods intended to be exported, and the quantities of each of fuch forts reflectively; and that in default thereof, or failure in providing the goods to be fliipped within the time fpecified in the notice for that purpofe, the depofit made, or fecurity taken for the faid freight, fhall be forfeited to the faid company.

XC1II. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That all persons intending to export any goods from any port or place in exporttbem the Ecijl Indies to Great Britain, fhall fignify the fame by notice fr0m India to in writing to the chief fecretary of the prefidency in India wherein give notice to the fame are to be fhipped, or to fuch person as fhall be fpecially authorifed to receive the fame by the refpedive governments Uency, &c.~ abroad, within a reafonable and convenient time, to be limited by the faid refpeclwe governments for that purpofe, in which notice fhall be fpecified the forts and quantities of goods intended to be fhipped, the quantity of tonnage required, and the period when the goods will be ready to be put on board; and that every person giving fuch notice fhall make a depofit at the treafury of fuch prefidency or lettlement refpedlively of the whole amount of the freight upon the quantity of tonnage fpecified in the faid notice, or otherwife give fuch refonable fecurity for the payment thereof in Great Britain, and the due performance of his engagements in that behalf, as the faid refpedfive governments fhall require- and if any of the persons giving fuch notice fhall not provide his or their goods to be fhipped within the time or times therein fpecified for that purpofe, their depofits made, or fecuri-ties given for the freight, fhall be forfeited to the faid company.

XCIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That if any Vacant ton-vacant tonnage fhall remain, not engaged by individuals, either in Great Britain or the Eaji Indies, after the times limited for giv- the^ods-of 1 ing fuch notices refpectiveiy, the laid tonnage, together with any the company, other vacant tonnage occafioned by the failure or default of any person or persons in the delivery of their goods within the period fpecified in their notices for that purpofe, fhall and may be occupied by the goods of the faid company, without any allowance to the per-■foils making fuch default in refpecl thereof; and that if the whole jf tonnage quantity of tonnage required for private trade in any year, either in required for Great Britain orthe haft Indiesy fhall exceed the whole quantity to be provided for private trade, according to the true intent and t‘jle meaning of this ail, in fuch year refpeclively, in that cafe the provided, the

M 4.	whole	whole fhall

o

 

i68 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii til. c. 52. [1793.

be propor- ^ whole of the tonnage provided (hall be impartially diftributed buted ^ amongft the parties requiring the fame, in proportion to the quantities fpecified in their refpeftive notices; and that on every fuch occafion the faid distribution {hall be made with all convenient difpatch, and the quantity of tonnage appertaining to each of the persons entitled thereto fhall be notified to them reflectively by the faid fecretary or other proper officer in writing, fe-ven clear days at the leaft antecedent to the day appointed for making the depofit, or giving fecurity for the faid freight, in the manner before directed.

Civil fervants XCV. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be °an^eorl?"	f°r any persons refiding in India, in the civil fervice of the

cenfed^erfons faid company, or by their leave or licence, not being reftrifted by in India, may their covenants with the faid company, or otherwife fpecially pro-ruft as con- hibited by them or their governments in India from fo doing, and fi^nees, &c,	bej[ng in any judicial or military capacity, to aft as commer-

cial agents, managers, or confignees, on the behalf of fuch persons as (hall think fit to employ them, as well in the difpofal of any export goods, not hereby prohibited from being exported by individuals, as in providing fuch other kinds of goods as may by law be imported by individuals into Great Britain on their private account, without incurring any penalty or forfeiture in refpeft thereof3 any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftand-

ing.

Directors to XCVI. And be it further enabled, That if upon any repre-cient number ^entat^on raa(fa to the court of directors of the faid company, by of free mer- or on the behalf of any private traders, of the want of a fuffici-chants to dif- ent number of persons in the Eajt Indies, duly authorifed and pofe ofprivate properly qualified to aft for them in the difpofal of their,cargoes, trade.	#nd pUrchafe and inveffments of goods in return for the fame,

the faid court fhall fail to licenfe a further number of persons to refide in India in the charafter of free merchants, to the l'atisfac-tion of the faid private traders, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid traders to reprefent the lame to the board of commilfioners for the affairs of India, and that the faid court of directors fhall thereupon licenfe a proper and fufficient number of persons to refide at their fettlements in the Eajt Indies, in the charafter of free merchants, with the approbation of the faid board.

^fv^e traders XCVII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enabled and declared, fiibjed to the" That the officers and fervants of the faid company, and all other authority of Britijb fubjedls, during their refidence in India, notwithstanding the company, their being employed to aft as agents, faftors, or managers for private traders, fhall continue amenable and fubjeft to the powers and authorities of the faid company and their governments in India, in the like manner as if they had not fo acted, or had not been fo employed ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ko persons to XCVIII. And be it further enabled, That during all fuch thanVo^mdes t*l,YJe as	company fhall be entitled to the faid exclufive

from a prin- trade, fubjeft as aforefaid, it fnall not be lawful for any Britijb cipa) fettle- fubjeft or fubjedls in the fervice of the faid company, or licenfed

by

 

1793-] Anno regni triceflmo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	169

by them to go to or to live or continue in India, to refide in any ment, without other place there than in one of the principal fettlements of the ^v^nork&c faid company, or within ten miles of fuch principal fettlement, ° without the {pedal licence of the faid company, or of the governor general, or governors of fuch principal fettlement, in writing, for that purpofe firft had and obtained; nor fliall any fuch Britifh fubjed or fubjeds go to or continue beyond the limits aforefaid for any longer fpace of time, or at any other time or times refpedively, than (hall be fpecified in his or their licence or order of leave in that behalf, on pain of being difmiffed the fer-vice of the faid company, and forfeiting to the faid company fuch wages, falaries, and allowances as fliall be due by the faid company to the person or persons io offending, and of his or their licence or licences to continue or refide in India.

XCIX. And whereas, hy virtue of the faid aft made in the ninth A61 9 Gul. j. year of King William the Third, the faid company is entitled to re- recited. ceive a duty of five pounds for every hundred pounds of the true and real value of all goods, wares, and merchandises of the growth, produft, or manufacture tf the Eaft Indies, or other parts within the limits of their faid exclufive trade, imported or brought into this kingdom in private trade, towards defraying certain charges in the faid aft mentioned and fpecified: and whereas the faid company have, over and befides the faid duty of five pounds per centum, been ac-cuftomed to charge and retain, for their own ufe, after the rate of two pounds per centum on the grofs fale amount of all goods, wares, and merchandises imported into this kingdom from the Eaft Indies in private trade, in -recompence and fatisfaftion for the charges and expenses of unjhipping and felling the fame, and otherwife in the care and management thereof: and whereas, for the encourage?nent of the faid private trade, it is deemed expedient that the faid duty of five pounds per centum fhould be repealed, and the faid charge of two pounds per centum difcontinued: and that the faid company Jhould be entitled to receive, in lieu thereof refpeftively, to recompenfe them from the faid charges on private trade, after the rate of three pounds for every hundred pounds on the true and real value or grofs fale amount of all goods imported fro?n the Eaft Indies in private trade, including the duties and charges payable in refpeft thereof: be it further enaded, That, from and after the firft day of March one From March thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, the faid duty of five 1, 1794, in pounds per centum granted by the laid ad fliall be repealed, and *ieu °* duty the faid charge of two pounds per centum difcontinued, and that in lieu thereof refpedively there fliall be rendered and paid to the charge of al. faid company, during their further term by this ad granted in per cent, on the faid exclufive trade, a duty or allowance after the rate of private trade, three pounds per centum on the grofs fale amount of all goods, percent wares, and merchandizes imported or brought into this kingdom granted; from the Eaft Indies in private trade, including in fuch value or amount all duties and charges payable in refped thereof, the fame to be paid by the owners thereof, or otherwife to be retained by fine laid company out of the proceeds of fuch goods, in fitiftadion and difcharge of the c:< peaces to be incurred by the

faid

 

17° Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGix III. c. 52. [1793.

faid company in the unfhipping, voyage, cartage, warehoufe room, forting, lotting, and felling the faid goods, or in any other manner concerning the fame, over and above the freight becoming due for the carriage thereof by virtue of this a£t; and that no other charge, beyond the faid allowance of three pounds per* centum by this a£l granted, {hall be made by the faid company in refpedf of the expences attending the faid private trade, the freight for the carriage thereof only and always excepted, but not to ex- C. Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That the faid tend to im- repeal (hall not extend to releafe the payment of the faid duty of CWna ^rto ^ve Poun<^s Per centum or the faid charge of two poundscen-afleA Engage- turn on any goods, wares, or merchandize which {hall be brought ments of the home and imported in any of the {hips of the faid company, or company with jn their fervice from China, nor to affe6f any covenants or en-fheir captains, gagements now fubfifting or hereafter to be made, by or between the faid company, or on their behalf, with the matters and commanders of the company’s {hips, or with any other of the officers or fervants of the faid company, in whatever employment or capacity they may happen to be, but that all and every fuch covenants and engagements fhall be, and be held, deemed, and taken to be of the fame force and effedf, to every intent and purpofe, as if this ad had not been made, the faid repeal, or any other matter or thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CL And whereas, for encouraging individuals to engage in the import trade of the feveral forts of raiv materials herein-after fpe-cified, and alfo for fecuring to manufacturers the means of furnijhing themfelves therewith at the faid fales, it is expedient that proper rules ancl regulations Jhould he made for providing for Jpeedy and frequent fales of fuch materials, and in moderate lots; and for preventings as far as may be, any undue preference being given in refpeCl either of the mode or times of the making file of any of the faid com-modifies, as betzveen the company and individuals, or as between one Dire&ors to individual and another; be it enaded, That it {hall and may be form rules for lawful for the court of diredors of the faid company, and they are hereby required forthwith, after the paffin'g of this ad, to frame fuch rules and regulations for the future fales of all raw fiIk, fugar, cotton yarn, cotton wool, and other wool, fkins, dying woods and drugs, and other articles of raw material, imported either in private trade or on the faid company’s own account, as in their judgement fhall appear beft adapted for the feveral purpofes aforefaid, and to lay the fame before the board of commiffioners for the affairs of India, for their revifal and approbation ; and that the rules and regulations which fhall be fo framed and approved {ball be deemed and confidered of the fame force as a bye law of the faid company, fubjedt neverthelefs to fuch future revifion and alteration by the faid court of directors, with the approbation of the faid board, as circumftances may from time to time be found to require in that behalf.

Goodsimport- CII. Provided always, and be it further enactted, That all ed in private manner of goods imported in private trade, as well raw materials trade to be others, {hall be fecured in the company’s warehoufes, and fold

openly

fales of raw illk, &c. and lay the fame before the board for revifal, &c.

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. lyt

openly and publickly by inch of candle, or by way of publick Secured in the

auftion. and in no other manner, under the order and authority co^Pany s ■ - ,	7	r t- <"»	rir*i	1	v warenoufeSt

of the court of directors 01 the laid company, on the account ot and publickly

the proper owners thereof; and that when any of fuch goods fold, &c. fhall be bought in by the owners, the whole confignments fo bought in fhall and may be delivered out to them with all convenient fpeed after the Tales thereof, upon payment of the freight, duties, and other charges to which the fame fhall be liable, without the actual payment of the grofs prices or fale amount of the laid goods * and that the faid private trade, and the fales thereof, fhall be in all refpeCts managed and conduced according to the bye laws of the faid company, made and provided for the management of the faid private trade, fave only and except as is otherwife dire&ed, provided, or authorifed by this aCt.

CHI. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That previous Goods ofprl-to the fhipping of any goods under the authority of this.aCl, by vate mer-private merchants or manufacturers, the fame fhall be duly regif- chants to be tered in books kept by the faid company for regiftering private trade goods, in which regiftry fhall be defcribed the marks and pi^ &c# numbers of each bale or package of goods fo fhipped, and the amount of the tonnage of all the goods fhipped by each merchant or manufacturer ; and an order or licence in writing fhall be given, under the hand of the proper officer of the faid company, for the fhipping of fuch goods; and all goods which fhail be fhipped either in London or the Eaji Indies, without being fo re-giflered, fhall be confidered as goods illicitly fhipped, and the faid goods fhall be fubjeCt to fuch feizure and forfeiture, and the owners, fhippers, and agents concerned therein, to fuch forfeitures and penalties, as any person fhall be fubjeCt to by law for carrying on trade to or from the Eaji Indies without the faid company's licence.

CIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That all goods, Goodsexport-wares, and merchandizes, exported or imported by virtue of this ed or import-aCt, by or on the account of any private merchants, traders, or'C tc> other perfons, fhall be fubjeCt to the payment of the like rates, fUbje^. to cuftoms, and duties of import and export, both in India and fame rates as Great Britain, as the goods, wares, and merchandizes of the thofe of the fame kinds or forts, of and belonging to the faid company, are cornPaiiy* or fhall be fubjeCt or liable unto, and to no other rates, cuftoms, or duties whatever, the aforefaid duty or allowance of three pounds per centum, granted to the faid company for the purpofes aforefaid, always excepted, any aCt or aCts to the contrary not-withftanding.

CV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaCted and declared, Company not That the faid company fhall, by virtue of this aCt, be wholly to pay exempted, freed, and exonerated from the claims of individuals' in refpeCt to any compensation or fatisfaCtion which the faid com- goods, pany might otherwife be liable to anfwer or pay as carriers of goods, for any embezzlement, \vafte, Ioffes, or damages of any goods, wares, or merchandize* during the time of their bein,<2; on board the fhips of or employed by the laid company,- or in anv

of

 

Securities

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

of their warehoufes in Great Britain or India, or in their tranfit to or from fuch fhips ; any law or ftatute to the contrary not-withftanding.

CVI. And be it further ena&ed, That the deeds of covenant, given by the and other engagements and fecurities, made, given, or entered company to ^ into ^y any t^ie °^cers an^ fervants of the faid company, en-extend to the trufted by them with the cuftody, care or management of goods, property of in- wares, and merchandizes, whether at fea or on fhore, for the due dividuals, &c. execution of the truft repofed in them, (hall be deemed in law to extend to and include as well fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, as are the immediate property of the faid company, as fuch as are the property of individuals; and that all or any of the officers and fervants of the faid company, fo by them intrufted, and all other persons having at any time the cuftody or care of any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, by or through whofe means, default, procurement, negledf, or want of care, any embezzlement, wafte, lofs, or damage, {hall or may arife or be fuftained, flhall be liable at law to anfwer for the fame in damages &nd colts to the proper owners thereof; and that if fuch owners fhall be defirous of being availed of the benefit of any fuch deeds of covenant or engagement, and fhall give fuch fecurity or other indemnity to the court of directors of the faid company, as the faid court fhall require for fecuring the faid company, and keeping them indemnified from all cofts and damages in that behalf, it fhall be lawful for the party or parties aggrieved by any fuch embezzlement, wafte, lofs, or damage, in his property, to fue upon any fuch deed, engagement, or fecurity, in the name of the faid company, and to take the full benefit of any verdidt or judgement which fhall be obtained or pronounced therein, and to iffue or award execution thereupon; any law or ufage to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Application of CVII. And be it further ena&ed. That for and during fo long time as the faid company fhall be entitled to the whole, foie, and excluiive trade and traffic in, to, and from the Eajl Indies, and other places within the limits of their charter, fubjedt to the pro-vifions, regulations, apd limitations in this adt contained, the clear profits arifing from the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues in India^ after defraying the charges and expences of collecting the fame, fhall be applied and difpofed of to and for the ufes and purpofes herein-after exprefied in the following order of preference, and to or for no other ufe or purpofe, or in any other manner whatever, any adl or adfs of parliament now in force to the contrary notwithftanding; (that is to fay), In the firft place, in defraying all the charges and expences of railing and maintaining the forces as well European as native, military and marine, on the eftablifhments in India, and of maintaining the forts and garrifons there, and providing warlike and naval ftores: fe-condly, in payment of the intereft accruing on the debts owing, or which may be hereafter incurred' by the faid company in India : thirdly, in defraying the civil and commercial eftablifhments of the faid company at their feveral fettlements there:

fourthly,

the iurplus arifing from the territorial acquifitions and revenues in India.

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertlo Georgii III. o. 52.	173

fourthly, that there fhall be iffued to the refpedive commercial boards of the faid company, at their feveral prefidencies in Indiaj in fuch proportions as the court of diredors of the faid company, with the approbation of the board of commiifioners for the affairs of India, fhall from time to time direct, a fum of not lefs than one crore of current rupees in every year, to be applied in the provifion of the company's inveftment of goods in India, and in remittances to China, for the provifion of inveftment of goods there: and, fifthly, that as often as any part of the faid debts fhall be redeemed or difcharged in India, or transferred from thence to Great Britain, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid court of diredors, with the confent of the faid board of commiffioners, to increafe the annual advancement to the faid commercial boards, for the provifion of inveftments in India and China, in the fame extent to which the intereft of the debts in India fhall be reduced by fuch extindion and transfers reflectively, if the trade of the faid company from India, and their remittances to China, fhall admit of or require fuch increafe : and that after the appropriations aforefaid, or fums fet apart fufficient to anfwer and make good the fame, the furplus of the faid revenues fhall be applied to the liquidation of the debts of the faid company in India, or to fuch other ufes and purpofes as the court of directors, with the approbation of the board of commiffioners for the affairs of India, fhall from time to time dired; any ad or ads of parliament to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

CVIlf. And whereas fundry debts, incurred in the defence and protection of the Britifh poffeffons in India, bearing intereft are now due and owing by the faid company there, amounting to feven crores of current rupees, or feven millions of pounds ferling, or thereabouts: and whereas it may be convenient and be-neficial to the company’s affairs, that the greater part of the faid debts Jhould be transferred or remitted to and paid in Great Britain; and it is therefore expedient that proper encouragement Jhould be given to the creditors of the faid company in India, to transfer and remit the fame accordingly : be it further enaded, That it fhall and may law- Governments ful for the feveral governments and prefidencies in India from *n India may time to time to grant bills of exchange upon the court of direc- ^pon the di-tors of the faid company, payable in Great Britain, at fuch equi- redors for table rates of exchange as fhall be from time to time direded or transferring authorifed by the faid court of diredors, with the approbation of debts in India the faid board of commilfioners for the affairs of India, for the ^-n reat purpofes of transferring and remitting the faid debts, in manner aforefaid incurred by the faid company, and now due and owing by them in India to Great Britain, until the faid debts in India fhall be reduced to a fum not exceeding two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds fterling, and that the faid court of dir.edors fhall be, and are by force and virtue of this ad, fully authorifed and impowered to accept and difeharge fuch bills of exchange accordingly, over and befides fuch other bills of exchange as the faid company could or might lawfully accept and pay if this ad had not been made, and not other wife, or in any

other

■  

Annoregni trtceflmo tertio Georgii III. Cj 52. [1^93.

other manner; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if the creditors of the faid company in India {hall decline to accept of and receive fuch bills of exchange as aforefaid in payment or dif-charge of their faid refpetftive debts, or fhall not accept the fame to the amount of five hundred thoufand pounds in any year, it fhall and may be lawful for the governor general in council of Fort William, in Bengal, or for the governors in council of the feveral prefidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay refpecftively, by the order and authority of the faid governor general in council, to raife a fufficient fum or fums whereby to make up a remittance for fuch year to the amount by which the total of bills of exchange fo accepted by the faid creditors fhall fall fhort 6f the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds by loans of and from any other persons willing to advance the fame upon the credit of bills of exchange to be drawn by them upon the laid court of directors, at fuch equitable rates of exchange as fhall be autho-rifed and dire&d in the manner before mentioned; and that the money fo raifed in India fhall forthwith, upon payment thereof into the proper treafury there, be iffued and applied towards the liquidation and dilcharge of the faid debts of the faid company in India, and to or for no other ufe or purpofe whatever.

Bills not to be CX. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That nothing mor^haiT in a<^ c°ntained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to 500,000!. an- authorife any of the governments in India to grant bills of ex-nually, unlefs change for the purpofe of transferring or remitting the faid debts by order of from India to Great Britain, to become due and payable within the directors. any one year? t0 he computed from the firft day of January in the fame year, exceeding in amount the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, unlefs by the fpecial order and authority of the court of dire&ors of the faid company, for that purpofe firft had and obtained; anything herein contained to the contrary notwith-fianding.	»

Application of CXI. And be it further ena&ed, That during the continuance the corntne exc^ufive trade to the faid company the net proceeds of in Great Bri- their Tales of goods at home, with the duties and allowances tain.	arifing by private trade, and all other profits of the faid company

in Great Britain, after providing for the payment of bills of exchange already accepted by the faid company, as the fame {hall become due, and for the current payments of other debts, intereft and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the faid company, (their bond debt always excepted), {hall be applied and difpofed of in the following manner; (that is to fay), Firft, in payment of 2 dividend, after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, on the prefent or any future amount of the capital ftock of the faid company, the firft half year’s payment thereof to commence and be made at Midfwnmer one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three : fecondly, in payment of five hundred thoufand pounds per annum, the fame to be fet apart on the firft day of March and the firft day of September half-yearly, in equal portions, and applied in the difcharge of bills of exchange drawn or to be drawn

in

 ""

If fuch bills are not accepted by the creditors to the amount of 500,0001. annually, the deficiency to be made up by loans.

T793‘l Anno regrii tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c, 52;	175

in India, for the transfer or remittance of the debts of the faid company from thence to Great Britain, for the diminution of fuch debts* until the fame fhall be reduced to two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds fterling: thirdly* in payment of a fum not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds in every year, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, to be applied as parliament {hall dire#, the fame to be fet apart for that purpofe on the firft day of July and the firft day of January in every year, by equal portions, and the firft half-yearly payment thereof to be made or accounted due on the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and

ninety-three: and if the faid funds fhall prove infufficient in any ft h^ds prove J r • I r , i n	•	1	r	•	,	.	n/r	.	n	J	infufficient to

year to fatisfy fuch lait mentioned payments into his Majetty s pay 500>000i.

exchequer, that then arid in every fuch cafe the fame fhall be into the ex-made good, except as in this is otherwife fpecially provided, chequer in out of any furpius which may remain from the faid net proceeds ^fi^enc* ^ in any fubfequent year, after the payment of the annual fum of macie good five hundred thoufand pounds into the receipt of his Majefty’s inafubfequent exchequer becoming due in each year refpedlively: and that until year; and the faid debts in India fhall be reduced to the faid amount of two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds fterling, the reciucec[ to ultimate furpius which fhall remain of the faid net proceeds, after 2,ooo,oool. fuch payments thereout made as aforefaid, fhall and may be from the ultimate time to time fet apart and applied in augmentation of the faid fund or ^^eds^to annual fum of five hundred thoufand pounds a year, hereby appro- be'applied as priatedfor the reduction of the faid debts in India, in and for the re- herein men-du£tion thereof, by the difcharge of any further bills of exchange to tioned* be drawn from thence, either for the transfer and remittance thereof-to Great Britain, or for loans of money to be borrowed on the credit of any bills of exchange which fhall be granted by the order of the court of directors, to any greater amount than is herein-before limited or diredled in that behalf; or otherwife it fhall be lawful for the faid court of diredlors to apply any part of the faid ultimate furpius of the faid net proceeds in the payment of any debts of the faid company in Great Britain, (the faid bond debt of one million five hundred thoufand pounds only excepted), or to the purebate of any goods, wares or other merchandize, to be difpofed of in India or China, and to appropriate the produce thereof in and towards the more fpeedy diminution of the faid debts in India: and Application of that when and fo foon as the faid debts in India fhall have been the ntt Pro~ reduced to the amount herein-before limited in refpedt thereof, arefre-and the bond debt in Great Britain to one million five hundred duced to cer-thoufand pounds, the furpius of the faid net proceeds, after provid- tain amounts, ing for the current payments of intereft, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the faid company, and of a dividend after the faid rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, on the faid capital ftocjc, and the faid annual fum of five hundred thoufand pounds to be paid into the exchequer, and after making good all former deficiencies in the faid annual payments, otherwife than as is provided by this adl, fhall be applied and difpofed of in manner following; (that is to fay), one fixth part of the faid furpius, computed and adjufted to the firft day of March in every year,

fhall

 

\j6

a6GfO.3X.3i,

recited.

tf the debts, after reduction, fhall be again increased beyond certain Sums, the like appropriations lor their reduction again to take place.

Bank to keep an account with the com-miffioners under the laft recited adt, and to inveft monies paid, in their names, &c.

Anno regni trlcefimo tertto GeoRGII III. 0.52, [1793.

fhall be referved and retained by the faid company, for their own ufe, and applied in augmentation of the dividends on their faid capital flock; and that the refidue of the faid furplus fhall be fet apart, and from time to time paid by the faid company, into the bank of England, within the firft week in April in each year, to be there placed to the account of the commifiioners appointed by an aft of the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aSl for vefing certain fans in commijfioners, at the end of every quarter of a year, to he by them applied in the reduction of the national debt, until the monies fo paid, together with the fums arifing by the growing interefl thereof, fhall have amounted to twelve millions of pounds Sterling; and that, from and after Such payments, together with the money fo arifing by the Said growing interefl, fhall have amounted to the faid fum of twelve millions of pounds flerling, the faid Surplus (hall be from time to time paid into the receipt of his Mafefty’s exchequer, and be there placed to the account of the consolidated fund, as the property of the publick in full right.

CXII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if the debts of the faid company in India, after the fame fhall have been reduced to two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds flerling, fhall be again increafed beyond that amount, or if their bond debt in Great Britain, after the fame fhall have been reduced to one million five hundred thoufand pounds, fhall be again increafed beyond that fum, then, and fo often as either of thofe cafes fhall happen, the like appropriations as are herein-before di-refted or authorised to be made for the reduftion of the Said pre-fent debts fhall again take place and be made for the reduftion of the faid new debts refpeftively, until the whole of the debts of the faid company in India fhall be again reduced to two crores of current rupees, and their bond debt in Great Britan to one million five hundred thoufand pounds; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXIII. And be it further enafted, That the governor and company of the bank of England fhall raife and keep an account with the Said commifTioners in their books, to be intituled The Account of the Guara?itec Eund of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to tbJ*Eaft Indies, and that as well all Such monies as fhall be So paid by the Said united company to the Said governor and company by virtue of this aft, as alfo the annual dividends or interefl to arife therefrom, in manner by this aft provided, fhall be placed to the faid account, and fhall be Severally and refpeftively, under the order and direftion of the Said governor and company of the bank of jEngland, laid out and inverted in the names of the Said commifTioners, in the purchafe of capital Hock in any of the redeemable publick annuities transferable at the bank of England, the Same to be transferred to the faid com-mifiioners, on account of the faid guarantee fund, in the-books of the (aid governor and company of the bank of England; and that the- dividends payable thereon fhall from time to time be received

bJ

 

1793-] Anno regni trlcefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.'	I77

by the faid governor and company of the bank of	,and

be placed to the account of the faid commiffioners.

CXIV. And be it further enabled, That when and after the When the ca-

monies paid by the faid united company to the faid governor and	of

company of the bank, together with the monies received for divi- the commif_

dends on the capital {rock of annuities purchafed therewith, and fioners fhall

with the proceeds thereof, fhall have amounted to twelve millions amount to

of pounds fterlincr, the dividends of the faid capital flock of an- i^°oo,oool.

•	o*'	#	^	#	*	the dividends

nuities fhall, in preference to any other difpofition thereof, be fub- liable to make

je£l and liable to make good to the faid united company, for and good any de-

during all fuch time as they fhall continue to trade with a joint ficency in the

dock, any deficiency or deficiencies in their own funds applicable dividends on * j	j	1	r	thecompanv s

to the payment of the faid dividend of ten pounds per centum per ftock. 1	1

annum on the capital flock of the faid united company, if any fuch deficiency fhall happen in fuch payment or payments; and that when there fhall be no fuch deficiency, or, being fuch, after the fame fliall be made good out of the faid dividends, fuch dividends, or the furplus thereof, fhall be deemed to be the property of the publick, and fhall be paid, when and as often as the fame fhall arife, by the faid governor and company of the bank of England into the receipt of the exchequer, and be there carried to the account of the confolidated fund.	>

CXVh And be it further enabled, That the capital flock of an- and the faid nuities wherein, or in the purchafe whereof, the faid fum of to^b^a^00^ twelve millions of pounds flerling fhall be invefled, purfuant to r°ntge fund'of the directions of this act, fhall be deemed and confidered as agua- of thecom-rantee fund for the better fecuring to the faid united company Pony’s flock, their faid capital flock, or the value thereof, fuch value being al- &c* ways computed for that purpofe after the rate of two hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of fuch capital flock; and that if, at the time of the right and title of the faid united company to the faid whole, foie, and exclufive trade (limited as aforefaid) becoming determined, their own funds and aflets, real and perfonal, fhall be infufficient to pay and fatisfy all their juft debts, and to make good to the faid company their faid capital flock, or the value thereof, computing the fame after the faid rate of two hundred pounds, for every one hundred pounds of the faid flock, that then the faid capital flock of annuities, or guarantee fund, fhall be deemed and confidered, as >far as the fame fhall or may extend for that purpofe, to be in the firfl place, and before any other application thereof, fubjedl and liable to make good to the faid company, and their creditors, the deficcncy fo arifing in their own funds and effedls for the purpofe aforefaid; and that the faid capital flock of annuities, or the furplus thereof, after making good fuch deficiency (if any fuch there fhall be), fliall remain and continue as a guarantee fund for the better fecuring the capital flock of the faid united company, or the value thereof, rating the fame as aforefaid, after fuch determination of their whole, foie, and exclufive trade, for fo long time as they fhall continue to trade with a joint flock, and fubjedl thereto; and after making good all fuch deficiencies, that the faid ca-Vol. XXXIX.	N	pital

Bank to lay before parliament an account of mo, ncy paid by the united company on account of the laid com-miffioners.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.'

pital flock of annuities, or fo much thereof as fhall then remain* {hall be and be deemed the property of the~publick.

CXVI. And be it further enadted, That, from and after any money fhall be paid by the faid united company to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of this a£t, an account fhall be made to the laft day of 'January in every year, by the governor and company of the bank of England, of all fums which fhall have been paid to them by the faid united company, or carried into their books on account of the faid commiflioners, under or by virtue of this adt, and alfo of all fums of capital flock of annuities, which in purfuance hereof fhall have been purchafed in the names of the faid commiflioners, with the in-tereft accruing thereupon, and of the application of the fame re-fpedtively; which account the faid governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required to lay before both houfes of parliament, on or before the fifteenth day of February immediately foilwing, if parliament fhall be then fitting, and if parliament fhall not then be flitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next feflion of parliament.

CXVIL And be it further enadted, That the fecurity or fecu-rities given or hereafter to be given, by the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, for the due performance of their truft, in purfuance of a claufe for that pur-pofe contained in the faid adt of the twenty-fixth year of his Ma-jefty’s reign, fhall extend and be deemed in law to extend to their due performance of the truft by this aeft repofed in the faid cafhier or cafhiers refpedtively.

CXVIII, Provided always, and be it further enabled, That fuch reafonable allowances fhall be made to the faid governor and company of the bank of England\ and their cafhier or cafhiers, in refpedt of their Cervices, labour, and expences in the performance of the trufts hereby repofed in them, as the commif-fioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the, time being, fhall in that behalf diredt, the fame to be paid or retained out of the annual dividends or proceeds of the capital flock of annuities to be purchafed under the authority of this adt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXIX. Ancf be it further enadted, That the faid united company and their fucceffors fhall, and they are hereby directed and tbe^xchequer reclu^red to pay into the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer, and and the bank, into the bank of England, the feveral and refpedtive fums of mo-the fame may ney by this adt directed to be paid by them, at or within the times, and in the manner and form aforefaid, and according to the true intent and meaning of this add; and if the faid united company or their fuccefiors fhall make failure in any payment hereby appointed to be made by them into the faid receipt of the exchequer, or into the bank of England, according to the tenor and true meaning hereof, that then and in any fuch cafe the money whereof fuch failure in payment fhall be made, fhall and may be recovered from the faid united company and their fucceffors, to his Ada-jefty’s ufe, by action of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or infor-a	mation

Securities given by cafhiers to extend to this a ft.

Allowance to be made the bank for their fervices.

On failure of payment of monies into

be recovered with damages in any court of record at Weftminfter*

Hosted by



1793*1 Anno regm tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.'	179

/nation, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefhnhijler, wherein nb effoin, protection, or wager of,law, fhall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which action, bill, fuit, or , information, it fhall be lawful to declare that the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies are indebted to his Majefty in the monies of which they fhall hate made default in payment, according to the form of this act, and have not paid the fame, which declaration fhall be fufficient; and in or upon fuch action, bill, plaint, or information, there fhall be further recovered for his Majefty’s ufe, againft the faid company and their fuccefTors, damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, for the refpedlive monies fo unpaid contrary to this aft, together with full cofts of fuit; and the faid united company and theii: fuccefTors, and all their ftock and funds, and all other their real and perfonal property and eftate, lands and tenements.

Whatever and wherever, fhall be and are hereby made fubjecf and liable to the payment of the faid monies and damages, with the full cofts of fuit.

CXX. And be it further enabled, That the faid united com- Certificates of pany and their fuccefTors fhall, upon payment of the feveral fums by this a£t directed to be made into the receipt of his Majefty’s chequer and exchequer, and into the bank of England refpedtively, be fully ex- bank to be onerated, acquitted, and difcharged,as againft his Majefty, his heirs given the and fuccefTors, from all writs, adftions, fuits, damages, and pro- company, ceedings, for or on account of the refpedlive fums which fhall be fd paid by the faid company; and in order that no difficulty or difpute may arife in refped thereof, a certificate fhall be made, without fee or reward, for the ascertaining the amount of every diftindt fum by the faid company paid into the receipt of the exchequer and into the bank of England refpedfively, by virtue of this add, at the time of the payment thereof, fpecifying the amount of the fum or Turns fo paid, and the day of payment of the fame; which certificate, in tefpedi of monies paid into the receipt of the exchequer, fhall be figned by the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, the clerk of the pells, and one of the tellers, or in their abfence by their refpedlive deputies attending at the faid receipt; and for monies paid into the bank of England, fuch certificate fhall be figned by one of the chief cafhiers of the faid bank of England feverally and refpedtively, at the time of payment of fuch money; and the feveral certificates fo figned fhall be delivered to the faid company, or their chief treafurer or caftiier, and fhall be good and fufficient evidence in law as againft his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, for the payment of the fum or fums therein expreffed and fpecified.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if On repref n-the making payment of any fum or fums into the receipt of the ^he exchequer, or into the bank of England, refpedtively, at or within Gf inccmve ' the time or times appointed by this adl for that purpofe, will be nience, the -attended with material inconvenience or1 embarraffment to the treafury nr*v affairs of the faid company, then and in every fuch cafe the court	"

of diredtors of the faid company fhall and are hereby required to njes jnto t‘T. reprefent the fame, and the circumftances thereof, to the high exchequer- o,

N 2	trea-	bank*



i8o

If by war the proceeds fhall tall fhort of paying 500 oool. per

Anno regni trlcefimo tertio GeoRgii III. c. 52. [1793*

treafurer or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, who fhall forthwith examine into and cqnfider of fuch reprefen-tation; and thereupon it fhall and rftay be lawful for the faid high treafurer or commiiTioners of the treafury, if he or they fhall fee caufe, to poftpone or fufpend the payment of the fum or fums fo accruing or accrued due as aforefaid, for fuch reafonable time, and upon fuch terms and conditions, as to him or them fhall appear reafonable and expedient, and that the payment of the faid fum or fums fhall accordingly be poft-poned or fufpended, and no penalty or damages fhall be incurred or incurrable in the mean time by reafon of the non-payment thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding: provided always, that there be laid before both houfes parliament, within fourteen days after the making fuch order, if parliament fhall be then fitting, or otherwife within the firfl fourteen fitting days of the then next feflion of parliament, a copy of the faid order, and of the reprefentation of the faid court of dire6lors, whereon the fame fhall have been granted.

CXXII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if it fhall happen that, by any extraordinary expences incurred in time of war or preparations for war, or from circumftances incidental to war, the aforefaid net proceeds fhall fall fhort (after

publick, the deficiency ihall not be

the accumu lation of the guarantee fund, occ.

6 Payment or provifion made for the faid dividend of ten pounds ™	P	per centum, and the faid five hundred thoufand pounds per annum

for the reduction of the faid debt in India) of making payment made good fo to the exchequer of the faid five hundred thoufand pounds per as to impede annum for the ufe of the publick, then, and fo often as the fame fhall happen, the deficiency or deficiencies in the faid Iaft-men-tioned payments fhall not be made good out the furplus of any future year or years, to impede the accumulation of the faid guarantee fund, not exceeding twelve millions of pounds payable into the exchequer, but that the amount of all deficiencies fo happening and occafioned fhall be deemed as a debt, to be made good to the publick upon the determination of the exclufive trade of the faid company, in the event only of their general affets, con-lifting of monies in their treafuries, fecurities for money, (hips, goods, wares, and merchandize, and other their live and dead flock, producing or amounting in value to more than fuificient for the payment of all the juft debts of the faid company, and of making good to the faid company the value of their capital flock, rated at two hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of fuch flock; but that after payment or provifion made for the faid debts and capita] flock as aforefaid, the furplus or excefs of the faid general affets fhall be applied in the making good the amount of the faid deficiencies as far as the fame will extend, in preference to any other application thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Act not to af-

CXXIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled. That the

fe<5t the rights appropriation made by this a£t of the clear profits of the faid ter-of the com-	ritorial acquifitions and revenues in India, fhall not extend, or be

pany or the	conftrued to extend, to prejudice or affect the rights of the pub-

putiick rc-	w	,	Jick,

 

1793*3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	181

lick, or of the fa id united company, refpedling the faid territorial fpe&ing the acquifitions and revenues, beyond the further term by this adl territorial granted to the faid united company, under the limitations thereof, anTrevenues in the foie and exclufive trade to the Eaft Indies, and parts aforefaid. beyond the CXXIV. And whereas, by an account heretofore made up by the further term faid company, of the profits of their trade and revenues, to the firjl granted. day of March one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, there remained\ after payment of a fum of four hundred thoufand pounds to the publick, in purfuance of an agreement for that purpofe^ the principal fum of two hundred and eighty-eight thoufand and twenty-five pounds feventeen Jhilllngs and ten-pnce, which faid fum the faid com-pany were, by a claufe contained in the faid in part recited all of the tiventy-fir/l year of his Majeftys reign, authorlfed to apply in the payment of dividends to the proprietors of the capital flock of the faid company, in the mode fpecified in the faid act: and whereas the faicl company have not as yet made any dividend of the faid principal fu?ny but have kept the famey or the greater part thereof employed in their, trading capital, fujfering the interefi to accumulate thereon, the faid principal and inter efi forming a dijlintt article in the annual cajh accounts of the faid company, under the head of The Company’s Separate Fund, and amounting, on the firf day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, to the fum of four hundred fixty-feven thoufand eight hundred and ninety-fix pounds feven Jhillings and four-pence, over and above nine thoufand feven hundred and fifty pounds capital flock of the faid company, alfo part of the faid fepa-rate fund: and whereas, under the prefent circumfiances of the faid company, their true and permanent intere/ls will be better fe cured and advanced by limiting the diflribution of the faid feparate fund, in the manner herein-after fpecified, than by fuddenly calling the whole, or any large proportion thereof fro?n their faid trading capital: be it enacted, That the faid feparate fund, or the monies conftituting Application the fame, Hiall continue in the hands of the faid company bearing of the com-intereft, and be employed in their trade, fubjedt to the payment pany’slepa-of fuch dividends as are herein-after fpecified; and that the faid rate unct* feparate fund, with the growing intereft thereof, fhall and may be divided and diftributed in the manner herein-after mentioned, and in no other manner whatever, any former a£1 or adfs to the contrary notwithflanding; (that is to fay), That after payment (hall be made by the faid company into his Majefty’s exchequer of the two firft inftallments of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds each, which by force and virtue of this adfc will become due from the faid company to the publick, on the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and the firft: day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninty-four, re-fpedlively, or other wife after letting apart a fufficient fum for fuch payments, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid company, out of the laid feparate fund, and the intereft or growing income thereof, to make and declare a dividend or dividends after the rate of ten {hillings per centum per annum, on the prefent or any future amount of their capital flock, which faid dividend or dividends fhall and may be paid and payable to the faid company,

N 3	over'

 

No grant of new falaries; c.:c. above •loo 1. to be good unlefs confirmed by the board.

Directors to lay before prrliament yearly certain accounts.

o regni trkefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

oyer and above any other dividend or dividends which (hall become due in refpedt thereof; and that after the expiration of the further term hereby granted in the faid exclufive trade, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid company to retain and difpofe of what fliall then remain of the faid feparate fund, or of the monies conftituting the fame, and the interefl: or other annual proceeds thereof, in fuch manner as thejrfiiall then think fit.

CXXV. And whereas^ for protecting the funds of the faid company during their further term in the faid exclufive trade from being burthened with any improper charges, it is expedient that the faid company Jhould be put under reafonable limitations in refpelt to the grant-ing of penfeens or increafing the falaries of their officers and fervantsy or creating new ejlablijhments; be it further enabled. That no grant or refolution of the faid company, or their court of directors, to be made after the palling of this aft, and during the continuance of their right in the faid exclufive trade, whereby the faid funds may become chargeable with any new falary or in-creafe of falary, or any new or additional eftablifliment of officer^ or fervants, or any new penfion, or increafe of pennon, to any one perfon, exceeding two hundred pounds per annwny fliall be available in law, unlefs fuch grant or refolution fhall be approved and confirmed by the board of commiffioners for the affairs of lndiay attefted under the hand of the prefident of the faid board.

CXXVI. And be it further enafted. That the court of directors of the faid company fliall, within the firft fourteen fitting days next after the thirtieth day of March in every year, lay before both houfes of parliament an account, made up according to the late.fi: advices which fliall have been received, and with as much accuracy as the nature ofithe cafe will admit, of the annual produce of the revenues of the Britijh territories in Indiay diftinguifliing the fame under the refpe&ive heads thereof at each of their feve-ral prefidencies or fettlements, with the amount of their fales of goods and ffores within the limits of their exclufive trade, and of all their annual difburfements within the faid limits, difiinguifliing the fame under the refpedfive heads thereof, together with the lateft eflimate of the fame; and alfo the amount of their debts abroad, with the rates of interefl they refpedtively carry, and the annual amount of fuch interefl; the ftate of their effedbs at each prefidency or fettlement, and in China confifting of cafh apd bills in their treafuries, goods and ftores, and debts owing to the faid company, according to the lateft advices which fliall have been received thereof; and alfo a lift of their feveral eftablifhments in India, and other parts within the limits of their exclufive trade, and the friaries and allowances payable by the faid company in rcfpedl thereof: and alfo another annual account, made up to the firft day of March next preceding the delivery thereof to parliament, containing the amount of the proceeds of the fale of the goods and merchandizes of the faid company in Great Britain, and of their commercial and other receipts, charges, and payments in Great Britain, under the feveral heads thereof, together with an eflimate of the fame for the current year, and a ftatement '	* *	  ’	-	of

 

’	1793*]	Anno regnl tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	183

of their bond debts and fnnple contradl debts, with the rates of intereft they refpedtively carry, and the amount of fuch intereft, and the ftate of the calh remaining in their treafury, and other effects appertaining to the company in Great Britain, or afloat; and if any new or increafed falaries, eftablifhments, or penfions, payable in Great Britain, fhall have been granted or created within the preceding year, the particulars thereof fhall be fpeci-ally flated and inferted at the foot of fuch account.

CXXVII. And whereas, by the faid recited aft of the twenty -frft Recital of a<fts year of his Majefty, it was among other things provided, that for	?s°	^

every regiment, belonging to his Majefty, then ferving in the Eaft troops in the Indies, for the defence of the territorial pojfeffions there, or any other Eaft Indies* regiment which Jhould be fent for that purpofe at the requiftion of , the faid company, there Jhould be paid to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-cejfors, the fum of two lacks of current rupees per annum for every regiment of one thoufand men, and in proportion for a greater or fmaller number: and whereas, by virtue of certain other afts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-frft years of his Majefty, all expences incurred by his Majefty in the raiftng, embodying, and conveying to India certain troops ferving there, Jhould be repaid by the faid company: and whereas, under the proviftons of the faid afts, as likewife on the account of navy and victualling expences or otherwife, feveralfums became due and owing to his Majefty; towards which thefaid company have paid to the amount of five hundred thoufand founds, and a confuderable fum ftill remains due to his Majefiy on that account: and whereas, in confequence of an ex- Claim of the pedition againft the Manhillas, in or about the year one thoufand feven company on hundred and fixty-two, and in confequence of fupporting a number of^Q publick. prifoners, during the war of that period, and Jupplying hofpitals for his Majefty*s troops in India, and for the cuftoms on certain teas returned by the buyers in or about the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, the faid company have claimedfeveral fums of money to be due and owing to them by his Majefty,, amounting together to four hundred and forty-three thoufand fix hundred and thirty-two pounds: and whereas, for the final fettling and adjufting of the faid feveral accounts, it hath been agreed, that the fums remaining due from the faid company, as well on account of the faid navy and victualling expences or other charges, as alfo on account of the faid troops, to be computed to the tiventy-fourth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, Jhall be fet againft the faid fum of four hundred and forty-three thoufand fix hundred and thirty-two pounds, fo claimed by them as aforefaid; and that bis Majefty and the faid company Jhall be reciprocally acquitted and difcharged of and from the aforefaid claims and fums refpeftively : be it therefore further enabled and declared, That the faid company fhall, and Claim of his they are hereby acquitted, exonerated, and abfolutely difcharged from all fums of money due and owing by them for and on ac- for^xpenced count of any navy or victualling expences, or of his Majefty’s of troops to troops ferving in India, computed to the faid twenty-fourth day December 24, of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two,. anc^ claim of^he from all claims and demands of the crown or the publick in re- cpmpany on fpedt thereof, or on any other account whatever to that period, the publick,

N 4	and	difcharged*

 

184 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. C1793?

and that all accounts between the paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces and the faid company, and between the commif-(loners of the navy or commiftioners for victualling and the faid company refpeclively, fhali be held to have been clofed on the faid twenty-fourth day December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and that his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, (hall be acquitted, releafed, and difcharged of and from the feveral claims and demands of the faid company, in refpedf of the faid fum of four hundred and fprty-three thoufand fix hundred and thirty-two pounds.

From Dec. 24, CXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That from the faid i792,expences twenty-fourth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and to berc S ninety~twcb fums iflued by the faid paymafter general of his the Company. Majefty’s forces, for and on account of his Majefty’s forces ferv-ing in India, or for railing and fupplying recruits for the fame, (hall be repaid by the faid company ; and that the a6tual ex-pences only which (ince the faid twenty-fourth day of Deceniber one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, have been, or which hereafter (hall be incurred for the fupport and maintenance of the faid troops, (hall be borne and defrayed by the faid company ; any claufe or provilion contained in the faid recited of the twenty-firft year of his Majefty, or any other a<3 or a£ts, to the contrary notwithftanding.	-

CXXIX. And whereas various fatutes have been heretofore made for fecuring to the faid united company their file and exclufve right of trading to the Eaft Indies, and parts aforefaid^ during, the con -tinuance of fuch foie and exclufve right, and to refrain all illicit and clandefine trade to, in9 and from the Eaft Indies, and parts aforefaicl: and whereas the limitations and provifons in this aft con-tained, concerning the future conduct of the faid trade, require that feme alterations fhoald be made	in	the jaid fatutes; and it may be

convenient that fuch provifons	as	/hall be deemed neceffary for fe-

curing to the faid company the full benefit of fuch foie and exclufve right (fubjeft to the prov fons and limitations contained in this aft) and for refraining all clandefine and illicit trade in, to, and from the Eafc Indies, and parts aforefaid, foould be reduced into one aft Ships, Sec* of °f parliament: be it further enabled, That if any of the fubjedfs unlicenfed of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of or belonging to Great persons trad- Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney^ Sark, or !imits^ot^the^2 ^an'> or Faro If es^ cr to any	of	his'Majefty’s colonies, iflands,.

Eaft India	or plantations in America or the	TVcf Indies, other than fuch as

company, for- by the faid united company fhali be licenfed, or otherwife there-feited, &c. unto lawfully authorifed, fhali at any time or times, before fuch determination of the faid company’s whole and foie trade as i£ herein-before limited, diredlly or indiredtly fail to, vifit, haunt, frequent, trade, traffick, or adventure to, in, or from the faid Eaft Indies, or other parts herein-before mentioned, contrary to the limitations and provifions of this adl, or the true intent and meaning thereof, all and every fuch offender or offenders (hall incur the forfeiture and lofs of all the (hips and veflels belonging to or employed by fuch fubje&s refpecftivelyf with the guns,

•	tackle*'

 

f793.] Annoregni tricesimo tcr-cio GeorgiiIII. c. 52.	185

tackle, apparel, and furniture thereunto belonging, and alfo all the goods and merchandize laden thereupon, or which were or {hall be lent, acquired, traded, trafficked, or adventured within the faid Eaji Indies, or parts aforefaid, and all the proceeds and effects of fuch goods and merchandize, and double the value thereof (to wit) one fourth part of fuch forfeiture to fuch person or persons who {hall feize, inform, or fue for the fame, and the other three fourth parts thereof to the ufe of the faid united company, they defraying thereout the charges of profecution.

CXXX. And, be it further enadted, That all and every fub- Perfons going jedfc and fubjects of his Majeffy, his heirs or fucceffors, of or be- to the faid longing to Great Britain, or the idands, colonies, or plantations aforefaid, or any of them, who (hall at any time or times, before <jeemed to fuch determination of the faid united company’s whole and foie have traded trade as is herein-before limited, go, fail, or repair to4 the faid unlawfully. Eaji Indies, or parts aforefaid, againft any of the provifions of this a(ff, fhall be deemed and accounted to have unlawfully traded and trafficked there, and all the fhips, goods, and merchandize which ihall be employed therein, or found in his or their cuftody, or in the cuftody of any other person or perfons, by his or their employment, order, or procurement, {hall and may be feized, and fhall be forfeited, with double the value thereof, one fourth of which forfeiture fhall belong to the person or persons who flialj feize, inform, or fue for the fame, and three fourths thereof fhall be to the ufe of the faid united company, they thereout defraying the charges of profecution.

CXXXI. And be it further enabled, That if any fubjefl: or Any unlicenf-fubje£ts,of his Majeffy, his heirs or fucceffors, of or belonging ed persons goto Great Britain, or any of the iflands, colonies, or plantations	,

aforefaid, not being lawfully licenfed or authorifed, {hall at any therein^ liable time or times before fuch determination of the faid company’s to fine andim-whole and foie trade, as is herein-before limited, directly or in- prifonment. diredlly go, fail, or repair to, or be found in the Eaji Indies, or any of the parts aforefaid, all and every fuch person and persons are hereby declared to be guilty of a high crime and mifdemeanor, and being conviiffed thereof (hall be liable to fuch line or im-prifonment, or both fine and imprifonment, as the court in which fuch person or persons {hall be convidted fhall think fit; and in cafe of a line, one moiety thereof (hall belong to his Majeffy, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the faid united company, if they fhall profecute the faid offence, or other-wife fuch moiety {hall he to the ufe of fuch person or persons as fhall profecute the fame.

CXXXIL And be it further enacted, That at any time or Such persons times, before fuch determination of the faid company’s whole maybearreft-and foie trade as is herein-before limited, it (hall and may be £^a^^efQrt0 lawful to and for the faid company and their fucceffors, by and tl^al^and may through fuch person or persons as is and are hereafter mentioned, be committed, to take, arreff, and feize, or caufe to be taken, arreffed, and feized, at any place or places within the Eaji Indies, or parts, aforefaid, all and every person and perfons, being, a fubjedt or .

fubjefts

 

By whom fuch persons may be arretted, and forfeited veiftIs, See. feiz td.

e86 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

fubjedts of* his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, of or belonging to Great Britain, or to any of the iflands, colonies, or plantations aforefaid, who fhall go, fail, or repair to, or be or be found within the faid Eajl Indies or parts aforefaid, againft: any of the provifions of this adir, and him or them to remit and fend or bring to England, there to anfwer for his, her, or their offence according to due courfe of Jaw; and when fuch person or persons fhall arrive in England, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majefly’s jufticeS of the peace, and he and they are hereby authorifed and required to commit all and every fuch person or persons to the next county gaol, there to remain until fufficient fecurity be given, by natural-born fubjedts or denizens, for the appearance of fuch person or persons in the court in which he or they fhall or may be fued or profecuted, or fhall be under adtual profecution in refpedt of fuch his or their offence, and for his or their not going out of court, or out of the kingdom, without the leave of fuch court.

CXXXIII. And be it further enadfed, That the powers and authorities hereby given to the faid company, of taking, arreft-ing, feizing, remitting, or fending to England, any fuch person or persons as aforefaid, together with the power of feizing any fhips, veffels, goods, merchandize, and effedts by this adf made liable to feizure or forfeiture, fhall and may be enforced and put in execution in the name of the faid company, by the order and authority of the governor general of Fort JVillia?n in Bengal, or the governor of Fort Saint George, and governor of Bombay for the time being refpedlively, or by any chief officer of the faid company, refident at any other of the Britifb fettlements in the Eaji Indies refpedlively, or by the order and authority of the faid company’s council of fupra cargoes for the time being, at the town or fadtory of Canton, within the faid town or fadlory, and upon the river of Canton, or other part of the coafts of China, and by fuch other persons as fhall be from time to time efpecially deputed and authorifed for that purpofe by the court of directors of the faid united company for the time being.

CXXXLVh And be it further enadted, That during fuch time as the faid company (hall have fuch whole and foie trade as aforefaid, if any person or persons who fhall have been difmiffed from, or fhall have voluntarily refigned the fervice of the faid company, aforefaid,after or any free merchant, free mariner, or other person whofe cove-the time al- nants or agreements with the faid company fhall be expired' or have ceafed, or whofe licence to go to, or traffick, trade, or refide within the faid Eajl Indies, or parts aforefaid, fhall have ceafed and determined, fhall be Of be found in the Eajl Indies, or parts and limits aforefaid, after the expiration of fuch time as fhall be allowed by the refpedtive governments or prefidencies in India, wherein fuch person or persons fhall be or be found, every fuch person and persons fhall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purpofes whatever, to have unlawfully traded in the faid parts and limits contrary to this adl, and fhall be fubjedt to all the penalties, forfeitures, and provifions pf this adl, againft perfons

Perfon&ffif-mifled, Sec. who fhall be found within the limits

lowed, to be deemed to have unlawfully traded.

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III* c. 52,	187

Tons unlawfully going to, or trafficking, trading,- or adventuring, or found in any place within the (aid parts and limits accordingly.

CXXXV. And be it further enabled, That as well all and All goods, &c* every the goods, merchandize, treafure, and effedls, which (hall (except as gt any time or times, before fuch determination of the faid com- ^e^1-eXCe(Ft" pany’s whole and foie trade as aforefaid, be (hipped or put on Q^eat board any (hip or (hips, or veffel or veffels, bound from Great Britain to the Britain to the Eaft Indies, or the parts aforefaid (other than and Eaft Indies, or except the goods, merchandize, treafure, and effedls of the faid taken out of ^ company, or of other persons lawfully (hipping the fame, under wa^d ^ be the limitations and provifions of this adl, and according to the forfeited, and true intent and meaning of the fame, and except the naval (lores, the officers provifions, and neceffaries for fuch (hip or (hips to perform their ^er^tC> yoyage), as alfo all and every the goods, merchandize, treafure nalty, and effects, which (hall from and after the time aforefeid be taken 9 out of any fuch (hip or veffel in her voyage homeward from the Eajl Indies, or parts aforefaid, to England., before her arrival there, the fame and every of them (hall be forfeited, together -with double the value thereof, and (hall and may be feized; and the mafter or commander, or other officers of fuch (hip or (hips, or veffel or veffels, for the time being, knowingly permitting or fuffering any fuch goods, merchandize, treafure, or effedls, to be (hipped or put on board any fuch (hip or (hips fo bound to the Eajl Indies, or to be taken out of any fuch (hip or (hips bound from the Eajl Indies, or parts aforefaid, to England., (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of one thoufand pounds, and moreover (hall not be entitled to have, demand, or receive any wages whatfoever, nor (hall the faid company be obliged, or compelled or compellable to pay any wages to, or to the ule or ypon the account of any fuch mafter, commander, or officer, for or in refpedl of the voyage fo made or to be made by fuch mafter, commander, or officer; but if fuch (hip (hall have been taken up by tfye faid company by charter party or hire, then the faid company (hall have an allowance or deduction, in refpedl- of the faid wages, to the full amount thereof, out of the monies payable by them to the owner or owners of the (hip to which luch mafter or officer (hall belong, for the hire or freight thereof ; and every fuch mafter or officer, who (hall be convidted of fuch offence, (hall be rendered incapable of again adting in the fervice of the faid company in any capacity whatever.

CXXXVI. And be it further enabled. That no person being Penalty on a fubjedl of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of or belonging persons trad-to Great Britain, or any of the iflands, colonies, or plantations ing to the Eaft aforfefaid, (hall procure, folieit for, obtain, or adt under any autho^yfrom commifhon, authority, or pafs, from any foreign prince, (late, foreign or potentate whatfoever, to fail, go, or trade in or to the faid princes.

Eajf Indies, or any of the parts aforefaid, and every fuch person who (hall offend therein fhall incur and forfeit for every offence five hundred pounds, one half part of which penalty fhall belong to fuch person or persons as (hall inform or fue for. the fame, and

1 ‘ ~ ’	the

in

No governor general. &c. to trade, except on account of the company.

No judge to be concerned in any trade.

No person whatever to be concerned in the inland trade in Fait, See. except with the company’s permii-fion.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793.

the other half to the faid united company, and if the faid united company fliall inform or fue for the fame, then the whole of the faid penalty (hall belong to the faid company.

CXXXVII. And be it further enadded, That it fliall not be lawful for any governor general, or governor, or any member of council of the faid prefidencies in India, to be concerned in any trade or traffick whatever, except on account of the faid company, nor for any colledfor, fupervifor, or other person employed or concerned in the colledlion of the revenues, or the admini-ftration ofjuftice, in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJfay or either of them, or their agents or fervants, or any person or persons in truft for them or any of them, to carry on or be concerned in or to have any dealings or tranfaftions, by way of traffick or trade, at any place within any of the provinces in India, or other parts, or to buy any goods, and fell the fame again, or any part thereof, at the place where he or they bought the fame, or at any other place within the. fame province, or any other fuch province or country refpedKvely, except on account of the faid company ; nor fliall it be lawful for any of the judges of the fupreme court of judicature to be concerned in any trade or traffick whatever ; nor fliall it be lawful for any of his Majefty’s fubje£iS in the faid provinces to engage, intermeddle, or be in any-wife concerned, dire<Sfly or indiredfly, in the inland trade in fait.

beetle nut, tobacco, or rice, except on the account of the faid company, or with their permiffion, on pain of forfeiting all fuch goods or commodities which they, or any of them, fliall fo buy and fell again, by way of traffick, or in which any of them fliall fo trade, and alfo treble the value thereof, one moiety to the laid united company, and the other moiety to him or them who will fue for the lame.

CXXXVIII. And be it furthe.r enacted, That before fuch determination of the faid united company’s foie and whole trade as is herein-before limited, it (hall not be lawful for any fubjedt the^ftTndies °^s Majefly, his heirs or fucceflors, of or belonging to Great or China to	Britain,	or any of the ifiands, colonies, or plantations aforefaid,

either in his own name or in the name of any other person or persons whatever, to carry on or be concerned, at his or their own rifque, or for his or their own benefit, in the fending any

No person to fend the produce or ma-

Europe, but according to this ad, on penalty of double the value ;

kind of goods and merchandizes, the produce or manufadture of the Eaji Indies or China, by the way of Suez, or by any other channel to Europe, otherwife than as is allowed or provided by this act; and if any fuch fubject fliall carry on or be concerned in any fuch trade or traffick on his own account, contrary hereto, he fliall forfeit and pay to the faid united company double the value of the goods and merchandizes which fliall by him or them be lo unlawfully fent to Europe.

CXXXIX. Provided always, and be it enadted, That the faid lafl-mentioned reftriciion fliall not extend, or be conffrued to extend, to preclude any of the fervants of the faid united com-to the iubjedts pany (other than fuch of them as {hall or may be fpecially pro

but not to extend to the trading and felling goods

of foreign {fates, &c.

hibited by any law- or ftatute,

or by any order of the faid company,

 

189

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgi I III. c. 52.'

pany, or their governments abroad, and other than and in re-fpedt of the inland trade in fait, beetle nut, tobacco, and rice), or any free merchants licenfed by the faid company to refide in India, or other parts within their faid limits, from buying any goods in India, and felling the fame again in India to the fubjedls of any foreign nation or Hate, or from adfing as agents or favors in the importing or exporting, buying or felling goods in India, for or on the account bona fide of any foreign company or any foreign merchant $ any thing in this adl contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXL. And be it further enabled, That all penalties, forfei- How offences tures, feizures, caufes of feizure, crimes, mifdemeanors, and againft this another offences, which Jfhall arife, or be incurred or made under e^° e~ or fhall be committed againft this adl, fhall be fued for, profe- J cuted, examined, recovered, and adjudged Jn any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfier, or in the fupreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, or in one of the mayor’s courts at Madras or Bombay refpedfively, in. manner following;

(that is to fay) all fuch pecuniary penalties, and all forfeitures of fhips, veffels, merchandize, and goods, fhall and may be fued for, condemned, and recovered by adlion, bill, fuit, or information, wherein no effoin, protedfion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed; and all fuch feizures, whether of any perfon, or of any (hips, veffels, merchandizes, and goods, and all caufes of fuch feizure, fhall be cognizable in fuch adtions, fuits, or profecutions, as fhall bring into queftion or relate to the lawfulnefs or regularity of any fuch feizure *, and all fuch offences as by this adf are not made punifh-able by pecuniary penalties, or by any forfeitures of goods, but by fine or imprifonment, or both, or are hereby created, without providing any particular punifhment, fhall be profecuted by in-didlment or information as mifdemeanors, for breach thereof, and fhall be punifhed by fine or imprifonment, or both, at the difcretion of the court in which fuch profecution fhall by virtue of this adt be begun and carried on; and if fuch profecution for -a mifdemeanor fhall be in any of the faid courts in the Eafl In-dies, and the person or persons profecuted fhall be there cdnvidted, it fhall be lawful for fuch court to order, as part or for the whole of the punifhment, any fuch person or perlons to be fent and conveyed to Great Britain.

CXLL And be it further enadfed, That whenever any adlion, How actions bill, fuit, information, or indidlment fhall be brought or profe- fhall be laid, cuted in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefiminjlet\ for any offence againft this adl, whether for a penalty, forfeiture, or mifdemeanor, the offence fhall be laid or aliedged to have been committed in the city of London or county of Middlefiex, at the option of the informer or profecutor; afcd all adtions, bills, fuits, informations, and indidtments for any offence or offences againft this adf, whether filed, brought, commenced, or profecuted for a penalty or forfeiture, or for a mifdemeanor, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record a^ Wejhninjltry or in the faid

fupreme

'	Hosted	by	

Limitations c actions; and procefs.

The attorney general may exhibit bills of complaint for difcovery of clandeftine trading, See.

Clandeltine traders, betides the duties, to pay damages to the company.

Anno regni trieeflmo tert’16 GeoRGH III. 52. [17937

fupreme court, or any fuch mayor’s court as aforefaid, (hall be >f brought and profecuted within fix years next after the offence {hall be committed, and a capias (hall ifliie in the firft procefs, and in the cafe of an offence hereby made punifhable by any penalty or forfeiture, fuch capias {half fpecify the film of the penalty or forfeiture fued for, and the person or persons fued of profecuted for fuch penalty fhall, on fuch capias, give to the person or persons to whom fuch capias fhall be directed, fufficient bail or fecurity, by natural-born fubjedls or denizens, for. appearing In the court out of which fuch capias fhall iffue, at the day or return of fuch writ, to anfwer fuch fuit or profecution, and fhall likewife, at the time of fuch appearance, give fufficient bail or fecurity, by fuch persons as aforefaid, in the fame court, to anfwer and pay all the forfeitures and penalties fued for, if he, fhe, or they fhall be convidled of fuch offence or offences, or to' yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prifon ; but if the profecution fhall be for any offence or offences againft this a£t, punifhable only as a mifdemeanor, then the person or perfonS againft whom fuch capias fhall iffue, being thereupon arrefted, fhall be imprifofted and bailable according to law, as in other cafes of mifdemeanor.

CXLII. And,, for more effectually preventing all fuch illegal or clandeftine trading or trafficking as is hereby made punifhable by the forfeiture of goods or merchandizes ; and in refpeCf of the dififi^ culty there may he of afeertaining what goods and merchandizes have been fo illegally or clandefinely trafficked with, and the value thereof % and for fecuring to the crown the duties on the goods fo illegally trafficked with, and to the /aid united company a reparation by way of damages, for fuch illegal or clandefine trading; be it further en-adted, That it fhall be lawful for his Majefty’s attorney general for the time being, either at the relation of the faid united company, or by his own authority, to exhibit a bill or bills of complaint in his Majefty’s court of exchequer, againft any person or persons trading, dealing, trafficking, or adventuring in, to, or from the Eaf Indies, in breach of this a£t, or againft any person or persons concerned as agent, fadlor, or copartner, with fuch illegal traders, for difcovery of fuch trading, dealing, trafficking, or adventuring, and for recovery of fuch duties to the crown, and fuch damages to the faid united company, as herein-after are mentioned, fo that every fuch bill contain a waiver or difclaimer of all the penalties and forfeitures incurred by any fuch person or perfons, for the matters contained in fuch bill; and fuch person and persons {hall anfwer the faid bill or bills, and {hall not plead or demur to the difcovery thereby fought, and {hall pay to his Majefty the cuftoms and duties of the goods and merchandize arifing, produced, or purchafed, by the faid unlawful trade, traffick, or adventuring, and {hall alfo, as a reparation to the faid company in damages, anfwer and pay to the faid company, for the fame goods and merchandize, after the rate of thirty pounds per centum,, according to the value thereof in England; and if fuch offender or offenders, ihal! pay the faid duties and

cuftoms,

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III, c, 52.'	191

cuftoms, or the amount thereof, into his Majefty’s exchequer for the ufe of hfs Majefty, and the faid damages to the faid company, he or they (hall not be profecuted upon any other branch or provifion of this adf, for the fame offence ; and if fuch bill or Payment of bills (hall be exhibited at the relation of the faid company, and cofts. fhall be difmifled by the faid court of exchequer, in favour of any defendant or defendants, the faid company (hall pay to all and every fuch defendant and defendants his and their cofts of fuit; but if a decree (hall be obtained againft the defendant or defendants, he or they (hall pay cofts to his Majefty and the relators refpedlively.

CXLfll. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if Ifthedire&ors before any fuit or profecution (hall be commenced for the re- ele& hd,s °f covery of any penalty or penalties, or forfeiture or forfeitures, fQ^ne^s^f of" under this adl, by his Majefty’s attorney general, or the faid fences to have united company, any common informer or informers (hall go to a third of the the court of directors of the faid united company, and make fingle value of known to them the offence committed, and inftead thereof the ^ concern, faid court of directors (hall eledt to have the fuit or profecution brought or commenced by bill or bills of complaint, to be filed or exhibited in his Majefty’s court of chancery or of exchequer at Wejiminfter, then and in every fuch cafe there (hall be yielded and paid to fuch common informer or informers one third part of the fingle value of the faid intereft and concern when recover-ed ; but if the faid court of diredlors (hall eledl to have the fuit or profecution commenced for the penalties or forfeitures by information or a&ion at law, then the faid informer or informers (hall and may accordingly fue for the fame at law, and the faid information or acftion (hall be proceeded upon, and (hall not be difcontinued or determined except with the confent of the faid united company, or their court of directors.

CXLIV. And be it further enadted, That if the faid united If the corn-company (hall firft inform, fue, and profecute for any penalty or forfeiture for any of the offences againft this adt, then the part, potion oUhe (hare, and proportion of the penalties and forfeitures, otherwife penalties to given or appointed by this adt to any other person or persons who devolve on the (hall fue or inform for the fame, (hall devolve upon and be to the ^^h^not ufe of the faid united company, although fuch information, fuit, faedtoHn the or profecution be commenced by the faid united company after limited time, lapfe of the time limited by law for the fuit, profecution, or information of the common informer.

CXLV. And be it further enadfed, That if, before fuch de- If adions be termination of the faid united company’s whole and foie trade, as |j™awful^ is herein-before limited, any fuit or adtion (ha)l be brought ^efting of per-commenced againft the faid united company, or any of their fer- fons found in vants, or any persons adting by their authority, for the recovery theEaftlndies, of any cofts or damages for the unlawful taking, arrefting, feiz- &c-the de-ing, imprifoning, fending, or bringing to England, of any per- p^ad^hege-fon or persons found in the Eajl Indies, or other parts aforefaid, nera] iiTue. within the limits of the faid united company’s exclufive trade, or as not being authorifed to refide or traffick there, the defendant

or

Hosted by



*92	Anno	regni	trieefimo	tertio GEORGII lit. c. 52. [1793*

or defendants to fuch fuit or aftion may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence, Proof to lie on and the proof {hall lie on the plaintiff* or plaintiffs, upon the the plaintiff, trial of the iffue, to fhevv that at the time or times ofarreffing or feizing fuch person or persons refpeftcively for the caufes 'aforefaid, in the manner in which fuch arrefting or feizing (hall be laid or charged to have been done, in or by the declaration or declarations in fuch fuits or actions, the person or persons fo arretted was or were in the military or marine-fervice of his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or was or were under covenant to ferve the faid company in India, or was or v/ere duly pofleffed of a licence or licences in writing, authorifing him or them to go to or reffde and traffick in India, or other the parts aforefaid, or that the person or perfons, not being in his Majefty’s fervice,-was or were, at the time or times of his or their being fo feized or arrefted, entitled or authorifed, by the ftipulation of fuch covenants or licences refpeftively, to remain and continue in Indiaj or other the parts aforefaid, and in failure of fuch proof the plaintiff* or plaintiffs {hall become nonfuited ; and in fuch cafe, or in any other cafe wherein the plaintiff or plaintiffs {hall become nonfuited, or wherein judgement {hall be given againft fuch plaintiff7or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or where a verdift lhall pafs Plaintifftopay for the defendant or defendants, he or they {hall have treble cofts treble cofls. awarded to be paid by the refpeftive plaintiff* or plaintiffs in fuch fuit or aftion ; any law, ftatute, or provifion to the contrary notwithftanding.

So much of 9 CXLVI. And be it further enafted, That fo much of an aft & ioCul. 3. made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of. King William c. 44. as hi- the Third, intituled, (An aft for raifing a fum not exceeding two for Ulegahv^ millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight trading to'the pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies; Eaff Indies), as indicts any penalty or forfeiture for vifiting, haunting, frequenting, trading, trafficking, or adventuring : in, to, or from the Eaft Indies, or other the parts before mentioned, contrary to the true meaning of the faid aft; and the whole of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of King George the 5 Geo.1. c.21. Firff, intituled, (An all for the better fecuring the lawful trade of his Majeftfs fubjefts to and from the Eaft Indies, and for the more effectually preventing all his Majefty s fubjefts trading thither, under So much of foreign commifftons) ; and fo much of any aft or afts as con-any ads as tinues the faid aft of the fifth of King George the Firff; -and fo continues much of an aft of the feventh year of King George the Firff, in-and^ Geo' ^s' ^tL^ecb	°.ft	for	the	further preventing his Majejly s fubjefts

1.relates from trading to the Eaff Indies under foreign commifftons^ and for to puniiliment encouraging and further fecuring the lawful trade thereto, and for of persons ij- further regulating the pilots 0/Dover, Deal, and the ife fl/'Thanet), to^the^Eaft as re^ates to ptmifhment or profecution of persons for failing, Indies *	going, or repairing to, or trading, trafficking, or adventuring

in, to, or from the Eaft Indies, or parts aforefaid, to the prejudice of the faid united company, contrary to the laws then in being* or to the faid aft 5 and the whole of an aft made in the

ninth

 

>1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertlo GjEorgii III* c.52. 199

ninth year of King George the Firft, intituled, (An a£l to prevent 9 Geo. 1. c. j6. his Majejlf s fubjefts from fubfcribing or being concerned in encouraging'or promoting any fubfcription for an Eaft India company in the Auftrian Netherlands, and for the better fecuring the lawful trade of his Majefly' s fubjefts to and from the Eaft Indies); and fo much of an aft made in the third year of King George the Second, fa'much of intituled, (An aft for reducing the annuity or fund of the united	c'1**

Eaft India company, and for afeertaining their right of trade to the Eaft Indies, and the continuance of their corporation for that pur-pofc, upon the terms therein mentioned) ; and fo much of an aft made in the feventeenth year of King George the Second, in- of 17 Geo. 2* tituled, (An aft for granting to his Majefly the furplus or remainder	c£e"

of the^ monies arifen or to arife by the duties on fpirituous liquorSy naUy^^tiT granted by an aft of the laf fijfon of parliament^ and for explain- reference to ing and amending the faid aft in relation to the retailers of fuel) li- 7 Geo.i. c.2i. quorsy and for ejlablijhing an agreement with the united company of^n\ luiiig, &c* merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies), as refpeftively 01 le ame* creates any penalty or forfeiture, with a reference to the faid aft of the feventh of King George the Firft, for the mode of fuing, diftributing and recovering the fame ; and fo much of an aft f0 much of made in the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, (An aft ioGeo.5.c 47* for better regulating persons employed in the Jervice of the Eaft India	^

company, and for other purpofes therein mentionedas fubjefts any jn persons concerned in the illicit trade to, in, or from the Fajfl ]?aft indies to Indies therein recited, or in any trade thereby made punifhable, penalty; to any penalty Or penalties ; and alfo fo much of an aft made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, (An aft for f> much of eflablijhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs *3 ^-ovVdesfor of the Eaft India company, as well in India as in Europe), as pro- delivery of °r vides for the delivery of any letters or advices to the principal advices, to the fecretaries of ftate, or as makes it unlawful for any governor fecretaries of general, or any of the council of the prefidency of Fort IVillianl in Bengal, or any chief jufticc, or any of the judges of the fu-preme court of judicature, at Fort IVilliam aforefaid, to be concerned in any dealings or tranfaftions by way of traftick or commerce, and as makes it unlawful for any colleftor, fupervifor, or any other of his Majefty’s fubjefts employed or concerned in the collection of the revenues or the adminiftration of juftice in the provinces of Bengal, Bahary and Oriffdy or their agents or fer-vants, or any persons in truft for them, to buy any goods of commodities by way of trade in thofc provinces, and to fell again within the fame provinces, and as makes it unlawful for any of his Majefty’s fubjefts in the faid provinces to be concerned in the inland trade in fait, beetle nut, tobacco, or rice, except as therein mentioned, and as makes it unlawful for persons dil miffed from or refigning the fervice of the faid company, or for any free merchant, free mariner, or other perfon, whole covenants or agreements with the laid company (hall be expired, to be concerned in any trade or commerce in the Faf Indies, other tW* for the difpolal of his or their.ftock in	w-unout	the	licence

of the faid company, or luch governor genetal and council, or

Vot. XXXIX.	O	prudent

 

194

th£ lending money to foreign companies, See.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1799.

prefident and council, as therein are mentioned ; and fo much of fo much of the aforefaid aft made in the twenty-firft year of his prefent Ma-aiGeo.^.c (ij. jefty as prohibits any of the fervants of the faid company, or as prohibits other Britijh fubjefts in India, from lending money to any foreign company or foreign European merchants, or to purchafe goods in India for and on account of any fuch companies or merchants, or from being concerned in lending money or purchafing goods to furnifh any fuch companies or merchants, with the credit of fuch bills of exchange as are defcribed in the faid aft, or as makes provifion, by penalty or forfeiture, or otherwife, for fe-curing the foie and exclullve trade of the faid united company, in, to, and from the Eajl Indies and parts aforefaid, fubjeft as therein is mentioned, or as prohibits the court of directors of the faid company from putting a flop to any fuit or fuits, or to remit or mitigate the penalty, damages, or fatisfaftion, fought to be recovered thereby before a final judgement or decree obtained in fuch fuit or fuits ; and alfo an a61 made in the twenty-fourth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, (An aft for the better re-gulation and management of the affairs of the Eafl India company, and the Britifh poffeffions in India, and for efablifhng a court of judicature for the more fpecdy and effectual trial of perfo?is accufed of offences committed in the Eafl Indies), lave and except fo much and fuch parts of the laft-mentioned aft as relate to the debts of the nabob of Arcot or the rajah of Tanjore, or as provides for the redrefs of injuries and wrongs to any rajahs, zemindars, poly-gars, talookdars, and other native landholders within the Britifb territories in India, and except fo much and fuch parts of the fame acl as are now in farce for providing for, or which relate to or concern the new court of judicature by the faid aft efta-blifhed for the more lpeedy and effeftual trial of persons fo accufed of offences committed in the Eajl Indies, or any proceedings had or to be had by or under the authority of the faid court, and not by this aft varied or altered, and alfo except fuch parts of the faid aft as provides for the repeal of any former aft or afts; a6Ge0.3.c.i6. and alfo an act made in the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s except fo much reign, intituled, An aft to explain and amend certain provifions of as repeals ioi - an ma(le ‘tn twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majcjly, refpe fling the better regulation and management of the affairs of the Eaft India company, except fo much thereof as repeals any former act or afts; and alfo fo much of an aft made in the fame twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for the further regula-

iuOeo.^.fef a. c. 2<;. except fuch parts as relate to the debts of the nabob of Arcot, See.

as 1 fner ads $

and fo much of 26 Geo* 3.

c.57. as makes tjon 0f t^e trja] 0f perf0ns accufed of certain offences committed agamfi; the	Eff Indies, and for other the purpofes in the title of the

faid aft mentioned, as makes offences againft any law for fecur-ing fuch exclufive trade as aforefaid to the faid united company, and all forfeitures and penalties for illicitly trading or for being-in the Eafl Indies, profecutable, or makes any feizure of any {hip able in thcEaft or goods within the limits of the faid exclufive trade cognizable Indies, re- In the fu^reme court of judicature at Fort JVilli am in Bengal, or in the refpeftive mayor’s courts ot Fort Saint George and Bombay, or as relates to persons whofe licences to go to or trade or refide u	within

law far fecur-ing the exclu-live trade of the company,

See. enforce-

pealed*

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRgii III. c. 52,	195

within the limits of the faid exclufive trade fhall have ceafed arrd determined, or who fhall have been difmiiTed from or have re-figned the faid company’s* fervice, or as relates to or as makes the powers of arrefting, feizing, remitting, or fending to England, any person or persons in the Ecift Indies, or limits aforefaid, or for feizing any fhips or goods liable to feizure by the faid company, enforceable and executable by the governor general and council of Fort William in Bengal, or the prefidents and councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay refpedtively, or the other person and persons therein mentioned, fhall be and are and is hereby repealed and made void.

CXLVII. Provided always, and be it enadted and declared,

That the aforefaid repeal fhall not extend to any offence com- fences committed againft any of the flatutes hereby wholly or in part re- mitted before pealed, or matter or thing lawfully done in Great Britain refpec- parting this ti vely, by virtue of any of the fame flatutes, before the palling of this	*

acf, nor to any offence committed or to be committed in the Eajl Indies againft any of fuch flatutes, or matter or thing lawfully done or to be done there, by virtue of any of the fame flatutes refpedtively, before the commencement of this adt in India ; but that all and every fuch offences (hall and may be profecuted, and all and every fuch matter and thing fhall be held to be of the fame force, validity andeffedt refpedtively, as if this act had not been made 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-* ftanding.

CXLVIIL Provided alfo, and be it further enabled and de- nor to affedt dared, That th^ -

continue, abrid

e laid repeal fhall not extend to take away, dif- the powers ^e, or affect any of the powers or authorities p)-efent°boird

-■ ! /T* /-V *1 M	...	^

vefled by any adl or ads in the prefent board of comm i Hi oners till a new for the affairs of India, until his Majefty fhall have granted a board be ap-new commiffion, or letters patent, for conflituting a new board pointed * of commiffioners for the affairs of India, under the authority of this act; but that the faid powers and authorities fhall and may be exercifed by the faid prefent board of commiffioners, until	1

fuch new commiffion or letters patent fhall be iffued, in as large and ample manner and form as the fame might have been exercifed if this act had not been made ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXLIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted and declared, nor to atfedt That the faid repeal fhall not extend to abridge, vary, or affedt the powers any of the powers given by, or declared to be veiled in, the ^ c g board of commiffioners for the affairs of India, by two feveral and 31 Geo.* > adts, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-firft years of his Ma- c. 10. concern-jetty’s reign refpedtively, concerning the expences incurred or hig expenccs to be incurred in raifing, tranfporting, and maintaining certain ^^efi^the of his Majefly’s forces in the faid adts mentioned, for the fecu- indies, rity of the laid territories and poffeffions in India, in addition to the forces then there, but that the feveral powers and authorities by the faid two feveral acts, or either of them, given to, or declared to be vefted in the faid board of commiffioners, fhall and may be exercifed by the board of commiffioners for the affairs of

O ?.	India,

196

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georg 11 III. c.

Ads repealed not to bar actions.

0114 w‘vvmimw vv*‘v‘^ ^a^ ***•	52*	r1793-

India, to be appointed by virtue of this aft, in as large and ample manner and form as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted, or vefted in the faid board of commiflioners, by exprefs words in and by this aft 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

CL. And, for obviating any doubts which might otherwife arife • how far any of his Majejly s fubjeSis may, mtwithjlanding the afore-Jaid repeal of the faid Jeveral acts or parts of acts, be entitled to recover any debts due to them in Great Britain, or in parts beyond the /easy or otherwife to enforce the execution of anyA contracts or agreements, by rcafon of any pretext, to be fet up by any other per-fon or perfons, that fuch debts were contracted, or that fuch contrasts or agreements were made, contrary to the rejlriclions or prohibitions in the faid aSts, or fome of them, cgntained, be it further enafted, That it (hall not be competent or lawful to or for any defendant or defendants in any fuit or aftion now depending, or hereafter to be brought in any court either in Great Britain or in the Eajl Indies, to plead or fet up any aft or afts, in the whole or in part repealed by this aft, in bar of any fuch fuit-or aftion, or of any ^judgement or recovery to be obtained therein, but that the plaintiff or plaintiffs in all and every fuch fuits or actions, as well in law as in equity, fhall have the fame remedy to recover, and be entitled to the like judgement, verdict, decree, and execution as if the faid afts or parts of afts fo repealed had never been made; any aft or afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

CLI. And whereas the governor general and the other members 'of the fuprctne council of Fort William in Bengal, and the chief jujlice and other jujlices of the fupreme court of judicature at Fort William of or efaid, are at prefent the only perjons author fed by daw to a St as jujlices of the peace ivithin and throughout the provinces, diJirlSls, and countries of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa ; and the governor or prefuknt, and the other members of the council of Fort Saint George, on the coafl of Coromandel • and the governor or prejident, and the other members of the council of Bombay, are the Only persons author fed by law to a Si as jujlices of the peace in a?id for the proficiency of Fort Saint George, and the prefidency, if and, town, and faSlory of Bombay, and the places belonging and Jubor-dinate to the faid two laf-mentioned prefideneies, rcfpcSiively : and whereas, for preferving and maintaining the peace in the Jaid provinces and prefideneies aforefaid, and the places fubordinate thereto, it is expedient that a further number of perjons Jhoulcl be appointed to a SI as jujlices of the peace in and for the fame refpeSlively: be it Power given to therefore further enafted, That it (hall and maybe lawful to and ^f™or for the governor general in council of Fort William in Bengal for coundlofFort t‘ie t‘mc being, by commiflions to be from time to time iflued William, Wc. under the feal of the fupreme court of judicature there, in the to appoint	name of the King’s majelty, his heirs and fuccelfors, terted in

indices of the the name Qf the chief juftice of the faid court (which faid corn-peace.	mi {lions the faid fupreme court of judicature is hereby authoriled

and required from time to time, by any order or warrant from the faid governor general in council, to iffue accordingly) to

nominate

 

1793*3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	197

nominate and appoint fuch and fo many of the covenanted fer-vants of the faid company, or other Britijh inhabitants, as the faid governor general in council fhall think properly qualified, to abl as junices of the peace within and for the faid provinces and prefidencies, and places thereto fubordinate refpeblively, and fuch persons fhall, according to the tenor of the refpeblive com-miffions wherein they fhall be fo nominated and appointed, and by virtue thereof, and of this acl, have full power and authority to act as juilices of the peace, according to the tenor of the fame	^

commiffions, wherein they fhall be refpeblively named in and for the provinces and prefidencies q fore faid, and places fubordinate thereto refpeclively; and the faid fupreme court, upon any re-quifition in writing from the faid governor general in council, fhall and may from time to time fupercede fuch commiffions, and upon like requifition ifiue new commiffions for the purpofes aforefaid, unto the fame or fuch other of the covenanted fervants of the faid company, or other Britijh inhabitants, as fhall from time to time be fo nominated by the faid governor general in council in that behalf, all which commiffions fhall be filed of record in the refpeblive courts of oyer and terminer of the province, prefidency, or place wherein and for which the fame fhall be ilfued as aforefaid: provided always, that the persons who Such juilices fhall be fo nominated and appointed as aforefaid (hall not be not to in capable of holding any court of oyer and terminer and gaol dc- ^effierminer1, livery, nor to fit in any fuch court, unlefs the juilices of the faid unlefs called court fhall, on any particular occafion, call upon them fo to do, upon, in which cafe, and lo often as the fame fhall happen, the persons fo called upon fhall and may for that time alfociate with them, and fit as juilices of the faid court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery by virtue of this abl, and have a deliberative voice, being firll fpecially authorifed for that purpofe by order in council.

CL1I. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no No persons ca-perfon to be nominated and appointed in and by any fuch com- pable of adting million as aforefaid fhall be capable of abling as a juflice of the th/peace*till* peace in any of the faid provinces or prefidencies, until he fhall they have have taken and fubferibed in the court of oyer and terminer of taken the re-the province or prefidency for which he fhall be appointed to acl cluilite oaths, as a juflice of the peace, the like oaths as are appointed to be taken by juflices of the peace in Great Britain, or as nearly to the tenor thereof as the cafe will admit, and as fhall be approved by the faid court; the oath of qualification preferibed by an abl of the eighteenth year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft to amend and render more effeftual an aft pajfed i8Geo.^.c.ao. in the fifth year of his prejent Majejlfs reign, intituled, An acl tor the qualification of juflices of the peace, only and always excepted.

CLIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled and de- Proceedings of

dared, That all convibtions, judgements, orders, and other pro- the peace^may

ceedings, which fhall be had, made, or pronounced by or before be removed by

any juilice or juilices of the peace within any of the Briti/Jj fet- certiorari into

dements or territories in India, out of the court of oyer and ter- thc com} ot

q	over and ter-

miner

miner,



198	Anno	regni	tricesimo tertio Georgii 111. c. 52. [1793.

miner within and for the fame, fhall and may be removeable, by writ of certiorari, into the court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of and for the fame prefidency, at the inftance of any of the parties thereby affedfed or aggrieved, at any time within the fpace of fix calendar months next after the making or pronouncing thereof relpedtively ; and for that purpofe it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of the juftices of the faid court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, and fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby required, at the inftance of fuch party or parties, to grant his fiat or warrant to the keeper of the rolls of the peace, or other proper officer, to award a writ o{certiorari under the feal of the fupreme court of judicature, when the mat-, ter fhall a rife in Bengal, Bahar, or Orijfa., or, if it fhall arife in the prefidency of Fort Saint George, or in the prefidency of Bombay, or in any fettlement or place fubordinate thereto reflectively, then under the feal of the mayor’s court of the prefidency wherein the matter (hall fo arife, or to which the cognizance thereof fhall belong, for the removal and bringing of fuch convidtion, judgement, order, or other proceeding, into the faid court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery; and that the faid court of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery fhall have full power and authority to hear and determine the matter of fuch convidlion, judgement, order, and other proceeding fo removed, and to quafh or affirm the fame, fo that the fame be not quafhed for want of form, but on the merits only, and to pronounce judgement thereon, in the like manner as the court of king’s bench at JVeJl-rninjler can or may do upon convictions, judgements, orders, or other proceedings had or made by or before any juftices of the peace, or court of quarter feffions in England, removed or brought into the faid court of king's bench by writ of certiorari.

CLiy. Provided alfo, and be it enacted and declared, That before the granting of any fuch writ the like recognizances fhall be entered into, and the party or parties applying for fuch writ fhall be put under the fame terms and conditions, in all refpects, as are by law directed and provided in the cafes of writs of certiorari awarded or granted for the removal of any conviction, judgement, order, or other proceeding, had or made by or before any juftice or juftices of the peace in England, into the faid court of king's bench, or as by the ufage and practice of the fame court hath been accuftomed.

Juftices of the CLVh And be it -'further enacted, That it fhall and may be peace may lit lawful for the governor general in council of Fort William, or of the preftCl ti^e govcrnors °f Fort Saint George and Bombay, by any order to dency toVcar he made in their councils reflectively, to call any of the juftices appeals. of the peace authorifed in and by any fuch commiffion or conn millions as aforefaid, to fit and afibciate with the faid governor general in council, or governor in council, for the more fpeedy hearing and determining of caufes appealed ; and that the faid juftices fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, when fo called upon, to adt as juftices in the court of appeals accordingly, and to have and ufe deliberative voice in all proceedings upon fuch appeals,

CLVI. And

Before granting writs of certiorari, recognizance to be entered into.

Hosted by



1793 ] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	199

CLVL And whereas, by the charter of juftice under the great Charter of feed of Great Britain, hearing date the twenty fixth day of March, in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majejiys reign, for ejlablijhing I774> recited. the fupreme court of judicature of Fort William in Bengal, his Majejiy did grant, ordain, ejlablijh, and appoint, that the J'aid fupreme court of judicature fnould be a court of admiralty, with power and authority to enquire, hear, fry, examine, r/W determine, by the oaths of Britifh JiibjeCis, all treafons, murders, piracies, robberies, felonies, maimings, forejlallings, extortions, trejpajfcs, mijdemeanors, offences, cxcejfes, r?;/r/ enormities, r/W maritime cauj'cs whatfoever, tfo cording to the laws and cujloms of the admiralty of England, done^ perpetrated, or committed upon the high feas, rivers, /wr/y, creeks, harbours, and places overflown, within the ebbing and flowing of the fea and high water mark, within, about^ and throughout the provinces, countries, or diftrifts of Bengal, Bahar, Orifta, the territories or iflands adjacent thereto and dependant thereon; the cognizance ivhereof doth belong to the jurifcliflion of the admiralty, <75* the fame is ufed and exercifed in that part of Great Britain called England :	whereas	doubts	have arifen how far the jur if diction

of the faicl fupreme courts in criminal mattery, /y limitied by the J'aid charter to offences committed on the coafts of Bengal, Bahar,

Oriffa, territories or ifands refpedively, within the ebbing and flowing of the fea and high water mark: and inafmuch as it is ejfcnti-ally neceffary that the admiralty jurijeliflion of the J'aid fupreme court of judicature fhould extend to crimes and offences committed on the high feas at large: be it further enabled and declared, That the Power given power and authority of the laid court, granted to them by the ^^£^0 the faid charter of juftice, {hall extend and be extended to the high fupreme court feas, and that the faid court {hall, by force and virtue of this act, of judicature, have full power and authority to enquire, hear, try, examine, to extend to and determine, by the oaths of honeft and lawful men, being tlie ieas* Britifh fubjeefs, refident in the town of Calcutta, all treafons, murders, piracies, robberies, felonies, maimings, foreftallings, extortions, trefpafles, mi (demeanors, offences, excelfes, and enormities, and maritime caufes whatfoever, according to the laws and cuftoms of the admiralty of England, done, perpetrated, or committed upon any of the high feas, and to fine, imprifon, correct, punifii, chaftife, and reform parties guilty, and violators of the laws, in like and in as ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as the faid court might or could do if the fame were done, perpetrated, or committed within the limits preferibed by the faid charter of juftice, and not other wife, or in any other manner.

CL VIf. And whereas it is expedient that coroners floould be appointed for the fettlements in India, for taking inquefls upon view of the bodies of persons coming, or J'uppofed to have come to an untimely end: be it enacted, That the governor general in council at Prdidencies Fort William, and the governors in council at Fort Saint George	who

and Bombay, within their feveral prefidencies and governments mav excJcjfe refpe&ively, {hall have full power and authority, by orders in theYamepow-councii, from time to time to nominate and appoint fo many ers as eoro-

O 4	coroners,	Ens*

 

2CO

Anno regni tricefinio tertio Georgii III. c. 52. f 179g.

coroners, being Britifh^ Ribjefts, as they {hall refpeftively think fit, or as fhall be limited by the court of directors of the faid company, and by like orders to fuperfede and remove the persons fo appointed, as occafion may appear to require ; and that the persons fo nominated, and taking and fubfcribing, before one of the judges of the fupreme court of judicature, or one of the mayor’s courts, the like oaths as are directed to be taken by the coroners of counties in England\ fhall and may, by force of this aft, have, do, execute, perform, and exercife the like powers* authorities, and jurifdiftions, within the prefidency or fettlement for which they (hall be fo refpeftively nominated and appointed, as by law may be had, done, executed, performed, or exercifed by coroners elefted for any county or place in England, and not otherwife, or in any other manner; and that fuch coroners fhall have and be entitled unto fuch reafonable fees and allowances, for the performance of the duty of their faid office, as fhall be limited or prelcribed by the faid refpeftive governments in that behalf.

CLVIII. And whereas, by an act of the firjl year of the reign 3 Geo. 1. c.52. of his late majefly King George the Firjl, intituled, An aft for making the laws for repairing the highways more effeftual, pro-vifion ivas made for authorizing jujlices of the peace in cities and market towns, at their general or quarter fejftons, to appoint fcavengers for cleanfing and repairing the Jlreets of the fanny and to raife money by affeffmeats upon the inhabitants for defraying the expences ?Geo.3,.c. 41. thereof: and whereas, by an act pafed in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majcjly, to amend and reduce into one act the Jlatutcs for the amendment and prejervation of the publick hightvaysy it was enacted, that the faid recited att of the firft year of King George the Firjl fhould be repealed: and whereas, it is ejfentially nccef iiry for the health, as well as for the fecurity, comfort, and convenience, of the inhabitants of the toivns and factories of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, in the Eaft Indies, that the freets therein fhould be regularly and effectually cleanfeef watched, and repaired: be it therefore enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the jufrices of the peace within or for the prefidencies of Fort IVillianu Fort Saint George, and Bombay refpeftively, for the time

Juftices may appoint fca-vengers for cleanling the

ft recta of CaR being, of the major part of them, from time to time affiemblec} cutta, Ma-	at their general or quarter feffions, to appoint fcavengers for

dras, apd	cleanfing the ftreets of the faid towns or faftories of Calcutta,

may order their being watched and

and fp^dras^ aval Bombay refpeftively, and to nominate and appoint msv nr, er	perfons	as	they fhall think Rt in that behalf, and alfo to or-

der the watching and repairing of the Rreets therein as they repaired, and refpeftively fhall judge neceffiary, and for the purpofe of defray-menTs^for^* >nS exPences thereof, from time to time, to make an equal thole pur-	afleflinent or afTefiments on the owners or occupiers of houles,

poles, See.	buildings, and grounds, in the faid towns or fadlories refpeftively,

according to the true and real annual values thereof, fo that the whole of Rich affeffiment or aflellments fhall not exceed, in any pne year, the proportion of one twentieth part of the grofs an-pual yalucs thereofrefpeftivelv? unlefs gny higher rate of afleffment

fhall.

Hosted by



1793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	201

{hall, in the judgement of the governor general In council, or governor in council, of the faid refpedtive preftdencies, become eflentialfy neceflary for the clcanfing, watching, or repairing thereof, in which cafe the faid governor general in council, or governor in council, (hall and may, on any fuch urgent occafion, by order in council, author!fc a further affeffment, not exceeding in any one year the half part of the amount of the ordinary annual afTefTment herein-before limited, .and that it fhall be thereupon lawful for the faid juftices to make a further alTeftinent, according to the tenor of fuch order, and not othervvile, or in any other manner; and that all and every fuch afleftmentor affeflments fhall and may, from time to time, be levied and collected by fuch person or perfons, and in fuch manner, as the faid juftices, by their order in feftion, fhall direct and appoint in that behalf, and the money thereby raifed (hall be employed and difpofed of according to the orders and directions of the faid justices in feflion refpedtively, for and towards the repairing, watching, and cleanf-ing the faid ftreets, and for no other purpofe; and that the faid afteftments, being allowed under the hands and feals of fuch juftices, or any two or more of them, fhall and may be levied by warrant under their hands and feals, or the hands and feals of any two of them, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of any person or persons not paying the fame within eight days after demand, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the fame person or perfons, the neceflary charges of making, keeping, and felling fuch diflrefs or diftrefl.es, being firft deducted.

CLIX. And be it further enadted, That it fhall not be lawful No fpirituous for any person or persons to fell any arrack or other fpirituous |^°lns liquors within the towns or factories of Calcutta, Madras, or cutta Ma-Bombay refpedtively, without a licence for that purpofe under the dras, or Bom-hands and feals of two or more of the juftices of the peace having bay, without jurifdidtion ; and that the powers and authorities velted, by any hcence. laws or ftatutes now in force in that part of Great Britain called England, in any juftices of the peace for reftraining the inordinate fale of fpirituous liquors, fhall extend to and be put in force again ft all unlicenfed traders in lpirits or fpirituous liquors within the faid towns and factories refpedtively, by the juftices having jurifdidtion therein; and that if any queftion fhall arife touching By whom the or concerning the true limits and extent of the faid towns and fadtories, or any of them, the fame fhall be enquired into by the pr^ribed. C governor general in council at Fort JVilliam, in refpedt to the limits and extent of Calcutta, and by the governor in council of Fort Saint George, in refpedt to the limits and extent of Madras, and the governor in council at Bombay, in refpedt to the town of Bombay; and that fuch limits as the faid refpedtive governments, by order in council, fhall declare and preferibe to be the limits of the faid towns and fadfories reipedtively, fhall be held, deemed, and taken in law as the true limits of the fame; any cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

CLX. And be it further enadted, That every person who fhall Directors hereafter be elected a diredtor of the faid company fhall, within blatter ten days next after his eledtion, and before he fhall take that

office	h

Hosted by



Oath.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52. [1793*

office upon him (fave only the adminiftering the oath herein-after mentioned)^ inftead of the oaths now prefcribed to be taken by persons elected directors of the faid company, take the following oath 3 (that is to fay),

7 A,B. do fwear, that the fum of two thoufand pounds, now ** funding i?i my name, of the fock of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Ead: Indies, whereof I am elected to be a director, doth at this time belong to me in my own fight y and not in truf for any other person or persons whomfoever: and 1 do further fwear, that in cafe I fhall at any tune or times, whilf I fall continue to be a director of the faid company, have any dealings or bufnefs with the Jaid co?npany upon my own account, feparatcly or in conjunction with any other person or perfons, for or in refpeft of buying for or Jelling to the faid company any bullion or other goods what-joever, or in making any other bargain or contract whatfoever, byy toy or voith the faid company, then and in every fuch caj'ey previous to any treaty or negotiation upon fuch bufnefs or bnfneffesy I zvill declare and record the fame upon the proceedings of the court or committee ivhere the fame is to be tranfaCtedy and that I will withdraw from fuch court or committee during the dfcuff on thereof and will not return thereto until after fuch bufnefs or bufneffes fall be decided upon : and I do further fweary that I am not direftly or indirectly interefed or concerned\ as an owner or part owner, of or in any fip cr veffel which at this time is hired or freighted, or is expected to be hired or freighted to or for the ufe of the faid company; and that during the time I fall continue to be a director of the faid company, I will not become an oivner or part owner of any fip or veffel which is or fall be fo freighted, except fuch ftps or fares of fips as fhall come to me by bequef or marriage, or as next of kin of a?iy person who fall die intejlate, and that in all fuch cafes I will forthwith give notice in writing to the court of directors of the faid company of my being fo interejled; and I do hereby promife that I-will fell and difpofe of ?ny interef in fuch fipping within twelve months next after my interejl therein fall accrue, or in default thereof fall and unil vacate my place and office of a dire51 or of the faid company: and further I do fwear, that I will not direftly or indirectly accept or take any perquifte, emolument, fee, prefent, or reward, upon any account whatfoever, or any promife or engagement for any perquifte, emolu-ment, fee, prefent, or reward whatfoever, for or in refpeft of the appointment or nomination of any person or persons to any place or office in the gift or appointment of the faid company, or of me as a director thereof \ or for or on account of Rationing or appointing the voyage or voyages of any fip or fips in the faid company’s employ, or for or on account of or any ways relating to, any other bufnefs or affairs of the faid company : and I do further fwear, that I will be faithful to the faidcompany, and according to the bef of my fill and underjlanding, give my bejl advice, counfel, and affifance for the fupport of the good government of the faid company, and during my continuance in the faid company will not at any time or tunes fip, lade, fend, dire ft or caufe to be fent from England, or any other

country%

 

I793-l Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 52.	203

country, to the Eaft Indies, or other parts within the limits wherein the faid company may lawfully trade by virtue of their charter of in-corporation,	bring from thence,	my private account, tfwy goods,

coins,	other merchandizes, contrary to an aft of parliament made

in the thirty-third year of the reign of his majefiy King George the Third', intituled [here inlert the title of this act] :	I	do further

faithfully promife and fwear, that in the office of a director of the faid company, I will be indifferent and equal to all manner of perfons, and will in all things faithfully and honejlly demean myfelf according to the befl of my Jkill and underjlanding.

S* help me GOD.

which faid oath fhall be figned by the person or persons taking the fame, and fhall be adminiftered by any two of the directors of the faid company, who alfo fhall fign and atteft the fame ; and in cafe any person fo to be eledled a director of the faid company, fhall refufe or negledt to take the faid oath within the time aforefaid, his office or place, as a director of the faid company, fhall become void.

CLXI. And whereas, by an aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, intituled, An a£t 18 Geo. z. c* for repealing the prelent inland duty of four fhillings per pound and weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majefty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of excile; and for purfuing offenders out of one county into another; and by an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, 13 Geo. 3. c. intituled. An a<5t to allow a drawback of the duties of cuftoms on 44> recited. the exportation of tea to any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America; to encreafe the depolit on bohea tea to be fold at the Eafl India company’s fales, and to empower the com-miffioners of the treafury to grant licences to the Eafl India company to export tea duty-free ; every person who fhould, at any pub-lick fale of tea made by the faid united company, be declared to be the befl bidder for any lot or lots of tea, is required, within three days after being fo declared the bejl bidder or bidders for the fame, to make fuch depofits with the Jaid united company, for every tub and for every cheft of tea, as in the faid refpeftivc afts are mentioned, under and fubjeft to fuch regulations, forfeitures, penalties, and dif-abilities, as in the fame aft are mentioned: and ivhereas it is expedient to vary the time of paying the faid depofits; be it further enacted, That, from and after the commencement of this a£t, Depofits for the provifion made in the faid recited acts, with refpedt to the tea to be made time of paying the faid depofits, fhall ceafe ; and that in refpedt hereinTecifi-of all tea fold at the faid company’s fales, at any time from and e(j, inftead of after the commencement of this a£t, the faid depofits fhall be thofe directed paid at fuch times as herein-after are mentioned; (that is to fay), hy laft recited on all tea of which any person fhall be declared the beff bidder on the Monday and Auefday of each week in which any fale of tea fhall be made, the faid depofits fhall be paid at or before three of the clock in the afternoon of the Saturday then next following >

 

204 Anno regni tricesimo terdo Georgii III. c. 53* C1793-

ing; and on all tea of which any person fhall be declared the bell; bidder on the JVednefday, Thurfday, Friday, and Saturday of each week in which any fale of tea fhall be made, the faid deposits fhall be paid on or before three of the clock in the afternoon of the Tuefday then next following, under the fame terms and conditions, and fubje6t to the fame regulations, forfeitures, penalties, and difabilities, as are mentioned and contained in the laid a61 of the eighteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty. Limitation of CLXII. And be it further enadted, That all fuits and profe-tos.	cutions	for	any thing done under or by virtue of this a6t fhall be

commenced within the fpace of three years after the caufe of complaint fhall have arifen, or, being done in Great Britain, in the abfence of any person beyond lea aggrieved thereby, then within the fpace of three years next after the return of fuch person to Great Britain.

Commence-	CLXIII. And	be it further enadled, That fo much and fuch

of the Parts °f this	hi refpect whereof no particular time or times

a<5t, for which commencement is or are herein named or appointed, fhall no particular have commencement in Great Britain immediately after this act time is ap- (hall have received his Majelty’s royal afTent, and in the Eaji pointed.	Indies,	and other parts and limits aforefaid, from the firft day of

February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

CAP. LIII.

An aft to continue and amend an aft^ puffed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled? An a6t for further regulating the trade or bufinefs of pawnbrokers.—[June 3, 1793-J ’

Preamble.

-xoOeo.3.c.5 7, and

3iGeo.3.c.52

recited.

WHEREAS an all was pa Jed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An act for further regulating the trade or bufinefs of pawnbrokers ; which zvas to be 'in force for one whole year, and from thence to the end of the then next Jeffon of parliament: and whereas, by an aft pajfcd in the thirty-firjt year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, the faid aft of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly was continued for one zvhole year, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-fion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the Jaid frfl men-tioned aft fhould be continued for a further limited time (except as herein is excepted); may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena6ted ; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent the of lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-Recited a St of bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid a6t, palled 29 Geo.3. fur- in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (in-tituled, An aft for further regulating the trade or bufinej's of paiun-brokers7, fhall be, and the fame is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, for and during the further term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next fellion of parliament.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted, That fo much of the faid act as directs, that no fee or gratuity whatfoever

fhall

ther continued;

but fo much as directs that no fee fhall

 

x793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 54#	205

fhall be had, taken, or received by any juftice of the peace, or his he taken for clerk, or by any person whomfoeve'r, for any fummons or war-rant, or other proceedings whatfoever, to be granted or made by p^ied. ~ any juftice or juftices of the peace in purfuance of the faid act, final! be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enadted, That this aft fhall be a pub- Publick ad. lick aft ; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other persons whomfoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. LIV.

An aft for the encouragement and relief of friendly fodefies.—

[June 21, 1793.]

WHE REAS the protectionand encouragement of friendly	Preamble.

defies in this kingdom, for raifmg, by voluntary jubjeription of the members thereof feparate funds for the mutual relief and maintenance of the faid members in fickncfs, old age, and infirmity, is likely to be attended with very beneficial effects, by promoting the happinefs of individuals, and at the fa?ne time diminifhing the publick burthens; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may lawful to and Any number for any number of perfons, in Great Britain, to form themfelves ol: Perf°ns

J ,	n	1 1-n	•	5 r •	•	r	i	form

into, and to eltabhih one or more locicty or locieties or good themfelves fellowship, for the purpofe of raifing, from time to time, by fub- into a fociety, feriptions of the feveral members of every fuch fociety, or by vo- and raife luntary contributions, a ftock or fund for the mutual relief and maintenance of all and every the members thereof, in old age, for their mu-ficknefs, and infirmity, or for the relief of the widows and tual benefit, children of deceafed members; and to and for the feveral mem- and may make bers of each fuch fociety, or fuch number of them as fhall be no- ru^scanc* lrP‘

,	rJ ,	r	r	•	r	pofe fillc3, (ScC.

minated a committee for that purpoie, from time to time to al-femble together, and to make, ordain, and conftitute fuch proper and wholefome rules, orders, and regulations, for the better government and guidance of the fame, as to the major part of fuch. fociety, or fuch committee thereof, fo aftembled together, fhall feem meet, fo as fuch rules, orders, and regulations, lhall not be repugnant to the laws of this realm, nor any of the exprefs pro-vilions or regulations of this act, and to iinpofe and inflict fuch rcafonable fines and forfeitures upon the feveral members of any fuch fociety who fhall offend againft fuch rules, orders, or regulations, as {hall he juft and neceftary for duly enforcing the fame, to be refpeftively paid to fuch ufes, for the benefit of Inch focietv, as fuch fociety by fuch rules, orders, or regulations, fhall direct; and alfo from time to time to alter and amend Inch rules, orders,	,

and regulations as occafion fhall requiie, or to annul and repeal the fame, and to make new rules, orders, and regulations in lieu thereof, under fuch reftriftions as arc in this act contained.

II,	Pro-

 

20 6

Rules of fuch focieties to be exhibited to the juftices in quarter fef-fions, who may annul or confirm them.

Rules to be ligned by the clerk of the peace, and deposited with him.

No fociety to be within the meaning of this ad till their rules have been confirmed.

No confirmed rule to be altered but at a general meeting of the fociety, &c*

*

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54. [1793.

II.	Provided always, and be, it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch rules, orders, and regulations, with all convenient lpeed after the lame fhall be made, altered, or amended, and fo from time to time after every making, altering, or amend-*' ing thereof, fhall be exhibited in writing to the juitices of the peace aflembled at the general quarter feftions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, in and for the county, riding, divi-fion, or fhire where fuch fociety {hall be eftablifhed, and fuch rules, orders, and regulations fhall be fubjeft to the review of fuch juftices, who fliall and may, after due examination thereof, at the then, or the then next fubfequent feftion, annul and make void all fuch rules, orders, or regulations as fhall be repugnant to this aft, and fhall allow and confirm all fuch rules, orders, and regulations as fhall be conformable to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and after the confirmation thereof by fuch juftices, all fuch rules, orders, and regulations, fo confirmed, fliall be figned by the clerk of the peace at fuch feilions, and a duplicate thereof, being fir ft fairly wrote 011 parchment, fliall be depofited with the clerk of the peace at fuch feftions, to be by him filed with the rolls of the fef-iions there, without any fee to be paid for any matter or thing relating to the fame; and fuch rules, orders, and regulations, approved of and confirmed by the juftices, and filed as aforefaid, fhall be binding upon all parties during the continuance of the fame; and no fuch fociety, which fhall hereafter be eftablifhed, fliall be deemed or taken to be within the intent and meaning of this aft, until good and competent rules, orders, and regulations for the government of the fame fhall have been confirmed by the juftices, and filed as aforefaid, according to the direftions of this aft before mentioned; nor fliall any fuch fociety, which hath already been eftablifhed for the purpofe aforefaid fte, or be deemed or taken to be, within the intent and meaning of this aft, unlefs all the rules, orders, or regulations, under which fuch fociety is thereafter to be governed, fhall be exhibited and confirmed in manner aforefaid, and fhall be filed at the general quarter feftions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof to be holden in and for the county, riding, divifion, or fhire, where fuch fociety hath been eftablifhed, at fome time before or immediately next after the feaft of Saint Michael in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no rule, order, or regulation, confirmed by the juftices of the peace in manner aforefaid, fliall be altered, refeind-ed, or repealed, unlefs at a general meeting of the members of fuch fociety as aforefaid, convened by publick notice, in writing, figned by the fecretary or clerk of fuch lbciety, in purfuance of a requilition for that purpofe, by three or more of the members of fuch fociety, and publickly read at the two ufu'al meetings of fuch fociety to be held next before fuch general meeting, for the purpofe of fuch alteration or repeal, unlefs a committee of fuch members fhall have been nominated for that purpofe, in which cafe fuch committee fhall be convened in like manner, and unlefs fuch

all-1 osted by 

1793*1 Anno regni tricefnno tertio Georgii III. c. 54^	207

alteration or repeal fhall be made with the concurrence and approbation of three-fourths of the members of fuch fociety then and there prefent, or by the like proportion of fuch committee as aforefaid, if any (hall havp4>een nominated for that purpofe; and Alterations of

fuch alteration or repeal/fhall be fubjedl to the review of the juf-

c ,	\	'	r	rr	'	c	^	^	J	i	fubietft to the

tices at fuch general quarter leffions of the peace, or at any ad- revjew the

journment thereof, as aforefaid, and fhall be filed in the manner quarter ftf-

herein-before directed; and that no fuch rule, order, or regulation fions.

fhall be binding, or have any force or effect, until the fame fhall

have been agreed to and confirmed by fuch juftices, and filed as

aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Society may every fuch fociety fhall and may, from time to time, at any of ^s°int 0 l" their general meetings, or by their committee, if any fuch fhall be appointed for that fociety, eledf and appoint fuch persons into the office of iteward, prefident, warden, treafurer, or truftee of fuch fociety as they fhall think proper, and alfo fhall and may from time to time eledb and appoint fuch clerks and other officers as fhall be deemed neceflary to carry into execution the purpofes of fuch inftitution, for fuch fpace of time, and for fuch purpofes, as fhall be fixed and eftablifhed by the rules and regulations of fuch fociety, and from time to'time to eledt and appoint others in the room of thofe who fhall vacate or die; and fuch treafurer or trea- Securities to furers, truflee or truftees, and all and every other officer or of- he given for ficers, or other persons whatever, who fhall be appointed to any officc in anywifo touching or concerning the receipt, manage- qUired. mcnt, or expenditure of any Turn or fums of money collected for the purpofe of any fuch fociety, before he or they fhall be admitted to take upon him or them the execution of any fuch office • or truft, fhall (if required fo to do by the rules or regulations of j	*

fuch fociety to wHTcfi"fu'Ch officers fKall belong) become bound ; with'two (ufficient lure ties for the juft and faithful execution of l fuch -office or truft, and for rendering a juft and true account, ; according to the rules, orders, and regulations of fuch fociety, 1 and in all matters lawful to pay obedience to the fame, in luch penal fum or fums of money as by the major part of fuch lociety, at any fuch meeting as aforefaid, fhall be thought expedient, and to the fatisfaction of fuch fociety; and that every fuch Treafurers or bond or bonds to be given by or on the behalf of fuch treafurer truftees to or treafurers, truftee or truftees, fhall be given to the clerk of th^ckrk the peace of the county, riding, divilion, or fliire, where fuch fo- the peace; ciety fhall be eftablifhed for the time being, without fee or reward; and in cafe of forfeiture, it final 1 be lawful to fue upon fuch bond in the name of the clerk of the peace for the time being, for the ufe of the faid fociety; and every fuch bond or bonds and other per^ to be given by any other person or persons appointed to any fuch fens to the other office or truft as aforefaid, fhall be given to the treafurer or	or

treafurers, truftee or truftees as aforefaid, of fuch fociety for the time being, to be by him or them refpectively profecuted for any forfeiture thereof, and for the ufe of luch fociety to which fuch officer or officers fhall belong; and no bond or other fecurity to

be

Hosted by



Anno regni tricesimo teftio GeoRGH III. c. 54, [1793.

be given to or on account of any fuch fociety, or in purfuance o^ this act, fhall be charged or changeable with any ftamp duty whatever.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

Powers of ftanding com mittees to be declared in the rules of the fociety, and of parti-

208

Bonds not chargeable with ft amp duty.

Appointment

of committees, every fuch fociety {hall and may, from time to time, elect and appoint any number of the members of fuch fociety, not lels than eleven, to be a committee, and fhall and may delegate to fuch committee all or any of the powers given by this aft to be executed ; who being fo delegated fhall continue to ad as fuch committee for and during fuch time as they (hall be appointed ; and in all cafes where a (landing Committee (hall be appointed for fuch fociety, for general purpofes, the powers of fuch committee (hall be firft declared in and by the rules, orders, and regulations of fuch fociety, confirmed by the juftices of the peace at their ief-fions, and filed in the manner herein-bcfore directed; and in all

teredina^book" ca**es w^ere a committee fhall be appointed for any particular eie ma oo-* pUrp0pe or pUrp0fes^ the powers delegated to fuch committee fhall

be reduced into writing, and entered into a book by the fecretary or clerk of fuch fociety, and five of the members of fuch committee, at leaft, fhall at all times be neceftary to concur in any aft of fuch committee, and fuch committee fhall, in all things delegated to them, aft for and in the name of fuch fociety; and all afts and orders of fuch committee, under the powers delegated to them, fhall have the like force and effeft as the afts and orders of fuch fociety, at any general meeting thereof, could or might have had in purfuance of this aft : provided always, that the tranf-aftions of fuch committee fhall be from time to time, and at all times, fubjeft and liable to the review, allowance or difallowance, and controul, of fuch fociety, in fuch manner and form as fuch fociety fhall by their general rules, orders, and regulations, confirmed by the juftices, and filed as aforefaid, have direfted and appointed, or fhall in like manner direft and appoint.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees, for the time being, of any fuch fociety, and he and they is and are hereby authorifed and required from time to time, by and with the confent of fuch fociety, to be had and teftified in fuch manner as fhall be direfted by the general rules and orders of fuch fociety, to lay out or difpofe of fuch part of all fuch fums of money as fhall at any time be collected, given, or paid to and for the beneficial ends, intents, and purpofes of fuch fociety, as the exigencies of fuch fociety fliall not call for the immediate application or expenditure of, either on private fecurities, to be approved of as aforefaid (fuch fecurities to be taken in the name or names of fuch treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees, for the time being), or to inveft the fame in the publick flocks or funds, in the proper name or names of fuch treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees, and from time to time, with fuch confent as aforefaid, to alter and transfer fuch fecurities and funds, and to make fale thereof refpeftively.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

all

Committees controulable by fociety.

Treafurers or truftees to lay out furplus or contributions,

 

1793 ] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54.

209

all the dividends, inters ft:, and proceeds which (hall from time to 2nd to bring time-arife from the monies fo laid out or invefted as afore fa id, to\ccouut^S fhall, from time to time, be brought to account by fuch treafurer for the ufe of or treafurers, truftee or truftees,. and (hall be applied to and for the fociety. the ufe of fuch focicty, according to the rules, orders, and regulations thereof.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafled by the authority a Fore hi id, That the treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truf- Treafurers, tees, for the time being, and all other officers of any fuch fociety, &c. to render who fhall have or receive any part of the monies, effects, or funds

of fuch fociety, or Ihall in manner have been or Ihall be entrufted with the difpofition, management, or cuftody thereof, or of any fecurities relating to the fame, his, her, and their executors, ad-mini lira tors, and affigns refpeclively, (hall, upon demand made, in purfuance of any order by fuch fociety or committee to be appointed as aforefaid for that purpofe, give in his or their account or accounts, at a general meeting of any fuch fociety, or to fuch -committee thereof as aforefaid, to be examined, and allowed or difallowea, and Ihall, on the like demand, pay over all the monies remaining in his or their hands, and affign and transfer or deliver all fecurities, effedts, or funds taken or (landing in his or their name or names as aforefaid, or being in his cr their hands or cuftody, to the treafurer or treafurers, cr' truftee or truftees, for the time being, or to fuch person or persons as fuch fociety fhall appoint; and in cafe of any neglect or re fu fa I to deliver fuch ^ca**e account, or to pay over fuch monies, or to affign, transfer, or Nation rrriv^e deliver fuch fecurities or funds in manner aforefaid, it Ihall and made to the may.be lawful to and for every fuch lbciety, in the name of the court of treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees thereof, as the cafe may chancery, See* be, to exhibit a petition in the high court of chancery, or the court of exchequer, in England, or the court of feffion in Scotland, or the courts of great feffions in Wales -reflectively, who Ihall and may proceed thereupon in a fummary way, and make fuch order therein, upon hearing all parties concerned, as to Fuch court in their dilcretion ihall feem juft; and all alignments and transfers made in purfuance of fuch order Ihall be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, That No fee to be

no fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatfoever, (hail be de-	For	any

mand.ed, taken, or received by any officer, or rainifter of fuch f]^courts ^ court, for any matter or thing done in fuch court in purfuance of See.	?

this a£i; and that upon the prefenting of any fuch petition, it

fhall be lawful for the lord high chancellor, the mafter of the rolls, and barons of the exchequer, refpecftively, in England, or the lords of feffion in Scotland, or the judges of any of the courts of great feffions in Wales, to affign counfel learned in the law, and to appoint a clerk of fuch court to advife and carry on fuch petition on the behalf of fuch fociety, who are hereby refpednvely required to do their duties therein without fee or reward; and that no fuch proceedings in fuch court, in purfuance of this adl, fhall be chargeable with any ftamp duty.

Vql. XXXIX.	V	X.	And'

2io	Anno	regni	tricesimo tertio Georgii IIL c. 54. [1793.

Executors,&c. X. And be it further enabled by the authority, aforefaid, That ^ any person appointed to any office by any fuch fociety, and ties before any being entrufted with or having in his hands or pofleffion any other debts, monies or effects belonging to fuch fociety, or any fecurities relating to the fame, fhall die, or become a bankrupt, or insolvent, his executors or adminiflrators, affignee or afiignees, fhall, within forty days after demand made bv the order of any fuch fociety, or the major part of them afTembled at any meeting thereof, deliver over all things belonging to fuch fociety, to fuch person or persons as fuch fociety fhall appoint, and fhall pay, out of the afTcts or effects of fuch perfon, all fums of money remaining due, which fuch person received by virtue of his faid office, before any of his other debts are paid or fatished ; and all fuch abets and effedfs dial accordingly,

XL And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, That all monies, goods, chattels, flocks, annuities, and other tranf-ferrable fecurities and effedls whatever, belonging to fuch fociety, trufteesforthe be ve^e(^ *n the treasurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees, time being, for the time being, for the ufe and benefit of fuch fociety, and whomaybring from and after the death or removal of any treafurer or treafurers,

ding treafurer or trea-

be bound to the payment and difeharge thereof

Effe&s of fo-cieties to be vetted in the

and defend actions, &c*

truftee or truftees, fhall veil in the fucce:

furers, truflce or truftees, for the fame eftates and interefts as he or they then had therein, and fubjedl to the fame trufl, without any affignment or transfer whatever ; and alfo fhall, for all pur-pofes of adlion or fuit, as well criminal as civil, in law or in equity, in anywife touching or concerning the fame, be deemed and be taken to be, and fhall in every fuch proceeding (where neceftary) be Rated to be the property of the person or persons appointed to the office of treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees (as the cafe may be) of fuch fociety for the time being, in his, her, or their proper name or names; and fuch person or persons fo appointed fhall, and they are hereby refpedlively au-thorifed to bring or defend, or caufe to be brought or defended, any a£tion, fuit, or profecution, criminal as well as civil, touching or concerning fuch monies, goods or chattels, or effects, of or belonging to fuch fociety ■, and fuch person or persons fo appointed fhall and may, in all cafes concerning the property of fuch fociety, fue and be fued, plead and he impleaded, in his or their proper name or names, without othef defeription ; and no fuch fuit, action, or profecution fhall be difeontinued or abate by the death or removal of fuch person or persons from the faid office of treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees aforefaid, but the fame fhall and may be proceeded in by the fucceeding treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees, in the proper name or names of the person or persons commencing the fame; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch fociety fo to be eftablifhed as aforefaid, before

jurpole ot any of the rules, orders, or regulations thereof fhall be confirmed tlieir eftablifh- , J .	. n. /	,	9	®	r	«. j i\ n •

Societies to declare the purpofe of

ment &c. be* by the juftices in the manner herein-before directed, fhall, in or

by

Googl

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54-

by one or more of the general rules, orders, or regulations to be fore the con-confirmed by fuch juftices, declare all and every the intents and	r*ules°by

purpofes for which luch fociety is intended to be eftablilhed ; and the quarter (hall alfo, in and by fuch rules, orders, and regulations, diredd fdTions; all and every the ufes and purpofes to which the money, which ihall from time to time be fubfcribed, paid, or given to, or for the ufe or benefit of fuch fociety, or which ihall arife therefrom, or in any wife belonging to fuch fociety, fhall be appropriated and applied, and in what, fharcs and pioportions, and under what circumstances, any member of fuch Lciety, or other perfon, fhall or may become entitled to the fame, or any part thereof; and which application ihall not in any wife be repugnant to the ufes, intents, and purpofes of fuch fociety, or any of them, fo to be declared as aforefaid ; and all fuch rules, orders, or regulations, during the continuance of the fame, Ihall be complied with and enforced ; and the monies fo fubfcribed, paid, or given, and may Infli<?fc or fo arifing to or for the ufe or benefit of fuch fociety, or be- P^ahy i°r^ < longing thereto, fhail not be diverted or rni(applied, either by ^money^01* the treafurer or treafurers, truficee or truffees, or any other officer or officers of fuch fociety entruffed therewith, under fuch penalty or forfeiture as fuch fociety (hall by any general rule, order, or regulation, impofe and inflict for fuch offence ; and The confent,

that it (hall not be lawful for any fuch fociety, by any rule, or- ^fcefTary tor i	,	.	\	J I -r	i-r	diiTolutioii of

der, or regulation, at any general meeting or otherwiie, to ail- f0Cietics.

folve or determine fuch fociety, fo long as the intents or purpofes declared by fuch fociety, or any of them, remain to be carried into effect, without the confent and approbation of five fixths of the then exiffing members of fuch fociety, and alfo of all persons then receiving, or then entitled to receive, relief from fuch fociety, either on account of iicknefs, age, or infirmity, to be teftified under their hands, individually and refpe.dlively; nor Stock not di-fhall it be lawful for fuch fociety, by any rule, order, or regu- vifible but for lation, to direct the divifion or diffribution of fuch (lock or fund, ^ie SePera]

,	n , r	,	1	r	r	?	DUrDOleS OI ttlC

or any part thereof, to or amongit the leveral members of fuen fociety. fociety, other than for carrying into erredd the general intents and purpoles of fuch fociety declared by them, and confirmed by the juftices of the peace as aforefaid, according to the directions of this add, but that all fuch rules, orders, or regulations for the diflblution or detei mination of any fuch fociety, without fuch confent as aforefaid, or for the diffribution or divifion of the (lock or fund of fuch fociety, contrary to the rules, orders, and regulations which fhall have been confirmed by the laid juftices at their feffions, and filed in purfuance of this add, (hall be void and of none effedt.

XIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Rules to be That all the rules, orders, and regulations, from time to time entered In to a made, ordained, and conffituted by any fuch fociety, in the manner directed by this add, (hall be forthwith entered into books to be kept by one or more of the members of fuch fociety, to be appointed for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the faid members, and (hall at all feafonable times be open for the infpec-

P 2	tion

book, and re-.	ceived	in	evi-

a book or dtlK. cYC.

 

Societies may receive donations.

Proceedings, where members think themfelves aggrieved.

tion of any member of fucb fociety ; and fuch rules, orders, and regulations fo entered and figned, fhall be deemed original orders, and (hall be received in evidence as fuch in all difptftes and in all trials before any court in this kingdom ; and that no certiorari fliall be brought or allowed to remove any of the rules, orders, or regulations of any fuch fociety, made in purfuance of this aft, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfter.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it fliall and may. be lawful for any fuch fociety to receive donations of any person or perfons, towards the fupply of their flock or fund, and all fuch fums fliall be applicable to the general purpofes of fuch fociety,- in (he like manner as the contributions of the feveral members of fuch fociety are or fliall be direfted to be applied in purfuance of 'this aft, and (hall not be applied in any other manner.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid> That if any person having been admitted a member of any fuch fociety eftablifhed by virtue of this aft, fliall think himfelf aggrieved by any aft, matter, or thing done or omitted to be done by any fuch fociety, or any person or persons aft mg under them, it fliall and may be lawful for any two or more juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifton, or fliire, where, or near unto the place where fuch fociety fliall be eftablifhed, on complaint made upon oath or affirmation by or on the behalf of fuch person (which oath or affirmation fuch juftices of the peace are hereb)r empowered and required to adminifter), to iffiue their fummons to the presidents, wardens, ftewards, or other principal officers of fuch fociety, by whatever name fuch. principal officers fhall be refpeftively named or called, or one of them, in cafe fuch complaint fliall be made againft fuch fociety colleftively; and in cafe fuch complaint fliall be made againft any person or persons appointed to .fuch office or offices, then to fummon fuch person or persons to appear before fuch juftices at a convenient time and place, to be refpeftively named in fuch fummons; and alfo to fummon at the fame time and place, if there fliall be oc-cafion, all fuch persons as fhall appear to fuch juftices to have the cuftody of the rules, orders, and regulations of fuch fociety, and fuch juftices, at the time and place namectin fuch fummons, whether the person or persons fo fummoned fhall or fliall not appear according to fuch fummons, neverthelefs, on proof upon oath or affirmation of fuch fummons being duly ferved, or left at his, her, or their ufual place or places of abode, fhall proceed peremptorily to hear and determine, in a fummary way, the matter of fuch complaint according to the true purport and meaning of the rules, orders, and regulations of fuch fociety, confirmed by the juftices according to the direftions of this aft, and fnali make fuch order therein as to them fhall feem juft; and every fuch order, of fuch juftices fhall be complied with, and fhall be final to all intents and purpofes, and fliall not be fubjeft to appeal, or to be removed or removeable into apy of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wcjhnhijhr.

XVI. PrO-

Hosted by



1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54*	2I3

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the au- Wheregeneral thority aforefaid,* That if provifion fhall be made by one or more ^fp^te^tobe of the general rules or orders of any fuch foqiety, and confirmed fettled by ar-as required by this a<5t, for a reference by arbitration of any bitration, the matter in difpute between any fuch fociety, or any person or ^^trators^ persons acting under them, and any individual members thereof, £na^

the matter fo in difpute fhall be referred to fuch arbitrators as (hall be named and elected in fuch manner as (hall be prefcribed by fuch general rules or orders ; and whatever award, order, or determination fhall be made by the laid arbitrators, or the major part of them, according to the true purport and meaning of the rules and orders of fuch fociety, confirmed by the judices according to the directions of this act, fhall be binding and con-clufive on all parties, and fhall be final to all intents and pur-pofes, without appeal, being fubjeCt to the controul of two or more jufiices of the peace in the manner herein-before prefcribed.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, No member of That no member of any fociety to be efiabl fined in purlumce of fociety, pro-this aCt, who (hall inhabit or refide in any parifh, townfhip, or tificate'there' place, not having a legal fettlement there, or who fhall come to 0f, to be rer inhabit or refide there, and fhall deliver to the churchwardens or moveable till overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, or to a&ually

any or either of them, a certificate, under the hands of the a	e

ftewards, prefidents, wardens, or treafurers of fuch fociety, or any two of them, for the time being, to be attefied bygone or more credible witnefs or witnefies, thereby acknowledging the person mentioned in fuch certificate to be a member of fuch fociety, fhall, during the time fuch person fhall continue to be fuch member thereof, be" removeab.'e from any parifh, townfhip, or place where any fuch certificate hath been delivered as aforefaid, to the place of his or her lad; legal fettlement, by virtue of any law now in be*ing relative to the fettlement of the poor, until fuch person fhall become actually chargeable to fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, or fhall be forced to afk relief for himfelf or herfelf, or for his or her family, or for fome part thereof, of the parifh, townfhip, or place, to which fuch certificate was delivered as aforefaid, and that then, and not before, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch perfon, together with his or her family, not having otherwife acquired a legal fettlement there, to be removed and conveyed to the lafl legal place of fettlement of fuch person as aforefaid, according to the laws now in being relating to the fettlement of the poor,

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That How certifi-every fuch certificate fhall exprefs the place and places of abode refpedfiively of the persons Jigning and attefiing the .fame ; and

that one of the witnefies attefiing the fame fhall make oath before a juftice of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, fhire, liberty, borough, town corporate, or place where fuch fociety (ball be eftablifhed, (which oath fuih jufiice of the peace is hereby authorifed and required to admiuifier), that fuch witnefs

F 3	did

214

mcntj &c.

Armo regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54. [1793.

did fee the persons whofe names are thereunto fet$ feverally fign the faid certificate, and that the name or names of fuch witnefs or witneffes is or are of his or their own proper hand writing, which faid juftice of the peace (hall alfo certify that fuch oath was made before him ; and every fuch certificate fo made, and oath of the execution thereof fo certified by the faid juftice of the peace, fhall be taken, deemed, and allowed in all courts whatsoever as duly and fully proved, and fhall be taken and received as evidence without other proof thereof.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the au-On complaint thority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful, upon com-of parifh offi- plaint made by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of cers^ jufbces any parifh, townfhip, or place, where fuch certificate Shall be ^erl'onsabring- delivered, to any juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, jug certifi- riding, divifion, or (hire, or of the city, borough, town corpo-catts, to be rate, or place where any fuch pepfon as aforefaid fhall inhabit or maH oat^of* re^e’ or come t0 inhabit or refide, under the authority of this their "fettle-	a(^c? f°r fuch j u ftice or juftices of the peace to caufe any fuch

perfon mentioned in fuch certificate as aforefaid to be fummoned before him or them, in the divifion or place where fuch person fhall fo refide, or come to refide, in order to be examined, and to make oath touching the place of his or her laft legal fettle-ment, (which examination upon oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to take), and every fuch person fo fummoned is hereby diredled and required to obey fuch fummons, and to make cath accordingly; and fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby refpedtively required to give an at-tefted copy of fuch examination, fo taken before him or them, to the person making the fame, to be by him or her, or any person on his or her behalf, at any time afterwards, produced before any fuch of his Majefly’s juftices of the peace as aforefaid, before whom fuch person fhall be again fummoned to make oath as aforefaid ; and that in cafe any fuch person fhall be fo again fummoned, then, on the production of fuch attefted copy as aforefaid, fuch person fhall not be compelled or required to take any other or further oath with regard to any of the matters contained in fuch examination, but fuch person fhall, it required, permit a copy thereof to be taken for fuch laft-mentioned juftice or juftices of the peace.

XX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Cerhre, by an qfhat it fhall and may be lawful for any two or more of the <ic 1 U1 wr,t" juftices of the peace as aforefaid, who fhall have taken fuch examination as aforefaid, or before whom fuch attefted copy of fuch examination fhall be produced, at the requeft of fuch churchwardens and overfeers of the poor as aforefaid, by an order in writing under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of fuch juftices, to adjudge and declare the place of the laft legal fettlement of any fuch perfon, having been fo examined on oath as aforefaid, or of fuch of his or her family as fhall refide in fuch parifh,

authority of this adt, without bluing

any

Copies of examinations to be given the pr.rties, which fhall exempt them from future examination.

Juftices may

ing, the place tv .fettlement of persons fo ex* n lined, without i(Tiling warrant for removal.

townfiiioj or place under the

 

215

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54.

any warrant to remove fuch perfon, or his or her family as afore-faid, to fuch place of his, her, or their iaft legal fettlement, and that a duplicate of every fuch order fhall be tranfmitted to the general quarter feffions of the peace to be holden next after the expiration of twenty days from the time of making thereof, for the county, riding, divifion, or {hire, where fuch person fhall fo - refide, to be filed amongft the records of the faid court; and Copies of fuch that a copy of every fuch order, to be attefted by one or more orders and of credible vvitnefs or witneffes, or a duplicate thereof, together to hT^tunied with an attefted copy of fuch examination to be annexed to fuch to the copy of fuch order, or duplicate thereof, fhall be delivered to the officers of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the parilh, townfhip, place of fettle* or place, in which the person mentioned in fuch order (hall be ment? adjudged to be laft legally fettled as aforeftid, or to any or either of them, at leaft fifteen days before the firft day of holding fuch feffions; and that upon due proof to be made on path of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes before the juftices of the peace at fuch feffions, of the delivery of fuch copy, or duplicate, with fuch examination annexed thereto as afore faid, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid juftices of the peace at fuch feffions, and they are hereby required, to direct every fuch order to be filed amongft the records of the faid court; and that every fuch order fo filed (hall be final and conclufive in afeertaining and determining the place of the laft legal fettlement of the person or per-fons named in fuch order, unlcfs the fame fhall be appealed againft within the time herein-after mentioned.

XXL Provided always, and be it further enafled by the authority a fore faid. That all perfons, who fhall think themfelves persons ag-aggrieved by any fuch adjudication of the faid juftices may appeal grieved by ad-to the general quarter fe(lions of the peace to be holden next after judication of the expiration of fifteen days from the time of the delivery of app^Hc^thc fuch copy or duplicate as aforefaid, for the county, riding, di- quarter fef- -vifion, or (hire where fuch order was made ; and the joffices of fioas, Scc. the peace at fuch fefiions fhall and may receive fuch appeal, and proceed to hear and determine the merits of fuch appeal, in like manner, with the fame efFetSI, and under the like rules, as if the person or persons mentioned in fuch order had been by warrant of two juftices actually removed to the place where he, file, or they were 1 ait legally fettled, under and by virtue of any law in being, before and at the time of the making of this act, and may award the like cuffs on fuch appeal as may be awarded on appeals from orders of removals of poor perlbns by any ffatute or ifatutes iiow in force, to be recovered in like manner as colls awarded under the authority of fuch ffatute or ftatutes.

XXII.	And be it further enaefed by the authority aforefaid, ^ person That no member of any fuch fociety, who fhall refide in any wh0 fhall re-parifh, townfhip, or place under and by virtue of this acf, ft vail tide in any have or be deemed to have acquired any fettlement in fuch parifti, p\^i(hitn<1 er townfhip, or place, by delivery and publication of any notice in [hereby ac-wrfting, unlds the fame fhall be made after fuch person fhall qUire I fettle-

P 4	ccafe	ment;

nor for paying rates ;

nor any ap-♦pivntiee oriel'-vant to iuch perfons.

Baftards to have the mo* trier's icttle-Inent.

ceafe to be a member of fuch fociety, and after the revocation of his or her certificate herein-before mentioned.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That no member of any fuch fociety who lhall refidc as aforefaid, under the authority of this a61, and fhali be taxed, rated, or afTeffed towards any of the rates, taxes, or levies of the parifh, townfhip, or place, where fuch member fhali fo refidc, and (hall dulypay the fame, fhali be deemed or taken thereby to have any legal fettlement in fuch parilh, townfhip, or place ; any law to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no person who fhalPbe an apprentice, bound by indenture to, or fhali be a hired fervant to or with any person who did come into or fhali.relide in any parifh, townfhip, or place, under

4	the authority of this a<ft, and not afterwards having gained a legal fettlement in fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, fhali gain or be adjudged to have any fettlement in fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, by reafon of fuch apprenticefhip or binding, or by reafon. of fuch hiring or ferving therein'; but all fuch apprentices and fervants fhali have their fettlements in fuch parifh, townfhip or place, as if they had not been bound, or had not been hired to fuch person as aforefaid ; any a6t or a£ts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.	And be it further enabled, That every child which -fhali be born a baflard in any parifh, townfhip, or place, during the mother’s refidence therein, under the authority of this a£1, fhali have and be deemed to have the fame fettlement which the mother has or is entitled unto at the time of the birth of fuch child 5 any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith-

ftanding.

Charges oF XXVI. And he it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, maintaining or That when any overfeer or overfeers of the poor of any pariih, cle^tTiTn 'er^'' tov/n^*p? or place, fhali have been put to any charge in the this to be maintaining any person or perfons, or their families, redding in reimburied by fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, under the authority of this a6l, tne parilh to 0r in removing any person or persons back to the place to which he, fhe, or they (hall belong, after he, fhe, or they lhall have pa.01.g. |3ecome a{yj-lia]]y chargeable, or afked relief as afordaid, fuch overfeers fhali from time to time be reimburfed fuch reasonable cha-ges by the overfeers of the poor of the parifh, tovvmhip, or place, to which fuch person or persons (hall belong, the laid charges being fir ft alcertained and allowed of by one or more of his Majefty's juftices of the peace rending near the place where luch charges fhali be incurred $ to be levied, in cafe cf rcfufal of payment, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and' chattels of fuch overfeers of the poor as laft aforefaid, by warrant or warrants, under the hand and feal or hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices, returning the overplus, if any there be ; which warrant or warrants he or they is and are hereoy required to grant. Publivkacl. XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

■ ' That

 

That this a£fc fhall be deemed a publick a£f; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other persons whomfoever, without the fame being Specially pleaded.

CAP. LV.

An a ft to author ife jujlices of the peace to impofe fines upon confables, overfeers, and other peace or parifn officers, for negleft of duty, and on mafters of apprentices for ill ufage offuch their apprentices, and alfo to make provifon for the execution of zvarrants of difrefs granted by magifirates.—\f\ix\z 21, 1793*]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give further powers to jufices Preamble.

of the peace to impofe fines upon overfeers of the poor, con-fables, and other peace and parifh officers, within their refpeftive jurifliftions, for negleft of duty in fuch their refpeftive offices, or for difobedience of the warrants or orders of fuch jufices; and it is alfo expedient to impower jufices to impofe fines upon mafiers of apprentices for ill ufage of fuch their apprentices, and alfo to make provifon for the execution of warrants of difrefs granted by magif rates * may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for any two or more Juftices may

of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, aflembled at any fpecia] or imPofe hnes

^ j j j	t	/	*	uoon conita- 1

petty feflions of the peace, upon complaint being made upon &c> for

oath before them, of any negledf of duty, or of any difobedience negledt of • of any lawful warrant or order of any j office or juftices of the duty, and on peace by any conftable, overfeer of the poor, or other peace or	^

pariih officer, or upon complaint made to fuch two or more juf- p^nticcsT' tices upon oath, by or on the behalf of any apprentice to any trade or bufinefs whatfoever, whether bound apprentice by any parifh or townfhip or otherwife, provided that not more than the fum of ten pounds be paid upon the binding of fuch apprentice, againft his or her mafter or miftrefs, of any ill ufage of fuch apprentice by fuch mafter or miftrefs (fuch conftable, overfeer, or other officer, mafter or miftrefs, having been duly fummoned to appear and anl'wer fuch charge or complaint), to impofe upon conviction any realonable fine or fines, not exceeding the fum of forty (hillings, upon fuch conftable, overfeer, or other officer, mafter or miftrefs refpeditvely, as a punifhment for fuch difobedience, negledf of duty, or ill ufage, and by warrant under the hands and teals of any two or more of fuch juftices aflembied, at any fuch fpecial or petty feflions as aforefaid, to diredl fuch fine or fines, if not paid, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons to offending, rendering the overplus (if any) after deducting the amount of fuch fine or fines, and the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, to fuch offender or offenders; and fuch fine or fines which may be impofed upon Application of any fuch conftable, overfeer, or other officer as aforefaid, (ball hues, be applied and difpofed of for the relief of the poor of the pariih,

townfhip,

Hosted by



Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-fions.

For want of diftrefs, offenders may be committed.

No persons to be deemed trefpafiers on account of

&c,

218 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. [1793.

townfhip, or place, where the offenders (hall refpeeftively re fide, at the diferetion of the juftices impofing the fame, and fuch fine or fines, which may be impofed upon any fuch mafter or miftrefs, (hall, at the diferetion of the juftices impofing the fame, be either fo applied and difpofed of as aforefaid, or be otherwife paid and applied to or for the ufe and benefit of fuch apprentice, for or towards a recompence or compenfation for the injury which may have been by him or her fuftained by reafon of fuch ill ufage as aforefaid ; and if any person (hall be aggrieved by the impofi-tion of fuch fine or fines as aforefaid, or by any order or warrant of diftrefs for raifing and levying the fame, or by the judgement or determination of the faid juftices, or by any a£f to be done in the execution of fuch warrant of diftrefs, fuch person or persons fo aggrieved (hall and may appeal to the next general or quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, or divifion, within which fuch person (hall refide, of which appeal ten days notice at the leaft fhall be given ; and for want of fuch diftrefs, fuch person or persons fhall be committed to the houfe of correction for any fpace of time not exceeding ten days.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person adting under any fuch warrant of diftrefs as aforefaid fhall be deemed a trefpaffer ab initio, by reafon of any irregularity or in-

irregularity in formality in fuch warrant, or in any proceedings thereon, but proceedings, any person aggrieved by the iffiiing or execution of fuch warrant may recover the fpecial damages thereby by him or her fuftained, in an adtion of trefpafs, or on the cafe, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record.

III.	And whereas warrants of diftrefs granted by juftices of the peace are in ?nany infances ineffectual^ by reafon of the goods and chat-> tels of the persons againji whom fuch warrants are granted being out of the jurifdiftion jf the juftice grayiting the fame: be it therefore further enadfed, That in all cafes where any penalty, forfeiture, fine, or other money, may by the warrant of any juftice or juftices of the peace be diredled to be levied by diftrefs and fale of

tionofjuftices the goods and chattels of any person or perfons, if fufficient dif-granting war- trefs cannot be found within the limits of the jurifdi&ion of the beT’ied?*7 Ju^ce grant^ng fuch warrant of diftrefs, on oath thereof made by e evie in one witnefs, before any juftice of the peace of any other county, riding, divifion, city, borough, town corporate, or place (which oath fhall be by him certified by indorlement on fuch warrant), fuch penalty, forfeiture, fine, or other money, or fo much thereof as may not have been before levied or paid, fhall and may, by virtue of fuch warrant and indorfement, be raifed and levied by the person or persons to whom fuch warrant of diftrefs fhall have been originally directed, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch person or perfons, in fuch other county, riding, divifion, city, borough, town corporate, or place; and the money arifing by fuch diftrefs and fale fhall be applied and difpofed of for fuch purpofes, and in like manner, as if fufficient goods and chattels of fuch person or persons had been found within the jurifdic-tion of the magiftrate originally granting fuch warrant; and if

no

Where diftrefs cannot be found in the jurifdic

any other place.

,  

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56.	219

no fuch diftrefs can be found, fuch offender or offenders fhall and Juftices au-

may be forthwith proceeded aeainfl according to law: provided thorifing the j	r	o	*	execution

always, That no juftice who fhall indorfe any certificate upon, or of warrants

authorife the execution of any fuch warrant of diftrefs which may not granted

not have been granted within his jurifdiftion, fhall be anfwerable within their

or accountable for any irregularity which may have been com- Jurilhi<aions,

,	,	.	/	,	I	.	J . rru	not td be an-

mitted or done in or about the obtaining or granting or luch war- fwerable for

rant of diftrefs.	any irregula-

rity in obtain-

CAP. LVI.	ingthem.

An aft to amend an aft, made in the laft fejjion of parliament, intituled, An aft for regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the exportation of fugar, and for permitting the importation of fugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Ifands, in foreign fhips ; and for reducing the bounty on refined fugars, exported in any other than Britifh Jhips. — [June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS, by an aft pafifed in the daft feffton of parliament, Preamble.

intituled, An aft for regulating the allowance of the draw- 3zGco.3.c,43* back, and payment of the bounty, on the exportation of fugar, recited, and for permitting the importation of fugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Ifands in foreign fhips, certain rejlriftions are provided refpefting the allowance and payment of drawbacks on the exportation of raw fugar, and of bounties on the exportation of refined fugar from Great Britain : and vohereas it is expedient that in con-fequence of the prefent war with F ranee, provifons Jhould be made refpefting the periods at which the average prices of the fugar fhall be taken ; and alfo the prices which fhall regulate the allowance and pay■* merit of the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of raw and refined fugars \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be cnafted; and be it enafted by the King's moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament a {fern bled, and by the authority of the fame, That if, on the twenty-third If, at the pe-day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, the nods herein average price of brown or mufeovado fugar, taken in the manner lpec‘ded, the directed by the faid recited aft, for the fix weeks preceding, fhall oFhrow-n not exceed fixty-five fhillings for an hundred weight, exclufive of mufeovado the duty of cuftoms paid or payable thereon on the importation fagar, taken thereof into Great Britain, that then and in fuch cafe the draw- theTe^ted° back and bounty on the exportation of fugar fhall be paid and al- 3<g. not lowed; and if, on the twenty-third days of Augufi, Oftobcr, and exceed certain February following, the average price of fuch fugar, taken as prices, the aforefaid, for each of the llx weeks preceding thofe refpeftive pe- ^oun^^o be^ riocls, fhall not exceed fixty fhillings for an hundred weight, ex- pa^ * L° ^ clufive of the duty of cuftoms paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain, that then and in fuch cafe the drawback and bounty on the exportation of fugar fhali continue to be paid and allowed ; any thing in the faid recited aft to the contrary in any wife notwilh (lauding.

II. And

 

220

Bounty on exportation of refined mufcov.ido fugar, from the Britilh plantations in America, Ihipped under the recited or this att, to be paid, though net exported tv it bin the preferibed periods, is. per cwt. lefs than the bounty to be paid for refined fugar exported in any other than Britilh veficls*

Preamble.

39 Geo. 3. c, 68, recited.

Anno regni tricefmio tertio Georgii III. c.57. [1793.

II.	And be it further enadted, That the bounty due and payable on the exportation from this kingdom of refined fugar produced from mufeovado fugar, imported from the Britijh plantations in America, fhall be allowed and paid for all fuch fugar as fhall have been (hipped under the authority of the faid recited a£f, or may hereafter be (hipped by virtue of this a£t, within the re-fpedtive periods mentioned in the faid recited a£t or this add, although fuch fugar fhall not be or fhall not have been exported until after the expiration of fuch refpedfive periods.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the exportation from this kingdom of any refined fugar in any other than a Britijh fhip or vefiel, owned, navigated, and regiflered according to law, there fhall be paid and allowed one (hilling lefs bounty for each and every hundred weight of fuch fugar fo exported, than if the fame had been exported in a Britijh fhip or veffel, fo owned, navigated, and regillered} any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for the better regulation of warehoufed tobacco, and for per- ' mining certain tobacco of the Spanifh dominions to be admitted to entry on the payment of the Britifh plantation duty. — [June 17,

1793]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajftd in the tzventy-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An add for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, it is among other things enafted. That the commiffioncrs of the eufoms in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, and the commijfloners of the eufoms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, fbould, and they refpeftivdy are thereby authorized and required, out of any of the duties or revenues of eufoms under their management refpeftivdy, to provide from time to time fuch zvarehoufe and warehoufes as they refpeftivdy Jhould deem requifite and necejfary for depofiting, lodging, and fecuring therein, all Juch tobacco as Jhould be imported according to the dire ft ions of the faid aft ; and in the faid aft it is provided and enafted, that the proprietor or proprietors of unmanufaftured tobacco Jhould pay zvarehoufe rent, after the rate of fixpence per voeck for each and every hogfead, cafk, chef, or cafe, of fuch tobacco as Jhould remain in Juch ware-houje or warehoufes after the expiration of eighteen months, to be computed from the day on zvhich the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confgnee or confignees of fuch tobacco, Jhould have made his or their entry thereof, according to the dir eft tons of the faid aft : and whereas it is expedient, that inflead and in lieu of the faid zvarehoufe rent, of fixpence per week for each and every hogfbead, caf, chef, or cafe, of unmanufaftured tobacco, to be paid in purfuance of the faid aft, the fum of three halfpence per week only fall in future be paid for each and every fuch hegfbead, caf, chef, or cafe ; be it therefore enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

and

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57.	221

and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled^ and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this In place of act, inftead and in lieu of fixpence^r week, to be paid by any fixpence, im-importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, for each and every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe of onjv t^ee ? unmanufactured tobacco, now or hereafter to be warehoufed pur- halfpence per fuant to the directions of the faid act, the fum only of three half- week per pence per week, for each and every fuch hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe of fuch tobacco, and no more, fliall be paid by them, or warehoufed either of them.	room.

II.	And whereas by the faid recited aft, it was among other things alfo enabled, That if the importers, proprietors, or confignees, of arty■ tobacco which fhould be depofiied in any wareboufe provided according to the directions of the faid a Cl, Jbould omit, neglect, or refife to clear or take any tobacco from or out of any fuch warehoufe, within twenty-jour months, to be computed from the day on which the importers, proprietors, or confignees of fuch tobacco, jhould have made their entries thereof in writing, according to the directions of the faid a Cl, or Jhould omit, negleCi, or refujs to pay or clear off any of the duties impofed or payable for or in refpeCl of fuch tobacco within fuch twenty-four months, it fijould be laivful for the commijfioners of the cufioms in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, andfor the commijfioners of the cufioms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, and for the commijfioners of the excife in England and Scotland r effectively, or the Major part of them rej'pec-lively for the time being, to caufi all fuch tobacco to be publickly fold-to the bef bidder : and whereas, for the promotion and encouragement of the tobacco trade, it is expedient, that the term for keeping tobacco in the faid warehoufes fhould be extended; be it therefore further

enacted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in the faid recited Recited net act (hall entend, or be conftrued to extend, td authorife the fale n.ot t0 of any tobacco towards fatisfying the duties thereby impofed, ^rehoufed0t unlefs the importer, proprietor, or confignee of fuch tobacco, tobacco for fliall omit, neglect, or refufe to clear or take fuch tobacco from payment of or out of any warehoufe or warehoufes, in which the fame (hall the duties, have been, or may hereafter be depoiited, lodged, or fecured, within three years, to be computed from the day on which the three years, importer, proprietor, or confignee of fuch tobacco, fhould or ought to have made his, her, or their entry thereof in writing, according to the directions of the faid recited act.

III.	And whereas by the faid recited aCl it was alfo enaClecl, That the importers, proprietors, or confignees of any tobacco depofiied in any warehoufe provided according to the directions of the faid ad, Jhould forthwith Jeparate all the damaged and mean tobacco, for which they

refpeClively Jhould refuje to pay the duties by the faid a Cl impofed, from the refidue of fuch tobacco : and whereas it is expedient that, the importers, proprietors, or confignees of any fuch tobacco, Jhould he permitted and allowed in like manner to Jepar ate all the damaged and mean tobacco from the refidue of fuch tobacco, previous to weighing fuch tobacco, either for exportation or for home trade, confumption, or manufacture\ be it therefore further enabled by the authority

aforefaid,



222 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c, 57. [1793

The damaged aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the impor-part may be ters, proprietors, or confignees of any tobacco which now is or when1 ware-	depoftted,	lodged,	or fecured in any warehoufe provided

houfed tobac- according to the directions of the faid recited add, to feparate all co is brought the damaged and mean tobacco, for which they refpeCtively fhall for^V^r^a^ re*u^e t0 Pay t^ie duties inapofed by the faid ad, from the refidue tio^or^ome	tQbacco, upon fuch tobacco being brought to the lcale.

confumption, to be weighed, and previous to the weighing fuch tobacco ac-&c.	cording to the directions of the faid act, either for exportation,

or for home trade, confumption, or manufacture; and that all the damaged and mean tobacco which {hall be fo leparated from the refidue of fuch tobacco, {hall be forthwith given up to the proper officers of cuftoms and excife, to be by them burnt and de-itroyed, and the refidue of fuch tobacco, after the reparation as aforefaid of all the damaged and mean tobacco, fit all be weighed and delivered either for exportation, or for home trade, con-lumption, or manufacture, as the cafe may be, upon the payment of luch duties, and lubjeCt and liable to all the rules, conditions, regulations, rellriCtions, penalties, and forfeitures to which any luch tobacco is by law now fubjeCl and liable ; any thing in the faid recited aCl to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith (landing.

XV. And whereas a cargo of tobacco, the produce of Well Florida, was, in or about the 'month of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, brought on board a Spanifh Jlnp or veffel,, called the San Juan Baptilla, from New Orleans into the port ^/'.Plymouth in the county of Devon : and whereas application was made to the right honourable the lords commijfioners of his Majefly's treafury, fet-•'	ting forth that the faid cargo was originally intended for Nantz in

the kingdom of France, but on account of hoftiliiies between Spain and that country, the fame was brought into the port of Plymouth, with a requejl that the faid cargo might be admitted to an entry in this kingdom as tobacco imported fro?n the countries belonging to the united fates of America : and whereas, in confderation of the aforefaid circumfance, the right honourable the lords commijfioners of his Majeffs treafury dire died that the faid cargo fould be admitted to entry on payment of the duty of one J,hilling and three-pence per pound weight, being the duty payable on tobacco of the growth or production of his Majeffs colonies, plantations, ifunds, or territories in America, or the united fates of America, on condition that fecurity fould be given to his Majefy for the payment of the duty of three fillings and fxpence per pound weight on the faid tobacco, unlefs pro-v if ion fould be made by parliament for admitting the fame at a lower duty, and fecurity has been given by bond accordingly : and vjhereas it is expedient that relief fould be given in this cafe ; be it therefore Theunmarm- enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid bond fo given fa<flured to- fhall be cancelled, and that fo much of the faid cargo as confifts brought in the llnmanufadlured tobacco, fhall, upon the delivery thereof for San Juan Bap* home trade, confumption, or manufacture, be admitted .to entry tifta, to be on payment of the fame duties of cuftoms and excife as are due admitted to ancj payable on tobacco of the growth or production of the united

ftates

d by 

1793'] Anno regni tricefHno tertio Georgii III. c. 58.	22J

flates of America, or be delivered for exportation in like manner entry, or de-as tobacco of the growth or production of the faid united ftates, Station** e^' may now, bylaw, be fo delivered; and that the remainder oftohaccoofthe the faid cargo, being manufactured tobacco, fhall be delivered united ftates free of duty, on due entry being made for exportation thereof to of America; the port of Hamburgh; and that all the faid tobacco, upon the an<J

1	o	^	y	l	n II FAt tucl fo

delivery thereof either for home trade, confumption, or manu- delivered faCture, or for exportation, as the cafe may be, fhall be fubjeCf duty-free for and liable to the rules, regulations, reflriCtions, penalties, and exportation to forfeitures to which tobacco of the growth or produCfion of the Hamburgh, united ftates of America is now by law fubjeCt and liable.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That nothing in this act con- Not to affeCt tained fhall extend to afFeCt any regulations contained in any aCt a.ny nrgula-or aCts of this feffion of parliament for the depofit of tobacco, on of to^C" the fecurity whereof any exchequer bills {hall be lent in purfuance bacco, on of luch aCts.	which exche-

CAP. LVIII.	quer bills fhall

be lent.

An aft to allotv to flips carrying on the Joiithern whale fijhery to the north of the equator, the fame premium as they are now entitled io if they do not pafs the equator. — [June 17, 1793 ]

WHEREAS by an aft, puffed in the twenty-fxth year of his Preamble.

prefent Majejlfs reign, (intituled, An aCt for the encou- 26 Geo, 3. c. ragement of the fouthern v/hale filhery); and by another aft, 50 ; pafjed in the twenty •eighth year of his prejent Majejlfs reign, (inti- 28 Geo. 3. c. tided. An aCt for amending an aCt, made in the twenty-lixth year 20; and of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for the encouragement of the fouthern whale fijhery, and for making further provifions for that purpofe); it is enafted, among other things, That it fall and may be lawfulfor any finp or vejfiel employed in carrying on the faid fouthern whale ffhery, in the Pacinck Ocean to the wejhvard of Cape Horn, or through the Sfreights of Magellan, to fail and pafs as far as the equator northward, and as far as one hundred and eighty degrees of longitude weft from London, and no further : and whereas by an aft, paffed in this prefent fefjion of parliament, (intituled, A11 aCt 33 Geo. 3. c, for continuing in the Eajt India, company, for a further term, 5*> recited, the pofTeflion of the Briti/h territories in India, together with their exclufive trade under certain limitations ; for eftablifhing further regulations for the government of the faid territories, and the better adminiftration of juflice within the fame; for appropriating to certain ufes the revenues and profits of the faid company; and for making provifion for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras,, and Bombay), it is enafted, among Other things, That, during the continuance cf the whole, foie and exclufive trade, granted by the faid laft mentioned aft to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, it fall ana may be lawful for any juch Jhip or vejfel employed in carrying on the fouthern whale fijhery, under and by virtue of the faid alls, puffed in the twenty-fixth and twenty-eighth years of his prefent Majeftf s reign, to fail or pafs into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horn to the northward of the equator, ami as far to the wejhvard as one hundred e	and

 

For fbips cleared out for the fouth-ern whale ftlli-ery, fince Jan. 1,1793, which fhall pafs into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horn, and to the northward of the equator, the fame premiums to be paid as if they had not palled the equator.

Preamble.

31 Geo. 3. c. t, recited.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii 111. c. 59. [1793."

and eighty degrees of longitude from London; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament afiqmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That there fhall be paid and allowed to the owner or owners of any fuch (hip or vefiel which fhall have fitted and cleared out fince the firll: day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, or which fhall hereafter clear out for the carrying on the laid fifnery, and which fhall pafs into the Pacifick Ocean’ by Cape Horn, and to the northward of the equator, fubjedt to the rules and regulations in the faid a£ts required, the fame premium or premiums thatifuch fhip or vefiel would have been entitled to if fuch fhip or vefiel failing into the Pacifick Ocean by Cape Horn had palled no further north than the equator, under and by virtue of the aforefaid acts palled in the twenty-fixth and twenty-eighth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and alfo another a£t parted in the twenty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aP for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and fouthern whale fifhcries.)

CAP. LIX.

An aPt to continue certain duties of excife on foreign fpirits imported into this kingdom, for a limited time ; and alfo for continuing certain laws of excife therein mentioned. — [June 17, 1793.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS hy an aPt, puffed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of your prefent Majefiy, intituled, An a£t for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon worts, wafh, and other liquors, brewed or made in England, for extradting fpirits for home conlumption; upon fpirits made in Scotland and imported into England; and upon foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain adts c for dijcontinuing, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, zvajh, and other liquors, there ufed in the dif-tillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefiy other duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the exportation of ^ntiih-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England;’ and to continue, for a limited time, an adf made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, c to difcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confumphon, and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britifh fpirits ; it was, amongfi other things, enaPled, 1 hat, from and after the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety'one, there Jhqulcl be raifed, levied, collePted, ami paid to and for the ufe of his Majefiy, his heirs and juccefiors, for and in refpePl of brandy, rum, fpirits, or Aqua Vitae, imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain, over and above all duties then impojed for or in refpePt thereof by any aPt or aPts of parliament,

 

^793-1 Ann° regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 59.'	225

the further duties of excife therein mentioned and exprcjfed; and it was by the faid art further enarted., That all the monies arifng or to arife by the rates and duties granted by the faid art, and paid into the receipt of his Majefty* s exchequer after the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two ^ fioould, together zvith fuch other rates and duties as Jhould be (and zvhich ivere) granted by certain arts of the then feffion of parliament for that purpofe, be a fund for the payment and difcharge of the principal fium of eight hundred thoufand pounds, part of the jum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, in purfuance of any act of the fame fejfion of parliament, and which voere raifed by exchequer bills, in purfuance of an art of the fame fcfjion, intituled, An a£l for raifing a certain fum of money, by loans or 31 Geo. 3. c» Exchequer bills, for defraying the publick expences occ.afioned by 49* tlx? augmentation of his Majefty’s forces in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, together with fuch interejl as fhoidd by the faid art be diverted to be paid or made payable for the faid principal fiim of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and that upon payment of the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and all interejl to become due thereon, or referving at the faid receipt of exchequer^ fo much money out of the faid fund to be ejlablifined as afore-faicly as Jhould be fujficient to fatisfy and dijeharge the Jaid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and all interejl as aforefaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be diverted by fuch art of the fame feffion of parliament as aforefaid, the faid rates and duties by the faid recited art impofed Jhould f rom thenceforth ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable : and zvhereas the faid rates and duties on foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain as aforefaid., will fhortly expire in purfuance of the faid recited arts, and it is expedient to continue the fame for a limited time \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and jeonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the \ fame, That the faid additional rates and duties of excife for or in Additional refpedl of brandy, rum, fpirits, or Aqua Vita, imported from be- duties im-yond the feas into Great Britain, impofed by the faid recited acl iirft above mentioned, (hall continue, and be paid and payable to fp^s import -his Majefty, his heirs and fueceiTors, until and upon the fifth day ed inio Great of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, any thing Britain, con-in the faid recited adls contained, or any of them, to the con- tmu?d to^ trary notwithftanaing; and the laid duties hereby continued fhali, federally and refpediively, be paid and payable by fuch per-fons, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the faid duties were feverally and refpec-tively payable by law under or by virtue of the faid feveral adts, or any of them, or any other adl or adfs of parliament in force at and immediately before the pafiing of this adt.

II. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch parts of the faid recited adh, for raifing a fum of money by loans or exchequer bills as aforefaid, requiring the com-

Vol. XXXIX,	Q,	miffioners	^pealed"

 

Partofsi Geo. 3. c. 49> ref-pedting the determination of the duties.

Monies to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to the confoli-dated fund.

Duties im-pofed by 2 7 Geo. 3. c. 13, on wa(h brewed in England for extracting fpi. rits for home confumption, continued to

Jul7 5i 1795*

Anno regni triceflmo tertio Georgii III. c. 59. [1793.*

miffioners of tbe treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, to ilTue their or his orders to the refpedtive commiffioners of excife, for the determination of the faid duties hereby continued as afore faid, and all directions for the publication thereof, as far as the fame relate to the faid duties, fhall be and they are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all monies from time to time arifing by the feveral rates and duties by this a£t continued, the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted, when and as the fame refpec-tively fhall take effedl by virtue of this a61, fhall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer at Wejhninjler, diftin£tiy and apart from each other, and from all other branches of the publicic revenues > and that there fhall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, a book or books, in which all the monies ariling from the laid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefly, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever ; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the fund called Tbe Co rifoli dated Fund.

IV\ And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral duties of excife, which were, by an a£l made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for repealing the Jeveral duties of cufloms and excife and granting other duties in lieu thereof.\ impofed for a limited time for or in refpeCl of fermented wort or wafh, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England for extracting fpi pits for home confumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame ; and for or in refpecl of cyder or perry, or other wafh or liquor brewed or made as aforefaid, from any fort or kind of Britifk materials, except fuch as are before mentioned, or from any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption ; and for or in refpedl of fermented wort or wafh, brewed or made as aforefaid from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption ; and for or in refpedt of wafh brewed or made as aforefaid from foreign refufed wine or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials, except melalfes and fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, and which were, by feveral acts' made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, and thirty-firfl years of the reign of his prefent Majefly, continued until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-three, fhall be, and the fame are hereby feverally and refpectively further continued from the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-hve; and the faid laft mentioned duties fhall feverally and refpedtively be paid and payable, by the feveral and refpedtive makers and diftillers of fuch wort, wafh, cyder, perry, or other liquor re

fpedlive  

1793-] Annofegni trlcefimo tertioGeorgiiIII. c, 590	227

fpeclively, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures as the faid duties, by the faid act impofed and hereby continued, were feverally and refpedtively payable by law, under or by virtue of any adt or adls of parliament in force immediately before the palling.of this adl.

V. And whereas certain rules, regulations, re frictions, provifi-ons, fines, penalties, and forfeitures were, by an act made in the tzventy-eighth year ofi the reign of his prefient Majejty, provided', fettled, and cflablifhed for the manufacture of fpirits commonly called Maidftone Geneva, efiahlifhed at Maidftone, in the county ofYLent, by George Bifhop of that place, and certain duties were, by the faid act, and by another aft made in the thirty-firjl year of the reign of his faid Majefiy, impofed on the faid George Bifhop, for and in re-fpcCt of zvajb produced by him from malt or other corn : and whereas the faid George Bifhop is lately dead, and fir William Bifhop knight, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop are become pofifieffied of the diflillery and premifes in zvhich the faid George Bifhop de-ceafed carried on the manufacture of fuch Maidftone Geneva, at Maidftone aforefaid^ and the Jaid fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop are defirous to carry on the manufacture of, and to make fpirits commonly called Maidftone Gene va, in 'the faid difillery and premfes at Maidftone aforefaid, under and fubjeCt to the like duties, rides, regulations, rsftriCtions, provifons, fines, penalties-, and forfeitures as the faid George Bifhop deceafed carried on the manufacture if and made fpirits commonly called Maid ft one Geneva t and whereas it is expedient to allozv the faid fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop fo to carry on fuch manufacture, and to make fuch fpirits ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it {hall and may be lawful to and SirWilliam for the faid fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, company may and the furvivors and furvivor of them, poftefted of the faid dif- continue to tillery and premifes, to carry on the manufacture of, and to make make Maid-fpirits commonly called Adaidjione Geneva, in the faid diftillery ^nnrupeneva and premifes at Maidftone aforefaid, until and upon the fifth day i^^iubjedfc of July one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-five* under and to the duties fubjedt to the like duties as were impofed on the faid George impofed on Bifhop deceafed, by the faid adls of the twenty-eighth arid thirty- *ate firft years of the reign of his faid Majefty.	Bifhop?

VI.	And be it further enadfed by the .authority aforefaid, That Rules eftab* the faid duties fhall be railed, levied, and colledled under fuch Idhtd for management, and (hall be paid by the faid fir William Bifhop,	to	x

George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, and the furvivors and furvivor tencj fir of them, under and lubjedt to all and Angular the powers, au- William thorities, rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, pe~ Bifhop and nalties, and forfeitures contained, provided, fettled, or efca^- corilPan7* blifhed for the faid George Bifhop deceafed, in or by any law or laws in force immediately before the death of the faid George Bifhop deceafed, relating to the manufadfure or making of fuch fpirits commonly called Maidfone Geneva, and all and fingular the faid duties, powers, authorities, rules, regulations, refiric-lions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures fhall be, and

Q^Z	the

 

228

Anno regni tricefirrio tertio Georgii III. c. 60. [1793.'

the fame are hereby re-enaCted and declared to extend to the' faid fir William Bifop, George Bifop* and Argles Bijhop, and the fur-vivors and furvivor of them, carrying on the manufacture of and making fuch fpirits commonly called Maidfone Geneva, at Maid-Jione aforefaid, and the fame refpe&ively fhall be applied, practised, ufed, and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and Securing the faid duties, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and Singular the faid duties, powers, authorities, rules, regulations, reftriClions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures had been exprefsly inferted and re-enaCted in the body of this aCt, for and in refpeA of the faid fir William Bijhop, George Bijhop, and Argles Bijhop, and the Survivors and furvivor of them, carrying on the manufacture of and making fuch fpirits commonly called Maidjlone Geneva, at Maidjlone aforefaid.

CAP. LX.

An act to enable the pojlmafter general to fend the mail to the domi« nions of his catholick Majefy, on board of any veffels authorifed by his catholick Majefy to carry the fame. — [ June 17, 1793-]

Preamble.

9 Annac,c. 10,

The poft m after general may fend the mail to Spain by any

WHEREAS by an aff, pajfed in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefy £hieen Anne, intituled, An aCt for efta-blifhing a general poft office for all her Majefty’s dominions, and for fettling a weekly Sum out of the revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majefty’s occafions; it is provided, That if the packet or mail fall be carried out of Great Britain into any port or place beyond the fcas in any Jhip or vejfel which is not a free Jhip, and navigated %vith fuch fearnen as by the laws of this land the fame are required to be, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the pofmafer general for the time being Jhall forfeit the Jum of one hundred pounds flerling, the one moiety to her Majefy, her heirs and fuccefors, and the other ?noiety to him or them who Jhall fue for the fame, to be recovered in fuch manner sas therein is mentioned: and whereas it is in contemplation to efablifh packet boats bettveen the port cf Falmouth in England and Corunna in Spain, for the port of letters, packets, and parcels of goods, to or from his Majefy s dominions, and the dominions of his catholick Majefy; and it will tend much to the convenience of trade and commerce between the two king^ doms, if' his Majefys pofmafer general fall be permitted to fend the packet or mail by packet boats, author fed and appointed by his catholick Majefy, whenever he fall fee occafon ; be it therefore enaCted by the King's moll: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the poftmafter general for the time being, or persons holding the office of poft-mafler general, and he and they are hereby authorifed and im-powered from time to time, and as often as he or they fhall fee

occalion*

 

1793’] ^nno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6u 229

occafion, to fend the packet or mail intended for the dominions fhips belong-o'f his catholick Majefty from Falmouth aforefaid, by any fliip or [hoUc^Malef-vefTel belonging to his faid catholick Majefty, and duly authorif- ty# ed and employed by him, for the purpofe of carrying packets or mails between the two countries; any thing in the faid hereinbefore recited a£l contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

CAP. LXI.

An aft for the regulation of dijlilleries in Scotland, and the expor■-- tation ,of Britifli made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to Englander a limited time.—[June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that fpirits made for fale and Preamble* confumption in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhould he made, certified, and compounded, under certain rules, regulations, -reflriftions., and provifions herein-after in that behalf provided; and that the feveral duties of excife following Jhould be im-pofedy may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena£b-ed; and be it enatfted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of From July 5* July one thoufand feven hundred and ninty-three, there ftiall be 1793> the fol-raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, to his Majefty, his heirs and bf^xafe^to^e fuccelfors, the feveral duties of excife herein-2fter mentioned, ( that paid in Scot-is to fay);	land:

Fcr and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the cu- For each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every ftill (including the c°nt<Lts^>f head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other every fijp for apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or deno- making fpirits mination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam (except as can afccnd), which ftiall be ufed or employed for the making or ^ere.1|?"^:er diftilling of low wines or fpirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder? ^}iere British or perry, or other wafh or liquor made or brewed from any fort materials are of Briti/lo materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or ufed, 9I. ala-place in Scotland, other than and except fuch counties and diftritfts naa^74 of the highlands as are herein-after particularly fpecified, defcrib-ed, and enumerated, and for which counties and diftri&s other provifions are herein-after made, there ftiall be charged the anr nual fum of nine pounds:

For and upon every gallon, Englifi) wine meafure, of the cu- For each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every ftill (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other a^ufed, 15I,-apparatus therewith conne&ed, under whatever name or deno- and mination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afcend), which {hall be ufed or employed in any part or place in Scotland, for the making or diftilling of low wines or fpirits from melaffes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, the annual fum of fifteen pounds;

0.3	for

 

230	Anno	regni	tricesimo	tert'10	GeoRGII III, c. 61. [1793.

where other For and upon every gallon, Englifh wine meafure, of the cu-^afs^s^ufed' ^'lca' content or capacity of each and every {till (including the ria^s ars u e > j^cacj^ anc] every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other

apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fteam can afeend), which {hall be ufed or employed in any part or place in Scotland, for the making or dihilling of low wines or fpirits from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder, or vvafti prepared from foreign materials (except melaffes and lugar), or any mixture therewith, the annual fum of eighteen pounds:

For each gal- For and upon every gallon, Englijh vvine meafure, of the cubi-Ca^ content or capacity of each and every {till (including the 0	?	head,	and	every	part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other

apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called* or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which {hall be ufed or employed in any part or place in Scotland, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpirits or ftrong waters, the annual fum of nine pounds.

INo person to If, And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That ^ftiH°withno Per*on or Perfons whatever fhall, by him, her, or themfelves, out taking out or ky any other person or persons whatever employed by him, a licence ac- her, or them, or for his, her, or their life or benefit, eredf, fet up, cording to ufe, employ, or work, any Fill or ft ills for the diftilling, making, or manufacturing of lqw wines or fpirits from malt, corn, or any kind of Britijk materials aforefaid, in fuch parts of Scotland re-fpedlively as are herein mentioned, or for the diftilling, making, or manufacluring of low wines or fpirits from lugar or metafiles, or any foreign refufed wine, or other foreign materials, or for the redlifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpirits in ;any part of Scotland aforefaid,'without firft taking out a licence or licences for that purpofe, in the manner mentioned and diredled •	in and by an adl made and palled in the twenty-eighth year of

a8Geo.3.c.46. the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, (An adi for dijcontinuing ^ for a limited, time, the ftverql duties payable in Scotland upGn tow wines and fpirits, and upon worts, vjajh, and other liquors there ufed in the dift illation of fpirits, and for granting to his Ma-jejly other duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the exportation of Britilh made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland England; and to continue,, for a limited time, an adl made in the twenty-ft xth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, to difeontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confumption; and for granting and {ecuring the due pavment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britijh Spirits; and for difeontinuing, for a limited time, certain impofts and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies; and which licences {hall feverally be granted by the refpeefive perfons, and in the manner diredled by the laid ad; and the persons to whom the lame {hall be refpedively granted {hall be fubjed and liable to all the rules, regulations, reftriciions and provifions, forfeitures

 

J793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61.	231

tures and penalties contained and provided in and by the (aid a relative to licences therein mentioned, except where the fame fhall be expreftly altered by this a£L

III.	And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Powers of all the rules, regulations, reftridlions, provifions, forfeitures and ** e^ndto * penalties, claufes, matters and things, contained and provided in this act*

and by the faid a£t of the twjsfity-eighth year of his prefent Ma-jefty, relative to licences therein mentioned, and for raifing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, afcertaining, enforcing, or fecuring, the rates or duties impofed by the faid laft mentioned a<t, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, except where the fame fhall be exprefsly altered by this act, fhall be and continue in full force,and fhall be extended and be duly obferved, practifed, applied, and put in execution, in and for the granting licences under this at:, to all and every diftiller or diflillers, maker or makers, retifier or retifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits, and in and for the managing, raifing, levying, colleting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afcertaining, enforcing, and fecuring the faid rates and duties, and for recovering the penalties by this at granted, and for preventing, deteting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effetually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, regulations, reftritions, provifions, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, had been expreflly inferted and re-enated in this at.

IV.	And be it further enated by the authority aforefaid,

That upon or previous to the granting of any fuch licence, the p^^vance person or persons applying for the fame fhall, before he, fhe, or byinhalments. they fhall be entitled to fuch licence, pay down in advance, in ready money, to the proper officer of excife appointed to receive the fame, one fourth of the annual duty by this at impofed, for or in refpet of his, her, or their ftill or ftills fpecified in fuch licence, from the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, to the tenth day of October following; and fhall, on or before the faid tenth day of Ofiober^ and fo afterwards at or before the end of every two months, pay down, in ready money in advance, a fixth part of the yearly duty payable by this a61 in refpet of fuch licence, until the whole thereof fhall be fully paid, over and above the fum paid in advance at the time of granting fuch licence.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no fuch licence fhall be granted to any diftiller j^°

or diftiilers, maker or makers, retifier or retifiers, compounder till fecurity be or compounders of fpirits, until he, fhe, or they refpetively fhall given for pay-have found fecurity, by bond, to his Majefty, in the penal fum ment of duty.

• of one hundred pounds, with at leaft one fufficient furety to the latisfation of the faid commiffioners or proper colletor of excife, that he, fhe, or they fhall make due and regular payment of the whole annual duty by this a cl impofed, on the capacity or content of their ftill or ftills, fo to bejicenfed as aforefaid, at the time and times, and in the manner herein-before mentioned and directed, without any allowance, abatement or dedution, on ac-

4	count

Hosted by CjOO^ 1C

232	Anno	regni tricesimo tertioGEORGii III, c. 61. [1793.

count of any lofs, accident, or interruption that may happen du^ ring the currency or period of fuch licence, except in or through the deftrudtion of the diftillery anci total ft.oppage of the work; by fire, or as is berein-after, or in the laid adl*, excepted and provided.

No licence to VI. Provided always, and be it further enadbed by the autho-be granted for rity aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful to grant any lu.ch li-a	f	cence t0 any diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers of fpirits, for

be of the con- or *n re^Pe(^ °f any wafh ftill which (hall not, in the body therer tent lefs than of, and exclufive of the head, be of the content or capacity left 52-gallons,nor than fifty-two gallons Qnglijh wine meafure ; nor fhall it be law-unlefs a low fuj to granf any fuch licence, for or in refpedb of any wafh (fill whatever, unlefs there fhall at the fame time be licenfed therewith a low wine ftill of a content or capacity in the body thereof, exclufive of the head, not lefs than one fourth part of the contents or capacity of fuch wafh ftill.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall not be lawful to grant any fuch licence to any redtifier or redtifiers, compounder or compounder^ of fpirits, for or in refpedt of any ftill for redtifying, compounding or mixing, which fhall not, in the body thereof, and exclufive of the head, be of the content or capacity lefs than twenty gallons EngUJb wine meafure.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That no licenfed diftiller fhall ufe his or her {fill of ftills, licenfed for the diftiiling or making of low wines or fpirits

jial^not^to^e ^roln corn> grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wafh or ufed for mak- liquor made or brewed frQm any fort of Brit'ijh materials, in or ing them from for the making of low wines or fpirits from melailes or fugar, or melafles, &c. jn or for the making of low wines or fpirits from foreign refufe4 wines, or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials; and that no licenfed diftiiler final] ufe his or her ftill or ftills, licenfed for the diftilling or making of low wines or fpiritjs

wine ftill be Jicenfed with it;

nor to a rectifier for a ftill which ih all not he of the content lefs than %o gallons.

Stills licenfed for making fpirits from Britiih mate-

on penalty of aool.

from melafTes or fugar, in or for the making of

low

wines of

fpirits from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials ; and if any diibiller (hall make uft of his or her ftill or ftills, or any of them, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the foregoing provision, he or (he, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

Stills licenfed IX. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority

for diftilling of aforefaid. That no ftill, licenfed for the diftilling of wafn or low

w^r0r forc wines, or for the redlifying of fpirits, (hall be made ufe of in or rectifying of	’	J	°	r	-	-	•	•	'	•

fpirits, not to

for the compounding or mixing of fpirits ; and that no (till, li-

fie ufed for cenfed for the compounding or mixing of fpirits, (hall be made compounding, ufe of in or for the diftilling of wa(h or low wines, or for the SToolPena^ re<^ifyin£ fpirits, on pain to forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of two hundred pounds.

Firft licences	X. And be it further enadbed by the authority aforefaid, That

to be in force every fuch licence to be firft granted by virtue of this adt to any uliOdtober 10, diftiiiers, rectifiers, or compounders of fpirits, (hall be and continue

Hosted by



1793• 1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61.	233

tinue in force from the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hun- *794> and af-dred and ninety-three, to the tenth day of October one thoufand	for

ieven hundred and ninety-four, and for no longer or fhorter pe~ " ^ear* riod ; and every fuch licence to be afterwards granted by virtue of this aft, (hall be and continue in force from the tenth day of October yearly for one year, and for no longer or fhorter period.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That No licence to it fhall not be lawful to grant to any compounder of fpirits, or be granted to to any common brewer or viftuallej*, in that part of Great Bri- Scc.for ftius * tain called Scotland, any licence for working, erefting, or keep- for diftilling or ing of any ftill or {fills for the diftilling of wafh, low wines, or xe&itying, &c. fpirits, or for the reftifying of fpirits, fo long as he, fhe, or they

doth or fhall continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the bufinefs of a compounder of fpirits, or common brewer, or victualler, for brewing or felling of beer or ale in Scotland; and if Penalty for any person or persons fhall, at one and the fame time, carry on, ^rad^af a dif or be direftly or indireftly concerned in the trade or bufinefs of tiller and a a diftiller or reftifier with that of a compounder of fpirits, or of common a common brewer or viftualler, in that part oi Great Britain brewer at the called Scotland.\ every fuch person fhall, for every fuch offence, ^me time* forfeit and lole the fum of two hundred pounds.

XII.	And be-it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Frefh licences That all and every person or persons who fhall take out any fuch to be taken out firff licence as aforefaid, for diftilling, reftifying, or compound-

ing of fpirits in Scotland, is and are hereby required to take out ^ ^ and°re-a frefh licence, ten days at lead before the tenth day of Offober newed yearly, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, before he, fhe, or they fhall prefume to continue to diftil, reftify, or compound any fpirits or ftrong waters, and in the fame manner to renew every fuch licence afterwards, from year to year, under the fame terms, conditions, rules, and regulations with refpeft to every \ new or renewed licence, as is by this aft required for the firft:

'licence, except as to the period between the fifth day of July pne thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and the tenth day qf October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, hereinbefore mentioned ; and that if any person or persons fhall, after penalty for th\ faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- diftilling with-thr'te, prefume or offer to diftil, reftify, or compound any fpirits out licence, pr ftrong waters in Scotland, without firft taking out fuch licence, and renewing the fame yearly in manner aforefaid, he, fhe, or they fhall refpeftively forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offenpe, the fum of two hundred pounds.

XIII,	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- One licence thority aforefaid. That persons in partnerfhip, and carrying on fufficient for a fuch trade,and bufinefs as aforefaid, in one houfe or place only, partnerfhip, fhall not b^ obliged to take out more than one fuch licence in ^ irking*" any one year, for carrying on fuch trade,, and that no one licence only in the >yhich (hall he granted by virtue of this aft, fhall authorife or houfe for impower any person or persons to whom the fame fhall be grant-	£rant*

ed, to diftil a^y low wines or fpirits, or to diftil, reftify, or e {compound any fpirits or ftrong waters in or at any other houfe

234 Anno regni trlcefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6i. [17930

or place than the houfes or places wherein he, fhe, or they did begin to diffil, rectify, or compound low wines or fpirits at the time of receiving his, her, or their licence or licences, and whereof entry in writing fhall be made at the next office of ex-cife, in the name or names of fuch person or perfons, at the time of granting fuch licences.

Jn eafe of in. XIV. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, deathC&c the	upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, or death of any perfon

commiffioners hcenfed as a dilfiller, rectifier, or compounder of low wines of excife in or fpirits, or upon the removal of any person or persons fo li-Scotland may cenfed from the entered houfe or premifes in which his, her, or trad^oVe'6 t^ie^r ^cence fhall authorife him, her, or them to diffil, redfify, carried on, for or compound low wines or fpirits, it fhall and may be lawful to the remainder and for the commiffioners of excife in Scotland for the time being, of the licence, and to and for the feveral collectors and fupervifors of excife in rJesh&cffig'	within their refpedfive colledfions and diftridfs, to au-

thorife and impower the affignees of fuch insolvent, or fadtor or fadfcors, truffee or trulfees of fuch bankrupt on his fequeffrated eflatc, or the executors or adminiftrators, or the wife, child, or lawful heir of fuch deceafed perfon, or the affignee or affigns of any fuch person fo removing, who fhall be poffeffed of fuch houfe or premifes, in like manner to diffil, redfify, or compound fpirits in the fame entered houfe or premifes where fuch perfon, fo li-cenfed by virtue of fuch licence, carried on fuch trade, during the refidue of the term for which fuch licence was originally granted, without taking out a new licence during the refidue of . the faid term, but fubjedf to and under the fame terms, conditions, rules, and regulations as the person or persons to whom but if they are fuch licence was originally granted: provided always. That if not defirous of the faid affignees, fadfors, or truftees, or the executors or ad-001 ng io, no- miniftrators, or the wife, child, or lawful heir of fuch deceafed diftiller, rectifier, or compounder, fhall not be defirous of work-

tice mu ft be given to the officer of ex-cife, See.

Penalty for

neglecting to give fuch notice, See.

Allowance to compounders for increafe by water, &c.

ing fuch {fill or hills, fuch person or persons fhall, within one month after fuch insolvency, bankruptcy, or death, iignify the fame in writing to the proper fupervifor, or officer of excife of tie divilion or diftridf within which fuch {fill or {fills fhall be fituafcd, and fhall, at the fame time, depofit with fuch officer the head or heads belonging to fuch {till or {fills, and alfo fuch of the utenfils belonging thereto as fuch fupervifor or officer {hall feledt, inorder to render fuch {fill or {fills incapable of being ufed ; and fuch {fill or {fills fhall not be again ufed until a new licence /hall be granted for that purpofe, and the duty which would have become due for the unexpired term of the fubfiffing licence, to be computed from the time of giving fuch notice as aforefaid, fhall ceafe ; and if any fuch person fhall negledf or refufe to give fuch notice, or to depofit the head or heads, and fuch of the utenfils of fuch {fill or (fills as is herein-before mentioned and diredfed, every fuch perfon, for every fuch negledf or refufai, fhall forfeit and loie the fum of two hundred pounds.

;XV. Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That for the making unto the compounders- of

235

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 61.

fpirits in Scotland. a fair allowance for that increafe by water, fu-gar, fyrup, or fruit, which is necefTary to render their fpirits fit for confumption, there (hall be allowed permits for the fending out any number of gallons, not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred^, and thirty gallons of compound fpirits, for every one hundred gallons of raw or rectified Britijk fpirits, which they reflectively (ball have received, with authentick certificate or certificates from any diftiller or rectifier of Britijh fpirits, of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Compounders

That no compounder or compounders of fpirits in that part °f	■

Great Britain called Scotland, fhall fell or fend out any Britijh out fpjrits 0f compounds of any greater or higher degree of flrength than that greater}

of one in fix under hydrometer proof; and if any fuch com- flrength than pounder or compounders fhall fell or fend out any Britijh com- ?	6	under

pounds of any greater or higher degree of ftrength than that of proof; one in fix under hydrometer proof, all fuch Britijh compounds, together with the cafks or veftels containing the fame, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Penalty for That if any licenfed diftiller or rectifier, or his or her clerk or S*v*ng certifi-agent, fhall fell, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to any com- £e<a the Segal pounder, dealer or retailer, any certificate or certificates by him removal of or her fubfcribed as in the faid act is mentioned, for the purpofe flock of com-of conveying or protecting any fpirits in their removal from the pounders, flock or poffeftion of any fuch compounder, dealer or retailer, or

other person than fuch licenfed diftiller or rectifier; or if any ^all^ufln person or persons whatever fhall make ufe of any fuch certificate certificates, or certificates, except for the purpofe of conveying or protecting raw or unrectified fpirits in their firft removal from the place of manufacture, or plain rectified fpirits, unmixed and uncompounded, in their firft removal from the place where they were actually rectified, every fuch diftiller, rectifier, or other person ft offending, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fuvn of fifty pounds, together with all fuch fpirits and the package thereof, which fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.	.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, edby adslnow

That the feveral rates and duties granted and impofed by any act in force upon or acts of parliament now in force, upon low wines or fpirits for low wines, &c. home confumption, or upon worts, wafh, and other liquors ufed to ceafe from ’ in Sc*tla?d in the diftillation of fpirits, and upon any licence re-	I	793*

quired tdjbe taken by any diftiller or maker of fpirits from corn,

malt, or qher materials, or by any rectifier or compounder of fpirits in Sc?tlan(fave only and except any arrears now due in refpect of ftch rates or duties), fhall be difcontinued from and after the fifth\jay of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three.	\

XIX.	And \e it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Licences That, from and^fter the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven juty^793°to

a	hundred	}	y

\	 

236	Annoregnitricesimotertio	GeorgiiIIT. c. 61. [1793,

re&ifiers, to hundred and ninety-three, all licences which, before the faid fifth ceafe on that day Qf jujy one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, {hall have been granted by the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, or by the collectors and fiipervifors of excife in Scotland, or any of them, to any reftifier of fpirits in that part of Great Britain, by virtue of or under the authority of an aft of parliament made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of and dealers in, excifeable commodities therein mentioned, and which fhall be then unexpired, (hall, on the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, become and be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatsoever 3 any thing in the faid licences exprefied, or in any aft: or afts of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

25 Geo- 3. c. XX. And whereas by an aft of parliament, made in the twenty-2^, recited; jijtb year 0j ^e Yeign 0f bis prefent Majefty, the commiffioners of excife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland are authorifed to grant licences to persons living in certain counties or dif rifts in the highlands tf/'Scotland, to difill fpirits from barley, beer, or big, the growth of the faid counties, and a duty was impofed on fucb licences : and whereas it is expedient to repeal the duty thereby impofed; be it and from Dec. further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after

1793, the the firfl day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-duty impofed three the fai(j duty

thereby impofed fhall ceafe, determine, and on licences bv	J	J	J	1	7	7

that ad to 7 be no l°nger Pa*l<^ or payable; fave only and except as to any

ceafe.	arrear or payment which may at that time remain due or unpaid

of the faid duty, or as to any penalty or forfeiture which fhall

have been incurred for or in refpeft of the faid duty, upon or at

any time before the faid firff day of December one thoufand feven

hundred and ninety-three; anything contained in the faid aft,

or in any other aft or afts of parliament, to the contrary not-

with Handing.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. From Dec. i, That upon the firfl day of December one thoufand feven hund’ed com mi iTi oners anc* n^nety-three, or as foon as may be in the courfe of .'hat of excife in month, and fo from year to year thereafter, during the conti-Scotland may nuance of this aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the corn-grant annual^ mifiioners of excife in Scotland, or the major part of then, by cer^^hifti ^ ^cences under their hands, to authorife persons qualified within land counties, highlands of Scotland, that is to fay, within the feverd coun-for diftilling ties of Orkney, Caithnefs, Sutherland, Rofs, Cromarty, jnvernefs, corn fpirits, _ Argyll, Bute, and Nairn, and within fuch parts of fie feveral fn ^of th *	"	count*es °f Dumbarton, Stirling, Perth, Forfar, Kincardine, Aber-

fame, on cer- deen, Banff, and Elgin, as lie to the northward and,iveftward of tain condi- a certain line herein-after particularly fpecified and deferibed, to ereft, keep, and work Hills, the cubical content >r capacity of each of which refpeftively fhall not be lefs than tfrrty, nor more than forty gallons Englijh wine meafure, (incl'ding their re-fpeftive heads, horns, pipes, tubes, or other apparatus therewith .connected, under whatever name or denomin^on the fame may

be

 

2 37

*793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6i.

be called or known, as high as the fteam can afcend)y and to diftil and draw off fpirits from the barley, beer, or big, of the growth of the faid counties, during the term of one year, and for no longer or fhorter fpace, from the firft day of Dece?nber in each year, during the continuance of this a£1, and to ufe, fell, and difpofe of the fpirits fo diftilled, on payment of a compofition Or licence duty, at the rate of one pound ten Shillings for each gallon Englijh wine meafure of the content or capacity of fuch Hill, for the fpace aforefaid, and that in place of the whole rates and duties impofed on the diddling of wa(h, low wines, or corn fpirits, and upon the malt or grain from which the fpirits are extrafted ; but declaring that fuch licenfed diftillers, within the limits Iaft aforefaid, fhall not be allowed any drawback or deduction from the above duty, on account of their or either of them having bought, from any entered maltfter, any part of the mak to be ufed by them, and for which the legal duties upon malt have been paid or charged,

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That all the powers, autho- Powers of l'aft ties, methods, rules, regulations, reftriftions, exceptions, pro-vifions, claufes, matters, and things which in and by the faid ajtereci to ex-laft mentioned aft, palled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of tend to this his prefent Majeftv, are contained, provided, fettled, or efta- ad. blifhed, for granting licences to ereft, keep, and work ftills in that part of Scotland called the Highlands, and for railing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, afcertaining, enforcing, or fecuring the rates or duties impofed by the faid laft mentioned aft, for or in refpeft of fuch licences, and for preventing, detefting, and punilhing frauds relating thereto, and not being exprefsly altered by this aft, fhall be and continue in full force, and be duly obferved, praftifed, applied, and put in execution throughout that part of Scotland called the highlands, and herein particularly defcribed in and for the granting licences under this aft, and in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afcertaining, enforcing, and fecuring the faid rates and duties by this aft, granted, and for preventing, detefting, and punilhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, regulations, reftriftions, provisions, claufes, matters, and things, had been exprefsly inferted and re-enafted in this aft.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no n0 licence to fuch licence fhall be granted to any person to ereft or work any be granted in kill under this aft in the counties before mentioned, or diffrifts certain limits herein-after particularly defcribed, within ten Englijh fiatute vviShfioEn^-miles of any lowland diitillery, regularly entered and licenfed ac- liih miles of' cording to the laws of excife ; and provided fuch entered and any lowland licenfed lowland diftiller or diftillers fhall have paid for the pre- diitillery, in ceding year, duties to the extent of fix hundred pounds, and is certa*n ca^8S> going on in the fame bufinefs, or who, being in that bufinefs, lhall require the fupprefiion of any fmall kill within the diftance aforefaid3 and give obligation with fufficient fecurity that the

duty

 

nor to any compounder or common brewer, within certain parts of the highlands.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. [179^

duty to be paid by the diftillery carried on by him, her, or them^ {hall amount to, at leaft, the faid yearly fum of fix hundred pounds, for two years then to come ; the faid diftance to be ad-meafured from place to place along the ufual publick road, of over any ufual ferry or paffage by water.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it {hall not be lawful to grant to any compounder of fpirits, or to any common brewer or victualler, in that part of Scotland called the Highlands, herein-after defcribed, any licence for

working,

erecting, or keeping of any ftill or {tills for the diftil-

Penalty for carrying on the trade of a diftiller, with

ling of wafh, low wines, or fpirits, or for the rectifying of fpirits, fo long as he, {he, or they doth or {hall continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the bufinefs of a compounder of fpirits, or common brewer, or victualler, for brewing or felling of beer of ale in Scotland; and if any person or persons {hall at one and thd fame time carry on, or be dire&ly or indirectly concerned in the trade or bufinefs of a diftiller or rectifier, with that of a com-thatofacom- pounder of fpirits, or of a common brewer or victualler, in that pounder, &c, part of Great Britain called Scotland, every fuch perfon- {hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two htindred pounds.

Duty for a ftill XXV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid; of 40gallons to That, when any licence (hall be taken out as laft aforefaid, and be deemed a t]1€ compofition duty paid for a ftill of forty gallons^ fuch duty for a*certain	fhall be held to	be a compofition for the duty on dry malt, to the

quantity	of	extent of two	hundred and fifty bolls, Linlithgow meafure, or

dry malt, and one thoufand five hundred bufhels, and no more; and, for the of fpirits, &c. duty on the fpirits manufactured in fuch ftill, to the extent of one thoufand fix hundred and fixty gallons Englijh wine meafure, and no more ;	and, when fuch licence fhall be taken out, and

the compofition duty paid for any ftill of a lefler fize, the like proportion {hall be obferved both as to the quantity of malt and the quantity of fpirits, for which fuch duty {hall be held to be a compofition; and, that for-all malt which fhall be ufed or made by fuch licenfed diftiller over and above the faid quantity, there fhall be paid by fuch diftiller the fame duties to which the entered maltfter is liable at the time by the laws of excife ; and, for all fpirits which fhall be manufactured from fuch {tills, over and above the quantity aforefaid, there fhall be paid by fuch diftiller at and after the rate of one {hilling for each gallon of fuch furplus fpirits.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That no ftill (hall be fo licenfed as aforefaid, to be fet up in fuch parts of the feveral counties of Dumbarton, Stirling, Perth, For-far, and Kincardine, 2s be to the eaftward of a certain line, be-ginning at the boat of Balloch, where Loch Lomond runs into the river Leven, in the county of Dumbarton,, and proceeding eaft-ward along the great military road, from thence to Bucklivie, in the county of Stirling ; from thence in a certain line .northward to Thornhill\ and from thence to Dumblane, and Auchierarder, in' the county of Perth, and from Auchierarder in a line proceeding

in



No ftill to be licenfed in certain limits.

Hosted by “

1793O Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6i.	239

in a north-eaft direction to a certain point weft of the town of Perth, and diftant therefrom two miles; and from thence in a line northward to the boat of Kinclaven on the river Tay, in the fame county of Perth; and from thence to Blairgowrie, Alyth, and Kerrymuir, in the county of Forfar; and from Kerrymuir by the foot and fouth fide of the Grampion Hills, till they terminate near the river Dee, within three miles to the weftward of the city of Aberdeen, and excluding the fame; alfo that no ftill fhall be fo licenfed within the faid limits as aforefaid to be fet up within two Englijh ftatute miles of any part of the boundary hereinbefore defcribed, or in any part or place within the counties of Elgin, Banjf., or Aberdeen, not being diftant from the neareft part of the fea fhore more than three Englijh ftatute miles ; and Nofpiritsfrom alfo that no fpirits, the manufacture of fuch licenfed ftills, {hall be allowed to pafs out of the faid limits with or without permit, thermits ° either by land or water, acrofs the line or bounds above ex- acrofs the prefted, or from the coafts or ports of any of the counties or dif- bounds above tridfcs herein-before enumerated and defcribed ; and that all fpirits expreffed, diftilled within the limits'before defcribed, that fhall be found fQr^tureI° pafting to or in other parts, or from the coafts of the faid kingdom, either with or without permit, (hall be liable to feizure by any officer or officers of cuftoms or excife in England or Scotland refpe&ively, and fhall be forfeited and loft, together with the cafks, veftels, or other packages containing the fame, and alfo the veftels and boats, horfes, and other cattle, and carriages, made ufe of in the removal or conveyance thereof.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That every fuch licenfed diftiller having in his pofteffion, or Penalty for ufing a ftill of larger dimenfions than thole for which he has ob- having larger tained fuch licence, and paid a compofttion as aforefaid, fhall be ftills thanthofe ftibjedl to a further duty of three pounds for each gallon fuch ftill fQ™$^nde<* fhall contain, over and above the quantity fpecified in his or her * licence; and if fuch furplus fhall exceed three gallons Englif? wine meafure, he or fhe fhall forfeit fuch ftill, and all the utenfils thereto belonging, together with his or her licence, and be liable to a penalty of forty pounds; and further, if he or fhe fhall be conviCted of having in his or her pofteffion any ftill, other than that for which he or fhe has obtained a licence, he or fhe fhall in like manner forfeit his or her licence, and be fubjeCt to a penalty of one hundred pounds, and fuch unlicenfed ftill fhall be feized and forfeited ; and every licenfed diftiller who fhall be con- and for buy-viCted of buying, receiving, or ufing any malt or grain not the &x. grain growth of the counties above mentioned, or fome one of them, fhall forfeit ten {hillings per bufhel for all fuch grain or malt, and fpecified fhall in like manner forfeit his or her ftill and utenfils, and his or counties, her licence.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That no fpirits fhall be Spirits remor-

removed from the place at which they are diftilled, within the without a limits before defcribed, without a permit, and that all fpirits car-	fortcU>

rying from one place to another without permit, {hail be feized

and

■	Hosted	by	

240

Diftillers, &c. of fpirits for

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeorGII III. c. [1793.,

and forfeited, with the calks, veflels, or other packages containing the fame.

XXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every diftiller and diftillers who {hall be defirous of

from England ma^ng or diftilling* rectifying- or compounding fpirits in that to Scotland, part °f Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence and contrari-wile, to be fubjeft to the rules of 28 Geo. 3. c.46.

No diftiller,

to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of making or dif-tilling, rectifying or compounding fpirits in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, fhall carry on fuch manufacture, and fhall export the fame under and fubjecft to all and every the rules, regulations, provifions,- and reftriCtions which are contained and exprefled in the faid aCt of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* except as herein-after is other-wife exprefsly provided : provided always, That nothing herein See. authorised contained fhall extend to permit or authorife any diftiller or dif-t(f tkmTo t^lers’ re<^ifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, to mak^fpidts ° enter or g*ve notice of his intention to make fpirits in that part for exporta- of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to tion, unlefs his that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whofe wafti ftill will Hills be of cer- not contain one thoufand fix hundred gallons, and the fpirit of low wine rectifying or compounding ftill eight hundred and fifty gallons ; nor to permit or authorife any diftiller or diftillers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, to enter or give notice of his intention to make fpirits in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that part of

tain capacities, &c.

Great Britain called England, whofe wafh ftill will not two hundred gallons, and the fpirit or low wine

rectifying

contain or

compounding ftill fifty gallons ; neither fhall any diftiller or diftillers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, be' entitled or permitted to diftil fpirits for fuch exportation as aforefaid, although he, file, or they may have made an entry as aforefaid, unlefs he, fhe, or they fhall actually have diftilled into fpirits all the wafli and low wines, in his, her, or their cuftody or pofteflion, for the making of fpirits for home confumption, at leaf! forty-eight hours before the day mentioned in fuch entry.

XXX. And be it further enaCfed, That fuch diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers, reCtifier or reCtifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits applying for any fuch licence after the to paythedu- fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, titsfollowing: fhall firi! pay for each fuch licence the feveral duties and fums of money following $ that is to fay,

Diftillers ap* plying for licences after July 5> T793>

For each gallon of the contents of ftills ufed in England for making fpirits from Britilh materials, for exportation to Scotland, 9I, annually.

For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the clh bical content or capacity of each and every ftill (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which fhall be ufed or employed by fuch diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits in that part of Great Britain called England\ for making low wines or fpirits,

from

 

1793*1 Anno regni cricefimo tertio Gsorgxi III. c. 6r.	241

from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, perry, or other wafh or liquor, made or brewed from any fort of Brhijh materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual furii of nine pounds :

For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the cu- For each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every ftill (including the lon> ^here head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, °f ^are ufed^ other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or ancj) denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which (hall be ufed or employed by any fuch diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or fpirits from melaftes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for fuch exportation as aforefaid, the annual fum of fifteen pounds :

For and upon every gallon, EngUfb wine meafure, of the cu- where other bical content or capacity of each and every ftill (including the f?reiSn

•	*	*	\	1	r*	1	*	1	nils ire uiCu}

head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or i8j4 other apparatus therewith' connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fieam can afeend), which ihall be ufed or employed by any fuch diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or fpirits. from foreign refufed wines, or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials, (except melalles and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for fuch exportation as aforefaid, the annual fum of eighteen pounds :

For and upon every gallon, Englijb wine meafure, of the cu- For each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every ftill (including the Jon of ^rectify-head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or ^lS? 21* other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fteam can afeend), which (Kail be ufed or employed by fuch diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, of any kind of fpirits or ftrong waters for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual fum of nine pounds :

Which faid refpective duties and fums of money (hall be paid by Duties to be fuch person or perfons, and at the refpective times, and in the	g

manneredirected by the faid act of the twenty-eighth year of the Geo. 3. c. 46. reign of his prefent Majefty.

XXXI.	Provided-alfo, and be it further enacted by the autho- Diftillers, &c„ rity aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the commif- in England, fioners of excife in England, and they are hereby authorifed and entries-required, to allow and repay to all and every fuch diftiller and portation to diftillers, and maker and makers, rectifier or rectifiers, com- Scotland, and pounder or compounders of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain yaking entries called England, who fhall have withdrawn his, her, or their fumpbV>n,Cto" entry for making, rectifying, or compounding fpirits for fuch be allowed an exportation as aforefaid, and fhall afterwards have made^ due abatement of ' Vql, XXXIX.	R	entry	*helicence

>	J	duty, viz.

 

242 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. [1793.

entry for making, rectifying, or compounding fpirits for home confumption, in that part of Great Britain called England, a proportional abatement of the licence duty paid by fuch diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers, redtifier or redtifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits, for or in refpedt of the capacity or content of his, her, or their licenfed {till or {tills, correfponding as herein-after mentioned to the time during which he, {he, or they, ihall ufe or employ fuch his, her, or their.{till or {tills for making low wines or fpirits from any of the materials aforefaid for home confumption, in that part of Great Britain called Eng* land \ (that is to fay) :

For each day a Hill is ufed in making (pints, if from Britilh materials, 7d.and a-ioths for each gallon of its contents ;

if from me-lafles or fugar, is.:

if from other materials, is. ad.and 4-1 oths;

and for (tills employed in

rectifying, 7d. a-1oths.

For every day during which he, {he, or they {hall ufe or employ any licenfed (till or {tills, to him, her, or them belonging, for making low wines or fpirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wafh or liquor made or brewed from any fort of Britijh materials, or any mixture therewith, for home confumption as aforefaid, feven-pence and two tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every fuch {till, including the head, fo ufed :

For every day during which he, the, or they {hall ufe or employ any fuch {till or {tills for making low wines or fpirits from melafies or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for home confumption as aforefaid, one {hilling for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every fuch (till, including the head, fo ufed:

For every day during which he, fhe, or they {ball ufe or employ any fuch hill or hills for making low wines or fpirits from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials, (except melafTes and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for home confumption as aforefaid, one {hilling and two-pence and four tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every fuch {till, including the head, fo ufed :

And for every day during which he, {he, or they {ball ufe or employ any licenfed hill or hills to him, her, or them belonging, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpirits or hrong waters, for home confumption as aforefaid, feven-pence and two tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every fuch hill, including the head, fo ufed.

Diftillers, See. in Scotland, giving notice of their intention to make fpirrs for exportation to England, to be allowed a proportional abatement of the licence dutv, viz.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fnall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of excife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and they are hereby authorifed and required, upon proof being made to their fatisfac-tion, to allow or repay, within two months, to every diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, rectifier or redtifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits, who fhall have given or lefc due notice of his, her, or their intention to make, redtify, or compound fpirits for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ to that part of Great Britain called England, a proportional

 

1793*11 Anno rtgni tricesimo tertio Georgii III.	243

portional abatement of the licence duty paid by fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, redlifier or rediifiers, compounder or compounders, for or in refpedt of the capacity or content of his, her, or their ftill or ftills, correfponding to the time during which he, fhe, or they {hall ufe or employ any {till or {tills for the making, testifying, or compounding of fpirits for exportation, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, in the manner following; (that is to fay):

For every day during which he, fhe, of they fhall ufe or em- For each day-ploy any licenfed ft ill or {tills for the making of low wines or a ftillis fo ufed fpirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or any fort of Britijh materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation as	mate-

aforefaid, the fum of feven-pence and two tenths of a penny for rials, yd. every gallon of the cubical content of each-and every fuch {till, 2*ioths for including the head, fo ufed :	fach &a*lon of

For every day during which he, {he, or they {hall ufe or em-ploy any fuch {till or {tills, for the making of low wines or fpi- or ^u* rits from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for expor- gar, is.; tation as aforefaid, the fum of one {hilling for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every Fuch {till, including the head, fo ufed:

For every day during which he, {he, or they {hall ufe or em- if from other ploy any fuch (till or {tills for the making of low wines or fpirits foreign mate-from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder, or wafli prepared from foreign materials, (except melaftes and fugar), or any mix- an(j 4 10	'*

ture therewith, for exportation as aforefaid, the fum of one {hilling and two-pence and four tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every fuch {till, including the head, fo ufed:

And for every day during which he, fhe* or they Fhall ufe or for (tills em-employ any licenfed {till or {tills for the redtifying, compound- ployed in rec-ing, or mixing of any kind of fpirits or ftrortg waters, for ex-	7^*

portation as aforefaid, the fum of feven-pence and two tenths of & penny for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every fuch {till, including the-head* fo ufed.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadted, That in every cafe where the produce of fpirits extradted by any fuch diftiller or diftillers, betwixt the fifth day of "July one thouland feven hundred and ninety-three, and the fixth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and fo afterwards yearly, during the continuance of this adt, and produced to the proper officer of excife, according to the diredtions of the faid adt, fhall fall {hort of the proportions therein-mentioned, every fuch diftiller and diftillers fhall, and he, ftie, and they is and are hereby made chargeable ith, and {hall pay the following duties of excife for every gai-n of fpirits which fhall be deficient of the quantities in the faid mentioned 3 that is to fay:

R z	F	or

For deficiencies in the quantity of fpirits for exportation, required by a 8 Geo. 3. c. 46, to be produced to the excife officer, the following duties to be paid i

 

244 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. [1793*

For^eachgal- For eVery gallon of luch fpirits from wafh prepared or made

tiih materials ^r0DV corn> grain> malt>	cyder>	or	Perr}'5	or	any	f°rt	°f

3s. ad. aq. * Britijb materials, or any mixture therewith, for extra<fting fpirits

for exportation as aforefaid, three fhillings and two-pence halfpenny :

from melafies For every gallon of fuch fpirits from wafh prepared or made or fugar, 3s. from melafies or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extra<fting ^q.	fpirits	for exportation as aforefaid, three fhillings and fixpence

three farthings :	-

and from	And	for	every gallon of fuch fpirits from wafh prepared or

other foreign made from foreign refufed wine or foreign cyder, or wafh pre-IIderlaS, Pare<^ from foreign materials, (except melafTes and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for exportation as aforefaid, five fhillings and eleven-pence :

and in default ©f payment, to forfeit double the duty.

Certain duties to be paid on fpirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

30 Geo. , 37*

. c.

Which refpecftive duties for fuch deficiencies refpecftively fhall be paid by fuch diftiller and diftillers refpeclively on the day laft aforefaid; and if default fhall be made in any fuch payment, the diftiller and diftillers refpeclively making fuch default fhall forfeit double the amount of the duty by this aft impofed for or in re-fpcft of fuch deficiency.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That for every gallon, Englljh wine meafure, of fpirits, of a ftrength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which fhall be made or manufaftured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, there fhall be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an excife duty of three fhillings and two-pence halfpenny; and for every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of fuch fpirits, of a greater ftrength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, an additional duty in proportion to the furplus ftrength, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That an aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aid to continue two acts, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for difcontinuing, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wafh, and other liquors there uled in the distillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of Britifh made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an a (ft made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, 4 to difeontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confumption ; and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regu Iation of the making and vending Britifh fpirits; and for difeor tinuing, for a limited time, certain impofts and duties upon rui

ar

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6i.	245

and fpirits imported from the Weji Indiesand for amending the faid aft ?nade in the twenty-ninth year of his prefent Majefly’s reign \ and fiich parts of the faid afts of the twenty-fixth, twenty-eighth, and fuch parts and twenty-ninth years aforefaid, (fave and except the duties im- of a6 G,eo. 3. pofed by the faid aft of the twenty-eighth year of the reign afore- c* ?3, £ \^0# faid), as were continued by the faid adl of the thirtieth year ^	3/c.

aforefaid, until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand feven 45, as were hundred and ninety-one, and by another aft of the thirty-firfl: continued by-year of the reign aforefaid, until and upon the fifth day of July ^t the du-one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, (hall, from and tie^impofed immediately after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven by a8 Geo. hundred and ninety-three, continue in full force and efFeft until 30cont'nucd and upon the firfl day of December one thoufand feven hundred *° ^ec> Iy and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next feilion of parliament.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act created or Recovery and impofed, fhall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by p^alties°n ° fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture F is or may be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland,, refpeftively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture (not other-wife direfted by this aft) fhall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall difco-ver, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all the money arifing by the duties by this adt impofed, Duties to be (the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame ex- ^xche^u^r^ cepted), fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his carried Majefly’s exchequer at Wejiminjter; and the faid monies fo paid to the Confo-into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, fhall be carried to hdated Fund, and made part of the fund called The Confoliduted Fund.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies arifing or to arife by the Duties to be faid rates and duties, or any of them, during the continuance of JfP*

this adt, fhall be paid into the faid receipt of his Majefly’s ex- monies. 1 chequer at Wejiminjter, diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there fhall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefly, his heirs or fuccefiors, upon any account whatever.

XXXIX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That the feveral parts of this aft, from and after the refpeclive Continuance times appointed for the commencement thereof, fhall continue of the adt. in force until and upon the firfl day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament.

R 3	CAP,

 

Anno regrsi tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6?. [1793, CAP. LXII.

An adt for granting to his Majefty a certain fnm of money, to be raifed by a lottery.------------------------[June 17, 1793 ]

675,000b to be raifed by a lottery, and fubfcribers to depofit 1I.5S. for each ticket. All pevfons who have made depofits, purfuant to the refolu-tion of the houfe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fubfcriptions at certain times fpecified, viz. ih 5s. by July 5, 1793 ;_ab by Auguft 9 ;—2,1. by September 13	2!. by Odober 22	2I.	by Decem-

ber 6 and the remaining 3b by January 14, 1794 ; and the contributors for each 13b 10s. advanced, {hall be intitled to fuch lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned ; and thofe that pay contributions before the time limited, to be allowed difcount at 3I. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at 13I. 10s. each. Cafhier to give fecurity to the fatisfadion of the commiflioners of the treafury, and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commiflioners of the treafury im-powered to apply the money paid in by the cafhier. 500,000b the amount of the prizes to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feflion. Managers and diredors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpofed of tickets, and an account of money received and paid in. Tickets not difpofed of to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filk, and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box, to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 5o,cco tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate

tickets.----One prize of 30,000b-----2 of 20,000b-----3 of io,oool.----5

of 5,000k-----10	of 2,000b---if5 of 1,000b---30 of 500I.----100	of	100b

•---200 of 50b-----and 15,150 of 20b-----i,oool. to the firft drawn, and

1,oool. to the laft drawn tickets. Tickets in the outermofl: column of the laft mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), Sec. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on February 17, 1794. Method to be obferved in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums, to be printed. Difputes to be adjufted by the managers. Forging tickets, &c. felony. Offenders (not in prifon) difeovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50I. reward. Provifo. No attainder for fuch offences to make corruption of blood, lofs Of dower, or dilherifon of heirs. Managers to be fworn. The oath.

I A. B. as a manager and diredor of the lottery to be drawn in purfu-ance of an ad of parliament, made in the thirty-third year of his Ma-jefty’s reign, do fwear, that I will faithfully execute the truft repofed in me ; and that I will not ufe any indired art or means, or permit or dired any person to ufe any indired art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myfelf, or any other person whatfoever ; and that I will do the utmoft of my endeavours to prevent any undue or finifter practice to be done by any person whatfoever; and that I will, to the beft of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid ad.

Cafhier may receive the fums fubferibed before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the fame ; which fhall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13I. 10s. paid. After July 5, 1793, the cafhier fnay deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the fum adually fubferibed ; and fhall give receipts for the relidue of fuch fums, after deduding the value of the tickets lb delivered. Contributors not making good their payments v/ithin the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, Ac. Commiflioners of the treafury may reward the managers, Sec. as they fliall think fit. The 500,000k for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this' feflion 5

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62.

and fhall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on July i, 1794. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and figned. &c. Com-mifiioners of the treafury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this a<5t. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies, or for any receipts. See. on penalty of 20I. No person to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unlefs employed as a clerk, or licenfed fo to do. Perfons fo licenfed by the commifiioners of ftamps, to provide books, which fhall be ftamped on every leaf. Commifiioners to grant fuch licences only, on account of licenfed lottery offices, and only one for each. 5I. penalty on un-licenfed persons taking down or publifhing the numbers of tickets drawn, See. On complaint, the magiftrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the aCtual commifiion of fuch offence, may be apprehended by any perfon, and carried before a magistrate, who may commit the offender, if the penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. 50I. penalty on persons fummoned as witnefies not appearing, &c. Commifiioners fhall not be required to grant a licence for dealing irx lottery tickets, unlefs it fhall appear that the party is able to anfwer the penalty required by law, and he fhall have depofited 50 whole undrawn tickets. Perfons to whom licences are granted, to give bond, agreeable to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of 12 months after the expiration of licences, the commifiioners may give up bonds, or put them in fuit. Licences of persons negle<£ting to depofit or divide into fhares 50 tickets, to be void; and the defaulters to be publifhed in the Gazette. In cafes where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void ; in fuch cafes licences granted after the commencement of this aCt, fhall be void, for offences againft this aCt 3 or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refufed to persons convicted. 20I. penalty on persons continuing on their houies, the words, “ Licenfed to deal in Lottery Tickets,’' after expiration of their licences, Sec. Executors, Sec. may be authorifed to carry on bufinefs for the refidue of the terms of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other fhares than halves, quarters, eighths and fixteenths, on penalty of 30I. Application and recovery of penalties. Form of fhares of tickets.

y ^OTTERY for the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three*

(or as the fhare may be)

The bearer of this fhare will be entitled to ope part of fuch beneficial chance as fhall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in purfuance of an a<5t pafied in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign. Perfons counterfeiting fhares, &c, guilty. PerfoPs having in their cuftody any regilter, or lift of tickets, but as particularifed in this a<5t; or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than a numerical lift, Sec. to forfeit 50I. On complaint ou oath of offences againft 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punifhment as rogues, juftices may authorife persons employed by the commifiioners of ftamp duties to break open houfes, Sec. Perfons difeo-vered in fuch houfes, concerned in carrying on illegal tranlaCtions, to be punifhed as rogues, and may be arrefted, Sec. Penalty on persons ob~ ftruCting officers. Manner in which actions for penalties fhall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties fued for is not inferted in writs, the defendant not to be arrefted, but ferved perfonally with a copy of pro-cefs, Sec. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds, may be committed to the houfe of correction for not lefs than one month, nor more than fix months. No certiorari. General iffue. Treble colts.

(An Half)

Ticket, No.

R 4

C A p.

Hosted

24$

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. [s793.

CAP. LXIII.

An aft to permit goods and commodities of the	,	production,

manufacture of Afia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain. —[June T 7 > 1793-]

,w H E R E A S by an aft, paffed in the twentieth year of the

Preamble.

ao Geo. 3, c. TV reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad to allow the 6) recited. trade between Ireland and the Britiji.b colonies and plantations in America and the Wcfl Indies, and the Britijh fettlements on the coaft of Africa, to be carried on in like manner as it is now carried on' between Great Britain and the faid colonies and fettle-* ments, it is, among ether things, enacted, That any goods, wares, or merchandize> of the growth, produCi, or manufacture of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, or the Weft Indies, or of any of the fettlements belonging to Great Britain on the coafi of Africa, and which by any ad or aCts of parlia?nent are required to be imported from fuch colonies, plantations, or fettlements, into Great Britain \ and alfo any other goods which, having been in any way legally imported into the faid colonies, plantations, or fettlements, may now or hereafter be legally exported from thence for Great Britain, fhall and may be laden in and exported fro?n fuch colonies, plantations, or fettlements refpedively, and in like manner imported direCtly from thence into the kingdom of Ireland: and whereas it is expedient to permit and allow, in the manner herein mentioned,- the importation into Great Britain from Ireland, of fuch goods, fo imported into Ireland from the faid colonies, plantations, and fettlements, and likewife of other goods and commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Afia, Africa, or America, legally imported, into Ireland : may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Goods legally authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Inland6from°	and may iaw^ui to imPort into Great Britain from

America, See. Ireland, in Britifh or Irijh-built fhips, owned, navigated, and may be im- regiftered according to law, any goods which have been import-ported into ed into Ireland from the aforefaia colonies, plantations, or fettle-Sm^ence n ments5 by virtue of the faid recited a61, or any other ad or ads in Britifh or °f parliament; and alfo to import in the fame manner, and fub-Irifh-built jed to the fame rules, regulations, provifions, and reftridions, fhips, owned, as the like goods may by law be imported into Great Britain to^awC'01 fr°m ffM') Africa, or America, any other goods and commodities of the growth, produdion, or manufadure of Afia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland $ any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

provided the 1L provjded always. That, on the importation of goods, Tcoiiilitc cer-	^	(	'	*	o	f

tiftcates from wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produd, or manufac-

the revenue ture of the faid colonies, plantations, or fettlements, from Ire-officers be land into Great Britain, the fame fhall be accompanied with the produced.	jj]ce

 

*793-3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63J	249

like documents and certificates from the refpeclive revenue officers there, as are or hereafter may be required by law for the like fort of goods imported from thence diredtly into Great Britain, except as herein is provided ; and the faid officers refpec-tively are hereby authorifed and required, on the exportation of fuch goods from the faid colonies, plantations, and fettlements refpe<5ively, for the kingdom of Ireland, to grant the like documents and. certificates as they now are or hereafter may be required by law to grant on the exportation thereof for Great Britain dire&ly, under the penalties and forfeitures now by law infixed and incurred, or hereafter to be indicated and incurred, on failure thereof.

HI. And be it further enabled, That when any (hip or vefiel Such goods, if {hall arrive from any port or place in Ireland at any port in Great Britain, laden with any fuch goods, and the fame {hall not be original do-accompanied with fuch original documents and certificates from cuments, to the refpedlive officers in the faid colonies, plantations, and fet- be dealt with tlements refpedfively, as now are or hereafter may be required by ^f^^direS-law on the importation thereof into Great Britain, directly from jy to Great the faid colonies, plantations, or fettlements, except as herein is Britain from provided, fuch goods (hall be dealt with in fuch manner as they the colonies, now are, or hereafter may be liable by law to be dealt with on importation diredfly into Great Britain, from the faid colonies, plantations, or fettlements refpedlively, unaccompanied with fuch documents or certificates.

IV.	Provided alfo, That in cafe only part of any fuch goods, If only part included in any document or certificate from the faid refpedlive the goods officers in the faid colonies, plantations, or fettlements, fhall at

any time be (hipped or exported from the faid kingdom of Ireland exported to (of Great Britain, and the adlual quantity and particular forts of Great Britain, the goods (hipped (hall be truly and correctly endorfed on fuch an indorfe-document or certificate by the proper officers of the revenue of cuftoms in Ireland, fuch goods (hall and may be admitted to en- tity Ihipped try and payment of duty in Great Britain; and, in like manner, fhall be i'uffi-the remainder of fuch goods (hall alfo be admitted to entry and cient, See. payment of duty in Great Britain, if the fame (hall be accompanied with a certificate from the proper officers of the revenue of cuftoms in Ireland, extracted from a regifier of the original document or certificate, fpecifying the quantity before (hipped and exported from thence, at what time, by what vefiel, and from what port in Ireland exported, and for what port in Great Britain.

V.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, That Rafter of

the mafter, or other person taking charge of any (hip or vefiel	o-01*^*

importing fuch goods from Ireland, (hall, on his arrival in Great from n^and, Britain, deliver to the collector, comptroller, or other chief to deliver to officer of the cuftoms, at the port of arrival, at or before entry the officer of of the faid goods, all documents and certificates required by this the port of ^

2.<St; and at the fame time (hall make oath, before the faid col- arrival, the ledfor, comptroller, or other chief officer (who are hereby re- requifite do-c^uired to adminifter the fame), that the cafks, parcels, and goods cuments, &c.

mentioned

 

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. [1793J

mentioned in fuch documents and certificates refpeftively are the fame cafks, parcels, and goods as were taken on board fuch (hip or veffel in Ireland,

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fuch goods as fhall be imported, by virtue of this aft, from Ire-land, lhall be confidered, with refpeft to duties, drawbacks,

confidered as bounties, rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and for-if diredtly im- feitures, as if imported from the faid refpeftive colonies, plantar ported from tions, apd fettlements, directly into Great Britain.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend to permit or allow of the importation from Ireland, into Great Britain, of any goods, wares, or merchandizes of the growth, production, or manufac-

25Q

Such goods, with refpeCt to duties, &c. to be

the colonies, See.

A<ft not to permit the importation

company s trade.

of goods pro- ture of the Eajl Indies, or other parts within the limits of the within the** exclufive trade of the united company of merchants of England limits of the trading to the Eajl Indies ; any thing herein contained to the con-Eaft India trary notwithftanding.

VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this

^^hcationd*anc^ may	Pr°fecuted, recovered, and dif-

penaltfe$°n ° P°^e<^ *n Lch manner, and by fuch ways, means, and methods as any penalties incurred, or any goods or veffels forfeited, for any offence againft the laws of cuftoms, may now legally be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of; and the officer or officers concerned in feizures or profecutions under this aft, fhall be in titled to and receive fuch fhare of the produce arifing from the feizures as they are now by law intitled to upon profecutions of feizures for unlawful importation, and to fuch fhare of the produce arifing from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or compofition paid for any offence againft this aft, as they are now by any law or regulation intitled to, upon profecutions for pecuniary penalties.

CAP. LX IV.

An aft to explain and amend an aft^ pajfed in the feventh and eighth years of King William the Thirds intituled, An aft for the further regulating eleftions of members to ferve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of fheriffs and other officers in the elefting and returning fuch members, fo far as relates to the publication of notices of the time and place of election,— [June 17, 1793.}

Preamble. I I 7 HERE A S by an a£t, made and pajfed in the fevetith and 7 & 8 Gul. 3. V V eighth years of the late King William the Third, (intituled. An 25-	aft	for the further regulating eleftions of members to ferve in

parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of fheriffs and other officers in the elefting and returning fuch members), it is enafted^ That the proper officers therein mentioned.\ Jhall\ upon the receipt ofi precepts fior the election ofi ?nembers to ferve in parliament, forthwith caufe publick notice to be given of the time and place of election, and fhall proceed to election thereupon within the.

 

£793'] Anno regni tricelimo tertio Georgii III. c.	251:

time by the faid aft limited, and give four days notice at leaf of the-day appointed for the eleftion ; but it is not in the faid aft fpecified at what time or within what hours of the day it /hall be incumbent on. the proper officer to give fuch public k notice as afore faid: and whereas^ by reafon of fuch uncertainty, great inconveniencies may arife from the undue pr a ft ices of returning officers and others: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That, from and after the pafling of this ad, all notices to be	the

given of the time and place of any eledipn for members toferve ofel^ions^ in parliament, (hall be publickly given at the ufual place or for members places within the hours of eight of the clock in the forenoon of parliament and four of the clock in the afternoon, from the twenty-fifth to. ^ S*ven . day of Oftober to the twenty-fifth day of March incjufive, and	certai^

within the hours of eight of the clock in the forenoon and fix of the clock in the afternoon from the twenty-fifth day of March to the twenty-fifth day of Oftober inclufive, and not otherwife ; and that no notice to be given of the time and place of eledions <?f members to ferve in parliament fhali be deemed or taken to be a good or valid notice for any pufpofes, or to any efted whatfoever, which fhali not be made and publifhed in the manner and within the time of day aforefaid ; any law, ftatute, itfage, or culiorn to the contrary notwithfianding.

CAP. LXV.

An aft to amend an o.S?, made in the thirty-firjl year of the reign of his prejent Majefy, intituled,, An ad for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and -the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Briiifh corn exported.— [June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS by an aft paffied in the thirty-fir ft year of his pre- Preamble.

fent Majefy's reign, intituled, An ac4 for regulating the	.

importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the	™	^

duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Briti/h recked! corn exported, it is, among other things, enafted,, That the receiver of corn returns appointed in purfuance of the faid eft /half and he is thereby required, at the end of every week, to make up, compute, and difingui/h, from and upon the returns by him received, purfu-ant to the directions of the faid aft, in the week immediately preceding,, an account of the general aggregate quantities, according to tpe refpeftive ?neafures in table (D), and prices of each refpeftive fort of Britifh corn and oatmeal that fall appear to have been fold and delivered in and during fuch week, in each refpeftive difrift; the account of which returns, and of the faid aggregate quantities and prices, he is thereby required to enter in a hook or books to be kept for that purpofe, and therefrom to make up and compute the average price of each refpeftive fort of corn and oatmeal fold and delivered during fuch week j and the faid receiver of corn returns is 9	thereby

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. [1793.

thereby directed, without delay, to tranfrnit to the colledors, or other chief officers of the cufloms for the time being, of the feveral ports or places within each fuch dijlrid, a certificate of the average prices of each refpedive fort of Britifh corn, fo made up and computed from the returns of fucb dijlrid; and the faid refpedive collectors and other chief officers are thereby required to receive and enter the fa?ne in a book or books to be kept for that pitrpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in Jome publick place in the cujlom houfe thereto belonging, to which all persons may refort and the exportation of each fort of Britifh corn and other articles as aforefaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon, within that dijlrid, Jhall be governed and regulated by fuch average prices, in manner therein-before directed, until new average prices Jhall in like manner be ?nade up and computed, and a certificate thereof Jhall be tranfmitted to fuch collectors or chief officers, and be by them received\ and that the faid receiver of corn retur?is Jhall, and he is thereby required, within feven days after the fifteenth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and within feven days after the fifteenth day of February, the fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of Auguft, and the fifteenth day of November, in each and every fucc ee ding year, to make up, compute, and dijlinguijh, from and upon the fix lafi weekly returns by him received, purfuant to the directions of the faid aCt, immediately preceding fuch refpeCtive periods, an account of the general aggregate quantities, according to the refpeCtive meafures in table (D), and prices of each refpeCtive fort of Britifh corn and of oatmeal that Jhall appear to have beenJold and delivered in and during fuch fix weeks in each refpeCtive dijlrid; an account of which returns, and the faid aggregate quantities and prices, he is thereby required to enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and therefrom to make up and compute the average prices of each refpec-tive fort of corn and of oatmeal fold and delivered during the feveral periods before mentioned within each refpeCtive diJiriCt; and the faid receiver of corn returns is thereby directed, without delay, to tranfrnit to the collectors or other chief officers of the cufloms of the feveral ports or places in each diJiriCt a certificate of the average prices of the feveral forts of corn and of oatmeal, ?nade up and computed from the returns offuch dijlrid; and the faid refpedive collectors and other chief officers are thereby required to receive and enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in fome publick place in the cujlom houfe thereto belonging, to luhich all persons may refort; and the importation of each Jort of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the paymeiit .of the duty thereon, within that diJiriCt, Jhall be governed and regulated by fuch average prices, in the manner therein-before directed^ until new average prices Jhall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to fuch collectors or other chief officers, and be by them received: and whereas it is expedient that the faid average prices direded to be made up and computed at the end of every week, and the faid average prices direCled to be made up and computed from and upon the fix lafi iveekly returns as afore-faid, Jhould be made up, computed, and dijlinguijhed in a different

manner

 

1793*1 Ann0 regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III, c. 65,	253

manner in that part of Great Britain called England ; be it therefore enafted jby the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, -g ] G ^ c W* in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,	^ AG

That the faid recited claufes be, and they are hereby repealed. Recited clau-

II.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the fifteenth ^es iePeakd.

day of Jime one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, the Receive‘r °f J	/	7	corn returns

faid receiver of corn returns mall, and he is hereby required, at to ma^e up

the end of every week, to make up and compute from the re- the weekly turns by him received, purfuant to the directions of the faid aft, average prices of the quantities and prices of the feveral forts of Britijh corn oatmeal fold and of oatmeal fold and delivered in the week immediately pre- jn eac|1 Qf tlie ceding, in each of the cities and towns appointed by the faid towns in Eng-aft in the refpeftive diftrifts of that part of Great Britain called appoint-England, the average price, according to the refpeftive meafures ^fte^a^e in table (D), of each refpeftive fort of corn and of oatmeal in to tranfmit each fuch city or town ; which returns, and average prices, he the average is hereby required to enter in a book or books to be kept for prices in each, that purpofe, and therefrom to make up and compute the average Q^c^o/the price of each refpeftive fort of corn and of oatmeal fold and de- cuftoms at the livered during fuch week in each diftrift, by taking the average of feveral places' the average prices, afeertained as above direfted, in each city as the rule for or town within each fuch diftrift from whence returns ftiall have ^PortatK>n> been received purfuant to the directions of this aft; and the faid receiver of corn returns is hereby direfted, without delay, to tranfmit to the colleftors, or other chief officers of the cuftoms for the time being, of the feveral ports or places within each fuch diftrift, a certificate of the average prices of each refpec-* tive fort of Britijh corn and of oatmeal, fo made up and computed; and the faid refpeftive colleftors and other chief officers are hereby required to receive and enter the fame In a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuftom houfe thereto belonging, to which all persons may refort; and the exportation of each fort of Britijh corn and other articles as aforefaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon within that diftrift, lhall be governed and regulated by fuch average prices, until new average prices fhall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof ffitfli be tranfmitted to fuch colleftors or chief officers, and be by them received.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid receiver of corn Receiver of

returns (hall, and he is hereby required, within feven days after corn returns

the fifteenth day of Augujl, within feven days after the fifteenth	cnods

day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, ^ average0 S

and within feven days after the fifteenth day of February, the prices of corn

fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of Augujl, and the fif- and oatmeal

teenth day of November in each and every fucceeding year, to

make up and compute, from the fix laft weekly certificates by weej.s>

him tranfmitted, according to the directions of this aft, to the and tranfmit

refpeftive colleftors, and other chief officers of the cuftoms in the fame to the

each refpeftive diftrift in that part of Great Britain called Eng- ^e,v.t,ra^ °^lctrs i	r	., 6 j of thecuttomb,

I:: nil,

Hosted by



importation,

See.

I54 Anno regni tricefitno tertio GeoRGH III. c. 65. [179^'

as the rule for land., the average price of each refpeftive fort of corn and of oatmeal during the faid fix weeks in each fuch diftrift; and the faid receiver of corn returns is hereby diretfied, without delay, to tranfmit to the colleftors and other chief officers of the cuftoms of the feveral ports or places in each diftrift, a cer-J tificate of the average prices of the feveral forts of corn and of oatmeal, made up and computed as above direfted; and the faid refpeftive colleftors, and other chief officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuftom houfe thereto belonging, to which all persons may refort; and the importation of each fort of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the payment of the duty thereon within that diftrift:, (hall be governed and regulated by fuch average prices, until new average prices fhall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to fuch colleftors or other chief officers, and be by them received.

IV.	And whereas ^ by the afotefaid aft, the receiver of cor ft returns is direCted7 in cafe a fufficient number of returns, conformable to the directions of the faid aCt7 fall not be made fro?n any one or more of the faid, diJlriCis7 nor a copy of the account of the average prices of the feveral forts of corn and of oatmeal fold and delivered within the city of London andfuburbt thereof to compute from the quantities arid prices of the feveral forts of corn and of oatmeal, in the accounts returned to him from all the other parte of the kingdom^ the average price of each jort of corn and of oatmeal, and to tranfmit a certificate thereof to the collectors or chief officers of the ports of every fuch dijlriCt, from which fufficient returns Jhall not have been made: by which certificate the importation aud exportation of corn and other articles Jhall be regulated in every fuch diftridy till a new certificate he received by fuch officers : and whereas, by reafon of the different manners of afeertaining the price of corn ejlabli/hed by the faid aCiy and the different periods at which the fame are directed to be afeertained in different parts of the kingdom, doubts have arifen as ta the manner in which the faid receiver ought to compute the faid general average price of corn and of oatmeal in the whole kingdom: and ivhereas, by reafon of the different periods at which the faid price is directed to be afeertained in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in that part of Great Britain called England, difficulties mujl arife in computing the general average price of the whole kingdom; be it further enafted, That the faid receiver of corn re-toVnfert^inthe turns (hall, and he is hereby authorifed and required to make up Gazette the and compute, at the end of every week, from the average prices of the feveral forts of corn and of oatmeal returned to him in the



Receiver of corn returns

weekly average prices of corn and oatmeal in each county, and the general aggregate prices in

week immediately preceding, from each city and town in each refpeftive county, whether inland or maritime, in that part of Great Britain called England, (fuch average prices being afeertained and computed in manner before refpeftively direfted in the faid aft and in this aft), the average price of each fort of corn and of oatmeal in each county; and further, to makeup and

Compute,

Hosted by

1793-3 Anno regni tricesimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 65.	255

compute, at the end of every week, from the average of the England, and county prices fo afcertained, the general average price of each the like ave-fort of corn and of oatmeal in England., and to caufe the fame [^Scotland refpedlively to be publifhed in The London Gazette once in every monthly, week; and alfo to make up and compute monthly, from the returns received by him monthly from the fheriff or fherifF depute in each county, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,, the average price of each fort of corn and of oatmeal during the four preceding weeks in each fuch county; and further, to make up and compute from the average of the county prices fo afcertained, the general average price of each fort of corn and of oa.tmea! in Scotlandf, during the four preceding weeks, and to caufe the fame refpedtively to be published in The London Gazette once in every month.

V.	And be it further enabled, That if a fufficient number of In cafeafuffi-

returns, conformable to the diredtions of the faid add, (hall not cient number

be made from any one or more of the diftridls in England or in t ietu™

/-»	7 r r '	1	r	r	,	6	r	,	mail not be

Scotland relpectively, or in cale no copy of the account or the made from any

average prices of corn and of oatmeal fold and delivered within diftridts, the

the city of London, and fuburbs thereof, be tranfmitted to the receiver of

receiver of corn returns by the infpedfor appointed for the faid corn returns r T 1	•	r	3	r r	„	,	,	,	to tranfmit a

city of London, or in cale any tort or corn or oatmeal ihould be certificate of

entirely omitted in all the returns of any diftridl, or in the faid the general account received from the infpedfor for the city of London, the average prices faid receiver of corn returns (hall and he is hereby authorifed	^ ci^oms

and required, in every fuch cafe, to tranfmit a certificate of the therein, as the general average price of each fort of corn or of oatmeal, or of rule for im-any fort of corn or of oatmeal which may have been omitted as portation and aforefaid, computed as above directed, for England and for Scot- exPortatlon* land refpedtively, as the cafe may be, to the collectors or other chief officers of the ports of every fuch diftridt in England or Scotland refpedtively, as the cafe may be; and according to fuch average prices contained in fuch certificate the importation and exportation of corn and other articles (hall be regulated in every fuch diftridt, till a new certificate be received by fuch officers ; any thing in the before mentioned add, pafied in the thirty-firffi year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And whereas by the aforefaid aft it is enabled. That his Ma- Claufe 70 of fifty, his heirs and fuccejfors, be ayid he and they is and are thereby 31 Gep- 3* c-authorifed, with the advice of his and their privy council, at any ^ndRepealed time when parliament is not fitting, and when the average price of *

any fort of corn or of oatmeal, taken from the returns of the whole kingdom, is higher than the price at or above which foreign corn, meal, or flour, of the fame fort, is allowed by law to be imported at the low duties fpecifled in table (D) in the faid aft, to prohibit generally, for a limited time, the exportation from this kingdom of any fort of corn or other articles as aforefaid, and in like manner to permit generally the importation, on the lowefl duties then payable, of anv fort of foreign corn, meal, or flour, and in like manner to recall fuch prohibition or permijjion, if circumfances Jhall appeal' fo to require:

and

i	Hosted	by	

permit the importation, or taking from warehoufes foreign corn, &c. for home coni'u mpti on in certain

256 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. [1793.

and if any person Jhall import or export any corn or other articles as aforefaid, contrary to fuel? prohibition or permijfion of his Majejly, by and with the advice of his privy council, the person fo importing or exporting the fame Jhall be fubjeSl and liable to the like forfeitures a?id penalties, and the Jaid corn or other articles, and the Jhip. or vejfel in •;which the fa?ne Jhall be imported or exported, Jhall be fubjeft and liable to the like forfeitures, as if the /aid corn or other articles zvere imported or exported contrary to the provifions of that or any other alt: provided always, ’That as often as the importation of any fort of corn, meal or flour, on the low duties, Jhall be permitted by his Majejly, his heirs or fucccjfors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, fuch permijfion Jhall continue in force for thefpace of three months at leaf from the date of the order of council made council^ma^	'°T	PurP°fe) be at further enadfed, That the faid provifion be,

prohibitThe	an<^	t^e ^ame IS ^ere^y repealed ; and that it fhall and may be

exportation of lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, and he and they corn, &c. or is and are hereby authoriled, with the advice of his or their privy council, at any time when the general average price of any fort of corn or of oatmeal in England or Scotland refpec-tively, taken as herein-before diredled, {hall appear to be at or above the price at or above which foreign corn, meal, or flour* of the fame fort, is allowed by law to be imported from Ireland, or the province of hiebec, or the other Britijh colonies and plantations in North America, at the firft low duties fpecified in the table marked (E) in the faid a£l, to prohibit generally, for a limited time, the exportation from England or Scotland reflectively, as the cafe may be, of any fuch fort of corn or other articles as aforefaid; and in like manner, at any time when the average price of any fort of corn or of oatmeal in England and Scotland refpedfively taken as herein-before diredted, {hall appear to be at or above the price at or above which foreign corn, meal* or flour of the fame fort is allowed by law to be imported from any other foreign country, at the firft low duty fpecified in the faid table marked (£), to permit generally the importation into England or Scotland refpedtively, as the Cafe may be, or the taking out of warehoufe for home confumption, ot any fuch fort of foreign coni, meal, or flour, on payment of the fecond low duty only, and no other, and in like manner to recall fuch prohibition or permiflion, if circumftances {hall appear fo to require ; and if any person (hall import or export any corn or other articles as aforefaid, contrary to fuch prohibition or permiflion of his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, the person 10 importing or exporting the fame (hall bef fubjedf and liable to the like forfeitures and penalties, and the laid corn or other articles, and the {hip or veilel in which the fame fhall be imported or exported, fhall be fubjedf and liable to' the like forfeitures as if the faid corn or other articles were imported or exported contrary to the provifions ot this or any Permiflion for other adf : provided always, That as often as the importation of importing	any fort of corn, meal, or flour, on the low duties, fhall be

coin, &c. to permitted bv his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, by and with

continue 3	*	**	J J -	/

mourns.	tac

Penalty for importing or exporting con trary hereto.

 

tygS’l Anrto fegrii tricefirrso tertia GeorGii III, c. 5.	257

the advice of his or their privy council, fuch permiffion fhall continue in force for the fpace of three months at lead from the date of the order of council made for that purpofe, unlefs fuch order be made before the thirtieth day of June one thoufend ti {even hundred and ninety-three.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That the The exPort*-

power hereby granted to his Majedy, his heirs and fucceflors, cc^rn °&cr^gn with the advice of his or their privy council, to prohibit the warehoufed exportation from England and Scotland refpeftively, of any fort agreeably to of corn and other articles as aforefaid, fhall not extend, or be recited adts, condrued to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or Hour, that	e

fhall have been imported, and fhall be warehoufed in manner

and on the conditions mentioned in the faid act, palled in the thirty-Hrd year of his prefent Majefty’s reign.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That in every HisMflefty in fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs council may and fucceflors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to Permit the permit the carrying coadwife, or carrying out, or the exporta-

tion of the feveral forts of corn, and other articles herein-before corn, for the

mentioned, for any *of the purpofes mentioned in the faid ait or purpofesmen*

in this a6t, in like manner, and in the fame proportions and tlo'?ed ,n the.

quantities* and from and to the fame ports and places, as is by ^^thoug?13

the faid add or by this prefent a St allowed, at fuch times as any prohibited to

of the feveral forts of corn or othep articles before mentioned, be exported

are prohibited to be exported, by reafon of the price of any °n account of

fuch fort of corn beins; at or above the price mentioned in table ^ Prip?being o	1	or	aoove

(B), in the faid adf contained, fubjedl to the like fecurities, con- the price men-

ditions, regulations and redrictions, forfeitures and penalties as tinned in ta-

are by that a£f, or by any other act now in force in any fuch ble (B) of re-

cafe required and impofed.	Clted a(^'

IX.	Provided alfo, That if any person or persons fhall have The quantity entered outwards any corn or other articles as aforefaid, and dipped of corn* fhall have begun to (hip or lay the fame on board before fuch ^^twards^ prohibition to export {hall be made, it (hall be lawful for h s and begun to Majefty, his heirs and fuccedors, by and with the advice of his be flipped beer their privy council, if he or they fhall think fit, to permit Tore prohibi-the exportation of fuch corn or other articles actually dripped or permitted tef laden on board, or fo much thereof exprefled in fuch entry, as be exported, fhall have been fo (hipped or laden on. board at the time of the

date of fuch prohibition, to export in the fame manner as if fuch prohibition to export had not been made.

X.	And be it further enabled, That copies of fuch orders Orders in made by his Majelly in council for the purpofes aforefaid, if council to be made when parliament is fitting, be laid before both houfes of parliament within three days after the fame fhall have been iliued ;

and if made when parliament is not fitting, then within fourteen days after the meeting <>f the next feflion of parliament.

XI.	An I whereas doubts have anjen^ whether wheats and the fe- From July 15, veral articles enumerated in table (A) in'tbefaidcan, .according 1793 > ro arti-

Oort

cles in table

to the directions of the /aid act, be removed coajhvifeffro.-n a	^	^

where the exportation is allowed unibout any bounty, to a port from ^ited a<5b to

Vol. XXXIX.	S	whence be carried

25S Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 65. [1793.

coaftwife from whence the fame may he exported with the allowance of houn ty; be

any port it enafted, That from and after the fifteenth day of July one where expor-	,	J	*/

tation is al- thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, none of the articles

lowed without enumerated in table (A) in the faid recited aft fhall be removed bounty to any or carried coaftwife from any port where the exportation is allowed without bounty, to a port from whence the fame may, according to the directions of the faid aft, be exported with the allowance of bounty, under the penalty of the forfeiture of fuch articles as fhall be removed or carried coaftwife contrary to the directions of this aft: provided always, That nothing in this aft fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any of the faid articles from being removed or carried coaftwife from any port where the exportation is allowed without bounty, and landed in any port where, at the time

port where bounty is allowed, on penalty of forfeiture ;

but not to extend to articles not arriving till bounty is allowed, if it was not allowed at the time of fhip-ping.

of the veftel’s arriving, the exportation (hall be permitted with the allowance of bounty, if it fhall appear by the coaft document that the exportation of fuch article was there allowed without bounty at the time when the fame was actually {hipped to be removed or carried coaftwife.

XII. And be it further enafted, That malt (hall be permitted to be carried coaftwife, or other wife conveyed from any port in Great Britain, where the exportation thereof, according to the regulations of the faid aft, is not allowed at the time that the faid malt was aftually {hipped, and be landed or unfhipped at

Malt may be carried coaftwife from p,orts where exportation is not allowed

to port^where any otner P°rt °f Great Britain, from whence the fame, ac-it may be ex- cording to the regulations of the faid a&, may then be exported, or from any port where the exportation thereof is allowed without bounty at the time that the faid malt was aftually {hipped, and landed or unfhipped at any other port of Great Britain, from whence the fame may be exported with the allowance of bounty, any thing in the faid aft, or in this aft, to the con-bount^iTal^ trary nctvvithftanding: provided always, That due proof be firft lovveV &c. ' ma(Je tfiat the duty of excife has been paid or charged upon the ?	faid malt, and that the fnipper thereof enter into proper fecuri-

ties for carrying the fame coaftwife.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient to permit at all times the Seed corn may carrying of feed corn coaftwife\ be it therefore enafted. That A it (hall and may be lawful for any person to fhip and carry coaftwife, at any time, feed corn, any thing in this aft, or in the the faid aft, or in any other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always, in cafe fuch corn fhall be prohibited to be exported, that during fuch prohibition, on the carrying of fuch corn coaftwife, bond fhall be given,

ported, and from ports where exportation is al- . lowed without bounty,

be carried coaftwife, &c. on certain conditions.

3,% Geo. 3.

50.

purfuant to the directions of an aft palled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, (An aft for the rtlief of the coaft trade of Great Britain ; for exempting certain coaft documents from Jlamp duties; for abolifhing the bond ufually called The Ifle of Man Bond; and for permitting corn and grain brought coaftwife to be tranjhipped into lighters for the purpofe of be-ing carried through the canal from the Forth to the Clyde;) and fuch corn fhall, on the fhipping or removal coaftwife, be fubjeft

and

 

17930 Anno regni triced mo tertio Georgii III. c. 65.	259

and liable to all fuch rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are enafted and provided in the laid I aft recited aft, on the {hipping and removal of goods carried coaftwife.

XIV,	And in order to a [certain that the corn to be Jhipped coaftwife is feed corn, bef it farther enafted, That the person in- Oath to be tending to fiiip the fame fhail before {hipping verify upon oath, before the colleftor, comptroller, or chief officer of the cuftoms IS ce (who is and are hereby empowered to adminifter the fame) that the corn is feed corn, and intended for the purpofe of being ufed as feed corn, and for no other purpofe whatever; and fuch Bond to be gi-perfon fhail alfo give bond (to remain in force twelve months) ven that itfhail that the laid corn fhail be ufed as feed corn, and for no other not be ufed

purpofe whatever, fuch bond to

be giv

r! °

3ii to his Majefty, his

for anv other

heirs and fucceftbrs, in treble the value of the corn, and to he 131 ^ taken by the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms; and in cafe fuch corn fhail be ufed for any other pur- Penalty, pole than as feed corn, the bond fhail be forfeited, and the person fo ufing fuch corn fhail forfeit treble the value thereof.

XV.	And whereas, by the /aid act paffiedjn the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Ma]ejly, the exportation of oatmeal is governed and regulated according to the price of oats; and it is expedient that the exportation thereof fhould be governed and regulated

according to the price of oatmeal: be it therefore enabled, That When oatmeal whenever the price of oatmeal, taken and afeertained according dmllbe under to the rules, regulations, and reftriftions in the faid aft made Q^ty of * and provided with refpeft to oats, ftlall be under thirteen {hillings £Cp tobe per boll, there fhail be allowed and paid on the exportation of paidonexpor-fuch oatmeal in Britijh-built fhips, owned, navigated, and re- tation; but giftered according to law, a bounty of one fiiilling and fix- ported when pence for every fuch boll ; and whenever the price of oatmeal, at Qr above taken as aforefaid, fhail be at or above fourteen (hillings per 14s except as boll, then the fame fhail not be exported, or loaden or laid on *et	ta~

board any fhip, veflel, or boat, in order to be exported, except	re~

to the places from the ports and in the quantities mentioned and fet forth in table (C) in the faid recited aft, under the penalties and forfeitures in the faid aft made and provided.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That fuch oatmeal fhail be fubjeft and liable to all the rules, Such oatmeal

regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, on the re- ^

^	e .	,	7	rr	,	-	r	i	•	ii-ii	1	to the rules 01

moval or fmppmg thereof, as oatmeal is lubj-ect and liable to by 31 Qto 3>

virtue of the faid aft, palled in the thirty-fii ft year of his pre- c. 30, See.

fent Majefty’s reign, and of this prefent aft, and alfo the faid

recited aft palled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his

prefent Majefty.

XVII.	And ivhereas the quantity of corn and other articles per-

mitted by the aforefaid aft to be exported in one year to Hud ion's Bay, as often as the prices of the different forts of corn are at or above the prices contained in the table (B) in the fa id aft, have been found inefficient \ be it further enafted, That as often as tine ^.‘:en prices of corn or other articles fhail be at or above the prices	^

contained in the faid table (R), it fhail and may be lawful to or above the

S	2	export	prices in ta«

 

260 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65. [1793.

ble(B)of re* export from the port of London to Hudfon’s Bay, for the benefit

cited adt, cer- ^ Hudfon’s Bay company, and their fervants refiding there, tain quantities	.	J	r	J	,	/	.	,	^	r	.

maybe ex-	any quantity of corn and other articles, not exceeding nve hun-

ported to	dred tons of wheat, meal, or flour, nor one thoufand quarters of

Hudfon’s Bay, oats, oatmeal, grots, barley, peas, beans, malt, and bifcuit, in, one year, under the rules, regulations, conditions, and reftric-tions provided in the faid a6t refpedfing corn and other articles fo exported to Hudjons Bay, for the benefit of the Hudfon’s Bay company, and their fervants refiding there, and alfo to XVIIL And be it further enadted, That as often as the Sierra Leone,	prices of the different forts of corn (hall be at or above the prices

contained in the faid table (B), it {hall be lawful to export from the port of London to the fettlement of Sierra Leone, for the benefit of the Sierra Leone company, and the fettlers refiding there, any quantity of corn, not exceeding twenty-one tons of wheat flour or oatmeal, and twenty-five quarters of barley and peas, in one year, under the like rules, regulations, conditions, and reftridlions as are provided in the faid adf refpedling corn and other articles fo exported to the Britifh forts, caftles, or factories in Africa, by the committee of the company of merchants trading to Africa.

XIX.	And whereas by the faid aft. it is enafted, That it J.hall be lawful for his Majefiy, by and with the advice of his privy counci/, during fuch times as parliament floall not be fittings in certain cafes, to allow, in. addition to the quantities fpecifed in table (C) in the fuel aft, the exportation of any of the foi'ts of corny or cf the other articles in the faid aft before mentioned, not exceeding a limited quantity in any one year : and whereas it is expedient that his Ma-jefty Jhould have the fame power during fuch ti?ne as parliament Jhall In cafes of be fitting : be it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for his war. See. his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, at all Majefty in times, in cafes of war, hurricane, dearth, or fudden diftrefs, to council may allow, in addition to the. quantities fpecified in the fame table additional11 (^) an<^ *n addition to the quantities herein-before permitted to quantities of exported to Hudfon’s Bay and to the fettlement of Sierra corn, &c.to Leone, the exportation of any of the forts of corn, or of the he exported, other articles aiorefaid, in any quantities not exceeding fix thoufand quarters of each of the feveral forts of urrground corn, and three thoufand tons of each of the feveral forts of ground corn or bifcuit in any one year, under the fame rules and regulations, conditions and reflriciions, in fuch cafe provided in the faid a St pafied in the thirty-fir A year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or in this prefent a61.

XX.	And whereas the allowance of twenty J.billings given by the faid aft, paffed in the thirty-firJl year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, to the fhcrijf and ftcvjart deputes in Scotland for each monthly return made by them of the prices of corn and of oatmeal within their refpeftive dftriftsy is not fuff dent to defray the expences incurred by them in fuminonirig juries and vntneffes, and paying the officers and idsfor tkar .trouble in carrying the faid left-mentioned aft into execution $

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66.	261

tion ; be it further enafted, That the faiJ fheriff and ftewart Sheriff and deputes, over and above the fuin of twenty fhillings allowed to them by the faid laft-mentioned a ft, for making out each re- Jan(j t0 charge turn, fhall be entitled to charge in their accounts in the ex- their actual chequer in Scotland, the real and aftual expences incurred by expences. them from and fince the commencement of the faid laft-mentioned aft, or fhall be hereafter incurred in fummoning juries and witneffes, and in carrying the fa id laft-mentioned act into execution.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That if any fhip or veftel Corn, See. fhall arrive at Borroiufonefs, laden with corn, meal, or flour de-ftined for the weft coaft of Scotland, and that the importer, conveyed from proprietor, or confignee thereof, or his agent, fhall be defirous Borrowftonefs to convey fuch corn, meal, or flour, in lighters, by or through through the the canal called The Forth and Clyde Canal Navigation, to any port Forth and or creek at the weft end of the faid canal, or on the weft coaft to^the welt* of Scotland, fuch corn, meal, or flour may then be imported Coalt of Scot-on payment of the duties called The Low Duties ; , and it land on p.\y-fhall and may be lawful to unfhip fuch corn, meal, or flour into a lighter or lighters, and therein to convey the fame by or through the faid canal to fuch port or creek as aforefaid, fubjeft neverthelefs to the like conditions, regulations, feciirities, and reftriftions, in all refpefts, as corn, meal, or flour which fhall be unfhipped at Grangemouth in the county of Stirlings to be conveyed by the faid canal in lighters to any fuch port or creek as aforefaid, at the weft end of the faid canal, or on the weft cqaft of jScotland^ is made fubjeft to by the faid aft, or by an aft, pafled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the relief of the cocjl trade °f ^ o° ^ Great Britain ; for exempting certain coaf documents from famp duties y for abolijhing the bond ufually called The Ifle of Man Bond ; and for permitting corn and grain brought coaf wife to be tranjhippecl into lighters, for the purpofe of being carried through the canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

CAP. LX VI.

An aft for the encouragement of feamen, and for the better and more effeftually manning his Majefys navy.—[June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS divers injurious proceedings have lately been had Preamble.

in France, in derogation of the honour of his Ma jelly’s crownx and of the jufl rights of his fubjefts : and whereas fever a I unjuf feizures, have been there made of the J,hips and goods of hi$

Majeffs fubjefts^ contrary to the laws of nations, and to the faith

of treaties: and whereas the [aid afts of unprovoked hofility have

been followed by an open declaration of war againf his Majefys and

his ally the republick of the United Provinces: and whereas his Order in

Majefy, by order in council, dated the eleventh day of February one	°x

thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, was pleafed to order, that '	*	^

general reprifals be granted' againf the Jhips, goods y and fubjefts of

F ranee, Jo that as well his Majefys feet and Jhips, as alfo all

ither Jhips and vejfels that Jhould be cornmijfionated by letter* of marque,

S3

by 

162	Annoregni	tricesimo tertto GeoRGIJ III. c. [1793.

or general reprijals, or ctherwife, by his Majefly s commiff oners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Geat Britain, fhall and lawfully may Jeize all flips, veffels and goods belonging to France, or to any perjons beingfidjetis of France, or inhabiting within any of the territories of France, and bring the fame to judgement: novj for the encouragement of the officers andfeamen of his Majefly*s flips of zuar, and of the owners and officers and fiamen of all other Britifti Jlvps and veffels having commijjions or letters of marque ; and for inducing all Frill fa fiamen, who may be in any foreign fervice, to re-tarn into this kingdom, and become jerviceable to his Majefly; and for the more ejfefinal fecuring and extending the trade of his Ma* jefiys jubjefis, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent ma-jelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament .affembled, Officers and	and by the authority of the fame, That the flag officers, corn-

men of his	manders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, on

Majcfty’s Ihips board every fhip and veffel of war in his Majefty’s pay, fhall have the foie intereft and property of all in and and every fhip, veffel, goods and merchandizes which they have taken fince the eleventh day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety* which maybe three, or fhall hereafter take during the continuance of hoftili-

of war to have all fliips and cargoes takm, or

taken, fince Feb. 11, 1793 divided agr.ee ably to proclamation of April 17,

m 3*

ties againfl France, after the fame fhall have been adjudged lawful prize to his Majeftv in any of his Majefly’s courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majefly’s plantations in America y or elfewhere, which fhall be duly authofifed to take cognizance of fuch captures, to be divided in fuch proportions, and after fuch manner, as his Majefly hath, by his proclamation of the feventeenth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, already ordered and directed, or as his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefiors, fhall think fit to order and diredl, by proclamation or proclamations to be iflued for thofe purpofes.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers on board every fhip and veffel of war in his Majefly’s pay, being armed, officered, and employed in his Majefty’s fervice, who fhall take any fortrefs upon the land, or in zn^Si any arms> ammunition, flores of war, goods, merchandize, and cretkVeiciid- treafure belonging to the flate, or to any publick trading compan}', ed thereby,	of the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, upon the land,

,ftc.	or any fhip or veffel, cr merchandizes laden on board the fame, .

in any creek, river, haven or road, belonging to and defended by the laid fortrefs upon the land, fhall have the foie intereft anc} property of and in all and every luch fhip or fhips, veffel or veflels, arms, ammunition, flores of war, goods, merchandize, and treafure, after final adjudication thereof as lawful prize in any of his Maje fly’s courts of admiralty, duly authorifed as aforefaid, (which courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other cafes of prize), to be diftributed by his Majefly in fuch proportions and manner as herein-before is mentionedv Where the na- XII. Provided always neverthelefs, That in all conjtindl expedi-vy and army tjons 0f ^ naVy ancj army againfl any fuch fortrefs upon the land,

directed

or to be en~ titled to arms, taken in any fortrefs upon land.

a & jointly

 

fettle the di* viQon, See.

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66.	263

directed by inftruefions from his Majefty, the flag and general offi-a£ajnft a f°r-cers and commanders, and other officers, feamen marines, and tl^[-0tI|1^pr°* foldiers, adting in fuch conjunct expedition, fhall have fuch pro- prizes to be as portionable intereft and property as his Majefty, under his fign hisMajefty manual, (hall think fit to order and diredt, in all and every the arms, fhall direct; ammunition, ftores of war, goods, merchandizes, and treafure, belonging to the ftate, or to any publick trading company of the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, which {hall be found in any fuch fortrefs, and alfo in all and every {hip and lhips, veflel and veflels, with their arms, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, and all and every the merchandize and other effects on board, which {hall be captured in any road, haven, river, or creek, belonging to and defended by fuch fortrefs, after final adjudication thereof as lawful prize.

IV.	Provided likewife, and be it ena£led. That if no in- but if no in-

ftru&ions fhall have been given by his Majefty for the divifion Rytidtions are of the fhips, goods, and merchandizes, to be captured in any	Jhe	’

expedition agairrft any fortrefs on the land, it {hall be lawful refpe&ive

for the refpeftive commanders in chief of the fleet and of the commanders army employed, to make agreements in writing for the divifion of the fhips, goods, and merchandizes fo to be taken, between the Paid fleet and army, which agreements being approved and confirmed by his Majefty, fhall be binding on all perfons, and the {hare affigned to the fleet by fuch’ agreement fhall be diftributed therein according to his Majefty’s proclamation, and the fhare affigned to the army fhall be diftributed amongft the officers and foldiers in proportions correfpondent thereto,

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That the intereft and property Army not to hereby given to the army employed on fuch conjunct expedi- ^are ln Pri~ tions fhall not extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to tureefm the entitle the faid army to fhare in the diftribution of any {hips or voyage, veflels, goods, merchandize, or effedts, captured in the voyage to

or from fuch fortrefs.

VI.	Provided alfo, That the fnares of prize of all fuch offi- Shares of officers and feamen, who {hall be marked on the books of any (hip ccr3 ant* ^ or veflel in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, as ™cnnthe^ having run therefrom, and alfo the lhares of all fuch officers and fervice, or feamen, marines, foldiers, and others, which fhall not be legal- lhares not de-ly demanded within three years after the fame {hall have been y^anded with-paid to the treafurer of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, by vir- time,'"to be tue of any Jaw then in force, fhall be forfeited to and to the ufe forfeited;

of the faid royal hofpital, unlefs with refpedf to fuch officers and un]ef9 the run feamen as fhall be marked run, fuch mark fhall be taken off by mark be taken order of the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high off, and caufe admiral of Qreat Britain, or by order of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy; and unlefs with refpedft to the {hares of fuch not demanded officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, and others, which fhall not m the d be claimed within the time above limited in that behalf, rea- time-fonable caufe fhall be {hewn and allowed by the governors of the faid hofpital for the time being, or by the judge of the high court of admiralty, why fuch laft mentioned {hares were not claimed in due time.

s 4	VII.	And

Hosted by



264	Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

Commanders VII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, to toKeit^War	^	any	caPta*n or other commander of any of his Majefty’s

fh ares of fhips or vefiels of war having tranfports or merchant fhips or prizes, in cer- vefll-ls under convoy, (hall wilfully defert or fail away from them, tain cafes. in purfuit of, and with the view of capturing any fhip or veffel of the enemy (other than fhips or vefiels armed and fitted for war only, and which (hail be feen hovering about or bearing down upon fuch convoy\ or having captured a prize fhall wilfully defert the convoy for the pirpofe of carrying his prize into port, or if the commander of any fh<p or veffel whatfoever, having his Majefty’s difpatches on board, fhall fail out of his proper , courfe, in purfuit, and with the view of making prize of any fhip or veffel of the enemy, and ffiali be duly convidted thereof by fente.nce of a court martial, fuch commande-t^jfiall forfeit his {hare of all and every fuch, prize to his Majefty for the ufe of Greenwich hofpital.

Captains of VIII. And be it further enabled. That if the captain of any merchantfliips merchant fhip under convoy fhall wilfully difobey ftgnals, or in-commlmfelof ftri*aions> or any other lawful commands of the commander of the^convoy, * the convoy*/ or (hall defert the convoy without notice given and liable to pu- leave obtained for that purpole, he fhall be liable to be articled nifhment. againft in the high court of admiralty at the fuit of the crown, for difobedience to the orders of the convoy, and upon convidtion thereof fhall be fined, at the diferetjon of the faid court, in any fum not exceeding five hundred pounds, and {ball fuffer fuch im-prifonment, not exceeding one year, as the faid court fhall ad** judge.

Admiralty	IX.	And	be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That

mayiffuelet- the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffiohers for ter s of marque. executjng the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them impowered and appointed, fhall, at the j'cqueft of any owner or owners, whom they fhall deem fitly qualified, of any (hip or veffel regiftered purfuant to the directions of an aof parliament made and paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An atf for the fur-ther increafe and encouragement of flipping and navigation (fuch owner or owners giving fuch bail or fecurity as hereafter is mentioned or expreffed), caufe to be iftued in the ufual manner one or more commiftion or commiffions, or letter or letters of marque and reprizal, to any person or persons whom fuch owner or owners fhall nominate to be commander, or in cafe of death fucceflively commanders of fuch fhip or veffel for the attacking, furprizing, feizing, and taking, by and with fuch fhip or veffel, or with the crew thereof, any place or fortrefs upon the land, or any fhip or veffel, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods or merchandize, belonging to or poffeffed by any of his Majefty’s Prizes vncen enemies, in any fea, creek, haven, or river ; and that fuch fhip by privates? or fhips, veffel or veffels, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, amon ^the^ Sooc*s> anc* merchandizes whatfoever, with all their furniture, owners of the taF^)e> an^ aPPare^ fo to be taken by or ypith fuch private owner

or

  ■

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii IIL c. 66.	265

or owners (hip or vefiel, according to fuch commifiion, and com- veffels and millions, or letter or letters of marque, after final adjudication ^y^reVoru as lawful prize in the high court of admiralty, or in any other court of admiralty in his Majefty’s dominions, which (hall be duly authorifed thereto as aforefaid, (hall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner and owners of fuch (hip or velTel, and the feveral persons who (hall be on board the fame, and be aiding and afiifting in the taking thereof, in fuch (hares and proportions as {hall be agreed on with the owner or owners of fuch (hip or vefiel as (hall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, and the persons who (hall be entitled thereto, by virtue of fuch agreements among themfelves; and that neither his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, nor any admiral, vice admiral, governor, or other person commillioned by, or claiming under his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, nor any other person or persons whomfoever, other than the owner or owners of fuch (hip or vefTel, being the captor of fuch prize fhip or vefibl, arms, ammunition, fiores of war, goods, and merchandizes, and the persons claiming under fuch agreements, (hall be entitled to any part or (hare thereof, except as to the cuftoms and duties hereafter mentioned; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

X.	Provided always, That nothing in this a£t contained {hall Captured extend, or be conftrued to extend, to entitle any person or per- ^to^thc fons to any intereft in fuch (hips or veflels, goods or merchan- excite,* to be-dizes as may be captured by any private ihips or vefieis of war Joflg to his belonging to his iViajefty’s ccmmifiicners of cuftoms or excite, Majefty.

but that the fame mips or vefieis, goods and merchandizes, fo captured, (hall belong to his Majefty, and be applied and dif-pofed of in fuch manner as his Majetty, under his iign manual,

{hall order and direct, after legal adjudication thereof.

XI.	And, for the encouragement of the capture 'of fmall armed

Jhips belonging to the enemy, be it further enacted, That it (ball Small priva-. and may be lawful to and for the captors to include in one adiu- Jeers taken

r r \ r n J , from the Ctie-

dication any number, not exceeding lix, of fuch lmall armed rnvmaybein-fhips, having a commifiion or letter of marque from the enemy, eluded in one not exceeding fifty tons each, and which (hall have been taken adjudication, within the lpace of three months preceding the application to the court of admiralty for fuch adjudication.

XII.	Provided always, That nothing in this a£I contained Privatefhipsof {hall entitle any private (hip or vefiel, having a commifiion for co^vo^f his war, and which (hall receive general orders and inftrudtions Majefty"s 13 from, and put herfelf under the convoy of any of his Majefty’s fhips, not en-fhips or vefieis, to (hare in any prize or prizes taken by fuch titled to (hare (hips or veflels of his Majefty, or by fuch private fhip or vefiel

having a commifiion for war, or letter of marque, whilft the faid ^ commiflioned (hip or vefiel (hall remain under the care and protection of fuch convoy, unlefs fuch private (hip or vefiel (hall (Exception.) have received orders from the commander of the convoying (hip

to

 

266

Prizes to be liable to duties

Previous to granting letters of

marque, fecii-rity to be taken.

Sureties to make oath of their fufficicn-cy, of which the officer of the court of

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. [1793,'

to chafe, or othervvife aft hoftilely againft the enemy, and (hall have been actually aiding and aflifting in fuch capture.

XIII.	Provided always,,and be it declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exempt any fhips, goods, wares, or merchandizes, which (hall be taken as prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majefty’s dominions, from the payment of any cuftoms or duties, or from being fub-jeft to the reftriftions. and regulations to which the fame now are, or fhall hereafter be liable, by virtue of the laws and flatutes of this realm.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That before the granting or ifluing of any com million or letter of marque, in purfuance of this a61, fuch bail and fecurity (hall be taken as hath been ufual in fuch cafes ; a,nd that previous thereto the persons who propofe to be bound and give fuch fecurity fhall feverally make oath before the judge of the high court of admiralty of England, or judge of any other court of admiralty which fhall be authorifed as aforefaid, in any other of his Majefty’s dominions, or his or their furrogates, that they the faid persons who fhall become fureties are at the time of their being fworn

enquire and report.

admiralty is to refpeftively worth more than the funi for which they are to be bound, over and above all their juft debts: and moreover, the marfhal for the time being of the laid high court of admiralty, and of any of the laid other courts, or his deputy, fhall make diligent enquiry, and certify him or themfelves of the fufficiency of fuch bail and fecurity, and make thereupon a report to fuch judge, or his furrogate, before any fuch commiflion or letter of marque fhall be granted.

XV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every person or persons who fhall apply to the faicj lord high admiral of Great Britain, or commiflioners for execute

Applications for letters of marque to be made in writing, and to contain the particulars herein fpcci-fied.

ing the being.

office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time or any person or persons by him or them impowered and appointed, in order to obtain any commiflion or letter of marque to be granted or iffiied forth in purfuance of this add, fhall make every fuch application in writing, and therein fet forth a particular, true, and exaft description of the fhip or veflel for which fuch commiflion or letter of marque is requefted, fpecifying the name and burthen of fuch fhip or veflel, what fort of built fhe is, and the number and nature of the guns on board the fame, to what place belonging, and the name or names of the owner or owners of fuch fhip or veflel, and the number of men intended to be put on board the fame (all which particulars fhall be in-ferted in every commifliorr or letter of marque to be granted in Commanders purfuance of this aft) ; and that every commander of a private °rod^ceetheir° or ve^ war> f°r which a commiflion or letter of marque comnflflions11" &all be granted in purfuance of this aft, fhall produce fuch com-to the officer million or letter of marque to the colleftor, cuftomer, or fearcher, of the cuftoms for the time being, of his Majefty’s cuftoms, refiding at or be-at the port of Ionging

to the port from whence fuch fhip or veflel fhall be firft

fitted

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. <z6j

fitted out, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of fuch collector, fitting out* cuftomer, or fearcher; and the faid collector, cuftomer, or examine the fearcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, fliail, as foon ^ipS> anc^ thereafter as conveniently may be, without fee or reward, in- grant certifi-fpecft and examine fuch {hip or veiled, fo as to afcertain the built cates of clear-and burthen thereof, and the number of men, and the number ance*

2nd nature of the guns on board the fame; and if fuch fhip or yefiel (hall thereupon be found to be of fuch built and burthen, and be manned and armed according to the tenor of the defcrip-tion inferted in fuch corn million or letter of marque as aforefaidj or be of a greater burthen or force than (hall be mentioned in fuch comrnifiion or letter of marque, then and not otherwife fuch colledlor, cuftomer, or fearcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, fhall, and he and they are hereby required, immediately upon the requeft of the commander of fuch fhip or veiled, to give 2 certificate thereof in writing under his or their hand or hands, gratis, to fuch commander, which certificate fhall be deemed a neceflary clearance before fuch fhip or veiTel fhall be permitted to fail from that port: and if the commander of any fhip or vef- penaityon fel, for which any commifiion or letter of marque fhall have been commanders granted in purfuance of this a£l, fhall depart with fuch fhip or for departing veiTel from fuch port of clearance before he hath received fuch ft^esUtor^" certificate, or fhall depart from any fuch port, or proceed upon with aWs 2 cruize, with a force inferior to the force fpecified in fuch com- force than million or letter of marque, every fuch commifiion or letter of fpecified inthe marque fhall from thenceforth be abfolutely null and void, and *etter °5 the commander fo offending fhall forfeit and pay the fum of one ^ thoufand pounds, to be recovered, with full coifs of fuit, by any person or persons who will fue for the fame, by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no efToin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed; and fhall alfo be imprifoned for fuch fpace of time as fuch court fhall direct, not exceeding one year for any one offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any collector, cuftomer, or fearcher of his Majefty’s Penalty on cuftoms, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, fhall grant a officers of the certificate for any fhip or veiTel which fhall not be of the burthen.f.^^erti* and force fpecified in the commifiion or letter of marque granted fortes.6 ^ ** fo the commander or commanders thereof, or fhall certify to a greater burthen or force than fhe really is, he fhall for fuch offence forfeit his faid office, and be for ever incapable of holding any office under government whatfoever, and fhall alfo forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, with full cofts of fuit, by any perfon- or persons who will fue for the fame, by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, in which no efToin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed; and one moiety of the faid penalty of one hundred Application of pounds, when recovered, fhall be paid to the informer or in- forfeiture, ‘formers, and one moiety to the treafurer for the time being of u	the

 

icS

Burthens of ■veffels to be aicertained by certificates of regiftry, to be produced before iffuing letters of marque.

VcfTels to which letters of marque are granted to be deemed li-cenicd.

Letters of marque to be forfeited for offences againft the revenue laws.

Letters of marque may be revoked.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii I'll. c. 66. [1793.

the corporation for the relief and fupport of the Tick, maimed, and diiabled feamen, and of the widows and children of fuch as {hall be killed, flain, or drowned in the fervice of the merchants, for the ufe of fuch corporation; or where fuch forfeiture (hall be incurred in any of the out ports in which a corporation is efta^ blifhed, or fhall hereafter be effabli filed, for the purpofes afore-faid, then one moiety of fuch penalty fhall be paid to the truftees, for the ufe of the corporation fo to be eftablifhed.

XVII.	Provided always. That the burthen of fuch flirp or veffel fo to be certified fhall be afeertained by the certificate of regiffry granted for fuch fhip or veffel, under and purfuant to the directions of the faid recited aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, which certificate {hall be produced to the faid lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing the faid office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, before the iffuing of any commifiion or letter of marque for fuch fhip or veffel.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every fhip and veffel for which fuch commifiion or letter of marque fliall be granted as aforefaid, and for and during the time that fuch commifiion or letter of marque fhall remain in force under the authority of this aft, and no longer, fhall be deemed and taken to be a fhip or yeliel licenfed purfuant to an aft of parliament made and palled in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An adi for the more effectual prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom, although the owner or owners of fuch fhip or veffel fliall not have been furnifhed with the licence required by the faid recited act.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That in cafe the owner or owners, commander, mafter, or other person havr ing or taking the charge or command of any fhip or veffel, for which fuch commifiion or letter of marque fhall be iffued as aforefaid, fhall be guilty of any offence contrary to any aft or afts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, for the proteftion of his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms or excife, or for the prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom, fuch owner or owners, commander, mafter, and other perfon, fliall forfeit the commifiion or letter of marque fo iffued for fuch fhip or veffel, over and befides all other penalties and forfeitures which he or they fliall have incurred by reafon of fuch offence.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, at any time or times hereafter, to revoke and make void, by any order or orders in writing under his or their hand or hands, any commifiion or commiffions, or letter or letters of marque, which hath, have been, or fliall be iffued forth to any person or persons who hath, have been, or fhall be nominated commander or commanders of any fhip or veffel, either in purfuance of his Majefty’s order in council, or this prefent aft.:

provided

 

1793*1 Annb regm trkefirno tertio GeDRoII IIL c. 65.	269

provided neverthelefs, That the fecretary of the admiralty for the Secretary to time being fhall with all convenient fpeed, after any and every fuch commiflion or letter of marque {hall be fo revoked, caufe 0f fuchrevo-notice thereof in writing to be forthwith fent to the owner or cation, which owners of the fhip or veffel named or defcribed in fuch order of ihall take effect revocation, or to his or their agent or agents, furety or fureties, or fome or one of them ; and in cafe fuch fhip or veffel fhall be in the channel, the faid order of revocation fhall be effedtual to fuperfede and annul the faid commiflion or letter of marque, at the expiration of twenty days from and after fuch notice given as aforefaid, or fooner if notice fhall be actually given in writing, by the fecretary of the admiralty to the captain or commander thereof; and in cafe fuch fhip or veflel fhall be in the northern feas, at the expiration of thirty days; and in cafe fuch fhip or veffel fhall be to the fouthward of cape Finifterre, or in the Mediterranean^ at the expiration of fix weeks ; and in cafe fuch fhip or veffel fhall be in North America, or the IVeft Indies, at the expiration of three months; and in cafe fuch fhip or veffel fhall be in the Eaji Indies, at the expiration of fix months, from and after fuch refpedtive notices fhall be given as aforefaid : and any Complaint of commander or commanders, owner or owners, agent or agents, fuchrevoca-furety or fureties of any fuch fhip or veffel, whereof fuch com-million or letter of marque, iffued or to be iffued forth as afore- jy^jefty m faid, fhall be fo revoked, may complain thereof to his Majefiy in council; council within thirty days next after the fecretary of the admiralty for the time being (hall caufe notice thereof to be given as aforefaid, and the determination of his Majefty in council, touching every fuch complaint, fhall be final: provided always, That and if fuper-in cafe any fuch order of revocation fhall be fuperfeded, fuch	the	let-

commiffion or letter of marque fhall be deemed and taken to have toVe deemed continued in force, and all prizes taken by virtue thereof fhall t0 have conti-belong to and be the property of fuch owners and captors, in nued in force, fuch manner as the fame would have been in cafe fuch order of revocation had not been made: provided alfo, That no person Perfonal no-fhall be liable (before he fhall have received perfonal notice of tice necefiary, fuch order of revocation) to be punifhed for doing any matter or t0 hfbje4^ to thing which he might have lawfully done under the authority of * fuch commiffion or letter of marque, in cafe fuch order of revocation had not been made.

XXL And whereas in all private Jhips or veftfds of war, or merchant Jhips or veffels ^ for which commijjiom or letters of marque fhall be taken out, it is expedient, for the better difeipline and government of fuch Jhips and veffels, that all persons who enter themfelves on board the fame fbould be under proper regulations, and pay obedience to the lawful commands of the captains and chief commanders of the faid flips and veffels: be it therefore enadfed by the authority OfLnces on aforefaid, That all offences committed by any officer or fearnan board priva-on board any privateer or merchant fhip, having taken-a com- ^iYdand^u •million or letter of marque during the, prefent hoffiiitics with nVfliedas on* France, fhall be tried and punifhed in fuch manner as the like board the offences are tried-and punifhed when committed by any person fleet, &c.

belonging

Hosted by (jOO^Ic

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793/

belonging to his Majefty’s fleet: provided always, That all offenders who {hall be accufed of fach crimes as are cognizeable by a court martial (hall be confined on board fuch privateer, of merchant {hip or vefiei carrying letter of marque, in which fuch offence (hall be committed, until they (hall arrive at fome port in Great Britain or Ireland., or can meet with fuch a number oi his Majefty’s {hips of war abroad as are fufficient to make a court martial* and upon application made by the commander of fuch privateer, or merchant {hip or veftel carrying letter of marque* to the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the, time being, or to the commander in chief, or fenior officer of his Majefty’s faid fliips of war abroad, the faid lord high admiral* or commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three dr more of them* or fuch commander in chief, or fenior officer abroad, are hereby authorifed and required, in the ufual manner, to call a court martial for trying and punifhing the faid offences.

XXII.	And whereas good and neceffary laws are in force within feveral of his Majefys colonies and plantations in America, for preventing the carrying offfrom the faid colonies or plantations any fervant or Jlave without the confent of the owner, or the carrying off from thence any other person or persons whomfoever, until fuch person Jhall have taken out his ticket from the Jecretary s office within fuch refpeftive colony or plantation, in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as in and by the faid feveral lazvs is declared and provided: be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid. Commanders That all commanders of private {hips of war, or merchant {hips of Ihips liable having letters of marque, {hall, upon their going into any of the the^awsthere* Ports or labours in the faid colonies or plantations, be fubjedt for preventing and they are hereby declared to be fubjedt to the feveral direc-the carrying tions, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures in and by fuch laws off perfons, made and provided* any thing in this a 6t contained to the con-requifite con trary thereof in anywife notwithstanding.

fent	XXIII.	Andy	for	the	more	fpeedy	proceeding to condemnation or

ether determination of any prize jhip or veffely goods or merchandizes already taken, or hereafter to be taken as aforejaid, and for leffening the expences which have been ufual in fuch cafes, be it further en-Regulations adled by the authority aforefaid, That the judge of the high for determina- court of admiralty of England, and of any other court of admi-tions refped:- ra]ty whjch fhall be authorifed thereto, or fuch person or persons mg prizes. wj1Q fhaq hy them commilfioned for that purpofe, within five days after requeft made to him or them for that purpofe, {hall nnifti ihe ufual preparatory examination of the persons commonly examined in fuch cafes, in order to prove the capture to be lawful prize, or to enquire whether the fame be lawful prize or not $ and that the proper monition ufual in fuch cafes fhall be iffued by the person or persons proper to iffue the fame, and fhall be executed by the person or persons proper to execute the fame, within the fpace of three days after requeft in that behalf made * and in cafe no claim of fuch captured {hip, vefiei, or goods, {hall

be

 

V]93-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.	271

be duly entered or made in the ufual form, and attefted upon oath, giving twenty days notice after the execution of fuch monition, or if there be fuch claim, and the claimant or claimants fhall not, within five days from the time of entering fuch claim, give fufficient fecurity (to be approved of by fuch court of admiralty) to pay double cofts to the captor or captors of fuch fhip, veffel, or goods, in cafe the fame fo claimed fhall be adjudged lawful prize, that then the judge, of fuch court of admiralty fhalJ, upon producing to him the faid examinations, or. copies thereof, and producing to him upon oath all the papers and writings which fhall have been found taken in or with fuch capture, or on board any other captured fhip or veffel, regarding the fame, or upon oath made that no papers or writings were found, proceed with all convenient fpeed to fentence, either to difgharge and acquit fuch capture, or to adjudge and condemn the fame to be good and lawful prize, according as fhall appear to him, upon perufal of fuch preparatory examinations, and alfo the papers and writings found taken in or with fuch capture, or on board any other captured vefTel, regarding the fame, if any fuch fhall be found ; and in cafe any fuch claim fhall be duly entered or made, and fecurity given thereupon, according to the tenor and true meaning of this add, and there fhall appear no occafion to enter into any other examination, that then fuch judge fhall, within ten days, if poffible, after fuch claim made and fecurity given, proceed to fentence as aforefaid touching fuch capture; but in cafe, upon making or entering fuch claim, and the at- Directions for teftation thereupon, or the producing of fuch papers and writings proceeding as aforefaid, regarding fuch captured fhip or veffel, or goods, where the cafe and upon the laid preparatory examinations, it fhall appear doubt- 1S aouo u * ful to the faid judge whether fuch capture be lawful prize or not, and it fhall appear to him to be neceffary, according to the cir-ctimftances of the cafe, for the clearing and determining fuch doubt, to have an examination of witneffes, on pleadings given in by the parties, and admitted by the judge, and fuch examination fhall be defired, and that it fhall be ftill infifted on, on behalf of the captors, that the faid capture is lawful prize, and the contrary be infifted on, on the part of the claimant, that then the faid judge fhall forthwith caufe fuch capture to be appraifed by persons well {killed in the fame, to be named by the parties, and approved and appointed by the court, and fworn truly to an-praife the fame, according to the beft of their /kill and knowledge, for which purpofe the faid judge fhall caufe the goods found on board to be unladen, and (an inventory thereof being firft taken, if the judge fhall think neceffary, by the marfhal of the admiralty, or his deputy) fhall caufe them to be put into proper warehoufes, with feparate locks, of the collector and comptroller of the cufloms, and where there is no comptroller then of the naval officer, and the agents or persons employed by the captors and claimants, at the charge of the party defiring the fame, and fhall after fuch appraifement, and within the fpace of fourteen days after the making of the faid claim, proceed to take

good

 

272

Anno regnl tricesimotertloGEORGii tit. c. 66. [179^

good and fiifficient fecurity from the claimants to pay the captors

the full value thereof, according to fuch appraifement, in cafe

the fame {hall be adjudged lawful prize, and {hall alfo proceed to

take good and fufficient fecurity from the captors to pay fuch

eofts as the coart fhall think proper, in cafe fuch fhip, veffel, or

goods {hall not be condemned as lawful prize; and after fuch

fecurities duly given, the faid judge fhall make an interlocutory

prize to be de- order for releaiing or delivering the fame to fuch claimant or

livered to the claimants, or his or their agents, and the fame {hall be actually claimants;	-	-	’	.	.	..	.	*

On fecurity, the judge to *>rder the

but if they refute to give fecurity, the Judge, on fecurity from

releafed and delivered accordingly.

XXIV.. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That if any claimant or claimants {hall refufe to give fuch fecurity, the judge {hall caufe the captor or captors in like manner to give good and fufficient fecurity to pay the faid claimant or claimants the full

the captor?, to value thereof, according to the appraifement, in cafe any fuch order it to be capture or captures {hall be adjudged not to be lawful prize, and

delivered to them

Captures brought into his Majefty’s dominions abroad, to be under the care of the officers of the cuitoms, &c. till fentence, &c.

the faid judge fhall thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory order for the releafing and delivering the fame to the faid captor or captors, or their agents.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afor’efaid. That all fuch captures as aforefaid, which {hall be brought into any of his Majeft/s dominions abroad* in order to be proceeded againfi: to condemnation in any of his Majefty’s courts of vice admiralty, being thereto duly authorifed, fhall, without breaking bulk, Hay there, and be under the joint care and cuflody of the collector and comptroller of the cuitoms, and where there is no comptroller, then of the naval officer of the port or place where the fame {hall be brought, and the captors or claimants thereof, or their agent or agents, fubjedt to the diredtion of fuch court of vice admiralty, until the fame {hall by final fentence have been either cleared and difeharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that fuch interlocutory order as aforefaid fhall have been made for the releafing or delivering the fame, and upon the final condemnation or adjudication thereof as lawful prize, fhall be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof, or their agents.

XXVI.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid* That all books, papers, and writings* found in any fhip or veffel taken as prize, fhal), without delay, be brought into the regilfry of the court of admiralty upon oath, wherein fuch {hip or velfel may be proceeded againfi:, in order to condemnation; but that

the registry of only fuch books, pipers, and writings fhall be made ufe of and the court of tranilated as fhall be agreed or infilled upon by the prodlors of admiralty, &c. t^e feVeral parties, captors or claimants, or in cafe of no claim by the captor or his prodlor, or agent or regifier, to be neceffary for afeertaining the property of fuch fhip or yeiTel, and cargo thereof.

XXVII.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid* That there {ball not be paid unto or among the judge and officers of any fuch court of vice admiralty in his Majefiy's plantations and dominions abroad, authorifed as aforefaid, for, towards, or

relating

All writings found on board captures, to be brought into

No more than certain fums to be paid to the officers of

 

1793*1 Anno rcgni trieefimo tertio GeoRGII HI. c. 65.	273'

relating to the adjudging or condemning of fuch capture as afore- courts of vice faid as lawful prize, above the fum of ten pounds in cafe fuch	^

prize {hip or vefTel be under the burthen of one hundred tons, nor above the fum of fifteen. pounds in cafe the fame be of that, or any greater burthen, the fame to be difpofed of or divided as fuch judge fhall think fit; and that after payment or tender to Penalty for fuch judge of the faid refpe&ive fums as the cafe may require, if delay of pro-any fuch judge or other officer, in any of his Majefty’s faid courts f^^courts. of vice admiralty, to whom refpebtively it {hall appertain, {hall wilfully delay the doing, performing, making, or pronouncing any of the feveral proceedings, matters, or things, for, towards, or relating to the condemning or difcharging, releafing or delivering of any fuch capture in manner aforefaid, within the re-fpediv? times herein-before limited, or as foon as the fame, of any of them, ought to be done, according to the tenor and true' meaning of this acf, or of the infirudlion^ which his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, with the advice of his or their privy council;

{hall from time to time caufe to be given to fuch judge or officer, every fuch judge or other officer {hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to his Application of Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and one moiety thereof, with penalty, full cofts of fuit, to fuch person or persons who fhall inform or fue for the fame in any of the courts in or for any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations, or in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no efioin, prote&ion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

XXVIIL Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any captor or cap- Appeals from: tors, claimant or claimants fhall not reft fiitisfied with the fen- fentences of tence, or interlocutory decree, having the force of a definitive co.urts ofad-fentence, given or pronounced in the high court of admiralty of te^adeto^ England, or in any court of admiralty or vice admiralty in any the commit of his Majefty’s dominions, duly authorifed to proceed in prize fioners for caufes, it {hall and may be lawful for the party or parties there- appeals; by aggrieved to appeal from the faid high court of admiralty, or from any of the faid courts of admiralty or vice admiralty, to the commilfioners appointed or to be appointed under the great feal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining appeals in caufes of prize, fuch appeals to be interpofed and received in the like manner as appeals to fuch commilfioners in prize caufes have been ufually interpofed and received from the {aid high court of admiralty, lo as the fame may be made within fourteen days after fentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive fentence, and good fecurity be likewife given by the appellant or appellants, that he or they will effebfually profecute fuch appeal, and anfwer the condemnation, and alfo pay fuch cofts as {hall be awarded, in cafe the fentence, or inter-* locutory decree having the force of a definitive fentence, of fuch court of admiralty or vice admiralty, be affirmed; any thing in this a£l before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not-VOL, XXXIX*	T	withftanding	1.

give fecurity.

274 Anno regni tricefuno tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

ciition^f^fen Wlt:hftanding : Provided always, That the execution of any fen-tences not to" tence? or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive be luipended, fentence, appealed from as aforefaid, fhall not be fufpended by if the appellee reafon of fuch appeal, in cafe the party or parties appellate fhall

.... give fufficient fecurity, to be approved of by the court in which

fuch fentence or interlocutory decree fhall be given, to reftore the fhip, veflel, goods, or effedds, concerning which fuch fentence or interlocutory decree fhall be pronounced, or the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in cafe the fentence or interlocutory decree fo appealed from fhall be reverfed.

XXIX.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That, in cafe any person who was not a party in the firft inftance of the caufe fhall intervene in or interpofe an appeal from a fentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive fentence, given or pronounced in any admiralty court, fuch perfon, or his or her agent or agents, fhall at the fame time enter his or her claim, otherwife fuch appeal fhall be null and void.

XXX.	And ivhereas great inconveniences have arije?i by appeals in prize caufes not being profecuted in a reafon able tune, and from fecret appeals, or protocols of appeals being entered before a notary public ky without any notice given to the court or parties appellate, or their

Appellants to proddors: for remedy whereof be it enabled, That every person outJ^* being a party in a prize caufe in the high court of admiralty of England, or in any vice admiralty court, and againft whom a

Perfons not parties in the firft inftance, to enter their claims, or appeals to be void.

bitions within certain periods, or appeals not profecutable.

fentence fhall. hereafter be given, or any interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive fentence pronounced, and who fhall appeal therefrom within fourteen days, fhall profecute fuch his appeal by taking out the ufual inhibition within three months after the time fuch fentence or interlocutory decree fhall be given, if fuch fentence or decree fhall be given in the high court of admiralty, and within nine months, if fuch fentence or decree fhall be given in any of the vice admiralty courts p and that after the expiration of the faid terms, of three months and nine months, refpectively limited as aforefaid, without any inhibition having been taken out, no appeal fhall be allowed to be profecuted by any person being a party, in the laid high court of admiralty or vice admiralty, nor fhall any inhibition be granted at the prayer of fuch person or his proctor, but the faid fentence or interlocu-Perfons not tory decree fhall ft and confirmed as to fuch perfon; and in all in- ca^es wfiere a fentence fhall be given, or interlocutory degree itance, to give having the force of a definitive fentence fhall be pronounced, in inclaimswith- the high court of admiralty, or in any of his Majefty’s admiralty in a year. or vice admiralty courts, duly authorifed, any person not being a party in the firft inftance, who does not interpofe his appeal, and at the fame time give his claim, and pray the ufual inhibition, within one year, ihall not after fuch year hath elapfed be entitled to any appeal.

XXXI.	And be it enafied by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any appeal fhall be interpoied from a fentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive fentence, given or pronounced in any court of admiralty or vice admiralty > concerning

Courts of ad-iniralty, on requeft of captors or claimants, to

 

1793-1 Anno regni tticefimo tertio Georgii HI. c. 66.	275

ing any (hip or vefTel, or goods or effeds, which have been or order cap- v now are, or (hall hereafter be feizea and taken as prize, that then and in fuch cafe the judge of fuch court of admiralty or vice Gn fecurity admiralty fhall and may, at the requeft, cqfts, and charges either for the value, of the captor or claimant (or of the claimant only, in cafes to be deliver-where the privilege is referved in favour of the claimant by any orde°the ef treaty or treaties fubfifting between his Majefty and foreign fe$stobefold. powers) make an order to have fuch capture appraifed, unlefs the parties fhall othervvife agree upon the value thereof, and an inventory to be made, and then take fecurity for the full value thereof accordingly, and thereupon caufe fuch capture to be delivered to the party giving fuch fecurity, in like manner as is hercin-bcfore enaded, notwithftanding fuch appeal; and if there fhall be any difficulty or fufficient objection to the giving or taking fecurity, the judge fhall, at the requed of either of the parties, order fuch goods and efFeds to be entered, landed, and fold by publick audion, under the care and cuftody of the proper officers of the cufcoms, and under the direction and infpedtion of fuch persons as fhall be appointed by the claimants and captors, and the monies arifing from the fade fhall be brought into court, and by the regifter, deputy regifter, or deputy regifters of the fa id court, be deposited in the bank of England, or (in cafe the captors and claimants fhall agree thereto) in fome public fecuri-ties at intereft, in the names of the regifter, and of fuch truftees as they the faid captors and claimants fhall appoint, and the court On fecurity fhall approve; and if fuch fecurity fhall be given by the claim- from claimants, then it is hereby alfo enaded, That the judge fhall give a.P^s fuch captured fhip or velTel a pals, under his feal, to prevent its for the^ap1-being again taken by his Majefty’s fubjeds in its deftincd voyage, ture.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in jf fentences cafe the fentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a deft- be reverfed nitive fentence, of fuch court of admiralty or vice admiralty fhall aher fale oP be finally reverfed, after fale of any fhip or goods, purfuant to nett proceeds the directions in this act contained, the nett proceeds of fuch fale to be deemed (after payment of all expences attending the fame) fhall be deem- their value, ed and taken to be the full value of fuch fhip and goods, and that

the party or parties appellate, and their lecurities, fhall not be anlwerable for the value beyond the amount of fuch nett proceeds, unlefs it fhall appear that fuch file was made fraudulently, or without due care.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That no judge, regifter, or deputy regifter, rnarfhal, or deputy 0fficer of marfhal, or any other officer whomfoever, of or belonging to any court of a-ny court of admiralty or vice admiralty in Great Britain, or in admiralty, or any of his Majefty’s colonies and plantations in America, or.in tdln^therein any other of his Majefty’s dominions, nor any person or persons tobeintereft-pradifing either as advocate, prodor, or-other wife, in any fuch ed in any court or courts, fhall be concerned or irtfeefted, diredly or in- vefiel having a diredly, as owner, part owner, fharcr, or adventurer, in any private fhip or fhips, or veil'd or veli'els of war yvhatfoever, hav- * ing any commiffioa Qr com millions, or letter of marque 2$ aforc-

T 2	faid	1

276 Anno regni tricesimo terdo Georgii III. c. 66. [1793;

Fc-lty for	fa id ; and in cafe any fuch judge, regifter, deputy regifter, mar-

o en mg.	dial, deputy marfhal, or other officer, advocate, or prodlor what-

soever, dial], notwithftanding this act, be dire&ly or indiredlly concerned or intereffed as aforefaid, Such judge, regifter, deputy regifter, marfhal, deputy marfhal, or other officer refpedtively, fhall for every fuch offence (being thereof lawfully convidfed in any of his Majeftv’s courts of record in Great 'Britain, -ox at any general feffion of the peace in any of his Majefty’s colonies in America) abfolutely forfeit his office and employment in and belonging to any fuch court of admiralty or vice admiralty, of what kind or nature fdever fuch office or employment may be, and fhall alio forfeit and pay, to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-cciTors, the fum of five hundred pounds ; and every fuch advocate or prodtor refpedlively fhall for fuch laft-mentioned offence (being thereof lawfully convicted in manner aforefaid) be from thenceforth abfolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of prac-tifing either as an advocate or proctor in any of his Majefty's courts of admiralty or vice admiralty wherefoever.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no regifter or deputy regifter, nor any marfhal or deputy marfhal, of or belonging to any of his Majefty’s courts of ad-miralt	rn^ra^7	or Vlce admiralty whatfoever, fhall either directly or in-

Ko \*egifter, See. of any court of ad-

ployment.

as advocate, diredtly, by himfelf or themfelves, or by any agent or agents, or

Sec. in any other person or persons whomfoever, adt or be concerned in any

caufe depend- manner, either as an advocate or proctor, in any caufe, matter, or

ing in the bufmefs whatfoever, that lhall be depending in any fuch court, or court to which

he belongs, on courts 01 admiralty or vice admiralty,' to which luch regifter,

penalty of for- deputy regifter, marfhal, or deputy marfhal, fhall then belong;

idture of em- and that every regifter, deputy regifter, marfhal, or deputy mar-

fbal, who fhall be guilty of fuch offence (being thereof lawfully

convicted, either upon an information cr indidtment in manner

aforefaid) fhall from thenceforth abfolutely forfeit his refpedrive

office and employment of regifter, deputy regifter, marfhal, or

deputy marfhal, in and belonging to the fame court.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enaefted, That nothing

in this adt contained lhall be cbnftrued to reft rain his Majefty,

his heirs and lucceffors, from giving fuch further rules and direc-

from time to time to his refpebtive courts of admiralty and

Adt net to re it rain his Majefty from giving direc-tionsto courts tions

of admiralty, vice admiralty, for the adjudication and condemnation of prizes, as by his'Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, with the advice of his or their privy council, fhall be thought neceffary or proper.

A	ko	if-	fnrfKf=>r pn'jonf-linritw cvfn

Penalty on commanders of privateers - ranfoming prizes.

XXXVI/ And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe at any time or times any commander or commanders of any private Ship or Ships, or veffel or veffels of war, commiffroned as aforefaid, fhall agree with the commander or commanders, or other person or persons of or belonging to any neutral or other fhip or fhips, veffel or veffels, or the refpedlive cargo or cargoes thereof, or any part thereof, for the ranfom of any"fuch fhip, veffel, or cargo, or any part thereof, after the fame fhall have been taken as prize,"and fhall in purfuance of fuch agreement or agreements actually quit, fet at liberty, or difeharge any

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii ITL.c. 66.

2 77

x793-l

fuch prize or prizes, inftead of bringing the fame into fome port or ports belonging to his Majefty’s dominions, that then all and every of the commander and commanders of fuch private fhip or (hips, or vefTel or veffels of war, who (hall agree for any fuch ranfom, and (hall quit, fet at liberty, or difcharge any fuch prize or prizes in manner aforefaid, unlefs in a cafe of extreme ne-ceffity, to be allowed by the court of admiralty, fhall forfeit his or their letter of marque, and fliall fuffer fuch penalties of fine and imprifonment as the faid court fhall adjudge.

XXXVII.	And' be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the twelfth day of June one thoufand No captured feven hundred and ninety-three, it fhall not be lawful for any of vefTel, &c. be* his Majefty’s fubjedls to ranfom, or to enter into any contract or jviqefty'sfub-agreement for ranfoming any fhip or veflel belonging to any of to be his Majefty’s fubjedts, or any merchandize or goods on board the ranfomed. fame, which fhall be captured by the fubjedls of any ftate at war

with his Majefty, or by any persons committing hoftilities againft his Majefty’s fubjedfs.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That all contracts and Contracts for agreements which fhall be entered into, and all bills, notes, and ranfoms to be other fecurities, which fhall be given by any person or persons VQ1 *

for ranfom of any fhip or veflel, or of any merchandize or goods on board the fame, contrary to this add, fliall be abfolutely null and void in law, and of no effect whatfoever.

XXXIX.	And be it further enadled by .the authority aforefaid,

That if any person or persons fhall, contrary to this ad?c, ranfom, Penalty on or enter into any contradl or agreement for ranfoming, any fuch persons ran-fhip or veflel, or any.merchandize or goods on board the fame, every person fo offending fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and t0 1 1S lofe the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with full cofts of fuit, by any person or persons who fhall fue for the fame, by adfion of debt in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain > in which adfion no effoin, protection, imparlance, or wager of lav/, fliall be allowed.	*

XL. And, as a further encouragement to the officers, fea?nen, ^	^

marines, Joldlers, and others, on hoard his Majefif s Jhips of war, as for every offi-alfo of privateers, to attack,. take, and dcjlroy any jhips of war or cer and man privateers belonging to the enemy; be it enacted by the authority who was on aforefaid, That there fliall be paid by the treafurer of his Ma- beghfning o/ jefty’s navy, upon bills to be made forth by the commiftioners of the a<5tion, of the navy, to be paid according to the courfe thereof, without fee fhips of war or reward, unto the officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, and or privateers others, who fhall have been adfually-on board any of his Majefty’s the°encnfvt0 * fhip or fhips of war, or of any privateer or privateers, at the taken or detaking, finking, burning, or otherwife deftroying any fhip or ftroyed iince fhips of war, or privateers belonging to tile enemy, fince the February ir, eleventh day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- which fliall be three, and during the prefent hoftilities with France, five pounds taken, &c. for every man who was living oil board any fhip or veflel fo taken, during hostilities.

On whofe •' oath the num-pe pa*s are to be.

at-

funk, burnt, or otherwife deffroyed, at the beginning of the tack or engagement between them; the numbers pf luch men to

27S

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. c. 66. [1793.

proved, and be proved by the oaths of three or more of the chief officers or tile?0111 Cet' men who were belonging to the faid (hip or Ihips of war, or

On production ofcertain documents, the cc mm if-fioners of the navy to make out tills for the bounty.

privateers, of the enemy, or belonging to any of them at the time of her or their being taken as prize, funk, burnt, or other-wife deftroyed, or (in cafe fo many as three {hall not furvive the engagement) upon the oaths or oath of fuch of them as {hail furvive, before the mayor or other chief magiftrate of the port, within any of his Majefty’s dominions, whereunto any prize, or officers or men of fuch fhips as were taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, {hall be brought, or before the Britljb con-ful or vice conful refiding at any neutral port, to which fuch prize, or officers or men, fhall be brought, which oaths the faid mayor or other chief magiftrate of any fuch port, or conful, or vice conful, are hereby refpeclively imp.ow.ered and required to adminifter, and fhall (without fee or reward) forthwith grant a certificate thereof, and alfo of the deponents or deponent (if lefs than three) having likewife made oath, that to the bed: of his or their knowledge and belief no other person or persons belonging to the enemy’s {hip or fhips furvived the engagement, which certificate fhall be dire died to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy 3 and upon the production thereof tb them the faid com-miilioners, together with an authentick copy of the fentcnce or decree of condemnation of fuch {hip fo taken, or, where fuch certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only

copy of the fentence or decree of condemnation, whereby the her of men on board fuch {hips of the enemy lhall appear to

numcer

have been proved, or if fucli fhips be funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor or other chief magiftrate, or conful or vice conful as aforefaid, the faid commiffioners of his Maiefry’s navy, or fuch person or persons as they fhall appoint for that purpefe, fhall, according to the courfe of the navy, within fifteen days, make out.bills for the amount of fuch bounty, directed to the treafurer of the navy, payable to, and to be divided amongil, the officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers on board his Majefty’s fhips of war, in manner, form and proportion, as by his Majefty’s proclamation for granting the diftribution of prizes, already iflued, or to be iffued for that purpofe, is or {hall be directed and appointed, and among ft the owners, officers, and feamen of any private fhip or veftel of war, in fuch manner and proportion as by any agreement in writing they fhall have entered into for that purpofe, fhall be directed : provided neverthelefs. That in all cafes where fuch oath and certificate cannot be adminiftered and granted at the firft port whereunto any prize, or officers or men, of fuch arrival, it may {hips as have been or fhall be taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife foV^h^cHef dclWed>	be	brought,	fuch	oath or oaths relating to any

Pr'ze or Pr*zes that fhall be taken, or to any {hips of his Ma-any port with- jefty’s enemies, that fhall be funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed in hit? Majef- as aforefaid, fhall and may be adminiftered and taken by and be-iy t. *.101111111- fore the mayor or other chief magiftrate of any port within any &c. 0f Majeity’s dominions, or by or before the Briiijh conful or

vice

Where oath cannot be niac'e at the firft port of

,  

1793*3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.	279

vice conful refiding at any neutral port, whereunto any prize or prizes, or officers or men, of any {hips belonging to his Majefty’s enemies, as have or (hall be taken, funk, burnt, or other-wife deftroyed, {hall at any time afterwards be brought (proof being firft made by affidavit before fiich person or persons of the inability of making fuch oath or oaths, and obtaining fuch certificate, at the faid firft port), and the mayor or other chief magi hrate, conful or vice conful, {hall thereupon grant fuch certificate and certificates as are herein-before directed, which certificate and certificates {hall be good and effectual to ail intents and purpofes as if the fame were granted by the mayor or other chief magiftrate, conful or vice conful, of the port to which fuch prize or prizes, officers or men as aforefaid, {hall be firft brought, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding : provided alfo, That where fuch oath of the num- In cafe of the ber of men on board any fhip or Clips fo taken, burnt, funk, or total deft rue -otherwife deftroyed, cannot be had by reafon of the total deftruc-tion of the officers and crew of fuch (hip or {hips, then and in number to be every fuch cafe the number of men on board fuch fhip or (hips at ascertained as the beginning of the attack or engagement {hall be afeertained the judge qf by fuch evidence as under the circumftances of the cafe {hall, by the judge of the high court of admiralty, or by-the judge of any ent evidence, other court duly authorifed, be deemed fufficient proof thereof*

XLI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby grant- To whom the cd to the commanders, officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, and ^ others of his Majefty’s {hips of war, for taking, finking, burn- be'made ing, or otherwife deftroying any Clips of war or privateers be- able, &c. longing to any of his Majefty’s enemies, {ball be made payable to fuch person or persons as {hall be authorifed and appointed agents for appraifements and fales of prize, the fame bounty to be diftributed and divided, by the faid person or persons fo authorifed and appointed, amongft the captors, in fuch manner, form, and proportion as aforefaid ; the feveral {hares of fuch cap-tors as (hall run from his Majefty’s fervice, and of fuch as (hall not be legally demanded within three years after publick notification, {hall be paid and applied to the ufe of the faid royal hof-pital at Greenwich, fubjeef to the fame provifoes and exceptions as in the cafe of prize monies ; and that the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby granted to privateers for taking, , burning, finking, or otherwife deftroying any Clips of war or privateers belonging to any of his Majefty’s enemies, fhall be made payable to fuch person or persons as fiiall be nominated and appointed by the owner or owners, officers and feamen of fuch privateer or privateers, who ftiall have taken, burnt, funk, or otherwife deftroyed the fame, or the major part of them, to be divided in fuch manner and proportions as {hall have been agreed ' on by them as aforefaid.	y

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, if any {hip Prizesbelong-or veflel, or boat, taken as prize, or any goods therein, ftiall ap- ing to bis Ma-pear and be proved, in any court of admiralty having a right to Sretakeo

T 4	take	JC 6* re a

280	Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii IIT. c. 66. [1793.

from the ene- take cognizance thereof, to have belonged to any of his Maiefty’s my, to be re-	....	tc	-u.	j

ftored.

The falvage to be paid for reftored prizes.

fubjefts of Great Britain or Ireland, or of any of the dominions and territories remaining and continuing under his Majefty’s protection and obedience, which were before taken or furprized by any of his Majefty's enemies, and at any time afterwards again furprized and re-taken by any of his Majefty’s {hips of war, or any privateer, or other {hip, vefiel, or boat under his Majefty’s protection and obedience, that then fuch {hips, vefiels, boats, and goods, and every fuch part and parts thereof as aforefaid, formerly belonging to fuch his Majefty’s fubjbfts, (hall in all cafes ({ave in fuch as are hereafter excepted) be adjudged to be reftored, and {hall be, by decree of the faid court of admiralty, accordingly reftored to fuch former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of falvage (if re-taken by any of his Majefty’s {hips) one-eighth part of the true value of the {hips, vefteis, boats, and goods refpeCtively, fo to be reftored, which faid falvage of one-eighth {hall be anfwered and paid to the flag officers, captains, officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers in his Majefty’s faid {hip or {hips of war, to be divided in fuch manner as before in this aft is direfted touching the {hare of prizes belonging to the flag officers, captains, officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, where prizes are taken by any of his Majefty’s {hips of war ; and if re-taken by any privateer or other {hip, vefiel, or boat, ofte-fixth part of the true value of the faid {hips, vefteis, boats, and goods ; all which payments to be made to the owner or owners, officers and feamen of fuch privateer, or other {hip, vefl'el, or boat, {hall be without any deduftions, and {hall be divided in fuch manner and proportions as {half have been agreed on by them as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch {hip, vefiel, or goods {hall have been re-taken by the joint operation or means 'of one or more of his Majefty’s fhips, and one or more private fhip or fhips, then the judge of the high court of admiralty, or other court having cognizance thereof, {hall order and adjudge fuch falvage to be paid to the re-captors, by the owner or owners of fuch re-taken {hip, vefiel, or goods, as he fhall, under the circumftances of the cafe, deem fit and reafonable, which falvage fo to be adjudged fhall be accordingly paid by the owners of fuch re-taken fhip, vefiel, or goods, to the agents of the recaptors in fuch proportions as the faid court fhall adjudge; but if fuch fhip or vefiel fo re-taken fhall appear to have been, after the taking by his Majefty’s enemies, by them let forth as a {hip or vefiel of war, the faid {hip or vefl'el fhall not be reftored to the former owners or proprietors, but fhall in all cafes, whether retaken by any of his Majefty’s fhips, or by any privateer, be adjudged lawful prize for the benefit of the captors.

XL1II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe anv fhip or vefiel, or any goods or merchandizes, fively reftored {half be taken or re-taken, and reftored, by the commander or by piivateeis, or^er person having the charge or command ol any privateer, or other fhip, vefiel, or boat, junder his Majefty’s protection and obedience, through confent, or clandestinely, or by coilufion or

connivancy

If re-taken lhips lhall have been let forth by the enemy as fhips of war, they ih.dl be prizes fo the captors.

Prizes-coll 11-

to be prize to his Majefiy.

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66.	281

connivance of fuch commander, or other perfon, without being brought to adjudication, the fhip and vefTel, and goods and merchandizes, fo taken or re-taken, and reftored, and alfo the (hip's tackle, furniture, apparel, arms, and ammunition, (hall, upon proof thereof to be made in any court of admiralty having legal cognizance thereof, be declared and adjudged to be good prize to his Majefty, one moiety whereof fhall be to the ufe of his Divffion of Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and one moiety to the ufe of Rich prizes, fuch person who (hall difcover and fue for the fame; and the Bonds of the bond given by the captain or commander of fuch privateer, or commanders other fhip, vefTel, or boat, (ball be and is hereby declared to be to e*or eitex* forfeited to his Majefty; and in cafe any fuch (hip or vefTel, or Penalty on any goods or merchandizes as aforefaid, (hall be taken or re- commanders taken, and reftored, by any commander, captain, or other offi- coliuhvel1 ™re-cer, having the command of any (hip or vefTel of war, belong- ftoring prizes, ing to his Majefty, through confent, or clandeftinely, or by col- &c. lufion or connivance of fuch commander, captain, or other officer, fuch commander, captain, or other officer, (hall forfeit the fum of one thoufand pounds, one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and one moiety, together with full cofts of fuit, to the ufe of fuch person as (hall difcover and fue for the fame, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance, (ball be allowed ; and fuch commander, captain, or other officer, fhall forfeit his command and employment, and (hall be and is hereby dif-abled and made incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majefty during the fpace of feven years; and the faid goods and merchandizes, and the fhip, tackle, apparej, furniture, guns, and ammunition, fo taken or re-taken, and reftored, in manner afprefaid, (hall be and is hereby direded to be adjudged, in all courts of admiralty having legal cognizance thereof, as good prize to his Majefty.

XL1V. Provided neverthelefs, and be it hereby enaCted, That Ships retaken if a (hip be re-taken before (he has been carried into an enemy’s [^to the en^ port, it (hall be lawful for her, if the re-captors confent thereto, my’s ports to prcfecute her voyage ; and it (hall not be neceftarv for the re- mayprofecute captors to proceed to adjudication till fix months, or till the re- their voyages, turn of the (hip to the port from which (he failed; and it (hall be lawful for the mafter, the owners, or their agents, with the confent of the re-captors, to unliver and difpofe of their cargoes, before adjudication; and in cafe the vefTel (hall not return direCtly to the port from whence (he failed, or the re-captors (hall have had no opportunity of proceeding regularly to adjudication within the fix months, on account of the abfence of the faid veffel, the court of admiralty (hall, at the inftance of the re-captors, decree the reftitution to the former owners, paying falvage, upon fuch evidence as to the faid court (hall, under the circumftances of the cafe, appear reafonable, the expence of fuch proceeding not to exceed the fum of fourteen pounds,,

XLV. And

 

z82 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793*

XLV. And be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid, Prizeveflels That all prize {hips or veflels which fhall be legally condemned legally con- fhau to a]j intents and purpofes whatfoever be confidered as Bri-cieerned Bri-C ^-built fhips or veflels, being firft duly regiftered according to tifh-built.	provifions	of	the	faid recited aft, made in the twenty-fixth

year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and fhall be deemed and taken as fuch, and fhall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the fame rights, liberties, privileges, and advantages, in all refpefts whatfoever, with BritiJh-buWt fhips or veflels, and fhall be fubjeft and liable to all and every the rules and regulations that Britijh-built fhips or veflels are fubjeft and liable to ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XLVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty for That if any commander or commanders, officer or officers, fea-or	n	* men> martnes, foldiers, or others, fhall break bulk on board, or

any part of ° embezzle any of the money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, prizes.	tackle, furniture, or apparel of or belonging to any prize or

prizes, fuch commander, officer, feaman, marine, foldier, or other perfon, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit his whole {hare in fuch prize to his Majefty, for the life of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, and fo to be adjudged, on proof thereof, by the court of admiralty in which fuch proof fhall be made, and fhall alfo forfeit treble the value of all fuch money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, tackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they fhall embezzle, one third part thereof to be to the life of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich) and the other two third parts thereof, together with full cofts of fuit, to him or them that will fue for the fame, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty's courts of record in Great Britain, in which no efioin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

XLVII. And whereas great numbers of Jhips of foreign nations may pafs the feas laden with naval fores, intended to be carried to the ports of France ; whereby his Majeftf s enemies may not only be enabled and encouraged to fit out. and arm privateers to de/lroy the trade cf his Majcffs fubjefls, but may alfo be fupplied with materials to build and fit out jhips of war to annoy and invade his Ma-jfiy's dominions : and whereas divers Jhips of foreign nations, laden as aforefaid., may be taken and brought into the ports of Great Britain; and the pur chafe of fuch naval fores laden on board fuch Jhips of foreign nations for the fervice of his Majefy may, in many cafes, be expedient, without proceeding to the condemnation thereof: be it Navy or vie- therefore further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall tualiingboard and may	be lawful to	and for the principal	officers	and com-

naval^ftores^ mi toilers	of his Majefty?s navy or victualling	for the time being,

found on or their officers or agents, during the continuance of the prefent ho »rd foreign hoftilities	with France,	to purchafe, on the	account	or for the

fhips brought fervice of	his Majefty,	his heirs and fucceffors only,	all or any

fuch naval ftores found on board any fuch fhips of foreign nations, which have been, or fhall or may hereafter be brought into any

of

 

1793*1 Anno regni trrcefimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66.	283

of the ports of this kingdom by any of his Majefty’s (hips or veffels, or by any private fhips or veffels of war, or other (hips or veffels having commiffions or letters of marque ; and that the commiffioners and officers of the cuftoms for the time being fhall and may permit and fuffer fuch naval ftores, fo purchafed as aforefaid, to be entered and landed within any of the ports of this kingdom, any thing in an aft of parliament paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouraging and cncreafing of jhipping and navigation, or in any other ftatute made fubfequent thereto, contained, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwita-ftanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any person or persons fhall falfely make oath to any of the Perfons mak-matters herein-before required to be verihed on oath, or fuborn any ingorfuborn-othcr person fo to do, fuch person or persons fhall fuffer the like mak^Valfct0 paips and penalties as are incurred by persons committing wilful oaths, guilty and corrupt perjury; and that if any person or persons fhall of corrupt counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify any commiffion for war, or perjury, letter of marque, or any warrant for making out the fame, or any certificate required or directed by this aft to be obtained, or ^tersof^^^ fhall publifh or make ufe of any fuch commiffion for war, or marque, Sec. warrant for making out the fame, or any fuch certificate as afore-f.jid, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, erafed, altered, or faliified, fuch person or persons fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, together with full coffs of fuit, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Adajefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no effoin, proteftion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That where the offence of taking a falfe oath, or fuborning any Offences com-perfon fo to do, or any of the offences by this aft made cognize- knitted out of able in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, ^alleged1 to fhall be committed out of this realm, the fame may be alledged be committed to be committed, and may be laid, inquired of, tried, and de- in any county termined, in any county in England, in the fame manner, to all England, intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been aftually done or committed within the body of fuch county.

L. And be it further enafted, That ail appraifements and fales Directions for of any fhip or (hips, goods, wares, or merchandizes as (ball be appointing taken by any of his Majefty’s fhips of war, fhall be made by agents Pl*ze aSents* appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, officers or officer, fhips companies or company, and others entitled thereto ; that is to fay, that if the flag officers or flag officer of any fleet or fquadron of fhips as fhall take any fuch prize or prizes, or the majority if more than one, fhall appoint one or more person or perfons, agent or agents as aforefaid, then the captains and commanders, or' captain and commander inti tied thereto, or the majority of them if more than one, may appoint the like number to aft for them? and all the other officers

under

 

284 Anno regni tricesimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

under the degree of a captain and commander may appoint the like number to a£t for them, and all the crews of the feveral fhips companies of the fleet or fquadron, or (hip’s company, and others intitled thereto, may likewife appoint the like number to a£f for them in fuch appraifements and fales.

Agents to re- LI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That gifter their all and every person or persons who fha!l be fo nominated and powers of at- appointed agent or agents as aforefaid for any prize or prizes taken by any (hip or fhips, veflel or veflels of war, or-for receiving the bounty herein-after granted, and which prize or prizes fhall be condemned in the high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or in any of the courts of admiralty in any of his Majefty’s plantations in America, or in any other his Majefty’s dominions where the faid prize and prizes and every of them fhall be condemned, fhall exhibit and caufe to be regiftered in the faid high court of admiralty in Great Britain, in the refpe£tive courts of admiralty in America, or in any other his Majefty’s dominions where the faid prize and prizes, and every of them, fhall be condemned, his or their refpeftive letter or letters of attorney,

'	appointing him or them agent or agents for the purpofes afore-

Penafty for	faid ; and if any person or persons fo appointed agent or agents

ncglett.	as aforefaid fhall refufe or negledt fo to do for the fpace of fix

calendar months next after fentence of condemnation of any prize fhall be given in the faid high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or in America, or other his Majefty’s dominions, for the care and diftribution of which be or they fhall be appointed agent or agents, fuch person or persons fo refuting or negledting fhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who fhall fue for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, America, or in any other of his Majeficy’s dominions, in which no efloin, protedtion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

Regiflers of LI1. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That ^ie rcS^er or regifters of his Majefty’s high court of admiralty, ter powers of an^ °* ot^er courts of admiralty in Great Britain, and other attorney, &c. his Majefty’s dominions, fhall from time to time duly enter or regifter, or caufe to be entered or regiftered, in one or more book or books, to be by him or them kept for that purpofe only, all letters of attorney that fhall be exhibited or delivered to them after the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, by any agent or agents for any prize or prizes taken or to be taken by any of his Majefty’s fhips or veflels of war, or by any agent or agents for the receipt and diftribution of any bounty, bill or bills, within fourteen days after the fame fliall be fo exhibited or delivered to fuch regifter or regifters at his or their refpective offices ; which regiftry fliall contain the days of delivery and entry, the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places of abode of the agents, the names of the prizes taken, or of the fhips of war or privateers of the enemy taken, burnt, funk, or other wife deftroyed, together with the

names

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georcii III- c. 66.	285

names of the fhips or veflels by which fiich prizes fhall have been taken, or by which fuch fhips of war or privateers of the enemy fhall have been taken, burnt, funk, or otherwife deftroyed, together with the date of the condemnation and of appeal, if any interpofed ; and the regifter or regiflers fhall on the twenty-fixth day of December and the twenty-fifth day of June^ or within forty days thereafter in every year, tranfmit or deliver unto the trea-furer of the faid hofpital, or to"'the lawful deputy of fuch treafurer for the time being, a true copy or tranfcript, under his or their hand or hands, of all fuch entries as aforefaid within the preceding half year : and if fuch regifter or regiflers fhall negledl Penalty for or refufe to make or keep fuch entries, or to tranfmit or deliver negle<ft, fuch copies thereof as aforefaid within the refpeclive times hereinbefore limited for that purpofe, he or they fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, wager,of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

LIII. Provided always, That if any agent or agents fhall be Agents ap-appointed after the time any fentence of condemnation in any of pointed after the faid courts of admiralty fhall be given, fuch agent or agents fhall, under the aforefaid penalty, regifler or caufe to be regif- regifter their tered, in manner aforefaid, his or their refpeclive letters or letter powers of at-of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as afore- torney. faid, within the fpace of fix calendar months after the date of the faid letter or letters of attorney.

1 LIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That the regifler or regiflers of all and every the court and courts Regiflers to of admiralty in any of his Majefly’s plantations in America, or tranfmit an-elfewhere in any of his Majefly’s dominions, fhall yearly andTreafurer of6 every year, upon the twenty-third day of Oftober^ or within three Greenwich calendar months next' after the fame, make out and tranferibe hofpital true copies of all and every fuch letter and letters of attorney as copies of let-fhall be fo regiflered in the faid court or courts, to which the ^y regiiteed judge and judges of the faid court and courts fhall affix his and intheircourts, their feal of office, and then the faid regifler and regiflers fhall the charges of tranfmit the fame to the treafurer of the faid royal hofpital at which to be Greenwich, to be there regillered, and to be infpebled by any ^gents^ C person gratis; the charges of which copies, and affixing the feal of feals thereto, and tranfmitting the fame to the treafurer of the laid hofpital, fhall be paid by the faid agent or agents at the time of making fuch regiftry as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch regifler or Penalty for regiflers fhall neglebl or refufe to tranferibe and tranfmit fuch neglect, copy and copies of the faid letter and letters of attorney in manner aforefaid (if any fhip or fhips in that time fhall fail from fuch port or place to any port or ports in Great Britain\ fuch regifter and regiflers fo neglecling or refufing fhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will fue for the fame, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain or America^ or elfe where in

any

 

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. Hx793*

any other of his Majefty’s dominions, in which no efloin, protection, or W3ger of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

LV. And, for the better and more effectual Makingfuch letters of attorney evidence of the agency of the person or persons to whom the fame fhall be made; be it further enaftted by the authority afore-Trne copies of faid, 1 hat true copies of fuch letter or letters of attorney, and torney and^re- tranferipts, under feal, tranfmitted by the faid regifter or. re-giftiy, to be gifters of the court and courts of admiralty in his Majefty’s plan-evidence of the tations in America, and elfewhere within his Majefty’s domi-agency, &c. nions, and regiftered by the faid treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, fhall, from time to time and at all times hereafter, be good and iufficient evidence of the agency of the person or persons to whom fuch letter of attorney is or fhall be made; and from time to time and at all times hereafter fhall be admitted, without further or other proof thereof, to be legal evidence in all his Majefty’s courts of record of law or equity ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

LVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Notification That, after the fale or Tales of any prize or prizes which have to be given by been or fhall be taken from the enemy by any of his Majefty’s pay7nent°of ^	war3	publick notification in manner herein-after mentioned

prize money fhall he given by the persons or agents appointed as aforefaid for to the navy,	the payment of the feveral {hares to the captors aforefaid ; that

&c*	is to fay, if the prize or prizes fhall have been or fhall be con-

demned in his Majefty’s high court, or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, then the person or perfons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed in purfuance of this aft, for the ap-praifement and fale of fuch prize or prizes, fhall infert and publish, or caufe to be inferted and publifhed, fuch notification, under his or their hand or hands refpeftively, in the Gazette or feme other newfpaper of publick authority of the iftand or place where the prize or prizes fhall have been or fhall be condemned, and if there fhall be no Gazette or fuch other newfpaper publifhed there, then in lome or one of the-moft publick newfpapers of fuch ifland or place; and all persons or agents publifhing, ol* caufing to be publifhed, every fuch notification refpeftively fhall deliver to the colleftor, cuftomer, or fearcher for the time being, of his Majefty’s cuftoms, refiding at, or belonging to the port or place where the prize or prizes fhall have been or fhall be condemned, or the lawful deputy or deputies of fuch colleftor, cuftomer, or fearcher, and if there fhall be no fuch colleftor, cuftomer, or fearcher, then fuch persons or agents as aforefaid fhall deliver to the principal officer or officers of the port or place where the prize or prizes fhall have been or fhall be condemned, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of fuch principal officer or officers, two of the Gazettes, or other newfpapers, in which luch notifications fhall be fo inferted and publifhed ; and if there fhould not be any publick newfpapers in any fuch ifland or place, then fuch person or perfons, agent or agents, fhall give two fuch notifications in writing under his or their refpeftive hand or hands

to the faid collector, cuftomer, or fearcher, or the deputy or deputies of fuch collector, cuftomer, or fearcher, or, where there fhall be no fuch collebtor, cuftomer, or fearcher, to fuch principal officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies atore-iaid ; and every fuch colleblor, cuftomer, or fearcher, and prin- Officers of the cipal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies, fhall fubfcribe his or their name or names on fome confpicuous part of both the cations faid Gazettes, newfpapers, or written notifications refpebfively; anci tranfmit and by the firft fhip which fhall fail (after his or their receipt of one to Green-fuch Gazettes, newfpapers, or written notifications refpeblively) ^^kofphab from fuch port or place to any port in Great Britain, fhall tranf- ^er~e ^ mit or fend to the treafurer of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, or the deputy of fuch treafurer for the time being, one of the faid Gazettes, newfpapers, or written notifications, with his or their name or names fo fubfcribed to and upon the fame refpebfively, . to be there regiftered, and fhall faithfully preferve and keep the -other of the faid two Gazettes, newfpapers, or written notifica-tions, with his or their name or names thereon fubfcribed as j aforefaid, in his or their cuftody; and that in every fuch printed or written notification as aforefaid the faid person or perfons, agent or agents, fhall infert, or fpecify his or their place or places of abode, and the precife day of the month and year appointed for the payment of the feveral and refpebtive fhares of the prize or prizes to the captors; and all fuch notifications, with refpect to prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain, fhall be publifhed in the London Gazette, three days at leaft before any part or parts, fhare or proportion of any fuch prize or prizes fhall be paid to any person or perlons intitled thereto; and all fuch notifications, with refpect to prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, fhall be delivered to the faid collector, cuftomer, or fearcher, or principal officer or officers as aforefaid refpeblively, pr fuch relpebtive deputy or deputies, three days at leaft before any part or parts, fhare or proportion of any fuch prize or prizes fhall be paid to any person or persons intitled thereto; after which feveral and Shares of run refpedtive notifications, if any man’s fhares fhall remain in the ™en> °J n9t hands of the persons or agents appointed as aforefaid, either be-longing to fuch men as fhall be run from his Majefty’s fervice, paidbyagents or which fhall not be legally demanded within three years, then to Greenwich fuch fhare or fhares, fo remaining in the perfon’s or agent’s hofpital, hands, or belonging to fuch men as fhall run from his Majefty’s fervice, fhall go and be paid to. the treafurer Greenwich hofpital.

LVII, And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person or agent appointed, or to be appointed, for Penalty for appraifement or lale of any prize or prizes taken or to be taken not notifying from the enemy, bv any of his Majefty’s fbips or veflels of war, Payment °f

j j j	j	y	i	'	nn	f	v

or for the diftribution of any bounty money, fhall neglebl or re- £rnot tranf-*' fufe to publifh, give, or deliver any notification herein direbled mitting notifi-or required to be publifhed, given, or delivered, or fhall not cations, give, publifh, Qr deliver any fuch notification before the payment

 

288

Notifications regiftered at the royal hofpital, to be evidence of agency.

Before pay-mentofprizesj a copy of the account of Tales to be exhibited in the court of admiralty, &c.

Penalty for neglect.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793V

ment of any part of fuch prize or bounty money, and within the times herein limited, or in the manner herein appointed, or {hall not fpecify or fet forth in fuch notification the matters and things herein directed to be fpecified and fet forth, every fuch person or agent fhall, for fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain or America, or elfewhere in any of his Majefty’s dominions, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed ; and if any collector, cuftomer, or feareher of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies as aforefaid, fhall neglect or refufe to receive, or to atteft, or fhall not transmit or fend any fuch Gazette, newfpaper, or written notification as aforefaid, in fuch manner as is before dire<ted, every fuch collector, cuftomer, or learcher, principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies fo offending, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be fued for and recovered in the fame manner as the above penalty is diredted to be fued for and recovered.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the notifications in all fuch Gazettes, newfpapers, and in writing refpectively as aforefaid, which fhall be fo tranfmitted and attefted by fuch collector, cuftomer, or feareher, or principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies as aforefaid, and regiftered at the laid royal hofpital, on proof of the hand writing of fuch collector, cuftomer, feareher, principal officer or officers, or deputy or deputies, ffom time to time, and at all times, fhall be good and fufficient evidence, in all his Majefty’s courts of law and equity, that the person or persons whofe name or names is or are therein fet forth and fpecified as the agent or agents for the prize or prizes therein refpectively mentioned, is or are fuch agent or agents.

LIX. And be it further enacted. That all agents appointed {hall, after the fale of any prize is completed, and before the time of the firft payment of the prize money to be diftributed, exhibit in the respective court of admiralty in which the prize was condemned, or in the high court of admiralty, a copy of their accounts of fales duly verified upon oath, which copy fhall be depofited in the publick regiftry of the court, and all parties interefted {hall have liberty to object to the charges therein contained ; and thefaid court fliall confirm or difallow the accounts, upon hearing the objections, and fhall make fuch further order, touching the laid accounts as the cafe may require ; and any agent who fhall neglect or refufe to bring in a copy of his accounts at the time hereby directed, or who fhall proceed to diftribute without having exhibited a copy of the faid accounts duly verified on oath, fhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, to be recovered, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in any of his Majefty’s dominions, in which no effoin, protection,

privilege,

 

ralty.

Perfons running from his Majefty’s fer-vice not to be entitled to prize money.

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66.	289

privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed, and fhall moreover be fubjeift to the procefs of the court of admiralty, until he has obeyed the order of the faid court, by exhibiting a copy of the faid accounts, duly verified as aforefaid, and until the faid accounts fhall be duly confirmed.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every agent fhall, ten Agents to ad-days before he exhibits his account of Lies in the regiftry of the vertile their high court of admiralty, caufe advertifements to be twice in- counts of faks ferted in the London Gazette, notifying to all persons concerned.jn the regiftry that the account of fales of luch prize or prizes will be brought of the admi-into the regiftry of the faid court.

LXI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That no person or persons belonging to any of his Majefty’s fhips or veffels of war, or- to any merchant fhip employed in his Majefty’s fervice, who fhall run away, or withdraw him or them-feives from the fhip or veil'd by which any prize or prizes fhall be taken from any of his Majefty’s enemies, or otherwife from his Majefty’s fervice, before or after notifications fhall be given by the persons or agents appointed as aforefaid, of the day appointed for the payment of the feveral fhares to the captors of the faid prize or prizes, fhall have or be inti tied to have, or claim any intereft in, or benefit of the faid fhare or lhares of the faid prize or prizes, or the bounty money aforefaid, or any part thereof, that fhall then remain unpaid ; but fuch fhare and fhares of fuch prize or prizes and bounty money fhall go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital, fubject to the provifoes and exemptions herein-before mentioned.

LXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all After the firft and every person and perfons, agent and agents, and others, who distribution of fhall fell and otherwife difpofe of any prize or prizes, fo to be Pr,zes» °r of taken as aforefaid from any of his Majefty’s enemies, fhall, within account of re-the fpace of three calendar months next after the day to be ap- ceipts and pay-pointed for the firft payment or diftribution to the captors of fuch meats to be , prize or prizes, made in purfuance of fuch publick notification th^treafurer0 as aforefaid, make out and tranfmit or deliver unto the treafurer of Greenwich of the laid royal hpfpital at Greenwich, for the time being, or to hofpital; fuch person or persons as he fhall for that purpofe depute or appoint, a true ftate and account in writing under the hand or hands of fuch agent or agents, or person or persons fo employed, of the produce of all fuch prize and prizes as aforefaid, together with an account of the payments of the feveral fhares to the cap-tors as fhall then have been really and truly by him or them re-fpedtively paid; and alf'o, that all and every person and persons authorifed and appointed by this prefent act to receive bills for the bounty hereby granted, fhall, within the like fpace of three calendar months next after the day appointed for the firft payment or diftribution of fuch bills for the bounty as aforefaid, in like manner make out and tranfmit or deliver to the treafurer for the time being of the faid hofpital, or to Ins fufficient deputy, a true ftate and account in writing under his or their hand or hands of the payment and diftribution of fuch bills; and further, that an(j arter t^e Vol. XXXIX.	U	all	expiration of

290 Anno regni tricefirno tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

3 years limited all and every person and perfons, agents and others, who, by

by this a(ft, a vjrtue Qf this aA fnali fell or difpofe of any prize or prizes which like amount to ,	, .	.	1 n .. ^ r.	<	1	,	h ,	,

befodelivered already have been, or (hall at any tune or times hereafter be taken

and the ba- from the faid enemy by any of his Majefty’s fhips or vellels of lance paid,	war, or who (hall receive or difpofe of any bill or bills for bounty,

fuch person and perfons, agents and others, fo felling and dif-'	pofmg thereof, fhall, within the fpace of three calendar months

next after the expiration of the term of three years limited by this a£t, make out an exact account in writing of the produce of fuch prize and prizes, bill and bills for bounty, as alfo of the payments of the feveral (hares to the refpective captors, together with a true and juft account upon oath, to be taken before the treafurer of the laid hofpital for the time being, or any other person or persons by him for that purpofe deputed and authorifed in writing under his hand and feal, (which oath the faid treafurer of the faid hofpital, and a fufftcient deputy and deputies authorifed as aforefaid, is and are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter), of all fum and fums of money as fhall be then remaining in fuch agent or agents, or person or persons cuftodv, power, or.poiTcffion, and (hall at the fame time deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being, or to his fufftcient deputy or agent, the faid accounts fo attefted upon oath as aforefaid, together with all fuch remaining fum and fums of money then fo left and remaining in his or their hands as aforefaid, taking from the faid treafurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the fame.

Penaltyfornot LXIIT. And be it further enadted, That all and every person delivering ac- ancj persons hereby directed to tranfmit or deliver all or any the paying’ba1-n0t accOLmt& before mentioned, who (hall negledl or refufe to tranf-mjt or deliver all or any fuch account or accounts to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or his faid deputy or agent, within the time before limited and appointed in manner and form as herein-before mentioned, or who (hall negledt or refufe to pay over all and every fuch fum and fums of money as (hall remain in his or their hand or hands, power, cuftody, or polleftion, after the term of three years, to be accounted as aforefaid, (hall, lor every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, over and above the money then in fuch agent’s hands ; one third part whereof (hall belong to his Majefty, and the remaining two thirds to the faid royal hofpital, to be recovered, with coifs of fuit, by adfion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, in which no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed. .

Penalty for LXIV\ And be it further enacted, 1 hat if any fraud, collu-frauds in itat- fi0n, or deceit (hall be wittingly or willingly made, ufed, coming accounts, miu-ed, permitted, or done or fuffered, in making, (fating, or balancing any fuch accounts, then every person or persons who fhall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their aiders and abetters, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence, over and above the penalties and pumfhments indicted by this act, the fum of

one

paying

lances.

Application and recovery of penalty.

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Geokgii III. c. 66.	291.

one hundred pounds; one third part whereof to be to the ufe of his^Majefty, and one other third to the ufe of the faid hofpitai and the other third to the informer who fhall fue for the fame, to be recovered with cofts of fuit, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record, in which noefloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

LXV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, No agent to be That no agent or agents for prizes or bounty money fhall be li~ fued by run able to be fued, impleaded, or arretted by any person or persons men, unlefshe who fliall be made run from his Majefty’s fervice, in the lift to b 4 duly certified of the names of the officers, feamen, marines, after producl foldiers, or others who (hall be actually on board any of his Ma- tion of certifi-jefty’s fhips of war, at the taking of any prize or prizes, un- cate of R. lefs the person or persons fo made run fhall, before any a&ion taken brought, obtain a cerficate of his or their R. or R’s being taken off, and the forfeiture of his or their fhare or fhares of fuch prizes and bounty monies being difeharged bv the commiffi-oners of his Majefty’s navy who fubferibed the 1'aid lift, and {hall produce fuch certificate to the faid agent or agents refpeettively, and unlefs the faid agent or agents, on the producing of fuch certificate or certificates, fhall refufe to pay the faid prize or bounty money, in cafe the fame be due and payable according to the directions in his Majefty’s proclamation, within two months after any fuch demand mace, and fuch certificate produced.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the patting of this a£t, all and every per-fon and perfons, agent and agents, already appointed or to be bounty to the appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains cr captain, navy, to be officers or officer, fhips companies or fhip’s company, and inferred in the others, of any of his Majefty’s fhips or vefiels of war, for the ^aZ(:tte* diftribution of any bounty bill or bills given or granted by virtue of this acl, (hall infert and pubilfh, or caufe to be infer ted and publifhed, under his or their hand or hands, in the London Gazette, three days at Ieaft before the payment or diftribution ol any fuch bounty bill or bounty bills, public!: notification of the precife day of the month and year appointed for the payment of fuch bounty money, and fhall infert in every fuch notinca- ' tion the place or places of his or their abode.

LXVII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That in all cafes x where a publick notification hath during the Where notifi-

prefent hoftilities been given, or fhall be given before the re- cati°n of pay-

fpe&ive times herein-before mentioned, for the gdvino- of noti-pr-ize9 /	.	-T) *	,	,	5	r	,	tv	a	?	n ,	,	anci	bounties

ncations in Great Briiamy and otner parts of his Majefty s do- to the navy

minions, of the payment of any prize or bounty money in refpe<5t Hi all be given v

of any oi his Majefty’s fhips or veffels of war, and the particu- before the^

lar and precife day whereon fuch payment did or fhall com-

mence* and the name or names, and place or places of abode without cer-

of the person or perfons, agent or agents appointed or to be tain particu-

appointed for the appraifement and fale of any fuch prize or fhey fhall

prizes, or diftribution of any fuch bounty money, wa$ not or

u2	.ttallriods!	P "

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

292	Anno	regni	tricesimo tertio Georgii IIT. c. 66. [179?.

fhall not be fet forth and fpecified in fuch publick notification, the person or perfons, agent or agents appointed or to be appointed for the appraifement and fale of every fuch prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in his Majefty’s high court, or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, or for the distribution of any fuch bounty money fhall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand Seven hundred and ninety-three, and the person or perfons, agent or agents appointed or to be appointed for the appraifement and fale of every fuch prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in any court or courts of admiralty in any other of his Majefty’s dominions in Europe, or in any of his Majefty’s plantations in America, or for the diftribution of any fuch bounty money, Shall, on or before the firft day of June one thoufand Seven hundred and ninety-four, and the person or perfons, agent or agents appointed or to be appointed for the appraifement and Sale of every fuch prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other of his Majefty’s dominions or for the difiribution of any fuch bounty, fhall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand Seven hundred and ninety-five refpedlively, give notification, under his or their hand or hands refpedlively, of the precife day of the month, and the year, appointed for the payment of the fhares of Such prize or bounty money respectively, and fhall Specify in every fuch notification his or their place or places of abode ; and all Such notifications fhall be published or given, and delivered, attefted, and transmitted by and to fuch person and perfons, and in Such manner as the notifications to be published or given are herein-b'efore directed and required to be published or given, and delivered, attefted, and tranSmitted.

LXVIII. And be it further enadled by the authority afore-Application of Said, That all penalties and forfeitures inftibted by this adt, other penalties not^ than Such as are otherwife particularly difpofed of, Shall be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and one moiety to the ufe of the royal hofpital for Seamen at Greemuich.

LXIX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That al! penalties and forfeitures, and parts of penalties and forfeitures, given or to be given to the life of the faid royal hofpital at Greemuich by this prefent adt, or by any other adl or adls of parliament, fhall and may be fued for and recovered in the name of the commifiioners and governors of the royal hofpital for fea-men at Greenwich, in the county of Kent.

LXXo And, for the more Jpeedy bringing of offenders to jujlice, and to prevent the inconveniences occajioned by the want of frequently holding a jeffion of admiralty for the trial of offences committed on the highJeas, be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twelfth dav of June one thoufand feven hun-mitte^onThe anc^ ninety-three, a feffion of oyer and terminer and gaol high leas to be delivery, for the trial of offences committed on the high leas, held twice at within the jurifdidtion of the admiralty of England\ fhall be held nuallyilan* tw^ce at leaft in every year, at juffice hall in the Old Bailey, >	'	London,

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

uuici wue uu-

pofed of.

All penalties to Greenwich hofpital may be Sued for in the name of the com million ers.

A feffion for the trial of

1793*] Anno regni trlcefimo tertio Georgii III. c# 66.	293

London, (except at fuch times as the feftions of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery for the city of London and county of -Mid-dlefex fhall be appointed to be there held) or in fuch other place, within that part of Great Britain called England.\ and at fuch times in each year, as the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high adtni-

o	o

ral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, fhall, by any letter or order in writing under their hands, directed to the judge of the high court of admiralty of England for the time being, appoint.

LXXI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the twelfth day of June one thoufand leven ^Trying°of ^ hundred and ninety three, it fhall and may be lawful not only fences within to and for any one or more of the commiffioners for the time the juril'ditffion being, named in the commiffion of oyer and terminer for the of the admi-trying - of offerees committed within the jurifdidVton of the ad-miralty of England, but alfo to and for any one or more of the tak^hiforma-juftices of the peace for the time being of any county, riding, tions touching divifion, or place within that part of Great Britain called Eng- offences com-land, and they are hereby refpeeflively authorifed and impowered, from time to time, to take any information or informations of caufe the par-any witnefs or witneffes, in writing, upon oath, touching\any ties to be ap-murder, piracy, felony, or robery done or committed, or charged prehendedand to have been done or committed, in or upon the fea, or in any committed; haven, river, creek, or place where the admiral or admirals hath or have power, authority, or jurifdi&ion, and thereupon (if fuch commiflioner or commiffioners, or juftice or juffices of thej^ peace refpedlively, fhall fee caufe) by any warrant or warrants under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to 'caufe the person or persons accufed in fuch information or informations to be apprehended and committed to the gaol of the county or place wherein the fame information or informations fhall be taken, there to remain until difeharged by due courfe of law.

LXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That fuch of the and fhall faid commiffioners or juffices of the peace who fhall caufe any oblige the per -fuch person or persons to be committed as islaff mentioned, fhall, ^Jeffery to^ and he or they is or are hereby refpedfively required, at the fame enter into retime, to oblige all and every fuch other person or persons whom cognizanee to fuch commiflioner or commiffioners, or juftice or juffices of the appear at the peace, fhall judge necelliiry to profecute and give evidence againft lc 1011‘ the person or persons who fhall be fo committed as aforefaid, to enter into one or more recognizance or recognizances to his Ma-jefty, in a fufheient penalty, for his, her, or their appearing at the then next feftion of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, to be held for the jurifduftion of the admiralty of England, there to profecute and give evidence againft the person or perfons, who fhall be committed as aforefaid; and if any person fhall refute to Perfons refu-enter into fuch recognizance to profecute or give evidence as reco*ni-fhall be required, he, fhe, or they fo refufing fhall be committed zance m;fy be by any fuch commiflioner or commiffioners, juftice or juffices, committed, to the gaol of the county or place in which the person fo refu-

u 3	ftng

Recognizan-r ccs» and informations touching offences, to be tranfmitted to

the regifter of the high court of admiralty.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 66. [1793.

ftng fhall be, until the next feffions of admiralty fliall be held, or fuch persons fhall enter into fuch recognizance as (hall be required as aforefaid, which recognizance or recognizances, together with the information or informations taken touching the offence or offences wherewith the person or persons to be committed as aforefaid fhall be charged, the faid commiflioner or commiffioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom

Marfhal of the

warrants.

the fame (hall be taken, fhall and they are hereby refpedfively required to tranfmit with all convenient fpeed to the regifter for the time being of the high court of admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the judge for the time being of the fame court, and afterwards to be kept among the records of that court.

LXXIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the marfhal of the admiralty for the time being, and his toTxecute X# deputy or deputies, and all fheriffs, bailiffs, ftewardsy conftables, headboroughs, tything men, keepers of gaols and prifons, and all other officers whatfoever for keeping of the peace (as well within liberties as without) fhall, and they and every of them are hereby refpedfively authorifed and required, from time to time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey all fuch precept and precepts, warrant and warrants, and other order and orders, as fhall at any time or times hereafter be made, directed, iffued, or given to them or any of them refpecfively by one or more of the faid commiftioners named in the commiftiori of oyer and terminer, or juftices of the peace, by virtue or in purfuance of this touching any of the matters or things herein contained. LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That this a6f fhall continue in force during the prefent hoftilities with France, and no longer; fave and except all fuch matters and things as fhall be depending in judgement in the high court of admiralty, or other courts of admiralty in his Majefty’-S dominions abroad, or court of appeal, or in any court of record in Great Bidtain, at the time when the prefent hoftilities fhall ceafe ; and alfo fave and except all luch other matters and things which fhall be brought in to'judgement before the faid high court of admiralty, or other courts of admiralty in his Majefty’s dominions abroad, or court of appeal, or in any court of record in Great Britain, in confequence of any capture or captures made during the prefent hoftilities, or of any offence committed contrary to this a£f; in refpedf whereof this a61 fhall continue irt full force, until fuch matters, and every thing dependent thereupon, fhall be finally adjudge*} and determined.

Continuance of the a&.

CAP.

 

I/93-1

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III.

c. 67.

2 95

CAP. LXVII.

An aft for belter preventing offences in oh(Ir lifting, de[lr oying or damaging fbips or other vcffels, and in objirufting feamen, keelmen, cafters, and jhip carpenters, from purjuing their lavjfid oocupa-tions.—[ June 17, 1793.]

’HEREAS	feamen,	keelmen, cafers, andfloip carpenters,

have of hie affembled themfelves in great numbers, and have committed many afts of violence *, which practices, if continued, may cc -cafion great lofs and damage to individuals, and injure the trade and navigation of this kingdom: for the better preventing fuch violent and injurious pr a ft ices, and more ejfeftually punijhing fuch offenders, be it enadled by the King’s mo ft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any feamen, keelmen, cafters, (hip carpenters, or other perfons, riotoufly affembled together to the number of three or more, at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the prefent year of our Lord one thoufand feven hunr dred and ninety-three, (hall unlawfully and with force prevent, hinder, or obftrudf the loading or unloading, or the failing or navigating, of any fhip, keel, or other veffel, or fhall unlawfully and with force board any fhip, keel, or other veflel, with intent to prevent, hinder, or obftrudl the loading or unloading, or the failing or navigating, of fuch fhip, keel, or other veffel, every feaman, keelman, cafter, fhip carpenter, and other peK fon, being lawfully convidred of any of the offences aforefaid, upon any indicftnent to be found againft him, her, or them, in any court of oyer and terminer, or general or quarter leftions of the peace, to be holden refpedfiveiy, in and for the county, {hire, riding, divifion, or diftridf, wherein the offence was committed, fhall be committed either to the common gaol for the fame county, fhire, riding, divifion, or diftridl, thereto continue and remain without bail or mainprize, or to the houfe of correction for the fame county, fhire, riding, divifion, or diftridt, there to continue and remain without bail or mainprize, and to be kept to hard labour for any term not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor lefs than fix calendar months, in either cafe re-fpedtively.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any feaman or feamen, keelman or keelmen, cafter or cafters, fhip carpenter or fhip carpenters, or other person or perfons, at any time after the fa id twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-three, fhall unlawfully and with force prevent, hinder, or obftrudl any feaman or feamen, keelman or keelmen, cafter or cafters, fhip carpenter or fhip carpenters, from working at, employing himfelf in, or exerci-fing his lawful trade, bufinefs, or occupation refpedfively, or fhall wilfully and malicioufly aflault, beat, or wound, or ule or . commit any bodily violence or hurt to or upon any feaman or

U 4	feamerv

Preamble.

Seamen. &c. riotoufly af-fembled who fhall forcibly prevent the loading, &c. of an; vefiels, &c. to be committed to prifonj

as alfo any luch persons who lhall forcibly prevent others from working, tyc*

Per Tons offending a fe-cond time, to be guilty of felony.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. [i793.

feamen, keelman or keelmen, cafter or carters, {hip carpenter or fhip carpenters, with intent to deter, prevent, hinder, or obftrudt fuch feaman or feamen, keelman or keelmen, cafter or callers, (hip carpenter or fhip carpenters, from working at, employing himfelf in, or exerciling his lawful trade, bufinefs, or occupation refpedtively, every feaman, keelman, cafter, fhip carpenter, and other per-fon,- being lawfully convicted of any of the offences l.aft-mentioned, upon any indictment to be found againft him, her, or them, in any court of oyer and terminer, or general or quarter feftions of the peace to be holden refpedtively in and for the faid county, {hire, riding, divifion, or diftridt, wherein the offence was committed, fhall be committed, either to the common goal for the fame county, fhire, riding, divifion or diftridt, there to continue and remain, without bail or mainprize, or to the houfe of correction for the fame county,, {hire, riding, divifion, or diftridt, there to continue and remain without bail or main-prize, and to be kept to hard labour, for any term not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor lefs than fix calendar months, in cither cafe refpedtively.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any feaman, keelman, cafter, fhip carpenter, or other perfon, {hall be convidted of any of the offences aforefaid, in purluance of this adt, and {hall afterwards offend again in like manner, every fuch feaman, keelman, cafter, {hip carpenter, and other person fo offending again in like manner, and being lawfully con-vidled {hereof, upon any indidtment to be found againft him, her, or them, in any court of oyer and terminer, or general or quarter feftions of the peace refpedtively to be holden in and for the county, {hire, riding, divifion, or diftridt, wherein the offence was committed, {hall for fuch fecond and every fubfequent offence, be adjudged guilty of felony, and {hall be tranlported to fome of his Majefty’s dominions beyond the feas, for any fpace of time or term of years, not exceeding fourteen years, nor lefs than (even years.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted and declared, That none of the pains, penalties,1 or punifhments herein-before inflicted, or authorised to be inflidted, {hall be deemed, conftru-ed, or taken to extend to any act, deed, matter, or thing what-foever, committed, done, or fuffered in the fervice, or under or by virtue of the authority of his faid Majefty, or his fucceflors j any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in anywife notwithstanding*

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That

wilfully fitting if any feaman or feamen, keelman or keelmen, cafter or cafters, fire to any ftup, fhip carpenter or fhip carpenters, or other person or perfons, to fuffer death;	at any time' after the faid twenty-fourth day of 'June one

thoufand {even hundred and ninety-three, wilfully and malici-oufly burn or fet fire to any fhip, keel, or other veffel, every person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, in any court of oyer and terminer, to be holden in and for the county, fhire, riding, divifion, or diftrict wherein the offence was com-

mi tted,

Adt not to extend to mat tens done by the authority of his

Majefty.

Seamen. £rc.

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68.	297

mitted, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That and deftroying if any feaman or feamen, keelman or keelmen, carter or carters, or damaging fhip carpenter or fhip carpenters, or other person or perfons, ^eans (hall, at any time after the laid twenty-fourth day of June one to be tranf. * thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, wilfully and malici- ported, ouily deftroy or damage any fhip, keel, or other verted (otherwife

than by fire), every feaman, keelman, carter, fhip carpenter, and other person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted upon any indidtment to be found againrt him, her, or them, in any court of oyer and terminer, or general or quarter fertions of the peace, to be holden refpedtively, in and for the county, fhire, riding, divifion, or didtridt wherein the offence was committed, fhali be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall be tranfported to fome of his Maje'fty’s dominions beyond the feas, for any fpace of time or term of years not exceeding fourteen years, nor lefs than feven years.-

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Offences com-That in cafe any of the offences herein-before defcribed or men- mitted on the tioned, (hall be committed on the high feas, then, and in every -^eas tri’ fuch cafe, the offence or offences fo committed fhall be triable, feVmn for trial and the person or persons fo offending may be profecuted and of offences tried by virtue of this adt, in any feffion of oyer and terminer committed • and goal delivery for the trial of offences committed on the high tliercon* feas, within the jurifdidtion of the admiralty of England; any

thing herein contained to the contrary in anywife notwithrtanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted and declared, profecutions That no person or persons fhall be ..profecuted by virtue of this to be corn-art, for any of the offences aforefaid, unlefs fuch profecution be fenced with-commenced within twelve calendar months after the offence m a year* committed.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That this adt fhall continue in r r force until the twenty-fourth day of June, which fhall be in the o°a&1UatlCC year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred, and from thence

to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for remedying inconveniences attending certain proceedings in the courts of great fejfons in Wales, and for the county palatine of Chefter, in the court of common pleas for the county palatine of Lancafter, in the court of pleas for the county palatine of Durham, and in the county courts in Wales.—[ J une 17, 1793-]

WHEREAS persons againjl whom judgements may he obtained

in the courts of great fejfions in .Wales, the court ^“Preamble. great fcfions for the county palatine ^/’Chefter, the court of common picas for the county palatine of L an carter, and the court of pleas for the county palatine of Durham, may, in order to avoid execution, remove their persons and rfcSls bey ond the jurflidlion of fuch

courts:

 

298

Where final judgements lha 11 be obtained in the courts of great, ft'lb ons in Wales, &c. and the per-fons or effects cannot be found within thejuvifdidtion of the court, any court of record at W eftminfter may ilTue execution, See.

Claufes in 34 Hen. 8. c. 26. enabling, that the flic riffs in Wales, in plaints under 40s. may award a capias, Sec. and that no judgement be flayed by any writ of falfe judgement, repealed.

No execution to be flay ed by any fuch writ, pnlefs the pro-fix u tor enter

Anno regm tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1793.

courts: be it enadled by the King’s mofl excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fn all cafes where final judgement {hall be obtained in any a£tion or fuit, in any of the faid courts, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majefly’s courts of record at Wefminfer, upon affidavit made before a judge, or commiffioner authorifed to take affidavits in fuch court, and filed therein, of fuch judgement being obtained, and diligent fearch and enquiry having been made after the per-fon or persons againfi: whom fuch final judgement fhall be obtained, on his, her, or their effects, and of execution having illued againfi: the person or perfons, or effedls, as the cafe may be, of fuch person or perfons, againfi: whom fuch final judgement fhall be obtained, and that the person or perfons, or effects of fuch person or perfons, are not to be found within the jurisdiction of fuch court, to caufe a tranfeript of the record of the faid judgement to be removed into fuch court at Wefminfer; and to iffue writs of execution thereupon to the fheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, againfi: the person or perfons, or effects of fuch person or perfons, againfi: whom, fuch final judgement fhall be obtained, in fuch manner as as upon judgements obtained in the faid courts at Wefminfer; and the fheriff upon every fuch execution fhall, and he is hereby authorifed to detain the person or persons againfi whom fuch execution fhall be iffu-ed, until the fum of forty {hillings be paid to him, or to levy that fum out of the effedls, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary cofts of the person or persons by whom fuch final judgement fhall be obtained in fuch court fub-fequent to the faid judgement, and of the execution in the faid court at Wefminfer, over and above the money for which fuch execution fhall be iffued.

II.	Andwhereas by an a£l3 paffedin the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his majefy King Henry the Eighth, intitluef An a61 for certain ordinances in the King’s dominions and principality of Wales, it is^ amongf other things, enable f That the fheriff of the fever al counties or /hires fiz Wales in the faid aft mentioned, upon every judgement had before him in his county or hundred courts in any plaint under

forty J,hillings, may award a Capias ad fatisfaciendum to arref the party condemned -3 and it is aljo enafted3 That no execution of any judgement given or to be given in any court in the faid aft mentioned be fayed or deferred by reafon of any writ of falfe judgement, but that executio7i ?nay be had and made at all times before the rev erf al of the faid judgement, the purfuit of the faid writ nctwithfanding : be it furr ther enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral claufes aforefaid in the faid a61 fhall be, from and after the paffing of this a6l, repealed.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, Thatno execution fhall be flayed upon or by any writ of falfe judgement for the reverfingof any judgement given in any county court in Wales, unlefs the person or persons who fhall profecute the faiclwrit be firff

bound

 

1793*] Annoregni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c 69.	299

bound unto the party or parties for whom the faid judgement (hall into a recog-have been given, in a recognizance with twofufficient fureties, fuch nizance> &c* as the fherifF in the faid court (hall approve and allow, in the fum of ten pounds (except where the fum adjudged for cofts and damages fhall exceed the fum of ten pounds, and in fuch cafe in double the fum fo adjudged), to profecute the faid writ with effe£t, and alfo to pay and fatisfy, if the faid judgement be affirmed, or the faid writ abated or nonprofted, all and Angular the damages and cofts adjudged, and alfo the cofts and damages awarded for the delay of execution ; the acknowledgement of which recognizance the faid fherifF is hereby authorifed and required to take and file amongft the proceedings of his faid court; and for the caption and filing whereof the fum of one {hilling, and no more, fhall be paid to the faid fherifF by the person or persons who (hall profecute the faid writ: and in cafe of a breach of the condi- In cafe of tion of fuch recognizance, the conuzee or conuzees thereof may breach of re-have and maintain an action of debt on the fame, in any of his a^orfofdebt Majefty’s courts of record in Wales, againft the conuzors, or may main-either of them, to recover all and fingular the damages and tained. cofts in the faid recognizance mentioned.

CAP. LXIX.

An a51 for repealing the duties on coals, culm, and cinders brought or carried coaflwife into Scotland ; and for granting other duties on licences to fell certain dijlilled fpirituous liquorsy in lieu thereof —-[June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the duties on coals, culm. Preamble.

or cinders brought coaflwife into any port in that pari of Great Britain called Scotland, and to fubjlitute other duties in lieu thereof: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, the feveral and refpedlive rates and duties charged and impofed by an a£t, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his jprefent Majefty, for repealing the feveral duties of cufloms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof for or in refpedi of any coals, culm, or cinders brought or carried coaftwife in any port or place in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the powers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations eftablifhed and prefcribed by the faid a6t, or by any other act or a£ts of parliament for or in relation to the managing, fecuring, afcertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the faid rates and duties upon coals, culm, or cinders brought or carried coaftwife into any port or place in that part of Great Britain called Scotland., and all penalties and forfeitures in refpect thereof, ihall alfo ceafe, determine, and be no

longer

From July 5, 1793, duties irnpoled by' 27 Geo. 3. c. 13, on coals, Szc. carried coaftwife in Scotland, to ceafe.

Hosted by



Anno regni tricesimo tertlo Georgii III, c. 69. [1793.

longer put in execution, fave only and except in all cafes relating to the recoveing any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid rates and duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which fhall have been incurred, or to any bond or other fecurity for or in refpeft of the faid rates and duties which fhall have been given or granted upon, or at any time before the faid fifth day of July one thoitfand feven hundred and ninety-three; anything contained in the faid act, or in any other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

From OSt. 10, H. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, I?t9 Ti perforiS from and after the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hun-Aqua Vit® in dred and ninety-three, all and every person or persons who fhall Scotland to retail any fpirits made or diftilled from malt, corn, grain, bar* take out an ley, beer, bigg, or other Britifh materials, and which fpirits are excite licence, commonly called and known by the name of Aqua Vita*, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall take out an excife licence, authorifing fuch person or persons to retail Arch fpirits ; which licences fhall be feverally granted by the refpeftive perfons, and in the manner required and direfted by an aft made in 30 Geo. 3. c. the thirtieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, 3^*	An aft for repealing the duties upon licences for retailing wine and

fwcets, and upon licences for retailing diftilled fpirituous liquors ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof with refpeft to licences granted to retail dealers under the faid aft; and the persons to whom fuch licences fhall be granted fhall be fubjeft and liable to all the rules, regulations, reftriftions, and provifions, penalties and forfeitures, contained and provided in and by the faid aft, relative to fuch licences, except where the fame fhall be expreAly altered by this aft, and fhall be granted to the persons who fhall apply for the fame, on the person or persons applying for the fame firll paying for fuch licences the feveral fums of money following ; that is to fay.

For every licence which fhall be granted to autnorife any person or persons to retail fuch fpirits within the limits of any royal burgh, burgh of barony, or regalitv, in any part of Scotland, or in any place in any other part of Scotland, other than in the highlands of Scotland there fhall be charged the yearly fum of two pounds :

For every licence which fhall be granted to authorife any person or persons to retail fuch fpirits within the feveral counties and diftrifts of the highlands of Scotland, (the royal burghs, burghs of barony, or regality therein excepted), there fhall be charged the yearly fum of one pound.

A (ft not to	III. Provided always, and be It further enafted by the autho-

extend to rity aforefaid, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend, or persons hav- conftruec| to extend, to compel any person to take out a licence turret ad efo-C to retail fpirits called Aqua Vitas, who fhall have duly obtained an reign fpirits. excife licence for retailing foreign fpirits under the laws now in force in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

IV\ Provided  

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69.	301

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority Perfonsretail-aforefaid, That nothin g in this a ft contained fhall extend to

exempt any person or persons in Scotland, who (hall retail any pja]*n ^qUa fpirits diftilled from melaffes, fugar, or foreign materials, or any Vitae, to take compound fpirits whatever, or any diftilled fpirituous liquors, or out licences as ftrong waters, other than plain Aqua Vita, diftilled from malt, Q^iredcb^3g° corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg,, or Britijh materials, from tak- e * 3* * 0 ing out a licence for that purpofe in the manner direfted and required by the faid aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of - his prefent Majefty.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons felling all and every person and perfons, in that part of Great Britain le*s than called Scotland, who fhall feil, offer or expofe to fale, any fpirits, f^n^of Aqua: made or diftilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or vitse,tobe other Britijh materials, commonly called and known by the name deemed re-of Aqua Vita:, unmixed or mixed with themfelves or any other tailers. ingredients, in any lefs quantity than half a gallon, Englifh wine

meafure, fhall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of fuch fpirits within the meaning of this aft; and if any fpirits, made or diftiiled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other Britijh materials, commonly called and known by the name of Aqua Vita, unmixed or mixed with themfelves or any other ingredients, fhall at any time be fold, offered or expofed to fale, by any person or persons whatfoever, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in any quantity lefs than half a gallon, Eng-Ujh wine meafure, fuch felling, offering or expofing to fale, fhall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of fuch fpirits,' within the meaning of this aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That No person to

no person or persons fhall be licenfed as aforefaid, for retailing have a retail

fpirits, unlefs he, fhe, or they fhall alfo be duly licenfed and au- ]{ced1ce>'T*10 \	-r\ .	,	.	n-	•	n	ru	i	t	,	fhall not have

thoriled by the jultices or magiftrates to fell beer, ale, or other abeerlicence *

excifeable liquors by retail.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, nor any jif. That no licence or licences for the retailing of fuch fpirits as tillery, Scc. aforefaid, fhall be granted to any person or persons who do or

fhall at the time exercife the trade of a diftiiler, reftifier, grocer, or chandler, or keep a toll bar, or a brandy {hop or fliops, for fale of any fpirituous liquors, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and any licence which fhall be granted to any fuch person or perfons, or to any other person or persons for his, her, or their benefit or ufe, fhall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Wholefale That, from and after the faid tenth day of Oftober one thou fand dealers in any feven hundred and ninety-three, every person or persons in Scot-land, who fhall fell, or deal in by wholefale, any fpirits made or Aqua Vitse, diftilled from melaffes, fugar, or foreign materials, or any com- except licenf-pound fpirits, or diftilled fpirits, liquors, or ftrong waters, other V* diftillers, than plain Aqua Vita, diftilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, ^Uc/nccs beer, bigg, or other Britijh materials, not being a licenfed dif- as brandy

tiller dealers,

3° 2

agreeably to 2-4 Geo. 3. left, a. c. 41*

Wholefale dealers in Aqua Vitas, not being dif-tillers, &c. to take out a 3I. licence.

Penalty on whole fait* dealers felling lets than certain quantities.

What (hall be deemed the highlands.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GEoRGII III. c. 6g. [*1793.

tiller or diftillers, .reftifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, or retailer or retailers, of fpirits, fhall be fubjeft and liable to take out and pay for a licence for that purpofe, in the manner directed and required in the cafe of brandy dealers, or persons felling brandy, or other fpirituous liquors, by an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a Si for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of and dealers in, excifeable commodities therein mentioned; and fhall alfo be fubjeft and liable to the fame duty, and to all the rules, regulations, reftriftions, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures contained and provided in and by the laid aft, relative to brandy dealers, or persons felling brandy or other fpirituous liquors.

IX. And be it further enaebed by the authority aforefaid* That, from and after the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, every person or perlcns in Scotland who fhall by wholefale fell or deal in fpirits made and dif- -tilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other Britijh materials, commonly called and known by the name of Aqua ~ Viter-) in that part of the united kingdom, not being a licenfed diftiller or diftillers, reftifier or reftifiers, compounder or compounders, retailer or retailers of fpirits, fhall be fubjeft and liable to take out a licence for that purpofe, and to pay for the fame the yearly futn of three pounds, in the manner direfted and required by, and under luch rules, regulations, reftriftions, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures as are contained in the faid adl: of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty relative to brandy dealers, or persons Idling brandy or other fpirituous liquors.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any person who fhall be fo licenfed as aforefaid in that part of Great Britain cal led Scotland, to fell or deal in by wholefale any fpirits made or di{billed from meiafies, fugar, or foreign materials, or compound fpirits, or diftilled fpirituous liquors, or ftrong waters, other than plain Aqua Viter y diftilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other Britijh materials, fhall fell any fuch fpirits in any lefs quantity than two gallons, Englijh wine mea-fure; or if any person who fhall be fo licenfed as aforefaid in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ to fell or deal by wholefale in fpirits made or diftilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other BritijJ) materials, commonly called and known by the name of Aqua Vita, in that part of the united kingdom, fhall fell any fuch fpirits in any lefs quantity than half a gallon, Englijh wine meafure, every fuch person fhall be deemed a retailer of fuch refpeftive fpirits without licence, and fhall be fubjeft to the penalty by this aft impofed and provided in cafe of retailing fpirits without licence.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That the highlands of Scotland fhall, for the purpofes of this aft, be deemed and taken to comprehend the whole of the feveral counties of Orkney, Caithnefsf Sutherland\ Eofs, Cromarty, Invernefs, Argyll, Bute, and Nairn %

and

Hosted by



1793 ] Anno regni tricefnno tertio Georgii III. c. 69.	303

and alfofuch parts of the feveral counties of Dumbarton, Stirling Perth, Forfar, and Kincardine, as lie to the eaftward of a certain line beginning at the boat of Balloch, where Loch Lomond runs into the river Leven, in the county of Dumbarton, and proceeding eaftward along the great military road from thence to Bitcklivie in the county of Stirlings from thence in a certain line northward to Thornhill, and frojn thence to Dumblane and Auchterarder in the county of Perth, and from Auchterarder in a line proceeding in a north-eaft direction to a certain poinif weft of the town of Perth, and diftant therefrom two miles, and from thence in A line northward to the boat of Kinclaven on the river Tay in the fame county of Perth, and from thence to Blairgowrie, Alyth, and Kerrymuir in the county of Forfar, and from Kerrymuir by the foot and fouth fide of the Grampian Hills till they terminate near the river Dee within three miles to the weftward of Aberdeen, and all parts to the north and north-weft of the faid line of boundary, excepting always from and out of fuch part of the faid highlands the limits of any royal burgh, burgh of barony or regality, as aforefaid.

XII.	And whereas, by an aft made in the twenty-firjl year of the Geo. 3. c. reign of his prefnt' Majefiy, for the better and more effectually 55> recited m fecuring the revenue of excife, and of the inland duties under the Part# management of the commiftioners of excife, and for preventing frauds therein, it was enacted, That if any person who Jha.ll fell or deal in any fort of fpirituous liquors Jhould receive or buy or procure or employ any perjon to receive or buy for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their life, any Britiih made fpirituous liquors (except at the publick files of fuch Britifti made fpirituous liquors as had been condemned, and vaere fold under the direction of the commijfionsrs of excife), of any person or persons other than a maker, difiller, reCtifer, or compounder of fpirituous liquors for fale, over the outward door of whofe fillhoufe, Jlorehoufe, warehoufe, Jhop, cellar, vault, or other place by him, her, or them refpcftively made ufe of for the making or keeping ^Britifh made fpirituous liquors, jhould be painted the words,

Diftiller, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, [as the cafe Jhould be), as by an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An act for more effectually preventing frauds by private diftillers, and for the better fecuring the duties on low wines and fpirits, was directed and prefer ibed, every fuch person fo offending Jhould forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence the Jiirn of five hundred pounds: and whereas it is expedient to allow entered and licenfed dealers in, or retailers of, Britifh made fpi-rituous liquors in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, not being dfillers, rectifiers, or compounders of Britifh made fpirituous liquors, to receive or buy, or to procure or employ any. person to receive or buy, for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, Bririfh made fpirituous liquors of any entered dealer or retailer of Britifh made fpirituous liquors: be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for all entered Dealers in or and licenfed dealers in, or retailers of, Britifh made fpirituous li-	grj

quors in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, not being dif-	fpl

tilierits in Scot-

 

3°+

land, not being diftillers, &c. may buy Britifh made fpirits of any licenfed dealer or retailer.

Penalty for fending out a greater quantity than four gallons of mixed fpirits.

All laws relating to the exciie to extend to this a£t.

Monies to be paid into the exchequer, and carried tc the Confoli-dated Fund.

Annoregni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. f 1 y93.

tillers, re&ifiers, or compounders of Britijh made fpirituous liquors, to receive or buy, or procure or employ any person to receive or buy, for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, any Briti/b made fpirituous liquors of any entered or licenfed dealer in, or retailer of, Britijh made fpirituous liquors ; any thing in the faid recited claule, or in any other aft or aCts of parliament, contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That no person or persons whatfoever in that part of Great Britain called Scotland {hall fell or fend out any Britijh fpirits, mixed with foreign fpirits, from his, her, or their warehoufes, ffore-houfes, rooms, {hops, cellars, vaults, fheds, or other places, to him, her, or them belonging, in any greater quantity than four gallons, upon pain of forfeiting, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things which in and by an aCt made in the twelfth year of the reign King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights Jervice, and purveyance; and for fettling a revenue upon his Majefly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majeffy's revenue of ex-cife, are provided and eftablifhed for managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjuding or afcertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and prefcribed by this a&), {hall be practifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties by this aft impofcd, and for preventing, detecting, and punching frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the. faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in this prefent aCt.

XV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies arifing by the duties by this aCt impofed (the neceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame except-

) ed) {hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Ma-jefty’s exchequer at Wejlminjler, and the money fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, fhall be carried to, -and made part of the fund called The Confoli dated Fund.

CAP.

Hosted by



3°5

I793,J Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeorOii III. CAP. LXX.

An aft for repealing the duties and drawbacks on figss and for grant* ing and allowing other duties and dravabacks in lieu thereof; for charging a duty on the importation, and allowing a drawback on the exportation, of virginal wire of copper $ for empowering the commifioners of the cuforns to author ife their officers to make allow-ance for damages received by goods during the voyage 5 and for au-thorifing the commijfioners of the cufoms and excife to fell vejfels, liable to be broken up, to private perfons, to be ufed as privateers,—* [June 17, 1793.]

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, (An act for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofmg the publick revenue ; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom 5 and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt); it is, amongf other things, enafted, Fhat if any goods, wares, or merchandize ivhatever* on which fpecifick duties are payable by the faid aft, according to the weight, tale, gauge, or meafnre thereof and which fall be imported or brought into Great Britain from foreign parts after the tenth day of May one ihoufand feven hundred and eightyffeven, (except wine, tobacco, raifns,, and currants)$ fall receive any damage by fait water, dr otherwife, during the courfe of the voyage, after fuch goods, wares, or merchandize fall have been laden or fipped in foreign parts, and before the fame fall be un-fipped or difcharged from the fip or veffel in which they fall have been imported into Great Britain, fo that the owner thereof fall be prejudiced in the fale of fuch goods, wares or merchandize, the principal officers of the citffoms, or any two of them, (whereof the collector for the time being fall be one), the proof of fuch damage being firff afeertained in the manner required by law, and immediately before the tenth day of May one thoufand feven hwidred and eighty-feven, fall have power lo choofe two indifferent merchants, experienced in the value of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, who, upon viewing the fame, fall certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths, firff adminijlered by the faid officers, ivho are hereby authorifed and im-poivered to adminiffer the fame, what damage fuch goods, wares, or merchandize have received, and how much the fa?ne are leffened in their true value, according to fuch da?nage, in relation to the duties fet on them in the fchedule thereunto annexed^ marked (A); and thereupon the proper officers fall and they are thereby authorifed and required to make a Juft, reafenable, and proportionable allowance to the merchant, by way of return or repayment out of the duties due, and zohich Jhall have been dftually paid for the fenne : and whereas frequent dfputes do a rife between the officers of the cuff 07ns and the

y oi" xxxix,	x	merchants3

Preamble. zj Geo. 3. c. 13, recited.

306	Anno regni tricesimo tertlo Georgii III. c. 70. [1793.

mercha?its, in adjlifting the allowance in regard to figs ; it having been found by experience extremely difficult to dijlinguijh what damage fuel? goods have received by unavoidable accidents in the courfe of the voyage, from the decay they are liable to by heating, if of an inferior quality, or packed in bad condition, before they are flipped in foreign parts ; zvhich has put the merchants trading in that commodity at different ports of this kingdom upon an unequal footings and been prejudicial to the publick revenue: now, for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enadfed by the King's nioft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, Hecited aft, That, from and after the paffing of this adt, the faid herein-be-,

fofat asie- fore recjtec[ aA f0 far as the fame relates to making any allow-■lates to allow-	r .	’	r	^	rJ,	.

anee for da- ance f°r damage (by way of return or repayment out of the du-

mage of hgs, ties) on figs, {hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, made void,

repealed; and fhall no longer be put in pradfice ; any thing in the faid adl:

to the contrary in anywife notwithstanding.

II.	And whereas, in confideration of the faid recited a5l being repealed, as to the allowance for damage on figs, it may be reafonable to make the merchants importing figs a compenfation (for the allowance they would have been entitled, to) by lowering the duties on the importation of figs; be it therefore further enadted by the authority and alfo the aforefaid, That, from and after the palling of this adt, the duties portation and to Pa^ on t^e imPortati°ib and the drawbacks to be allowed drawbacks on on the exportation of figs by virtue of the faid recited adf, fhall exportation of be and the fame are hereby repealed (except as to the recovery ^?s.’ ,*n ?^eu 2nd payment of arrears), and inftead and in lieu thereof the duties

fh<=>ir	1 J,	.	11111	•	-

on the importation, and the drawbacks on the exportation of hgs fhall be refpedtively as follows, (videlicet) :

Duty. Drawback, s. d.	s.	d.

If imported in a Britifij-bm\t fhip, — the 1

•hundred weight	-	-	J	10 O	9	2

If imported in a foreign fhip — the hun-7	,

dred weight -	-	-	j	10	92

VY 11IA-	LilV. y

fiiall be as follow:

Duty and drawback.

III.	And whereas by the faid recited afl^ puffed in the twenty -feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, a duty of f even pounds fix findings and .eleven-pence per hundred weight is impofed upon the importation, and a drawback of fix pounds twelve j.hillings and eleven- * A duty of 7I Pef7Ce Per hundred weight is allowed on the - exportation of virginal 6s. 1 id. per wire of brajs : and whereas it is expedient that the like duty Jhould be cwt. 'to be impofed on the importation, and the like drawback allowed on the ex-paici on im- ^ portation, of virginal wire of copper: be it therefore further enadled - dVawbackIol‘ ^ie authority aforefaid, That, from and after the paffing of this 61. 1 is. 1 id. ach, a duty of feven pounds fix fhillings and eleven-pence per to be allowed hundred weight fiiall be paid upon the importation, and a draw-ti-nolv?1'	°f	pounds twelve fhillings and eleven-pence per hundred

nalVdre'ofU	weight	be ‘allowed upon the exportation of virginal wire of

copper.	copper.

IV.	And

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGH III. c. jol 307

IV.	And be it further enafted. by the authority aforefaid, That Duties and the fe.veral duties and drawbacks by this a£I refpetftively impofed ^aV^C^!ct0 and allowed fhall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, according To allowed, and applied'in like manner, and under fuch and the fame recited aft. rules, regulations, reftri&ions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the

duties on the importation, and the drawbacks on the exportation, of figs and virginal wire of brafs refpectiveJy, are refpedlively now raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and allowed, by virtue and in purfuance of the (aid recited a£E

V.	And whereas by the /'aid recited aft, faffed in the twenty ffeventh year of the reign of his prcfent Majefty, the principal officers of the tujlorns, or any two of them (vjhereof the collector for the time being to be one) are impowered, in the cafe of goods which have been duly proved to have received damage during the courfe of the voyage, to choofe tiuo indifferent merchants, experienced in the values of fuch goods, who upon viewing the fame fhall certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths, what damage fuch goods, wares, or merchandize have received, and how much the fame are leffened in their true value, according to fuch daonage, in relation to the duties fet on them in the fchcdule to the faid aft annexed, marked (A); and thereupon the proper officers are to make a juft, reafonable, and proportionable allow-ance to the merchant$ by way of return or repayment out of the duties due, and which fhall have been actually paid for the fame: and whereas it is expedient to impower the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland reffectively to authorife their officers to ?nake allowance for damage, in order that, if the importer of the goods fhall be fatisfied

therewith, the calling in of merchants to afcertain the quantum of damage, as directed by the faid recited aft, may not be refort ed to ; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after Commiffion-the palling of this a£t, it (hall and may be lawful for any four or ers of the cui-more commiffioners of the cuftoms in England, and any three or thdr officers^ more commiffioners of the cuftoms in Scotland refpebtively, to to examine authorife fuch officers under their refpebfive management as they goods da-(hall judge proper, in the cafe of goods, wares, or merchandize maged on the which (hall have received damage during the courfe of the voyage to rnake a pro-(the proof of fuch damage being firft afcertained in the manner portionable required bylaw), to view and examine fuch goods, wares, or allowance out merchandize, and to certify what damage fuch goods, wares, or	duties;

merchandize have received, and bow much the fame are lefiened in their true value, according to fuch damage, in relation to the duties fer on them in the fchedule annexed to the faid recited abf, marked (A); and thereupon the commiffioners of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them, in England, and the commiffioners of the cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, refpec-tively, (hall direbf a juft, reafonable, and proportionable allowance to be made to the importer of fuch goods, by way of return or repayment out of the duties due, and which (hall have been actually paid for the fame: provided always, That if the importer but if the im-of fuch goods (hall not be fatisfied with the allowance fo made, {yjTTTw'th or the faid officers fo authorifed by the (aid commiffioners (hall the°allow-reprefent themlelves to be incompetent to determine what will be ance, or the

X 2	a	juft,	officers in-

24 Geo. 3. fef. 2. c. 47

308 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.71,72. [1793.

competent to a juft, reafonable, and proportionable allowance in any particular

th^diredtions ca^e> t^len ^ ru^ss’ regu^ati°ns anc^ directions of the faid recited of the recited a<^	rel°rted	to, and duly obferved and complied with, in

ad to be fob regard to afcertaining the quantum of fuch damage, on the oaths lowed.	of two indifferent merchants.

VI.	And ivhereas by an aft, made and paffied in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent majejiy King George the Third, in-* tltuled\ All a6t for the more effectual prevention of lmuggling in this kingdom ; it is, amongft other things, enabled. That in cafe any fnip or veffiel, liable to be broken up or defroyed, Jhall be necejfary and ft for the fervice of his MajcJly in his royal navy, it Jhall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of the cufo?ns or excife refpeftively, if they think proper, to caufe fuch Jhip or vcffel, infead of being broken up or defroyed, to be fold to the officers appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffiioj'iers of the navy, for that purpofe: and whereas it is expedient, during the prefent hoflilities, to authorise the com?niffiioners of his Majefys cufoms or excife refpeftively to dif-pofe of J.hips or vejfels, which Jhall or may, on cofidemnation, be liable to be broken up, to private perfons, for the purpofe of being ufed againf the enemy as private Jhips, under comm iff on from the lord high ad-?niral cf Great Britain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be law-veficls may be ful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms and excife refold to be ufed fpe(^ive]y to fell and difpofe of any fliip or veffiel which, on con-fls privateers *	#	^	j %.	j

*	'	demnation, {hall or may be liable to be broken up, to private

perfons, for the purpofe of being ufed againft the enemy, under com million from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Application of Great Britain for the time being; and one moiety of the produce the produce. Gf fuch fale, after charges of condemnation and other charges are deducted, to be paid into the exchequer, for the ufe of his Ma-jefty, and the other moiety to the officer who fued and profecuted fof the fame.

CAP. LXXI.

Condemned

An aft for further continuing, for a limited time, an ad made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majeity, intituled, An ad to enable the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury, for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an ad, made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majetty’s reign, on horfes let to hire for travelling pott, and by time, to fuch persons as fhould be willing to contrad for the fame.--------[June 17, 1793*]

Ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 26, recited. The treafury may let to farm the duty on pott horfes in leparate diftiids. Contrads not to continue longer than the firtt of February, 1797. Power of recited ad to extend to this ad.

CAP. LXXII.

An ad for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the cbn-folidated fund ; for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three ; and for further appropriating the iupplies granted in this feffion of par-liament. -— [June 21, x 793 If

3,464,000b

 

1793.] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 72.

3,464,0001. maybe ifTued out of the confolidated fund; which maybe raifed by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the faid fund. Money lent on fecurity of this ad not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be ftruck, Sec. Orders for repayment to be regiftered, and paid in courle.

No fee to be taken for regiftering, &c. on penalty of treble value and cofts, and alfo lofs of place. For undue preference in regiftering, Sec. liable to action, and to,pay the value of the debt with full cofts, and to be forejudged his office; but deputy only liable, and auditor and clerk of the pells and tellers of the exchequer liable to the fame. Not to be deemed undue preference, which orders of the fame date brought the fame day are entered firft, fo they are all entered; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be referved to dif-charge them. Orders affignable. Treafury may order the fum hereby granted to be raifed by exchequer bills in the manner preferibed by the malt ad of the prefent feffions ; the provifions of which ad (except fuch as charge the bills on the malt duties and limit the rate of intereft) to extend to this. Bills and intereft. See. to be difeharged out of the confolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this ad. 435,6961. is. 7d. iq. furplus of the confolidated fund on Jan. 5, 1793. Monies raifed by the land tax, malt ad, loans, 2,000,000!. further loans,

2,000,oool. annuities; lottery; 435,6961 is. 7<1. iq. furplus of the con-fplidated fund on Jan. 5, 1793 ; 3,464,000b hereby granted out of the confolidated fund, fhall be applied (with the refidue of the fale of French prizes) to the ufes hereafter expreffed. 3,396,915b 5s iod. for naval fer-vices in 1793. 575,000b for navy debt. 320b 6s. 9d. for land fervice of the ordnance prior to Dec. 31, 1783.	15,095b 16s. jd. for land fervice of

the ordnance in 1791.	6,826b	15s.	4d.	for	the	fame	in 1792. 32,068b

15s. 4d. for fea fervice of the fame in 1791#	448,374b	19s. 9d. for land

fervice of the fame in 1793.	281,079b	18s. 8d. for the fame in 1793.

9,802b 5s. to repair the damages done to the Cobb at Lyme Regis, by the violent ftorm which happened on the 24th and 25th of January, 1792. 3)968,5591. 8s. 3d. for land forces in 1793 ; viz. 579,174b 18s. id. 2q. for 17,344 effective men, officers, Sec. in Great Britain, Sec, 351,3851.1s. iod. for forces in the plantations of Gibraltar and New South Wales. 11,559!.

17s. 1 id. difference between Britifh and Iriffi eftabliffiments of regiments in Gibraltar and the Weft Indies for 1793. 8,323b 17s. iod. 2q. for regiments in the Juft Indies. 117,500b for recruiting and contingencies, See.

6,409b 8s. for general and ftaff officers in Great Britain. 13,940b 8s. lid. for fupernumerary officers. 52,964b 6s. 7d. to the* paymafter general, fecretary at war, Sec. 156,797b 18s. 4d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. 202b is. 8d. for reduced officers, 8cc. of the liorfe guards.

3,000b for officers late in the fervice of the ftates general. 55,092b 10s. for reduced officers of the Britifh American forces, and 4,907b 10s. for allowances to them. 9,313b 6s. 3d. for widows’ penlions. 177,995b 2s. id. for Chelfea hofpital. 278,122b 14s. 2d. for the militia of feveral counties in South Britain, and 72,000b for their contingencies, Sec. 437,857b is.

1 id. for an augmentation to the forces. 130,9?ol. for independent companies. 32,520b for additional general and'ftaff officers in Great Britain. 385,458b 2s. 6d. for the militia of feveral counties in South Britain, from, theiv refpedtive commencements to December 24, 1793, and 65,000b for their contingencies, &c.	15,639b	5s.	ud. for a corps of light dragoons V‘

in Jamaica, Sec. 238,253b 14s. 8d. for Hanoverian troops, and 217,598!. for their levy money, See. 109,682b 16s. 9d. for fencibles in North Britain, &c.	140,000b	for cloathing the militia. 59,066b 3s. 7d. for aug-

mentation to the firft regiment of dragoon guards, Sec. 337,865b is. 2d. for extraordinaries of land forces in 1792.	3,500,000b	to pay off exchequer bills, 32 Geo. 3.	2,000,000b	to difeharge further ditto, ditto.

37,657b 17s. 3d. iffued in purfuance of aJdrefies of the houfe of commons, 6,700b for the civil eftabliihment of Upper Canada, from December 31*

1792, to December 31, 1793. 5,315b for the like at Nova Scotia, from J.anuary 1, 1793, to January 1, 1794. 4,400b for New Brunfwick in America, from June 24, 1793, to June 24, 1794.	1,900b	for the ifland of St.

John in America, from January 1, 1793, to January r, 1794. i,8ool. for -■ the illand of Cape Breton in America, from June 24, 1793, to June 24,

 

310 Anno regni tricesimo.tertio Georgii III. c. 73,74. [1793,

1794*	1,1821.108. for the charge of falaries of the governor and civil offi-

cers in the ifland of Newfoundland, from April i, 1793, to April i, 1794. 4,2501. for the civil eftablifhment of the Bahama iflands, in addition to the falaries now paid out of the duty fund, from January 1, 1793, to January 1, 1794- 5 Sol. to the chief juftice of the Bermuda or Somers lflands* from June 24, 1793, to June 24, 1794*	600I.	to the chief juftice of the

ifland of Dominica, from January 1, 1793, to January 1, 1794. 4,657b 18s. 2q. for the civil eftablilhinent of New South Wales, from Odtober 10, 1792, to October 10, 1793.	13,000b	for	forts in Africa. 4,500b for

roads and bridges in the Highlands of North Britain. 500I. iffiied to John Dailey, for charges in executing 29 Geo. 3. c. 64. i.6ool. iffiued to the commiffioners of the land revenues. 218,041b 7s, 4d. for part of orders made out purfuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. for relies of American fufferers. 58,500b 17s. 6d. for ditto, made out purfumt to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. tor the fame purpofe. 56,3701 15s 8d. for provisions lent to New South Wales, &c.	3,727b	12s. tor expences of the trial of War-en Haftings,

efquire. 11,021b 4s. 5d. iffiued to Duncan Campbell, efquire, for convicts on the river Thames. 12,407b is. 4T 2q. to James Bradley, efquire, for convidts in Langftone and Portfmouth harbours. 200,000b to the commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt. 26,000b iffiied to Thomas Cotton, efquire, for relief of American fufferers. 15.643b 4s. 6d. iffiied to Meffirs. Cotton and Chinnery, for removing of black people to the Sierra Leone ilttlement. 386b 15s. 6d. ifiued to William Chinnery, efquire, for provi 'ens for emigrants from the Highlands of Scotland to Nova Scotia.. 1.008b 4s. iffiued to Jofeph White, elquire, for land tax on falaries of the officers for auditing publick accounts 5 897b 5s. iffiied to Charles Goddard, efquire, to fatisfy a bill drawn by fir Morton Eden, for expences of the duke of York at Berlin. 1,146b 8s. iffiued to William Pollock, efquire, for expences of the Ifie of Man commiffioners. 13,800b 15s. iffiued for gratuities to tettlers in Upper Canada. 3,000b to the trustees oi the Britiih Mufeum. 1,4531 16s. 4d. 2q. iffiued to the marquis of Sahfbury, for work done at the houfe of commons. 1,4201 3s iffiued to» Tho.nas Cotton, elquire. for fettlers in this kingdom from Nova Scotia. 225,325b 2s. 4'J for deficiency of grants in 1792 Supplies to be applied for the purpoles before mentioned. Rules to be obferved in the application of the fum granted for half pay. By 32 Geo. 3. c. 35. 159,7971. 10s. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1792. The overplus of which fum may be dilpoied of to officers maimed, &c. as his Ma-jefty lhall diredt.

CAP. LXXIII.

An a<5t to continue, for a limited time, and to amend feveral adts of parliament for regulating the fhipping, and carrying Haves in Britifh vefftls from the coaft of Africa.—[June 17,1793.]—Continued to Aug. 1, 1794®

CAP. LXXIV.

An MlI for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.-—[June

*7> J793-]

Preamble, T 1 / HERE AS the regulations introduced by the a£lsy made in the VV twenty-third and thirtieth years of the reign of his prefent „ Geo. 3. c. Majcjly, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and i8.and3oGeo. expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, having

3.	c. 5, recit- in general been found ufeful and beneficial to the publicity it is proper €Ch	that they Jhould, with fuel? variations and amendments as experience

hath fnggefied\ be continued, and that other and farther regulations fi?ould be made for attaining the fame falutary ends 3 may it therefore plcafe your Majefty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted

1793-3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.	311

a£ted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all fequeftrations already awarded, or that Sequeftrations fliall at any time prior to the commencement of this adft be ^a[heredted awarded under the authority of the faid two a£ts, or either of-a&s to be fol-them, {hall be carried on to a conclufion, and the cftates thereby lowed out, uu-fequeftrated fhall be managed and divided in the manner, and lefs renewed according to the rules prefcribed by the faid a£fs, unlefs the court uncler this ad', of feffion, upon caufe (hewn, fhall order the fequeftration to be renewed under this prefent ait, which fhall commence from and immediately after the palling thereof.

IL And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all Adi ofScot-adtions and queftions ariling upon the conftrudtion and effedt of Extended to an adt of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thou- persons fand fix hundred and ninety-fix, chapter live, intituled, An aSl abroad, See. for declaring notour bankrupts, when the debtor is out of Scotland, or not liable to be imprifoned by reafon of privilege, or perfonal protection, a charge of horning executed againft him, together with either an arreftment of any of his effects not looted or discharged within fifteen days, or a poinding executed of any of his moveables, or a decree of adjudication of any part of his effate, for payment or fecurity of debt, fhall, when joined with insolvency, be fufticient proof of notour bankruptcy, and from and after the laft ftep of fuch diligence, the faid debtor, if insolvent, shall be holden and deemed a notour bankrupt; and every per-fon, whether he be out of Scotland or not, whofe effate fhall be fequeffrated under the authority of this prefent adf, fhall alfo be holden and deemed a notour bankrupt in all queftions upon the faid a£f of one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix, from and after the date of the firft deliverance on the petition to the court of feffion for awarding the fequeftration.

III.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That when Paripaflu pre-a debtor is made notour bankrupt in terms of the faid adt made -ference of ar-in the year one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix, as now ex- certTiTcafcs tended, all arreftments which fhall have been ufed for attaching any effects of fuch bankrupt within fixty days prior to the bankruptcy, or within four calendar months thereafter, fhall be ranked, pari pajfu, in the fame manner as if fuch arreftments had been of the fame date; and that in time coming, letters or precepts of arreftment bearing to be upon a depending adlion may be granted fummarily, upon production of the libelled fummons, and it fhall be no objection to the pari pafjii preference hereby eftablifhed, that the fummons upon which any arreftment proceeds was not executed, or that the debt upon which it is founded was not liquidated at the date of the arreftment: providing always, That thefe and all other neceffary fteps are afterwards taken without any undue delay ; and in cafe the firft or any fub-fequent arrefter fhall in the meantime have obtained a decree of forthcoming or preference, and thereupon have recovered payment^ he fhall neverthelels be accountable for the fum recovered

X 4	tQ

Arreftments at

market croi's, &c. no fuffi-cient interpellation.

Poindedgoods to he fold by roup.

Pari paffu pre ference of poindings in certain cir-cumitances.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.'

to thofe who, by virtue of this aft, may be eventually found to have a pari pnffii preference thereon, and (hall be liable to an aftion at their inftance, for payment to them proportionally, after allowing out of the fund the expence of making it effectual; and further providing, that if there be any arreftments ufed for attaching the fame effefts after the period of four months fubfe-quent to the bankruptcy, fuch arreftments fhall not compete with thofe ufed prior to the period aforefaid, hut may rank with one another, according to the former law and praftice.

IV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That an ar-reftment executed at the market crofs of Edinburgh, and pier and fhore of Leith, to attach the effefts of the debtor, as in the hands of a person out of Scotland, (hall not be held to have inter-pelled fuch person from paying to the original creditor, unlefs proof be made that he or thofe having authority to aft for him were previoufly in the knowledge of fuch arreftment having been fo ufed.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in future the meffenger or other officer employed in executing a poinding for debt, fhall leave in the hands of the debtor a fchedule of the poinded goods, and note of the appraifed values (one ap-praifement being in every cafe fufficient), and fhall forthwith report his execution of poinding to the Sheriff, or other judge ordinary, who (hall give directions for felling the goods poinded by publick roup, after fuch publication, and at fuch time and place as circumftances may require, any person who intromits with or carries off the goods in the meantime, in order to difap-point the poinding, being liable in double the appraifed value thereof; and the net fum arifing from the fale, after deduftion of all charges, or the goods, in cafe no offerers appear, fhall be delivered over to the poinding creditor, a note or minute of the tranfaftion being kept by the clerk, to be made patent to all concerned, for a fee of one (hilling.

VI And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That when a person has been rendered notour bankrupt as aforefaid, no poinding of the moveables belonging to fuch bankrupt ufed within fixty days before the bankruptcy, or within four calendar months thereafter, fhall give a preference to fuch poinder, but that every other creditor of the bankrupt, having liquidated grounds of debt, or decrees for payment, and fummoning fuch poinder before the faid four months are elapfed, fhall be entitled to a proportional fhare of the price of the goods fo poinded, ef-feiring to his debt, deducting always the expence of fuch poind-ing, together with ten per centum more on the faid price or appraifed value, which the poinder fhall retain to account of his debt, in preference to the other creditors, the faid debt being thereby fo far diminifhed in the competition with them : and providing alfo, that all poindings after the four months fhall have fuch preference as they were entitled to by former law and practice, faving always the landlord’s right of hypothec for rents, or any other hypothec known in law* which fhall be nowife hurt or

impaired

 

*793'] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.'	'	313

impaired by any thing contained in this aft: and provided alfo, that in the cafe of a fequeflration under this aft, the pan pajfu preference of arreftments and poindings fhall be regulated as herein-after direfted.

VII.	And whereas an add of the parliament of Scotland, in the AftsofScot-

year one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-one^ chapter feventeen, in- land of 1681 tituled, An aft concerning the fale of bankrupt’s lands, required	[failed

certain forms of publication and citation, which in practice have *	*

been found to be expenfve and inconvenient; and another abt of the parliament 0/* Scotland, in the year one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-five, chapter fix, intituled. Aft regulating the fale and payment of bankrupt’s eftate, made it lawful for purchafcrs of fuch

ejlates to confign the price after a certain time, in the hands of the magifirates and town council of Edinburgh, which method has been found inconvenient, and has fieldom been pradlifed; and by an article in the regulations of the fejfion ejlablijhed in the fame year, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-five, fedlion twenty-fix, it was provided, that the ranking of the creditors jhould proceed and be concluded by decree before the fale of the lands, which regulation has generally been prejudicial to the creditors; be it enafted, That the faid in and repealed, part recited afts (hall be, and the fame are hereby in fo far repealed ; and the court of feflion {ball have full power to make Judicial fales afts of federunt for abridging the forms of publication and cita- of elates, tion, and regulating the proceedings in procefles of fale, ranking, and divifion, whether at the inftance of creditors or of apparent heirs ; and in every cafe of a fale under the authority of Purchafers the court of feflion, it fhall be lawful to the purchafer at any ™*Ies°^the term of Whitfunday or Martinmas fubfequent to the term of pay- bank, &c, ment of the price, to lodge the price, with the interefl: due upon it, in the royal bank or bank of Scotland, at fuch interefl: as can be procured for it, by doing which, and by giving notice thereof to the agent who carried on the fale, he fhall be difcharged of the faid price ; and further, the court of feflion, upon the application of any of the creditors, fhall be impowered to make an order on the purchafer to lodge the price and interefl: at any of the faid terms, fubfequent to the term of payment, in one or other of the faid banks, fuf&cient intimation being always pre-vioufly given both to the purchafer and to the common agent for the creditors, that fuch application is made, in order that all parties may have an opportunity to objeft; and in all cafes of Sales may prejudicial fales, the lands or other heritable fubjefts may be brought cede ranking, to aftual fale fo foon as the necefiary previous fteps are taken, whether the ranking be concluded or not, unlefs the court, upon application of any party concerned, fhall find fufficient caufe to delay the fale.

VIII.	And whereas doubts have arifen upon the corifirufiion of an adt, made in the year one thoufand fix hundred and ninety, chapter twenty, intituled. Aft anent the fale of bankrupt’s lands, in fo far as it requires that the common debtor be found bankrupt, and utterly

infolvent; be it enafted, That a judicial fale? at the inflance of ^ofvenc0°ne^ creditors, may in all cafes proceed where the interefl of the debts cefTary^or U<>

and fales.

314	Anno	regni	tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

and the other annual burdens exceed the yearly income of the fubjecfts under fale^ or where a fequeftration fhall have taken place under this or any former ftatute, without other proof of bankruptcy or infolvency.

IX.	And whereas by an a£l of the parliament ^Scotland, in the year one thoufand five hundred and forty, chapter one hundred and fix, concerning charges to enter heir, and another a£l in the year one thoufand fix hundred and twenty-one, chapter Huenty-feven, concern-ing apprf/ings againjl heirs, it was ordained, that charges againjl heirs unentered, which were to be the foundation of apprifmg againjl their predeceffors lands, might proceed at the injlance of creditors commanding them to enter within forty days after the charge, but it has been doubted whether the fame or a longer term is required zuhen the perjon charged is out a/'Scotland, and it is inexpedient that fuch Inducing Jhould be of long duration ; be it enadled by the authority

Adjudications aforefaid, That the Induct& of a charge to enter heir fliall in no on charges to cafe exceed forty days, whether the person charged be within enter heir. the kingdom or out of it, and that after one fuch charge, wbe-* ther general or fpecial, has been given at the- inftance of any creditor, every fubfequent charge, at the inftance of the fame* or of any other creditor, may be upon the Inducia of twenty days only ; any law or pradlice to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And, in order to lejfen the nu?nber of adjudications for debt, and confequently the expence to all parties, and to facilitate the pari paflu preference of creditors in Jimilar circumjlances ; be it ena&ed.

Different ere- That the lord ordinary officiating in the court of feffion, before

ditors maybe ^hom the firft procefs of adjudication againft any eftate, for bay-^ toineci in one	*	•	j	c	%	^	^	*	j

adjudication. ment or fecurity of debt is called, fhall ordain intimation thereof

to be made in the minute book, and on the wall, in order that any other creditors of the common debtor, who at the next calling of the caufe can fhew, that although they have not executed their fummonfes of adjudication, they are in other refpedls by the nature of their grounds .of debt, and fteps taken by them, in condition to proceed in adjudging their debtor’s eftate, may produce the inftrudfions of their debts, with fummonfes of adjudication, libelled and figneted, for the purpofe of their being conjoined in the decree of adjudication, twenty federunt days being allowed for fuch intimation, before the caufe can be called a fe-cond time ; and if any of thefe forms fhall happen to be omitted, the faid adjudication fhall be null and void, without prejudice to the validity and order of ranking of pofterior adjudications, ac-Agent or fac- cording to the rules of Jaw; and further, that when the eftate of tor may ad- a debtor is brought into the court of feffion by a procefs of ju~ ciitor^Tnffin* ^cia^ an^ ranking, and where no fequeftration under this a1 judicia?a^> as herein-after mentioned, fhall have taken place, the court fhall have power, by regulations, to eftablifh a mode of adjudging, in name of the common agent or faeftor, once or oftener, as occafion may require, for behoof of the creditors whofe grounds of debt or intereft are produced, and in the mean time to flop, adjudications at the inftan.ee of individual creditors, unlefs the fame be neceffary in order to come within yeajr and day of the

. fir ft:

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.	315

firft effectual adjudication, or be found proper on any other account, it being always underftood that the whole creditors conjoined in the fame decree of adjudication {hall be pari pa[fu, with one another, and that each creditor fhall have the fame benefit thereby as if he had adjudged for himfeif; and it fhall be lawful for him to extract that part of the decree which concerns his own debt, upon payment of the ordinary dues, without any ne-cefiity of extracting the whole.

XL And,, in order to fix more clearly in time coming what diligence is neceffary to make an adjudication effectual; be it enaCted,

That the prefenting a fignature in exchequer, when the holding What dili-is of the crown, or the executing a general charge of horning	°t

againft fuperiors, at the market crofs of Edinburgh, and pier and eff^ua] adju-fhore of Leith, when the holding is of a fubjedt, and recording dications, an abftradt of the faid fignature or the faid charge in the regifter of abbreviates of adjudications, fhall be held in all time coming as the proper diligence for the purpofe aforefaid.

XII.	And whereas by an aCt of the parliament Scotland in the year one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix, chapter five, intituled,

A6f for declaring notour bankrupts, it is inter alia declared. That any difpofitions or other rights that Jhall be granted for hereafter for relief or fecurity of debts to be contracted for the future, Jhall be of no force as to any fuch debts that Jhall be found to be contracted after the feifine or infeftment following on the find difpofition or rights : and vjhereas cajh accounts or credits granted by banks or bankers were not at that time in ufe, but have fince proved very beneficial to commerce : and whereas it vjoidd tend not only to the further benefit of commerce, but aljo of agriculture and manufactures, if part of the before-recited aCt were repealed, Jo far as to make it lawful for per-fons pojjejfed of lands and other heritable property to grant fecurity thereon by infeftment for the payment of cajh accounts or credits to be granted to them: therefore be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any person or persons Part of the a<5t poflefled of lands, or other heritable fubjedts,. and deiiring to andl/curities* pledge the fame in fecurity of cafh accounts or credits, to grant for ca(]1 ac. Securities upon their faid lands or other heritable eflate, con- counts or taining procuratory of refignation and precept of feifine for in- credits may be fefting any bank or bankers, or other perfons, who fhall agree g^^d-to give them fuch cafh accounts or credits, provided the principal and intereft, which may become due upon the faid cafh accounts or credits, fhall be limited to a certain definite fum, to be fpeci-fied in the fecurity: and it is hereby declared, That it fhall and may be lawful to the person to whom the faid cafh account or credit is granted, to operate upon the fame, by drawing out and paying in fuch fums from time to time as the parties fhall fettle between themfelves, and that the feifines or infeftments taken upon the faid heritable fecurities fhall be equally valid and effectual as if the whole fums advanced upon the faid credit had been paid prior to the date of the fafme or infeftment taken thereon, and that any fuch heritable fecurity fhall remain and fubfift to the

extent of the fum limited.

or any lefler fum, until the cafh account

fadturers, &c. if bankrupt, maybe fequeftrated,

316	Anno regni tricesimotertio Georgii IIT. c. 74. [1793.

count or credit is finally clofed, and the balance paid up and dif-charged, and the fafine or, infeftment renounced, and fuch part of the forefaid in part recited aft of the Scots parliament one thou-fand fix hundred and ninety-fix, in fo far as it is derogatory hereto, is hereby repealed.

XIII,	And whereas it is for the interejl of commerce, that the eftates of thofe concerned in trade and manufactures, when they are unable to anfwer the demands upon them, Jhould be difpofed of and dijlributed among their creditors in the mojl expeditious inanner, without avoiding the ordinary forms of law \ be it enafted by the au~ Eftates of mer- thority aforefaid, That if any person in that part of Great Britain ca^e^ Scotland, being a merchant or trader in grofs or by retail, or a banker, broker, or underwriter, or a manufafturer, artificer, or mechanic, and in general any person who either for himfelf, or as agent or faftor for others, feeks his living by buying and felling, or by the workmanfhip of goods or commodities, or by any other of the foregoing occupations, or holds a (hare in any fuch undertaking (excepting always holders of India flock, or (lock in any of the banks eftablifhed by publick authority, or ip the friendly infurance company at Edinburgh againft fire, the Forth and Clyde navigation, or other inland navigation companies, or the Britijh fifheries, common labourers or workmen for hire, landholders and tenants of land, or hufbandmen, if fuch persons be not otherwife, bona fide, under one or other of the foregoing if certain dili- defcriptions), (hall be under diligence by horning and caption for gence be done, debt, and fhall either, in virtue thereof, be imprifoned, or retire to a sanctuary, or fly or abfcond for his perlonal fafety, or defend his person by force, or being out of Scotland, or not liable to be imprifoned by reafon of privilege or perfonal proteftion, fhall be under diligence by charge of horning attended with arreftment not loofed or difcharged within fifteen days, or poinding of any part of his moveables, or decree of adjudication of any part of his eflate for payment or fecurity of debt at the inftance of any creditor, it fhall be lawful to any creditor of the faid perfon, whofe debt fhall amount to the fum of one hundred pounds fter-are'ofascertain ling, or any two creditors whofe debts fhall amount to the fum extent, and of one hundred and fifty pounds fterling, or any three or more produ&ion of creditors, whofe debts amount to the fum of two hundred pounds oath’s*	fterling or upwards, whether fuch debts are liquidated by formal

vouchers, or fiand upon open account, at any time within four calendar months of the laft ftep of the faid diligence, to apply, by fummary petition, to the court of feflion for a fequeftration of the faid debtor’s eflate, heritable and moveable, real and perfonal, and upon production of the grounds of debt, or a certified copy of the account, and a depofition by the creditor or creditors, at whofe inftance the application is made, taken by any judge ordinary, or juftice of the peace, to the verity of the debt or debts, and alfo that they believe the party againft whom the application is made to be a merchant, or otherwife within one or other of Debtor to be the defcriptions, and not within the exceptions aforefaid, the cited.	court (hall grant warrant for citing the faid debtor, by delivering,

to

upon petition for creditors whofe debts

I793-] Ahno regni tncefimo tertio GeorgIi HI. C- U- 3l7

to him perfonally, or by leaving at his dwelling houfe, a copy of the faid petition, or, if the faid debtor is out of Scotland, by affixing copies upon the market crofs of Edinburgh, pier and fhore of Leith, and alfo leaving a copy at the dwelling houfe, or houfe of bufinefs in Scotland laft occupied by fuch debtor, to appear in court within the time fpecified in the warrant of citation, not being lefs than fix nor more than forty days from the date of the citation, to (hew caufe why fequeftration fhould not be awarded ; and at the time of granting fuch warrant of citation, the court fhall likewife, if defired, grant the ufual authority, at the inftance of the petitioners, for recovering written evidence of the faid diligence, and upon production of fuch evidence at the diet of appearance, if the debtor fhall not appear either in person or by his counfel or agent, or fo appearing fhall not inflantly pay or produce written evidence of the debt or debts being fatisfied upon which the diligence proceeded, and alfo pay or fatisfy the debt or debts due to the petitioner or petitioners, or {hew other reafon-able caufe why further proceedings fhould not be had, the court fhall immediately award fequeftration of the faid debtor’s whole eftate and effects, heritable and moveable, real and perfonal, for the benefit of his whole juft and lawful creditors.

XIV.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the Court to fix

court fhall, by the fame deliverance which awards the fequeftra- meetings for * j	*	choice ot mc^

tion, make an order upon the creditors to meet upon a certain tor and mif_

day and hour, being not more than three weeks from that date, tee; and as much fooner as circumftances may permit, in order to name an interim factor, if they think fit to appoint one, or failing their doing fo, to devolve the interim care and cuftody of the effedts upon the fheriff clerk; and the court fhall, by the fame deliverance, make an order upon the creditors to meet upon a certain day and hour, being not more than fix weeks and not lefs than four weeks from that date, for the purpofe of naming a truftee, in whofe person the faid eftate fhall be vefted, as hereinafter mentioned, the faid meetings to be at a convenient place, either where the bankrupt refides, or where his bufinefs is or was laft carried on, or as near it as poffible, the place being alfo fpecified, which deliverance the petitioning creditor or creditors fhall forthwith caufe to be advertifed in a paper to be called the which are to Edinburgh Gazette, to be printed and publilhed by fuch person or be advertifed* persons as his Majefty, under his royal fign manual, fhall from ^^rwi G time to time think fit to appoint, and on fuch day or days as the court of feffion fhall by an a£t of federunt diredf and judge moft proper for the more effedlually carrying this a6t into execution,

(which gazette fhall, befides advertifements or notices, publiih

only fuch articles of news or other articles of intelligence as may

appear from time to time in the London Gazette, together with

the corn and fugar returns), otherwife the whole proceedings to

be null and void; and the court fhall at the fame time grant Court to grant

commiffion to any refident magiftrate of the burgh, or to the commiflion to

fheriff depute or fubftitute of the county where the meeting is to	l°

be held, or, failing them* any juftice of the peace of the county, meeting,

to

 

3*8

Qgeftions there, how to be determined.

Sheriff may lock up fhop, Ac. after fe-quellration.

Powers and duty of fadtor, Ac.

A merchant, Ac. may apply for fequeftra-tion, with con Pent of creditors to a certain extent.

Anno regrii tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. ^4. [1795.

to attend the faid firft meeting of creditors, find to receive their grounds of debt, with the oaths of verity thereon, after-mentioned, and to fign the minutes of the creditors, along with the prefes chofen by them ; and all quefiions at this meeting fhall be determined by a majority of the creditors in value or extent of debt appearing at the faid meeting by themfelves or others au-thorifed by them, and whofe grounds of debt and oaths thereon are fo produced ; and it fhall be in the power of the fheriff depute or fubftitute, upon caufe fhewn by any of the creditors, at any time after the fequeftiation, and before the meeting for the choice of the factor, to feal up and caufe to be put under fafe cuftody the books and papers of the bankrupt, and to lock up his or her fhop, warehoufe, or other repolltorics, and to keep the keys thereof till a fadfor is named, or the cuffody and care devolved upon the fheriff clerk, fubjetff in the mean time to fuch orders and directions as either the court of feffion or the fheriff may think proper to give, on the application of any party concerned, for prefervation pf the effedfs.

XV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid fadtor or fheriff clerk, chofen as interim manager, fhall be entitled to take poffeflion of the bankrupt’s whole eftate and effects, and of the bills, notes, and whole other vouchers, title deeds, and inftrudlions of his eftate, and alfo of his books and papers, and the bankrupt fhall, if required by him, or by the creditors at faid meeting, grant powers of attorney, or other deeds, which maybe deemed neceffary or proper for the recovery of the effate and effedfs fituated in foreign parts, under the pain' of fraudulent bankruptcy, and of being deprived of all benefit from this ftarute; and the fadfor, if required, fhall find fecurity for his intromifiions to fuch extent as the faid majority fhall think reafonable, he, or failing him the fheriff clerk, being always entitled to a gratification for trouble, to be fixed by a majority of the creditors in value affembled at any general meeting, fubjedfc to the modification of the court of fefiion; and the faid fadfor or fheriff clerk fhall engrofs the minutes of the meeting at which he is appointed in a book of Jederunt properly authenticated, which fhall be kept by him as his warrant for adting ; and the principal minutes of the faid meeting, being figned by the commifiioner, by the prefes of the meeting, and by the faid interim manager, fhall be tranfmitted by the commifiioner to the clerk of the le-queftration, to be kept among the records of the court of fefiion.

XVI.	And be it enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That if any merchant or other person deferred as above, and not within the exceptions, whether diligence has been executed againft him or not, lhall make a joint application to the court of fefiion along with any creditor whole debt fhall amount to the lum of one hundred pounds flerling, or anv two creditors whofe debts fhall amount to the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds fterling, or any three or more creditors whofe debts fhall amount to the fum of two hundred pounds iterling, or upwards, whether fuch debts be liquidated or ffand upon open account, ana oath being made

as

Hosted by



1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertioGEORGii III. c. 74.	319

as above to the verity of thefe debts, and the parties or their agent alfo making oath, to their knowledge or belief, of the debtor’s being within one or other of the defcriptions, and not within the exceptions aforefaid, the court is hereby authorifed and required to award fequeftration of the debtor’s eftate, here-table and moveable, real and perfonal, and the procedure {hall go on as before dire&ed.

XVII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no Nofequeftra ; fequeftration filall be awarded againft anvperfon having an eftate ti°n againft a or effedts in Scotland, who at the time of the application does not ^Sco^Iarf^ either refide, or has a dwelling houfe or houfe of buftnefs, there, without his or at leaft had fuch refidence or dwelling houfe or houfe of bufi- concurrence, nefs, within a year previous to the application, unlefs the debtor

himfelf, or thole acting for him, concur in the application.

XVIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Eftates of the eftates of all copartnerfhips carrying on bufinefs under any of partnerlhip^ the denominations or defcriptions above fet forth, and not within ^uae^-rated" the exceptions, may be fequeftrated upon the application either 4

of thofe entitled to adt for them, with confent of any creditor of fuch partnerlhip whofe debt amounts to the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, or any two creditors whofe debts amount to the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds fterling, or any three or more creditors whofe debts amount to the fum of two hundred pounds fterling or upwards, or at the application of fuch creditor or creditors themfelves, whofe debts are to the amount already mentioned, in which laft cafe it muft appear that diligence has been done againft one or more of the partners for payment of a partnerlhip debt in the fame way and manner as is before required to found an application againft individuals, and in either cafe the procedure hereby directed with regard to individual debtors lhall be followed out, and it fhali be fufficient to cite the partnerlhip, by leaving a copy at the houfe or Ihop where their bufinefs is or was carried on, or where any of their acting partners refide; and if the faid houfes and ftiop be fliut up or de-ferted by them, a copy (hall alfo be affixed at the market crofs of jEdinburgh^ and pier and Ihore of Leith.

XIX.	And be it enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That the Petition for party applying for the fequeftration, whether the creditor or ere- ^be^re^ifter ditors alone, or the bankrupt, with concurrence of a creditor or ed asainnhibi-creditors, fhall caufe the petition of fequeftration, and the firft tion,otherwise deliverance thereon, to be recorded in the general regifter of in- proceedings hibitions, v/ithin fifteen days after the faid deliverance is pro- vo^‘ nounced, and the fame fhall, from the date of the deliverance, be

held equivalent to an inhibition againft the debtor for behoof of the whole creditors, in cafe the fequeftration is finally awarded, but the proceedings fhall be of no effedt if fuch regift rat ion be omitted ; and it fhall not be in the power of the bankrupt, after fequeftration is awarded, to flop proceedings by paying off the debt on which the diligence and petition did proceed j and in cafe of any undue conduct or neglect in thefe particulars, or with regard to publilhing the advertifements before directed, whereby o	other

 

3lo

Sequeftrations Crroneoufly awarded, how to be recalled.

Procedure at the meeting for the choice of truftee.

Bankrupt to exhibit a ftate of his affairs.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii lit. c. 74. [1793.’

other creditors may fuftain a lofs, the petitioning creditor or creditors, and thofe acting for them, {hall be liable in all damages arifing from fuch undue condudt or omiffion : providing always, That if the debtor againft whom fequeftration has been awarded without his own concurrence, or if any creditor, who has not concurred in or confented to the application, {hall apprehend that the party againft whom it is awarded does not come within the defcription before given, or falls under any of the exceptions therefrom, or that there is any other good ground for recalling the fequeftration, and annulling the whole proceedings, fuch debtor or creditor {hall be at liberty, at any time V/ithin thirty days after fequeftration is awarded, to apply to the court of fef-fion, fetting forth the grounds upon which the fequeftration ought to be recalled, and this petition being intimated to the party or parties at whofe inftance the fequeftration was obtained, or their known agent, and a reafonable time given to make anfwers thereto, and to adduce the neceffary proofs on either fide, the court £hall determine upon the fame, and either recal or confirm {he fequeftration, as the juftice of the cafe may require, but in the mean time, until this matter is finally determined, the proceedings under the fequeftration {hall go on as if no fuch application had been made.

XX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That at the general meeting for choofing a truftee, the faid interim manager {hall exhibit the book of federunt containing the minute of his appointment, together with a ftate of his intromiffions, and the books and papers in his poffefiion, which ftate fhall be in-groffed in the faid book of federunt, and the majority of creditors in value or extent of debt prefent at this meeting {hall determine who is t6 be truftee; but no creditor {hall be entitled to a vote at this or any future meeting, who has not, either then or formerly, exhibited not only an oath of verity on his debt, but alfo the grounds or vouchers thereof, and got the fame marked or entered in the book of federunt; and at the faid or any other meeting it fhall be lawful for agents or attornies having com-mifiions, either general or fpecial, from any of the creditors, to appear and vote in all matters wherein their conftituents them-{elves, if prefent, might have voted ; and the creditors may choofe two or more truftees to adt in fucceffion, one failing another by death, refignation, of removal, but only one truftee {hall adt at a time; and in no cafe fhall it be competent to the creditors to appoint as truftee, either the bankrupt himfelf, of any person who, with refpedt to him, is by the law of Scotland held to be conjunct or confident.

XXI.	And be it enadted, That at the faid meeting the bankrupt final! exhibit, or caufe to be exhibited, a ftate of his affairs, Specifying the whole eftate and effects, heritable and moveable,: real and perfonal, wherefoever fituated, belonging to him, and debts due to him, including any eftate in expectancy, which he may have an eventual right to, by contract of marriage, entail, or other wife, and fpecifving alfo the debts due by him, or demands

Hosted by



^793-1 Anno regni tricefirho tertlo GfeoRGn III, c. 74.	32*

mands upon him, fo far as they are known to him, and alfo a rental of his lands, and an inventory or lift of his books, papers, accounts, bills, notes, and title deeds, or other documents of his eftate, which Hate, rental, and inventory /hall be ingrofled in the feclerunt book, the fame being duly authenticated by the prcfes of the meeting, who /hall deliver the faid book of federunty and the title deeds of the heritable eftate, to the tiuftee fo named, and /hall deliver the Other papers to the interim manager afore- Interim ma~ faid, to be kept by h:m until the fame are duly taken off his hands nager to be by the truftee, upon being difcharged of his intromi/lions, and exonerated» Satisfied of all demands which he has again/! the efface for advances of money, commiffion, or trouble.

XXII.	And be it enacted, That fo foon as the faid truftee Truftee, on fhall have declared his acceptance, and found Security for his in- finding fecu-tromiffions and faithful management to the extent required by co£firmed by the majority of the creditors in value at the aforefaid meeting, the court 5 the minutes of the faid meeting /hall be reported to the court or feffiorv by the truffee, a copy of them being previously entered in the federunt book, and if no good objection is made to the truftee, his nomination (hall be confirmed, and he /hall then have a right to call for, and take into his cuftody, all books, accounts, vouchers of debt, fecurities, and other papers and documents relative to the efface, or to the affairs of the bankrupt,' and to account with and difcharge the interim manager, and likewife to take fuch legal fteps as may be effedlual for recovering the poffeffion of the eftate and effects* wherever fituated, he being always entitled to a reafonable allowance or commiffion for and entitled to his trouble, to be fixed by the commiffioners herein-after men- commi on* tioned, previous to each dividend.

XXIII-'And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Eftate veiled the nomination of the truffee being thus reported and approved of, the court /hail, at the fame time, ordain the bankrupt to exe- vjrtae ^9 cute and deliver, within a certain reafonable time to be Specified a6t, in the interlocutor, a difpofition or other proper deed or deeds of conveyance or alignment, making over to the faid truffee or truftees, in their order, his whole eftate and effedls, heritable and moveable, real and perfonal, wherever fituated, and which /hall Specially defcribe and convey the pretnifes, fo far as they are known, or fo far as the truftees fhall think it neceffary, and be in fuch form and ftyle as may effectually veft the right in him, with full powers of recovery and fide, for behoof of the creditors; and if the bankrupt Shall, without reasonable caufey negled! or refufe to obey Such order, the. court may punifti him by imprisonment; and in all events, whether fuch deed or deeds be executed or not, it is hereby ftatuted and declared, that the faid whole eftate and effedls, of whatever kind, and wherever fituated (in fo far as may be confiftent with the laws of other countries, when the effedbf are out of Scotland) fhall be deemed and held to be vefted in the faid truftee, or truftees in fucceffion, for behoof of the creditors, and the court /hall, in the ad! or order above men- by decreet of tioned, declare every right, title, and iatereft* which was for- adjudication Vol. XXXIX.	Y	merly	°* the court*

 

322 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74/ [1793*

merly in the bankrupt, to be now in the truftee for the purpofes aforefaid, and particularly fball adjudge, decern, and declare the whole lands and other heritable eftate belonging to the bankrupt within the jurisdiction of the court, and which, as far as known, {hall be fpecially enumerated and defcribed, to pertain and belong to the truftee, or truftees in fuccefison, abfolutely and irredeemably to the end that the fame may be fold, levied, and recovered, and converted into money for payment of the creditors, which adjudication, being of the nature of an adjudication in implement, as well as for payment, or fecurity of debt, fhail Entailed pro- be fubjedl to no legal reverfion: declaring always, that if any perty how far part cf the bankrupt’s property happens to be entailed, or other-*	wife of a limited nature, the conveyance to be executed by

him, or the decree of adjudication to be obtained by the truftee, {hall only be underftood to carry that right and intereft in the eftate which the bankrupt himfelf has, and can fafely convey, and which his creditors can validly attach.

XXIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the truftee (hail caufe an abbreviate of the act or order tered ^ aforefaid, adjudging the eftate of the bankrupt, to be recorded, within fifteen days of the date thereof, in the regifter of abbreviates of adjudications, in the fame manner, and to the lame Effedts of effect that abbreviates of adjudications mult be recorded, and adjudication, this being done, the truftee fhail be entitled, for behoof of the whole creditors, to rank in the fame manner upon the heritable eftate as if it had been a common decree of adjudication obtained and rendered effectual at the date of the ftrft deliverance on the petition for fequeftration, accumulating the whole debts of the bankrupt, principal and intereft, as at that period, and adjudging for fecurity or payment thereof, and it {hall further operate as a complete attachment and transfer of the moveable or perfonal eftate for behoof of all the creditors, at the date of the ftrft deliverance aforefaid, and the laid difpofttion, adjudication, or transfer final 1 not be reducible upon any ground of law, nor ftruck at by any prior inhibition, laving always the effect which fuch inhibition may be Inti tied to againft contractions of debt by the bankrupt pofterior to the inhibition j and provided always, that the laid difpofitibn or adjudication of the heritable eftate by the act or order of the court, or the adjudication before-mentioned, which the court may direct in name of the common agent or factor, during the dependance of a judicial fale, fhail have no effect upon any queftion of fucceffion between the heir and executor of the creditor.

Feudal titles	XXV. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That

may be com- upon the laid difpofttion or decree of adjudication, the feudal pleted cd it. titles requifite by the law of Scotland to veil heritable property fhail and may be made up, either in the person of the truftee, or in the person of the purchafer from him, in virtue of fuch truftee’s conveyance, agreeably to the forms of the law of Scot-land• and each truftee fucceeding a prior truftee through death,

refignation.

 

1793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgxi III. c. 74/

fefignatiori, ctr removal (unlefs fubftituted at the hr ft nomination, in which cafe no other form is neceftary) (hall be vefted in the right, either by difpofition from the former truftee, or by adjudication obtained by the new truftee, on a fummary application to the court of Celfion as before, and the fuperior fhail, if required, be obliged to enter the truftee or truftees, or pur-chafer, in the fame manner as he is directed by an a (ft: made in the twentieth year of his late Majefty’s reign for abolishing ward-holdings ; and if the truftee fhali afterwards difcover any other heritable eftate belonging to the bankrupt, and which belonged to him at the date of the firft deliverance aforefaid, the fame {hall be adjudged in manner before-directed, and to the Fame effect; and in cafe the bankrupt’s own titles to any part of the eftate, heritable or moveable, real or perfonal, which belonged to him at that period, or to which he had then fucceeded as apparent heir, neareft in kin, or other wife, to any predecef-for, have not been fo completed as to ve'i the right properly in him, the truftee (hall take the rnoft fafe and eligible method of completing the bankrupt’s title in fuch way and manner as the law requires, which title (hall accrefe to that already acquired by the truftee in the fame way as if it had been completed prior to the difpofition by the bankrupt, or adjudication againft him, declaring that the rules of preference or ranking between the creditors of the aneeftor and thofe of the heir by the law of Scotland are not meant to be altered by any thing contained in this aGt.

XXVI* And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That within eight days after the appointment of the truftee is confirmed by the court of fefiion, he final I apply to the fherifF of the county where the debtor rcfides, or where his bufinefs was carried on, who is hereby authorifed and required to name one day, being not lefs than fourteen days nor more than three weeks from the date of the application, and another day, being not lefs than fourteen days nor more than three weeks after the firft day fo named, for the pubiiek examination of the bankrupt upon the jftate of his affairs, and all circumfrances relative thereto, in the file rift court houfe of the diftridf, gt fuch other place as the fhe-riff fhali think proper to appoint, a fee of one guinea each fitting being allowed to the fherifF depute or fubftitute who officiates ; and the truftee may alfo, if he finds it neceftary for the purpofe of obtaining a full difeovery of the bankrupt’s eftate and eftetfts, infill: for an examination of his wife and others of his family, or connected with his bufinefs, upon all proper interrogatories, which examinations are to be taken upon oath (if required) before the iheriff, at one or other of the laid diets, or upon any intermediate day; and after the faid diets are fixed, the truftee fhali immediately publifh an advertifement in the newfpaper before-mentioned, intimating to the creditors his appointment as truftee on the bankrupt eftate, the two days fixed for the examination of the bankrupt, and that on the firft lawful day immediately fuccceding the laft of thefe examinations, a

Y 2	meeting

323

Succeeding truftee how to be vefted.

Superior to receive truftee as a vaflaL

Heritable eftate afterwards difeo-vered, how to be veiled.

Eflates to which the bankrupt has not made up titles, how to be vefted.

Sheriff to fix two dietsfor the examination of the bankrupt and others.

Truftee to adverti le diets, &c.

3U

Warrant may be granted to bring the bankrupt to be examined.

Truftee may at any time examine,

and may get

the bankrupt protected till examined.

Procedure in examinations.

Annoregni tficefimo tertio Georgxx III. c. j4* [l79'P

meeting of the creditors is to be held at the fame place for in-ftrudUng the truftee as to the management and recovery of the eftate, and requiring the creditors to produce, in the truftee’s hands, their claims and vouchers or grounds of debt, with their oaths on the verity thereof, at or, previous to the faid meeting,' if not already produced, and farther intimating, that unlels the faid produ&ions are made between, and a certain day fpecified in the advertifement, being ten months after the date of the firft deliverance on the petition for fequeftration, the party neglecting (hall have no (hare in the nrft diftribution of the debtor’s eftate, and the fheriff depute or fubftitute {hall,- if neceftary, iffue his warrant for apprehending the bankrupt, or any oi his family, or others connected with his bufmefs, who are to be examined, within his jurifdiction, in order to force their appearance at the diets of examination, or if they be without his ju-rifdiCtion, the court of feftion fhall, on the application of the truftee, grant fuch warrant for apprehending and bringing them before the judge who is to take the examination as afore faid ; and if any of thefe persons fhall happen 10 be indilpofed, or otherwife unable to attend at that time in the place appointed for examination, the court of feftion, or the fheriff may give thd neceftary directions for examining them elfewhere, and it (hall be competent for the truftee to apply at any time for re-examining them, upon due advertifement given in manner aforefaid ; and the court of feftion fhall likewife, in cafe it be neceftary, grant a perfonal protection to the bankrupt, at the application of the truftee, for fuch time as may be requifite for enabling him to attend the diets of examination, or may grant warrant to meflen-gers at arms, or other officers of the lav/, to bring his perfoa out of prifon in order to attend fuch meetings, and thereafter to carry him back to prifon.

XXVII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That at the faid examinations the bankrupt fhall be allowed to make fuch additions to or alterations upon the ftate of his affairs exhibited at the meeting when the truftee was chofen, as have occurred to him fince the faid meeting, and are neceftary to be let forth to give a perfect view of his affairs,, and the faid additions and alterations fhall alfo be engrofted in the book of federunt, with the whole examinations of the bankrupt, and fubfcribed by the judge examinator and by the bankrupt, and likewife by the truftee ; and at the laft of the two diets appointed for his examination, the bankrupt fhall take and fubfcribe the following oath :

Bankrupt's oh tii.

J T)o, hi the prefence of Almighty God\ and as I fhall anfuoer to God at the great day oj judgement, folemnly fwear, That the Jlate of my affairs, engrofed in this book, contains a full and true account of all the debts of whatever nature due to me, and of all my ejlate and ejjctis, heritable and moveable, real or perfonal (the neccffary zvear mg apparel of myfelf my wife, andfamily excepted), as well as of all claims which I am entitled to make againf any person or per-

Jons

 

1793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.	325

Jons whatfoeyer,	^ all ejlate in expedlancy, or means of what-

ever kind, which I have an eventual right to by contract of marriage, deed of entail’	otherwife,	to the bef of my knowledge ; and

that the faidfate likewije contains a full and true account of all debts due by me, or demands upon me, jo far as I know or can remember ; dW that I have delivered up the whole books, documents, accounts? and papers of every kind belonging to me, which in any way relate to my affairs,	which were in my poffeffion or under my power, and

have made a full difclojure of every particular relating to my affairs ; andfurther Ifwear, that 1 fall forthwith reveal all and every other circunffance or particular relative to my affairs, or which may tend to increaje or diminijh my efate, or in which my creditors may be inter effed dire61 ly or indirectly, which may at any tune hereafter come to ?ny knowledge,o

So help me GOD.

And if the person thus called upon is a copartner with others, and examined refpecfting the partnerfhip affairs, the words of the faid oath fhall only be varied by the judge as to make it applicable to the cafe 5 which oath being annexed to the proceedings in the book of federunt, fhall alfo be fubferibed by the fheriff depute or fubftitute; and if the bankrupt be one of the people called Quakers, it fhall be fufficient to take his folemn affirmation upon the matters contained in the fa:d oath, and likewife in all other cafes where an oath is required by this ftatute ; and all persons convicted of taking the above oath or affirmation falfely lb all be held as guilty of perjury, and of fraudulent bankruptcy, and punifhed accordingly, and for ever rendered incapable of 'holding any office of publick truft or emolument; declaring alfo that if the bankrupt (hall wilfully fail to exhibit a 'fair ftate'of his affairs, or to make oath in the terms above fpecified, or to make a complete furrender, he fhall be conlidered as a fraudulent bankrupt, and punifhed accordingly, and rendered ever after incapable of holding any office of publick truft or emolument, and in either cafe fhall forfeit every benefit or privilege arifing from this prefent aeft, and be accounted infamous and incapable of giving evidence in any court of juftice, or of fitting or abting on any affize or jury.

XXVIII. And beit enadded by the authority aforefaid. That the creditors aflembled upon the fir ft lawful day after the laft examination of the bankrupt fhall give directions to the truftee for the recovery and difpofal of the bankrupt’s eftate, and the truftee fhall be obliged to follow the directions and rules preferred by a majority in value of the creditors aflembled at this meeting, or at any after meeting called for the purpofe as after di-

Aformation of Quakers to be admitted.

Penalties on

fraudulent

bankrupts.

Meeting to

give directions about the recovery of the eftate.

redded, and at the faid meeting immediately after the laft examination, the majority in value of creditors prefent fhall alfo name any three of the creditors as commiflioners for the purpofe of au- < dicing the truftee’s accounts, fettling his commiffion, concurring with him in fubmiffions and compromifes, and giving their

Y j •	advice

and to choofe commiflioq-

Scqueftrated fund how to divided.

rupt after the firft deliver-ranee void.

Bona fide Iran factions laved.

326	Anno	regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III/c. 74. [1793.

advice and afriftance to him in any other matters, as herein-after mentioned, fubjedt always to the controul of general meetings.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the whole eftate and effects, of whatever kind, belonging to the bankrupt at the period of the fequeftration, or the produce thereof, after paying all charges, {ball be a fund of divifion among thofe who were his creditors prior to the date of the firft deliverance aforefaid, and none elfe, regard being had to preferences obtained by fecurities, or by diligence, before the fuid de-liverence, and not exprefsiy fet alide by this a£1, but to no other Payments,kc. claims °f preference; and all payments made by the debtor to of the bank- any of his creditors after the date aforefaid fball be void and incite £tu a 1 to the receivers in the event of a fequefteration taking place, and the truftee fball be entitled to recover the money fo paid as part of the bankrupt’s eftate ; and all tranfadtions of the bankrupt fuhfequent to the faid date, from which any prejudice may arife to the creditors, ihall be null and void ; declaring always, that nothing herein contained {hall oblige a bona fide pur-chafer of aily part of the moveable effects from the bankrupt, while in actual poffefiion, and for a price truly paid, to reftore the efreed:s fo purchafed, nor the debtor of a bankrupt who has paid his debt to him, bona fide, before he knew of the bankruptcy, to pay it a fccond time to the trufree.

Eftatesdevolv- XXX. And be it enadied by the authority aforefaid, That if jug; on the pofrerior to the fequeftration any efrate or effects fhall devolve bankrupt after upon the bankrupt, either in the way of fuccefrion or otherwife, fequdiraaon.	obliged, immediately when fu ch event happens, to

make a full difeovery thereof to the trufree, arid fball at all times, when required by the trufree, declare upon oath before the judge ordinary, or any magifrrate or jufrice of peace, whether any fuch eftate or effects have come to or devolved upon him, ill order that the trufree may have an opportunity of taking fuch fteps as are neceffary or proper for the rntereft of his cooftitu-ents, and the trufree {hall likewife give notice thereof to the creditors, either at the next general meeting, or by advertifing a meeting for the purpofe.

Arreftmefits XXXL And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no ami privileges arreftment of the bankrupt’s effects ufed at any time within fixty of	^e^ore t^se ^ate ^ie ^rft deliverance on the petition for

tion void.*' fequeftration {hall give a preference to the arrefling creditor in the event of fequeftration taking place, but that in every fuch cafe the effects arrefted fhall be made forthcoming to the truftee * and in cafe they have been actually recovered by the arrefting creditor, the trufree {hall neverthelefs be entitled to demand and receive the fame from him as .part of the fund of divifion, in the fame way as if the arreftment had been ufed for the creditors at large; and in like manner no poinding of a debtor’s effects, not completely executed fixty days at leaft before fuch deliverance, fhall give any right or preference to the poinder in the event of fequeftradon taking place, but the poinder ihall be obliged to

■ -	.	deliver

 

1793O Anno regni tricesimo itertio Georgii III. c. 74.	327

deliver to the interim manager or truftee the goods poinded, if not fold or difpofed of, when he is required fo to do ; and in cafe they are then fold or difpofed of, he fhall pay or caufe to be paid to the truftee the whole nett price of the goods poinded and which fhall make part of the .fund to be diftributed among the creditors; provided always, that all arrcfters and poinders, who fhall be deprived of the benefit of their refpeclive diligences in confcquence of a fequeftration, fhall be entitled to demand or retain the expence bona fide laid out by them in profecuting fuch diligences, with ten pounds per centum more on the price or appraifed value, ‘as before diredted.

XXXII,	And be it enaePced by the authority aforefaid, That Truftee to

the truftee (hall proceed to recover and convert into money, in recovery^of the fpeedieft and moft. effectual manner, the whole eftate under the eftate; his management or power, whether at home or in foreign parts, and to call in order that the fame may be diftributed among the creditors, occalional and he fhall, if required at any time by one-fourth of the credi-	'

tors in value, who have produced and proved their claims, be

obliged to call a general meeting, or he himfelf may, on any emergency, call fuch meeting, Sufficient previous intimation of every occaiional meeting, and the purpofe of calling it, being always given by advertisement in the newlpaper before-mentioned a fortnight at leaft before the meeting ; and all refolutions of the creditors at their general meetings fhall be final and conclufive, unlefs objected to and complained of by a petition to the court of feffion within thirty days after the meeting.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That if any part of the fequeftrated ePcate ' confifts of land or Heritable pro -other heritable fubjecfts, it fhall be optional to a majority of ere- perty of ditors in value to determine, at the meeting aforefaid held after the laft examination of the bankrupt, or any other meeting ad- difpored. qf. vertifed for the purpofe, whether the truftee is-to bring the laid heritable eftate to judicial Sale before the court of feilion, or to difpofe thereof by voluntary publick fale ; and if the latter mode is adopted, the fale made after fuch advertifement, and at fuch upfet price, and upon fuch articles and conditions as fhall be fixed by the truftee, with the confent of a majority of the faid comrniflioners, fhall be valid and effectual, with and under the burden of all real Securities or other liens upon the eftate, in fo far as the fame are preferable to the difpofition or decree vefiirig the faid eftate in the truftee, but which burden fhall go no farther than to the extent of the price ; and the purchafer fhall have no concern .with the application of the price after fat if? fadfion of the preferable fecurities aforefaid ; and if a.majority of creditors in , value determine for a judicial fale, the truftee fhall be obliged forthwith to proceed in the fame, and fhall be entitled to carry it on as to a part of the eftate, without including the whole, and without any other proof of bankruptcy than the adl of fequeftration, and it fhall be enough to call the

Y 4	bankrupt

3*3

Anno regfci tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793?

bankrupt himfelf, and his real creditors in poffefTon upon a citation of fifteen days, whether they are within the kingdom or not, and the edidlal citations {hall be difpenfed with : provided always, that nothing in this a cl contained (hall bar the right which any real creditor may have by the law, as it {lands at prefent, to bring his debtor’s eftate to a judicial fale at his own inftance, unlefs fuch fale has been previoufly brought at the inftance of the truftee, or unlefs a majority of the creditors in value (hail have previoufly determined upon a voluntary fale • and in the event of the eftate being fold by judicial fale, the balance of the price, if there be any, after fatlsfying the preferable fecurities aforefaid, {hall be paid into the hands of the truftee, as a part of the fund of divifion to be made by him among the creditors in general, the purchafer being always entitled, upon making full payment of the price, whether the lands have been fold in the one way or in the other, to a difcharge from the truftee, which fhali have the effect completely to difincumber the fubjedt acquired ; and further, the creditors Hull be entitled to draw their {hares of the price, in virtue of the difpofition and adjudication before mentioned, without the neceffity of any other ad-tion^ompe^" -judication ; and no other adjudication led or made effectual after tent, after fe- ‘the date of the ftrft deliverance aforefaid, fhali have any efFecft queftration. in competition with the right of the creditors under the fe-queftration.

Monies reco- XXXIV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That vered by the truffee fhali be obliged to lodge all money he receives in fuch truftee, to be bank, or with fuch banking company, as four-fifths of the cre-barik^teCl *n ditors in number and value at any general meeting fhali appoint, and failing fuch appointment, in the royal bank, or bank of Scotland, at fuch intereft as can he procured for the fame, and never to retain in his own hands above the fum of fifty pounds fterling for the fpace of ten days, otherwise to be liable to the creditors for feven and a half per centum per annum, on whatever exceeds the fum of fifty pounds fterling, in the name of intereft and damages.

Truftee to	XXXV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

mark and re- the truftee {hall mark the claims of the feveral creditors, and ^debt pro8 tie*r vouchers, or grounds of debt, with ‘the oaths of verity, ducedtohim, and make a minute or entry thereof, and of the date of proland to keep duflion, in the book of federunt, but he fhali return the vouch-regular ac- ers or grounds of debt, if defired, to the claimant, or his agent, counts.	gnd he {hall be obliged to keep a regular book of accounts with

the bankrupt’s eftate, and to make the fame patent at all times to any of the creditors or their agents, or to any of the commiftio'n-ers, who defire'to fee the fame 5 and within ten days after the expiration of ten calendar months from the date of the fir ft deliverance on the petition for fequeftration, the commiflioners, or a majority of them, {hall audits the truftee’s accounts, and by a minute under their hands, in the book of federunt, {hall ascertain the fum to be allowed the truftee in name of commiffion, and like wife the nett proceeds of the eftate recovered, at the expiration

 

1^93*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.	329

pi ration of the faid ten months, which, after making a reafonable Firft dividend,, deduction for contingent expences, fhall be confidered as belonging to the creditors who have produced their claims, and grounds of debt, and oaths of verity, prior to the date of faid minute ; and the truftee fhall be obliged, within the fpace of one calendar month after the expiration of the faid ten months, to make up a {fate of the debts entitled as before to a fhare of the faid fir it dividend, calculating intereft on each up to the date of the firft deliverance on the petition for fequeffration, with a fcheme or cafe apportioning the fund of divifion among them, with the deduction already mentioned, according to their due order of ranking; and the truflee fhall alfo, at the fame time, make up a ftate of the funds belonging to the bankrupt ftill unrecovered, and of the money remaining in bank, after deduction of the furn fo to be divided, which fcheme and {fate fhall lie open for the infpedlion of the creditors, or their agents in the tru[fee’s hands, for the fpace of one month longer, at the ufual place where the truffee’s buhnefs is carried on; and on the firft lawful day after the expiration of one complete year from the date of the firft deliverance on the petition for fequeffration, the dividend fhall be paid, and the truftee fhall give one month’s ^e^.a^ver* previous notice thereof, by advertifement in the newfpaper afore- * faid, which advertifement fhall alfo bear, that the ftate and fcheme lie in his hands for the infpedfion of the creditors; and in cafe any of the debts claimed upon fhall be objected to in if objections whole or in part, or their place in the ranking difputed, or any raacic* other objection fhall be made to the fcheme, as drawn out by the truftee, a fhare of the laid fund, correfponding to the utmoft amount of the fums or dividends to which the difputed articles may be entitled, and to any contingent expences which the truftee, with confent of a majority of the commiflioners named by the creditors as aforefaid, may think reafonable, fhall be left in the bank or banking houfe where the monies were de- Deportation pofited as aforefaid, till all fuch queftions are determined, either to he made in by arbitration or compromife, or by the court of fefiion ; and hank, the faid court is hereby authorised and required to determine the	to	de-

fame fummarily, upon the application of the truftee, or of any termine all other party interested ; and when any fuch application is made, queftions rela-it fhall be competent for any creditor to produce his intereft, and tive to objected to have his debt proved and conftituted, if necefiary, without claims> raifing a feparate ablion for the purpofe; and if, in the event of fuch queftion, the faid fum, or any part of it, fhall remain unapplied to the debt or debts for which it was claimed, the fame fhall go into the fund for any fubfequent diftribution, and the Shares not iliares of creditors not called for at the time of diftribution, fhall called for to be again be depofited as before, on their rifk, at fuch intereft as can depofited. be got for the fame.

XXXVI. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Second divi-wit’nin ten days after the expiration of lixteen calendar months ilOI1> from the date of the firft deliverance on the petition for fequef-

a	tration.

 

330	Anno	regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793-

tration, the com mi {{loners, or the majority of them, (hall in like manner audite the truftee’s accounts with the bankrupt’s eftate, and fettle the truftee’s commiiTion; and the truftee fhall, within one calendar month after the faid fixteen months, make up another fcheme of divifion of the fums recovered among the creditors who (hail then have produced their interefts and oaths of verity as before, with new {fates of the bankrupt’s outftand-ing funds, and of the fum remaining in the bank, if any be, , which (hall in like manner remain open for infpe&ion during one month longer, at the expiration whereof, or on the fir ft lawful day thereafter, the dividend ftiall be paid, after the like previous advertifement, being exadfly at the diftance of eighteen calendar months from the date of the .firft deliverance aforefaid ; and if any of the debts are objected to, the procedure above-mentioned fhall be followed out, and the like procedure (hall be followed out at fimilar intervals of time thereafter, to the erfedl that a dividend may he made at the end of every fix months, until the whole funds of the bankrupt are collected and diftributed among his creditors : providing always, that after the fecond dividend is made, a majority of the creditors in value, at any general meeting called for the purpofe in manner before fpecified, may determine that future dividends fhall be made after a fhorter interval, and the affairs of the truft brought to a more fpeedy clofe; and even before the period aftigned for the firft dividend as aforefaid, it fhall be competent to four-fifths of the creditors in number and value prefent at the meeting after the laft diet of the bankrupt’s examination, or at any after meeting called for the purpofe, to direct the truftee to apply for the authority of the court of feffion to make the firft dividend at an earlier period than the end of the firft year, but not earlier than fix months from the date of the firft deliverance aforefaid, if upon caufe fhevvn it fhall be found expedient fo to do, and alfo to accelerate' the time for making the fecond and other dividends ; and in cafe there be any failure to make fuch dividends in the manner hereby directed, it fnall be competent for any one creditor, either to apply by petition to the court of feftion to have the truftee removed, or to require him to call a general meeting of the cre-Nofhare of ditors to deliberate what courfe (hall be taken ; and no creditor dividend to be fha}} draw any {hare of the different diftributions, unlefs his ground^cf	grounds .of' debt, and oath on the verity thereof, fhall have been

debt pro- lodged with the truftee previous to the refpediive times before duccu, &c. mentioned when the dividends are afeertained by the commifii-oners, but he fhall be entitled in the next diftribution which happens after the grounds of debt are fo produced and proved, to draw out of the firft of the remaining fund in the truftee’s hands a fum equal to the former dividend or dividends on his debt, with deduction-of five per centum on the faid dividends, r	which is to be retained by the truftee for the common behoof,

to ^omhui^as on account t’’ie creditor’s delay ; and in making up the laid before.*" ~* fchemes of divifion, all debts claimed on which are entitled to a

prhtrence

Hosted by



?793*1 Anna regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74.	331

preference by the law of Scotland, not altered by-this aft, (hall be preferred accordingly.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, That in all queftions upon this ac% persons to whom the Debts claimed debtor is under obligation to pay money at a certain future time, on before the {ball be accounted creditors de prefenti for the amount of the mo- mcnt °

ney, difcounting the intereft to the term of payment fpecified in the obligation, and may prove their debts in.the lame way as other creditors, and (hall be entitled to their rateable, dividends accordingly.

XXXVIII.	And be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That where a claim is entered by a creditor upon any obliga- Contingent tion, the exiftence or amount of which depends upon a contin- debts, gericy which is ftill unafcertained at the period of lodging the claim, the truftee (hall rank the claimant as if the condition were purified, but the dividend or fum which the claimant would be entitled in that cafe to draw, fhall again be depofited in the bank or banking houfe appointed by the creditors as before, or lent out on heritable fecurity by the truftee at the fight of the claimant, at fuch rate of intereft as can be got for the fame, and the intereft thereupon arifing fhall belong to the creditors, and be included in the fund for their dividends, until the contingency upon which the obligation depends fhall be declared, when the dividend fo depofited fhall belong to the claimant, or the other creditors, according to the terms of the obligation ; but fuch contingent claims fhall not be fufficient to authorife a petition for (equeftration, unlefs in fofar as the.amount of them is clearly afcertained, and the condition purified, before prefent-ing the petition.

XXXIX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Securities on

in cafe any of the creditors fhall hold any preferable fecurity or bankrupt

lieu for payment of his debt, obtained prior to the date of the firft eftates

■j v	)	n*	j /*	/■» j 1 dec] ucteQ 11 om

deliverance on the petition for fequeftration, and not fet aiide by t-ne amount of

this'acft, upon any part of the bankrupt’s eftate or effe&s, the the claim, amount or value of fuch fecurity or lien fhall be deducted from his debt, and he (hail be only ranked and draw a dividend for the balance after fuch deduction ; and if any difpute fhall arife about the value of fuch fecurity or lien, or the amount of what it will yield in extinction of the debt, the truftee, with confent of a majority of the commiffioners, fhall put a value upon, and the claimant fhall have an option, either to deduCt the value thus fixed from the amount of his claim, referving the full effect: of his fecurity, or to draw the laid value, in the firft place, out of the fums to be divided, and to draw his juft fhare of the remainder of the divifible funds correfponding to the balance of his claim, in which laft cafe he fhall be obliged to .convey the fecurity or lien to the truftee for behoof of the whole creditors, fuch preferable claimant being in no event entitled to more than his full payment.

XL. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any creditor fhall, after the firft deliverance on the petition L ■'	for

 

for fcqueftration, obtain any legal or voluntary preference or payment on or out of any eftate or fubjedf belonging to the bankrupt, diredlly or indirectly fituated without the jurifdi&ion of the court, he fhall be obliged to communicate and aflign the fame to the truftee for behoof of the creditors, before he can draw any dividend out of the funds in the hands of the truftee, and he fhall in all events be liable to an action before the court of feftion at the infcance of the truftee, to communicate the faid fecurity or payment in fo far as the jurifdiction of the court can reach him.

Produdion of XLI. And be it enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That the grounds of making production of the ground of debt, or certified account, debt to inter- with the oath of verity aforefaid, in the hands of the interim tion preicr^~ factor, (beriff clerk, or truftee, or in the court of feffion, {hall have the fame effedf as to interrupting prefeription of every kind, from the period of fuch production, as if a proper adlion had been raifed on the faid grounds of debt againft the bankrupt, and againft the truftee.

Oathofverity. XLII. And be it enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That in , every fuch oath the creditor deponing fhall fpecify every fecurity he holds for his debt, whether on the eftate of the debtor or other obligants, and {ball fwear that he holds no other fecurity than is mentioned in his oath, otherwife his oath {hall not be received by the truftee as fuffreient, nor his claim be fuftained : and the oaths of verity upon debts required by this adf may be taken before any judge ordinary or juftice of the peace ; and where any creditor is out of the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or is under age, or incapable to give an oath, in all fuch cafes an oath of credulity by the agent, fadfor, guardian, or other manager, taken in the fame manner, {hall be fufficient, but which oaths, either by the party himfelf, or any other person adting for him, {hall not fupercede the neceftity of bringing legal evidence of the debt, if the fame is objedted to as unliquidated, or where evidence appears to be neceffary in the circumftances of the cafe ; and further declaring, that no fee fhall be paid by any creditor to the clerk of court, or any person whatfoever, for an oath of verity or credulity as to the debt claimed being due, for produdfion of the intereft or grounds of debt of any creditor, unlefs the debt claimed on exceeds the fum of ten pounds

Penalty of fall's fwearing*

1 awful money of Great Britain.

XLlil. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any creditor fhall be guilty of faife fwearing in any oath to be emitted in purfuance of this adt, he fhall be liable to a profecution at the inftance of the truftee, or any of the creditors, and his Majefty’s advocate, for perjury, and fhall alfo forfeit to the truftee, for behoof of the creditors, the whole dividends on his debt.

XLIV. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, qphat the truftee may, on behalf of the creditors at large, with confent of a majority of the ccmmiflioners named as aforefaid, orcompromi- colT)pound and tranfadf, either by fubmiftion or by private com-f£S*	promife.

Truftee may enter into iubmiffions

. Hosted by CjOO^lC

i79] Anno regni tricesimo t'ertio GEORGIt III. c. 74.

promife, all doubtful claims which the bankrupt may have againft others, or all debts due to the eftate, out of other bankrupt fub-jefts, and likewife all doubtful claims or demands made againft the eftate or queftions of ranking and preference, and all contingent debts and annuities due to or by the eftate, the value of which it may be expedient to fettle in that manner, in order that a final diftribution may fooner take place.

XLV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if, After a year at the expiration of one year and an half from the date of the fe- an^Jia^>-queftration, any of the perfonal effedls of the bankrupt, or any ^ ^ts debts, whether heritable or moveable, due to him, remain ftill may be fold unrecovered, it {hall be in the power of four-fifths of the creditors by audionw in number and value, convened at any general meeting called for the purpofe, after one advertifement two weeks previous to the meeting, in the newfpaper before mentioned, to diredf that fuch remaining debts and effects, and alfo any contingent or future intereft which the creditors at large may have in dividends depo-fited in bank, or lent out as aforefaid, be fold off by publick auction upon three months previous notice publifhed in the newfpaper before mentioned, the fale either to be in whole or in lots, as a majority in value of the creditors fball diredl.

XLVI. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the Surplus of furplus of the bankrupt’s eftate and efFedfs that may remain after eftate> after payment of his debts, computing intereft thereon as aforefaid, and the charges of recovering the eftate, and diftributing the paid to bank-fame, {hall be paid or made over to him, or to his aflignees or rupt. fuccefFors.

XL VII. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Bankrupt may at or after the firft general meeting of the creditors, and at any get a perfonal time before the period afiigned for the fecond dividend, it {hall limited be competent for the bankrupt, with concurrence of the interim time, manager or truftee, and of four-fifths of the creditors in number and value, who have produced their grounds of debt and oaths of verity as before, to apply to the court of feffion for a perfonal protection from diligence for fuch time as the court fhall think reafonabley and the fame, being once obtained, (hall be renewed within the fame period, if applied for in name of the bankrupt, with confent of the truftee alone, unlefs any of the creditors oppofe it, in which cafe the confent of four-fifths in number and value {hall be required as before: providing always, That from but not after and after the period afiigned for the fecond dividend, the power period of ad of granting perfonal protections under this ftatute {hall ceafe,	un“

unlefs upon caufe fhewn to the court, and oath made, both by caufe^fhewn, the bankrupt and by the truftee, that the delays which have hap- See. pened in making a final diftribution were unavoidable, and that every proper ftep has been taken, and will continue on their part, to be taken for winding up the affairs of the bankrupt, and bring the truft to a final clofe; and alfo providing, that after the period of the third dividend, or two years fubfequent to the firft deliverance aforefaid, the power of granting perfonal protections under this aft (hall entirely ceafe, without prejudice to

a final

 

33 4

Corn portion with creditors allowed under certain conditions.

All private and coll u five agreements illegal.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGH III. c. 74. [1793T

a final difcharge>, either iipon full payment or as herein-after dlredled.

XLVIII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe at the meeting held immediately after the fecond exami-. nation of the bankrupt, he or his friends fliall make a propofal of compofition to the creditors, and fhall offer caution to the fatif-faffion of nine tenths of them, both in number and value, aflem-bled at the faid meeting, for fuch compofition upon his whole debts as the faid nine tenths in number and value fo alfembled fhall think juft and realonable, the truftee.fhall appoint another meeting for the purpofe of deciding upon fuch offer, at the dif-tance of not lefs than three weeks-thereafter* and of which meeting he fhall give notice by advertifing the fame twice in the faid newfpaper a fortnight at leaft before the propofed meeting, fpeci-fying the time and place, and purpofe of the meeting, but in the mean time he fliall proceed in executing his duty as truftee in the fame way as if no fuch propofition had been made; and if at the meeting fo appointed it fhall be the opinion of nine tenths of the creditors there affembled both in number and value, that the offer fhould be accepted of, a report of the proceedings relative thereto fhall be forthwith made up by the truftee, and tranfmitted to the clerk of the fequeftration in the court of feffion, for the approbation of the court, and if the court, upon hearing any objections that may be Hated by oppofing creditors* fhall find the propofition reafonable, and that the fame has been affented to not ' only by nine tenths in number and value of the creditors who attended by themfelves or others authorifed by them at the meeting laft mentioned, but nine tenths of all the creditors who have produced grounds of debt or interefts, and oaths of verity, an act or order fliall be pronounced to that effect, and the bond of caution, which muft be previoufly lodged in the clerk's hands, fhall then be given up to the truftee for behoof of the creditors,-the whole expence attending the fequeftration being at the fame time paid or provided for, to the fatisfaction of the court, by the bankrupt or his friends, after which all proceedings in the fequeftration fliall ceafe, and the faid a61 or order fhall declare the truftee exonered, and the bankrupt difeharged, except as to payment of the compofition,

XLIX, And whereas it has too frequently happened that fequeff trations have been cbjtruoted, and much expence, litigation, and, delay occafwned by collufve and ineffectual plans of co?npofttion concerted between the bankrupt and particular creditors; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every propofal or agreement for a compofition with individual creditors, or to flop the proceedings in the fequeftration, other than as hereby expreflly authorifed and allowed, fliall be deemed illegal and void, and all persons concerned in them fhall be liable to be complained of to the court of feftion, at the inftance of any party having intereft, and made anfwerable for all confequences; and if it fhall be proved that any creditor has privately accepted of a gratuity, or higher compofition, for giving his concurrence to the meafures propofed on be-

 

335

1793-1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgji III. c. 74-

half of the bankrupt or his friends, he fhall forfeit his debt, and be liable in reftitution of what he has received, which fhall go into the general fund of divifion; and the bankrupt himfell {hall, if required, make oath that there has been no fuch private tranf-adtion or compromife between him and any of the creditors, and that he has ufed no undue influence with any of them to obtain their concurrence.

L. And be it hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Difcharge to in cafe no propofal of compofition is made at the time, and in the manner before fpecified, or in cafe the fame, when made, ae°ta-^	er

fnall become ineffectual, no other propofal of a fimiiar nature cations, fhall be attended to by the truftee, or be of any effect, unlels proof is made that the, fame has been aflented to by every creditor, without exception ; but after the period affigned for the fe-cond dividend, it fhall be lawful for the bankrupt, with concurrence of the trufiee, and four fifths of the creditors in number and value, to apply to the court of fefllon by petition, praying that he may be held as finally difcharged of all his debts contract-ed before the application for fequeftration, and this petition, being intimated upon the wall, and in the newfpaper before mentioned, the court fhall, at the diftance of not lefs than three calendar months thereafter, refume the confideration thereof, and if no objection is made, they fhall pronounce an a St or order in terms of the prayer of the petition, but if appearance is made by any of the creditors, objecting that the difcharge ought not to be granted on account of the bankrupt’s not having made a fair dif-covery and furrender of his eftate, or that he has refufed to grant a difpofition to the truflee, as ordered by the court, or has wilfully been abfent from the diets of examination, or has been guilty of any collufion, or that his bankruptcy did not ariie from innocent misfortunes, or Ioffes in bufinefs, but from culpable or undue conduct, the court fhall judge of thefe objections, and allow a proof of them, if thought neceffary, - and fhall either grant or . refufe the difcharge, or annex fuch conditions thereto as the nature and juftice of the cafe may require, the bankrupt always taking an oath before the court, or upon commiflion, when judgment is pronounced in his favour, and before the act can be extracted, that he has faithfully complied with all the requifites of the ftatute, and has ufed no undue influence, nor had recourfe ' to any fecret compromife with his creditors, or any of them, to obtain their concurrence; and if it (hall appear that there has been any fuch private tranfaction between the bankrupt and any of his creditors, the fame is hereby declared to be unlawful, and no action fhall lie upon any bill or other fecurity granted in con-fequence thereof.

LI. And ivhereas it may be reajonable that the bankrupt jhould have fome allowance out of the eflate for jimporting himfelf and his family, while the trujlee may have occafton for his affftance, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That four fifths of the credi- Allowance to tors in number and value, prefent at the meeting after the laft tiie bankrupt, diet of the bankrupt’s examination, or at any after meeting called

 

Creditors in number and value, how to be counted.

336 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Ge0r6ii III. c. 74, [I793.

ed for the purpofe, may authorife the truftee, with confent of the ' commiftioners, or any two of them, to allow and pay to fuch bankrupt conforming to the terms of this a£t, from time to time^ as they (hall think fit, fuch lum or fums of money, out ot the proceeds of his own eftate, as they {hall think proper, towards the fubfiftance and fupport of himfelf and family till the period afiigned for the fecond dividend, not exceeding two guineas per week from the date of the fequeftration to the period aforefaid, and fo as not to amount upon the whole to more than five pounds per centum of the nett produce of the eftate : provided always, That no fuch allowance fhall be given, if the bankrupt has not kept, or {hall not produce, fuch book or books as may enable the creditors and truftee to acquire a diftindf knowledge of his affairs.

LII. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes under this act, where the creditors are required to be counted in number, any creditor whofe debt is below twenty pounds fterling fhall not be reckoned in number, but the debt due to fuch creditor fhall be computed in value; and in the cafes before-mentioned of compounding with or difeharging the bankrupt, any debt due to a creditor who has a preferable fecurity or lien upon the bankrupt’s eftate or effects fhall not be counted in the value, but fhall be laid afide to the extent of what may be afeer-tained as the value, of fuch fecurity or lien, in the manner before directed, without prejudice to his being counted in number, if his whole debt be not extinguithed by fuch preferable fecurity or lien, or to his being counted alfo in value to the extent of the balance, and the fame rule (ball be followed in the cafe of part-nerfhip debts claiming upon the eftates of individual partners.

LIIT. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the federunt book before mentioned fhall contain a full record of ail minutes of meetings (which fhall be fubferibed by the prefes of fuch meetings in the fedu-runt book) {fates of accounts, and fchemes of divifion, and another duplicate-of thefe minutes, ftates* and fchemes fhall be fubferibed by the truftee, and, within fourteen days after the lapfe of one year from the date of the firft deliverance on the petition for fequeftration, fhall be tranfmitted to the clerk to the fequeftration, in the court of feffion, to lie among the records of the court, and within fourteen days after the end of every fucceeding half year, till the eftate is finally divided, a firnilar duplicate of the proceedings in the faid book for the half year preceding fhall be figned by the truftee, and tranfmitted to1 the clerk to the fequeftration, to lie among the records of the court; and extracts of thefe writings, figned by one of the principal clerks of fefiion, fhall bear evidence in all courts of juftice ; and the faid book of jcdcrunt, and the bankrupt’s books and papers, and the whole other papers in the truPcee’s hands, fhall at all times be made patent to any creditor who defires to lee the fame.

LIVh And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all applications under this aft, which are directed to be made to the

cotirt

Book of federunt to be kept, and copy lodged in the court of feffion.

Book of federunt, See. to be patent to the creditors.

Court to proceed in time of feffion,

 

on the bills in vacation.

1793.] Annofegni tricesimo tertio Georgti III. c. 74."	337

Court of fefiion, fhall either be made to the whole court, while it l°rd ordinary is fitting, or to the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacation, or during any recefs of the court, and the lord ordinary on the bills fhall have the full powers of the court in ordering and following out the different fteps of proceeding required by the while the court is not fitting.

LV. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any Court, See. to appeal fhall be taken againft any order or interlocutor t ( the court of fefiion, or againft any order of the lord ordinary upon the bills, Qf appeals, in the execution of this a£t, it fhall be lawful and competent to the faid court in time of fefiion, and the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacation,- or during any recefs, notwithstanding fuch appeal, to make fuch orders, and direct fetch proceedings, as fhall appear to be neccfiary for preventing the eftnte of the debtor from being embezzled, fecreted, damaged, or dilapidated, while the appeal is pendant, and every ffep may in the mean time be taken in the recovery of the bankrupt’s effate, and the distribution thereof, that is not repugnant or injurious to the intereft which the party appealing by the appeal in lifts upon.

LV1. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That when Other credi-any petition for fequeftration, under the authority of this a£i, is tors may con-prefented, it fhall be competent for any other creditor to concur cur* therein, and to follow forth the fame, even without the confent, or after the death of the creditor or creditors originally petition- Expence to ing, and the expence difburfed therein fhall be repaid by the the^funcT^ ° truftee out of the firfe money that comes into his hands ; and if if bankrupt the bankrupt fhall happen to die in the mean time, the proceed- dies, the fe-ings under this a<Pc (hall notwithftanding be carried on and fol- queftration to. lowed out to their conclu fion, as if he were in life.	proceed.

. LVII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That,it Court may fhall and maybe lawful for the court of fefiion to eftablifh fuch make further regulations as fhall appear to be moft proper for carrying this a6l regulations, into effectual execution, according to the true intent thereof, and to publifh the fame in any act or adts of federunt, which fhall be binding in fo far as is conliftent with this a£t\

LV III. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in Sheriff and all cafes under this aft, where any thing is directed to be done by ftewart fyno-the fheriff depute or fubftitute, or where any mention is made Gf nimous. the fheriff clerk, or the word county is ufed, it is hereby meant and intended that thefe terms fhall equally apply to the ftewart depute or fubftitute, or fee wart clerk of any ftewartry in Scotland.

LIX. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the Truftee interim manager, and like wife the truftee, fhall at all times be amenable to amenable to the court of fefiion, by fummary application to that the court* court, to account for his intromifiions and management, and anfwer for his conduct, at the inftance of any party interefted; and in cafe fuch application {hall appear to the court to be groundlefs, he fhall be entitled to his full cofts, to be either retained out of the fund?, or recovered from the party, as the court fhall diredl; and it fhall be competent at any time for one-fourth Power to re-of the creditors in value to apply fummarily to the court of fefiion raove Vol. XXXIX,	Z	for

338

°r accept of his refigna-tion.

New truflec may be named.

Truftee may be difcharged by the court.

A (ft to be liberally interpreted, and to extend to women.

No duty on eftates fold tinder this aft

Eftates fe-queftrated

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1793.

for having him removed, upon caufe (hewn; a majority of creditors in value, at any meeting to be advertifed for the purpofe, fhali likewife be entitled to remove or to accept of the refigna-tion of any truftee; and in either of thefe cafes, or in the event of the adting truftee’s death, the next truftee in fucceffion fliall be entitled to aft; and upon failure of the feveral truftees originally named, by death or otherwife, it fhali be competent to any two of tils creditors to apply to the court of feffion to caufe a meeting of the creditors to be held, upon due advertifement, for choofing a new truftee or truftees in fucceffion, and in any of thefe cafes the new afting truftee fhali immediately call to account his predeceflors in office, or their heirs and reprefentatives, and fhali be vefted with the fame powers, and fubjeft to the fame rules and regulations as any former afting truftee.

LX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That when a final divifion is made among the creditors in any fequeftration awarded under the authority of this aft, or of the aforefaid afts paHed in the. twenty-third and thirtieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or when a truftee or faftor named under the authority of this or of the laid former afts intends to refign. his office, it fhali be competent for him to apply by petition to the court of feffion, craving to be difcharged of the truft, and the court fhali appoint the petition to be advertifed in the newfpaper before-mentioned, and at the end of fourteen days from the date of the advertifement, if no valid objeftion is ftated, the court fhali grant the defire of the petition, but if any objeftion is ftated, the court fhali proceed to determine, the fame in a fum-mary manner.

LXI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft fhali be conftrued by all judges in the moft beneficial manner for promoting the ends hereby intended, and that the fame fhali be conftrued to comprehend unmarried women and widows coming within any of the defcriptions before-mentioned, and alfo married women carrying on trade or merchandize independent of their hufbands.

LXII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no rates or duties impofed by any ftatutes upon eftates or effects fold 1 by auftion fliall be exigible upon any eftates or effefts fold under the authority of this aft.

LXIII. And whereas feveralperfonal eftates of bankrupts, fequef-trated under the authority of an a St paffed In the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, Intituled, An aft for rendering the payment of the creditors of infolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the diligence of the law by arreft-ment and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to promiffory notes, and for limiting aftions upon bills and promif-fory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, have not yet been finally divided, and doubts have arlfen how the fa?ne ought to be divided, and the trufieefinally difcharged; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in all fuch cafes where the fequeftration was not renewed under the authority of the aforefaid

aft,.

 

*793*3 -Anno regni tncefimo tertio GfeoRGii Hi. c. 74.	339

abl, palled in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent under 12, Geo. MajePey, it (hall be competent to and incumbent upon the factor, ^^llv truftee or truftees, named under the authority of the forefaid abl, ed, and truf-palTed in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, tee difcharg-within fix months after the commencement of this act, to make ed. up a fcheme of divifion of the whole funds in his hands among the creditors, who, in terms of the laid abl palled in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, have right thereto, and ta prefent the laid fcheme, with a petition, to the court of feffion* craving that warrant may he given for dividing the faid funds in conformity to the faid fcheme, and for relieving him of his office,’ or continuing him, as the circumftances may require, and the court fhall appoint notice thereof to be given in the newfpaper before-mentioned ; and after the elapfe of a reafonable time from the date of fuch advertifement, the court fhall refume confederation of the petition, and proceed in a luminary manner in the divifion of the funds among the creditor having right thereto, and the exoneration of the lablor or truftee, or giving him'fuch further directions as may be neceflary; and in cafe no fuch fcheme and petition are prefented by the factor or truflee, it fhall never-thelefs be competent for the common debtor, or for any of the creditors,- to make a fummary application to the court for calling the fablor, or truflee or truflees, to account, and for winding up the affairs of the truff in fuch a manner as fhall appear to the court to be mo ft proper and effe&ual in the circumltances of the cafe; and failing any fuch application to the court, within fix months after the commencement of this abl, it fhall be held and confidered that the fequeftration or truff created under the faid abl of the twelfth of his Majefty, and not renewed under the abt of the twenty-third, is entirely at an end; and if there be ftill any1 part of the eftate or effects falling under fuch fequeftration or truff remaining undivided, the fame fhall be open to the legal diligence of any creditor of the bankrupt, prior or pofterior.

LXIV. And be it further enabled by the authority nforefaid,

That bankrupts who have obtained their difeharge from their Bankrupts creditors prior to this ad, and under and by virtue of the abt difeharged palled in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, ihall be entitled to the fame benefits and advantages as they would mtitled to the have been entitled to if fuch difeharge had been granted under fame benefits this abl, and their future effebls fhall be no otherwife liable than as if difeharg-they would have been had fuch difeharge been granted under and ^under by authority of the fame.

LXV. Amd be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That this Continuance abl fhall continue and be in force for fi.ve years from and after the a^* commencement thereof, and to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

z 2	C	A	Pc

34° Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1793.

CAP. LXXV.

An aFl to explain, amend, and render more effectual) an aFl pa fed in the eleventh year of bis prefent Majejlfs reign, intituled, An ad for confolidating, extending, and rendering more effedual, the powers granted by feveral ads of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleanfing the vaults, drains, and fewers, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, and preventing and removing obftrudions and annoyances within the fame. — [June

3> V93-]

Preamble. ll/HE REAS by an aft of parliament, made and paffed in the V V eleventh year of the reign of his prejent Adajejiy, intituled, 11 Geo. 3. c. An adc for confolidating, extending, and rendering more effects* recited, tual, the powers granted by leveral ads of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleanfing the vaults, drains, and fewers, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, gUeys, paflages, and places, and preventing and removing obftrudions and annoyances within the fame, the foie power of ordering, defigning, making, enlarging, widening, deepening, raifing, altering, removing, repairing, cleanfing, and powering of all common feivers, drains and vaults, and of paving, cleanfing, and lighting the feveral flreets, lams, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, pajfages, and places, within the fid city 0/'London, and the liberties thereof, were vefted in the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the faid city, to be executed by jack perjons as by the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the f id city, in common council afjembled, Jhould from time to time be nominated, and under the common feal of the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, be appointed for that purpofe, which faid perjons, fo from time to time to be nominated and appointed, together with the recorder and common Jerjeant of the faid city for the tune being, were thereby conjlituted ccmmiffioners for carrying the faid recited act into execution; and certain powers and authorities were vefed in the faid commiff.oners, thereby directed to be and thereby appointed: and whereas the powers granted by the faid recited a Ft have been found of great publick utility; but the good purpofes thereby intended cannot be effectually anfwered, unlefs the Jaid act is explained and amended, and other powers granted: and whereas by the jaid recited a FI every cormniffioner to be appointed in purjuance thereof is to have notice to attend at every publick ?neeting of the faid commidfioners, by fummons from the clerk to the faid commiffoners for the time being, but many of the fid commifion-ers have not, and others may not have any place of refidence within the faid city, or the liberties thereof, and others live, or ?nay hereafter live, at too great a cliff ance for fitchfummons to be ferved upon them, without great inconvenience and difficulty: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-

fent

 

1793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeorGII III. c. 75,	34.1

fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That, from and after the palling of this aft, every fuch corn- Commifiion-miffioner, fo refiding at any place not within the faid city or ers not re-^ liberties, (hall from time to time leave notice with the principal clerk to the faid commiffioners, at his office in guildhall, of fume liberties, to certain place, within the faid city or liberties, where fuch fum- leave with the mons may from time to time be left for fuch commiffioner, at principal which place it is hereby required fuch fummons lhall be left, and ^efJmaen^ccee not elfewhere, and the leaving of fuch fummons lhall be and is within the hereby deemed and declared to be a good and fufficient fummons, fame where any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary thereof in any- the fummons wife notwithllanding.	ma^ lcit*

II.	And be it further enafted, That no person or persons fhall. For prevent -without licence or authority from the faid commiffioners, alter or ing altera bon 3 caufe to be altered the form of the pavement, or any part thereof, {fleets? ° of any of the faid llreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys,

paffiages, or places, which, under and by virtue of the faid recited aft: and this prefent aft, are or lhall be under the management of the faid commiffioners, or in any way incroach thereupon, or break up the pavement of the foot or carriage ways of anv of the faid llreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paf-fages, or places, without leave of the faid commiffioners, except for the purpofe of taking up, laying down, or repairing any water pipe or water pipes under the fame, upon pain that every person fo offending lhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, over and above the expence of relaying and reinffa-ting the fame, according to the orders and directions of the faid commiffioners in that behalf (and which orders and direftions they are hereby fully authorifed to give), the faid penalty, forfeiture, and expences to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeft-	>

minjler, or within the city of London, in the name of the principal clerk to the faid commiffioners for the time being, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the com million of fuch offence; in which aftion or fuit no proteftion, privilege, effoin, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, lhall be allowed.

III.	And be it further enafted, That no person or persons lhall For preyent-without licence or authority from the faid commiffioners, fix or ^fin^and place, or caufe to be fixed or placed, any bar or bars, chain or othVobftruc-chains, poll or polls, or other permanent obftruftion, acrofs or in tions being any of the faid llreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, placed acrofa or places, which by virtue of the faid recited aft: are or lhall be un- tJle

der the management of the faid commiffioners, fo as in any wife to prevent, obllruft, llraiten, or render lefs convenient the palling and repairing of carriages, horfes, or foot paflengers, upon pain that every person fo offending lhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, over and above the expence of taking down and removing fuch bar or bars, chain cr chains, poll or polls, or other obllruftion, according to the di-

Z 3	reftion

Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGH III. c. 75. [1793*

redlion of the faid commiffioners in that behalf, who are hereby fully authorifed to order and caufe the fame to be taken down and removed forthwith, by the person or persons fo offending, or by fuch other person or persons as they the faid commiffioners (hall authorife and diredf ; the laft-mentioned forfeiture and expences to be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJtminJicr, or within the city of London, in the name of the principal clerk for the time being to the faid commiffioners, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the committing of fuch offence; in which adfion or fuit no protection, privilege, effoin, or wager of law, rior more than one imparlance, {hall be allowed, for prevent- IV. And be it further enacfed, That if any person or perfons, ing aihes, &c. other than the person or persons contracting with the laid com-t^en fro in	tniffioners for cleanfing the faid city or liberties, or any part or

any houfe,	parts thereof, or thofe employed under fuch contractor or con-

,S:c. by any	tractors, {hall, on any account or pretence whatever, go about

perfon but the for t}->e purpofe of collecting or gathering, or (hall colled! or ga-clelnfing1 101 t1ner> or	f°r5 receive or carry away, any duff, dirt, cin-

b ders, or afhes, from any houfe, outhoufe, fhop, or warehoufe, or other premifes in or out of or from any of the ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, or places under the management of the faid commiffioners, it fhall and may be lawful for any person or persons who (hall fee fuch offence committed to feize, and alfo for any other person or persons to affift in feizing the offender or offenders, together with the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, cart or carts, wheelbarrow or wheelbarrows, or other carriage or carriages, or other implement or implements, made ufe of for carrying away the fame, and he, fhe, and they is and are hereby required fo to do, and by the authority of this adf, and without any other warrant, to convey and deliver fuch offender or offenders into the cuffody of a peace officer, in order tobefecured and conveyed before fome juftice of the peace for the faid city, and fuch juftice {hall and is hereby authorifed and required to examine upon oath (or if he, fhe, or they (hall be a quaker or quakers, then upon his, her, or their folemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter) the person or persons apprehending fuch offender or offenders, and any witnefs or witneiles who {hall appear to give information touching fuch offence, and if the party or parties {hall be convidied of any fuch offence, he, (lie, or they fhaff for every fuch offence forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding forty {hillings, nor lef's than twenty {hillings, and one moiety of every fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall be paid to the person or persons who fhall-apprehend, feize, and take the offender or offenders, or fuch horfe or horfes, beaff or beafts, and other thing or things as aforefaid, and the other moiety into the chamber of the faid city, and applied to the pur-poles of the faid recited or this a<51 • and if fuch offender or offenders fhall not immediately on convjdfion pay the faid forfeiture, fuch juftice is hereby required to diredf fuch horfe or horfes, qr other beaff or beafts, cart or carts5 wheelbarrow or wheel-

barrows5

 

34 3

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

barrows, or other carriage or carriages, or implement or implements, which fhall have been fo feized (and which the person or persons feizing or affifting in feizing, fhall and may, and is and	*

are hereby required to drive, remove, and take, or caufe the fame to be driven, - removed, and taken to the green yard of the faid city), to be apprai'fed and fold, and after deducing out of the monies to arife by fuch fale the forfeiture incurred, together with the charges and expences attending the removing, detaining, keeping, and maintaining the fame, and after fuch appraife-ment and fale, the overplus thereof fhall be returned, upon de*-mand, to the party or parties whofe horle or horfes, beaft or beafts, or fuch other thing or things as aforefaid, fhall be ap-praifed and fold; and in cafe there fhall have been no fuch feizure as aforefaid, or if the horfe or horfes, bead or beads, or fuch other thing or things as aforefaid, which (hall be fo appraifed and fold,

(ball not produce a fufficient fum of money to pay the faid penalty or forfeiture, charges and expences, then, if fuch offender or offenders fhall not immediately upon conviCfion pay the whole of the faid penalty or forfeiture, or fo much of the faid forfeiture, charges, and expences, which fhall remain over and above the produce of the fale of the horfe or horfes, bead or beads, thing or things fold, after deducing the cods and charges of fuch ap-praifement and fale, then fuch judice may and is hereby autho-rifed and required to commit fuch offender or offenders to one of the compters, or to the bridewell of the faid city, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, to be computed from the day of commitment, unlefs fuch penalty or forfeiture, charges and expences, be fooner paid and Satisfied.

V.	Provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this aft contained Owners of fhall extend to prevent or hinder the owner or owners of fuch dull:, &c. may

the fame for

remove it for

duft, dirt, cinders, or aflies, from carrying away UK	their own ufe.

his, her, or their own ufe, to be applied to any manufacture of fuch owner or owners, or to the manuring of any ground occupied by him, her, or them, but not for fale.

VI. And be it further enaded, That if the person or persons If the person who fhall fo go about for the purpofe of collecting or gathering, taking away ^ or fhall colleCt or gather, or fhall afk for, receive, or .carry away not^e appre-any fuch duff, dirt, cinders, or afhes, contrary to the direction hended, the of this a Cl, cannot be apprehended, then and in every fuch cafe owner ofthe the owner or owners of the horfe or horfes, or other beaft: or beafts, cart or carts, wheelbarrow or wheelbarrows, or other pe^aity* carriage or carriages, or implement or implements, ufed or employed in carrying away the fame, fhall be fubjeCt to the like per nalty or forfeiture, and which penalty or forfeiture fhall be recovered and levied by fuch diftrefs and fale, and divided and difpofe<| of in fuch and the like manner as laft mentioned and direCted ^ and if the monies to arife by fuch diftrefs and fale fhall not be fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy fuch penalty or forfeiture, charges and expences, or if no fuch diftrefs can be made, fuch julbice is hereby authorifed and required to commit him, her, or them, to

Z 4	one

344

I m powering the collectors to dif-train, in cafe of non-payment of rates

For affeffing hoUfes let or in lodgings.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1793.

one of the compters, or to the bridewell of the {aid city, for any time not exceeding two calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, unlefs fuch penalty or forfeiture fliall be fooner paid.

VII.	And be it further enabled and declared, That if any person or per Tons who fliall be rated or airelTed by virtue pr in pur-fuance of this a6l, or the faid recited a£l, or any person or persons liable to pay any rate or rates, afleflrnent or affefl'rncnts, rr>ade by virtue or in purfuance thereof, fhall by the fpace of feven days next after his, her, or their refpedtive rate or rates, afieffment or afleflments, fliall be due and demanded by the collector or collectors authoriled and appointed to collect and receive the fame (fuch demand being either personally made oil'the refpeClive person or persons fo charged with or liable to pay the fame, or left in writing at his, her, or their refpeCtive houie or houfes, place or places of abode) fliall refute or neglect to pay the faid rate or afleflrnent, rates or afleflments, then and in every fuch cafe ft fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch colleCfor or collectors, every or any or either of them, having a warrant or warranty under the hands and feals of any three or more of the faid com-miflioners (which warrant or warrants the faid collector and collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the faid com-miflioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifed and required to grant), and with the afliftance of a conftable, or other peace oflicer of the ward, county, city, or liberty where the person or persons fo refilling or negleCting fliall refide, to enter his, her, or their houfe or houfes, apartment or apartments, and then and there to feize and diflrain his, her, or their goods and chattels, and if the fame fliall not be replevied, or fuch rate or afleflrnent paid, within five days next after fuch diflrefs made, together with the colls and charges thereof, then to appraife and fell fo much and fuch part of the faid goods and chattels as fliall be fufficient to pay the faid rate or afleiiinent, with the colls and charges attending fuch diilrels and fale, returning the overplus (if any) on demand, to the owner or owners of fuch goods and chattels, the faid cofls and charges to be fettled and allowed by the faid commiflioners, or any three or more cf them.

VIII.	And whereas many houfes in fever al of the wards of the faid city are hy the feveral landlords or ovjners thereof let out in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, hy which means ihe payment of the Jaid rates for fuch houfes, tenements, and buildings may be evaded : for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, 1 hat, from and after the palling of this aCl, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each refpeCtive ward within the faid city, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the faid ward, at the times the faid commiflioners lhall direCl, to rate and afltfs in every fuch rate or afleflrnent either the owners or occupiers of fuch houfes or tenements refpectively as for the preceding year were adlually let or aflefied towards the land tax, at a lefs rent than fix pounds per annum, or occupied by two or more tenants, or any fuch occupier or occupiers, where-any fuch houfe

 

345

j 793*1 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75.

or tenement is occupied by more than one, which rates or affeff-ments fhall be paid by the refpedtive occupiers of fuch houfes or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof refpedlively, or fome or one of them ; and the occupier or occupiers of whom the fame fhall be demanded is and are hereby authorifed and required to pay fuch fum and fums of money as fhall be fo rated or affeffed, fo as fuch rates or affeffments do not exceed the rent due and payable by him, her, or them, and to dedudl the fame out of his, her, or their rent or refpeftive rents ; and the landlord and landlords, or owner or owners of fuch houfes or tenements, is and are hereby required, from time to time, to allow fuch deductions and payments, upon the receipt of the refidue of his, her, or their rent or rents, and every fuch occupier paying fuch affeffment or afleffments fhall be acquitted and difcharged for fo much of his or her refpedfive rents as the faid affeffment or affeffments fo paid by him, her, or them refpedtively fhall amount unto, in like manner as if the fame had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom fuch rent or rents fhall be due and payable; and in default of payment of the faid rate or rates, affeffment or affeffments, by the fpace of feven days next after the fame fhall be due, and be demanded in manner as aforefaid, the fame fhall and may be recovered of and from the occupier or occupiers, or any of them, of fuch houfes or tenements refpedlively, or any part or parts thereof, by diftrefs and fale of his, her, or their re-fpedtive goods and chattels, to be made in fuch manner as aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That The land-jf the monies to arife by fuch dirtrefs and fale fhall not be fuffi- Iords to be cient fully to pay and fatisfy fuch rate or rates, affeffment or affeffments, together with the corts, charges, and expences at- ficiency of tending fuch dirtrefs and fale, or diftreffes and fales, then and fo the diftrefs. often, and in every fuch cafe, fo much of the faid rate or rates, affeffment or affeffments, cofts and charges, as fhall remain un-fatisfied, fhall and may be fued for and recovered of and from the landlord or landlords, or owner or owners thereof refpedlively,

by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majerty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or within the faid city of London, to be commenced and profecuted by the faid com-niifiioners, in the name of their principal clerk for the time being j in which adlion or fuit no protection, privilege, effoin, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

X.	And be it further enadted, '1 hat no butcher or butchers. Butchers not

or other person or persons dealing in meat, occupying any houfe to hang meat or houfes, or fhop or fhops, within the faid city, or the liberties beyond the thereof (the publick markets, and the fouth fide of Aldgate High then- s°^ §treet, only excepted) fhall hang out any meat or offal, or permit &c.	^	*

or fuffer any meat or offal to be hung out beyond the ftory ports

pf fuch his, her, or their houfe or fhop, or refpeSive houfes or fhops, or fhall throw or convey, or caufe, or permit or fuffer any blood to be thrown or conveyed, or to run from his, her, or their, daughter houfe, fhop, or premifes, into any of the faid

ftreets,

 

Drivers of carts, &c. to lead the fhaft horfe.

Commiffion-ers may compel per tons tc attend their fummons.

Anno regni tricesimo terdo Georgii III. c. 75. [1793.

ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, and places, within the faid city, or the liberties thereof, on pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence the fum of twenty {hillings.

XI.	And be it hereby further enafted, That the driver of every waggon, cart, dray, caravan, fledge, or truck: (except in cafes of horfes going abreaft, and of carts drawn -by one horfe only, guided with leather reins of fufficient length by the driver fitting in or upon fuch cart, which fhall be drawn within the faid city, or the liberties thereof) fhall hold in his or her hand a rope, ftrap, or thong of leather, of fufHcient ftrength, not exceeding four feet in length, affixed to the bit of the bridle, or headftall of the halter of the horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs within the {hafts of or next to fuch waggon, cart, dray, caravan, fledge, or truck ; and in cafe any person fhall drive any waggon, carr, dray, caravan, fledge,, or truck, within the faid city or the liberties thereof (except as before excepted), without holding in his hand a rope, ftrap, or thong of leather, of fufficient ftrength, not exceeding four feet in length, aflixed to the bit of the bridle, or headftall of the halter of the horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs within the fhafts of or next to fuch waggon, cart, dray, caravan, fledge, or truck, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to feize, or affift in feizing fuch offender or offenders, and by the authority of this aft, and with* out any other warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them into the cuftody of a peace officer, in order to be fecured and conveyed before fome juftiee of the peace of the faid city, and the party or parties accufed being brought before him, fuch juftiee fhall proceed to examine upon oath (or affirmation in the cafe of a quaker) any witnefs or witnefl'es who fhall appear or be produced to give information touching fuch offence (which oath or affirmation the faid juftiee is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter); and if the party or parties accufed fhall be convifted of any fuch offence, either by his, her, or their own confeflion, or upon fuch information as aforefaid, he, fhe, or they fo convifted fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five {hillings for the firft offence, the fum of ten flail lings for the fecond offence, and the fum of twenty {hillings for the third and every fubfequent offence.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That the faid commiffioners, at any of their publick meetings, fhall have full power and authority to fummon or require any perfon, or persons againft whom complaint fhall be made to them, touching any offence or offences to be committed againft the faid recited aft, or againft this prefent aft, to attend them the faid commiilioners, in order to be examined concerning fuch offence or offences, and other-wife dealt with purfuant to the {aid afts, or either of them, as the cafe may require ; and that if any person or perfons, againft whom any fuch complaint fhall be made, fhall after five days notice for that purpofe ferved upon him, her, or them, in and by fuch fummons, refufe or negleft to attend the faid commiffioners at the time and place for which he, fhe, or they fhall in fuch

fummons

 

J 793-3 -Ann0 regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75-	347

fummons have notice to attend, every fuch person or persons fo offending, by negledting to attend fuch fummons, fhall upon the oath of any one or more credible witnefs or witneffes (or if fuch witnefs or witneffes fhall be a quaker or quakers, then upon his, her, or their folemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation any feven or more of the faid commiffioners are hereby authorifed and required to adminiffer) forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings.

XIII.	And be it further enacfed, That if any person or persons For compel-fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or witneffes to give evidence be- hn£ attend-fore any juft ice of the peace, touching any matter contained in ^^|s° wl^~ any information or complaint for any offence againft this acft, or

the faid recited adf, either on the part of the profecutor, or of the person or persons accufed, or if any person or persons fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or witneffes to give evidence upon any appeal, or any adjournment thereof, by virtue of this adf, or the faid recited adt, either on the part of the appellant or refpondent, and any fuch person or persons refpedlively fhall refufe or neglect to appear from time to time, at the time and place to be for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for his, her, or their refufal or neglect, or appearing fhall refufe to be examined upon oath, (or in cafe of a quaker or quakers, on folemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation fuch juftice is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter), and to give evidence before fuch juftice of the peace, or upon fuch appeal, or any adjournment thereof, then and in either of the faid cafes every fuch person fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty (hillings.

XIV.	And be it further enadted and declared, That in all cafes Directing the

of notices and fummonfes directed or required to be given or manner of ferved by this adf, or the faid recited adt (except in the cafe of	uo'

fummonfes for the meeting of the faid commiffioners) which fhall

pr may be neceffary for carrying into execution any of the powers of this adf, or the faid recited adf, the fervices of any fuch notices or fummonfes, either on the person to whom the fame ought to be given, or leaving the fame, or a true copy thereof, at his or her dwelling houfe, or ufual or laft place of his or her abode,

(hall be a good and fufficient fervice of any and every fuch notices or fummonfes ; and that in all cafes whatfoever, where any fuch notices or fummonfes ought to be given to two or more persons for or refpedling the joint adt or omiffion of any fuch person or perfons, whether the faid person or persons be in partnerfhip in trade, or othervvife jointly concerned in any fuch adt or omiffion, the like fervice of any fuch notices or fummonfes on any one of fuch partner or partners, or person or perfons, fhall be alfo a good and fufficient fervice thereof.

XV.	Whereas by the faid recited at7, the number of hackney coaches -allowed to ply for hire in certain Jlreets or places within the faid city or liberties, were in feveral injlances limited,, and their dif tances one from the other, when fo plying, were regulated and fettled: and whereas it ivould be very convenient and beneficial to the publick> if the number of hackney coaches which are allowed to ply for hire on fbe fouth fide of Saint Paul’s Church Yard, near the weft end

thereof

 

thereof.\ were alfo to be limit For regtila- zvhen fo plying, regulated an ting the ft and from an(j after t[le twenty-

or coaches on ....	.	,	J	~	r	,	.

the fouth fide hundred and ninety-three, not more than two coaches at the

of Saint Paul's fame time fhall ftand or ply for hire at or near the weft gate of Church Yard. Saint Paid's Church Yard', and that the ftrft of the faid coaches fhall ftand as near as may he to the fouth fide of the faid weft gate, and to the rails of the faid church yard, but not before the faid gate, or any part thereof, and the other clofe behind the faid firft coach, and that not more than two coaches fhall ftand or ply for hire at the fame time, immediately weftward of the gate of the faid church yard, commonly called The Dean's Gate, and that one of the faid laft-mentioned coaches fhall ftand as near as may be to the weft fide of the faid gate, called The Dean's Gate, but not before the fame, or any part thereof, and the other clofe before the faid laft-mentioned coach, and that both the faid laft-mentioned coaches fhall ftand as near as may be to the rails of the faid church yard, upon pain that the owner or driver of every hackney coach which fhall ftand or ply for hire in any of the faid places where the number of hackney coaches is hereby limited, after the number of coaches fo refpeCtively limited fhall be Handing or plying therein, fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty {hillings, to be levied and recovered by fuch ways and methods as by the feveral adls of parliament now in force concerning hackney coaches, or by this prefent adf, or any of them, are diredfed; and fuch penalties, when recovered, fhall be applied to and for the purpofes of the faid recited act and this a<5t.

XVI.	And whereas, from the want of power in the magiflrates of the city of London to enforce the appearance of maflers, miflreffes, or drivers of hackney coaches, ref ding out of the jurifdidlion of the fame magif rates, to anfwer complaints for offences committed by fuch maflers, miflreffes, or drivers, within the faid city and liberties, many of fuch offenders again)} the faid recited ail cannot be punijhed by virtue there-of fuch offences being cognizable by the faid magiflrates only; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, For enforcing That in cafe, and when and fo often as any complaint fhall be the appear-^ made to any juftice of the peace of the faid city, touching any of-tei^andTi-iv ^cnce or offences punifhable by or under the faid recited a8c, or ers of hackney bY or unc^er this prefent adt, by any person or perfons, being the coaches. mafter, miftrefs, or driver, or mafters, miftreffes, or drivers of any hackney coach or hackney coaches, refiding at any place or places out of the faid city, or the liberties thereof, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice to iffue a fummons, under his hand, requiring fuch person or persons againft whom any fuch complaint fhall be made, to attend fuch juftice at fuch time and place within the faid city or liberties, as fuch juftice fhall appoint, in order to anfwer fuch complaint; and that if any fuch person or perfons, being fuch mafter, miftrefs, or driver, or mafters, miftreffes, or drivers, and refiding as aforefaid, and againft whom any fuch complaint fhall be made, fhall, after three days notice to attend

as

ed, and their diftances one from the other, d fettled', be it therefore enadted, That, •fourth day of Tune one thoufand feven

 

349

1793*] Annoregni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75.

as aforefaid, ferved upon him, her, or them., in and by fuch fum-mons as laft-mentioned, or left at his or her laft or ufual place of abode, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice, upon the appearance of any fuch offender or offenders, to hear and determine the matter of complaint, and to convibf or acquit him, her, or them ; but if fuch offender or offenders fhall refufe or negledl to attend fuch juftice, at the time and place for which he, fhe, or they fhall in fuch fummons have notice to attend, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice to iffue a warrant or warrants, under his hand and feal, for the apprehending and bringing before him the faid juftice, or any other juftice of the peace for the fa id city, the person or persons who fhall have fo refufed or neglected to appear upon fuch fummons, provided that fuch warrant or warrants be firft backed or counterfigned by fome magiftrate of the county, city, or liberty wherein fuch offender may refide or be found, which warrant or warrants any fuch magiftrate who fhall be applied to for that purpofe fhall, and he is hereby required and direbled to back or counterfign accordingly; and it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice, upon the appearance before him of fuch person or persons fo complained of, being a mafter, mif-trefs, or driver, or mafters, miftreftes, or drivers of any hackney coach or hackney coaches, and refiding as aforefaid, to hear and determine the matter of complaint, and to convict or acquit the fame person or persons of the offence or offences fo complained of, and every fuch convidtion, either upon the appearance of fuch offender or offenders in purfuance of the faid fummons, or being brought before fuch juftice by fuch warrant or warrants, fhall be as valid and effectual in the law, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch person or persons had refided within the city of London, or the liberties thereof; and in cafe the person or perlons fo con-vidled fhall not forthwith pay and fatisfy the penalty or forfeiture diredled to be paid for the offence of which he, fhe, or they fhall be fo convidfed by the before recited adt, or this prefent adf, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice to commit fuch offender or offenders to one of the compters, or to the bridewell of the faid city, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twenty days,, unlefs fuch penalty fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That all penalties and for- Method of feitures by the faid recited adt, or this prefent adl, inflidled or recovering pe-authorifed to be impofed (the manner of levying and recovering na ies* whereof is not hereby otherwife particularly diredled) fhall be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace for the faid city, which warrant or warrants fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the confeffion of the party or parties, or upon the evidence of any one or more credible witnefs or witneflss upon oath (or affirmation in the cafe of a quaker), and the informer is hereby rendered a competent witnefs, and the overplus (if any) of the money arifing by fuch diftrefs and fale fhall be returned, upon demand,

 

Warrant of diftrefs to be backed.

Penalties may be mitigated.

Penalty on drivers of waggons, Sec. with two or more horfes, or other beafts of draught, riding on either of luch horfes. '

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii HI. c. 75. [1793*

mand, to the owner of fuch goods and chattels, after deducting the cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and. fale; and- the penalties and forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherv/ife applied) (hall be paid into the chamber of the faid city, and be applied towards the purpofes of the laid recited a£t; and in cafe fufficient diftrefs fhall not be found, or fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall not be paid forthwith, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby authorifed and required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the offender or offenders to be committed to one of the compters, or to the bridewell of the faid city, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, unlefs fuch penalties and for-* feitures, and all reafonable charges attending the fame, fhall be' fooner fully paid and fatisfied.

XVIII.	Provided always, That no fuch diftrefs dial I by virtue' of this a6t be made, out of the limits of the faid city,- and liberties thereof, unlefs luch warrant or warrants refpedtively (hall be firft backed or counterfigned by fome magiftrate of the county, city, or liberty where fuch diftrefs is propofed to be made, which warrant or warrants any fuch magiftrate who (hall be applied to for that purpole (hall forthwith back or counteriign.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for the juftice of the peace before whom fhall be recovered any of the penalties or forfeitures impofed by this a£t, or the faid recited a£t, where no other manner of mitigation of any fuch penalties or forfeitures is hereby or by the faid recited adirected,* to mitigate or leflen any of fuch penalties or forfeitures as he in his diferetion (hall think fit, fo as the fame be not mitigated or reduced to lefs than one moiety or half part thereof.

XX.	And whereas many drivers of waggons, carts, drays, trucks, and fledges, dra wn by two or more horjes, or other beajis of draughty 'make a practice of riding on one of fuch horfes, or other beafls, to the great danger of the publick\ be it therefore further enadted, That,-from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, if any driver of any waggon, cart, drav, truck, or fledge, drawn by two or more horfes, or other beafls of draught, within the faid city or liberties, fhall fit or ride on either of fuch horfes or other beafls, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whomfoever, who fhall fee fuch offence committed, to leiz.e, and alfo for any other person or persons to aflift in feizing fuch offender, and by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey or deliver him into the cuflody of a peace officer, in order to be fecured and conveyed before fome juftice of the peace of the faid city, and the party ac-cufed being brought before him, fuch juftice fhall proceed ,to examine, upon oath, any wimefs or witneffes who fhall appear or be produced to give information touching fuch offence, which oath (or affirmation, in the cafe of a quaker) the faid juftice is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter, and if the party accufed fhall be convicted of any fuch offence, either by his own confef-

fi-OJTy

 

35*

fion, or upon fuch information as aforefaid, he fhall forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings for the firft offence, the fum of twenty (hillings for the fecond oifence, and the fum of forty (hillings for the third and every other offence, and upon nonpayment of fuch penalty, it (hall and -may be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby authorifed and required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe fuch offender to be committed to one of the compters, or to the bridewell of the faid city, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twenty days, nor lefs than {even days, unlefs fuch penalty fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XXL And be it further enafted, That if any person or persons Penalty on fhall at any time or times obftruft, hinder, or moleft any of the j?er^s a^c faid commiftioners, or any furveyor or furveyors, or other officer the coUe&ors or officers, workmen, person or persons whomfoever, who (hall 0r other offi-be employed by virtue of this aft, in the performance or execu- cers. tion of their duty, every fuch person fo offending (hall for the firft offence forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings, for the fecond the fum of twenty (hillings, and for the third and every other offence the fum of five pounds.

XXU.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where a Penalty on diftrefs is authorifed to be made by the faid recited or this aft, if conftables any conftable of the parifh or place where the fame is to be made, rehifing^01* upon being called upon by any colleftor or colleftors, or any in cafe other person (who (hall have obtained fuch warrant of diftrefs) of any diftrefs (hall negleft or refufe to aid and affift in making fuch diftrefs and being taken, fale, fuch conftable fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the

fum of twenty (hillings.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That the commiffioners Commilfion* appointed to put in execution the faid recited aft, and fuch com- ^'s t0 be ftiled miffioners as (hall hereafter be appointed to put the.faid aft, and ftYewers the prefent aft, into execution, (hall be named and (filed Com- of the city of miffioners of fewers of the city of London, and liberties thereof. London, &c.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That no aftion of fuit to be A&ions or commenced or profecuted under the authority of this prefent aft, Viiits not to or the faid recited aft, in the name of the principal clerk to the by the faid commiffioners for the time being, (hall abate or be difconti- movai of the nued by the death or removal of fuch clerk, or by the aft of the clerk.

faid clerk, without the confent of the faid commiffioners, but that fuch clerk (hall always be deemed plaintiff or defendant in fuch aftion or fuit, as the cafe may be: provided always, That every fuch clerk fhall be reimburfed out of the monies to be raifed by virtue of this aft, all fuch cofts, charges, and expences as he (hall be put unto or become chargeable with, by reafon of his being fo made plaintiff or defendant.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That if any fuch colleftor Monies in the

or collectors dial I happen to die or become bankrupt, or take the	Cfa~

benefit of any infolvent aft, before he or they (hall have fully paid or becoming and fatisfied all the monies by him or them received by virtue of bankrupts or the faid recited aft, then and in every fuch cafe the executors or infolvent, how a^miniftrators, or other legal representative or reprefentatives, or	ami

k a	perfon

 

Form of con, vidtion.

inhabitants may be wit-neffes.

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1793.

perfon or persons poffefling the eftate and effedts of every/uch colledtor, or the aflignee or aftignees of every fuch bankrupt or infolvent, (hall, out of the eftate and effects of the party fo dying; becoming bankrupt or infolvent, pay into the chamber of the faid city, all fuch Turns of money as (hall be in the hands of fueh person refpe£tively at the time of his or their death, or at or after the time of his becoming bankrupt or infolvent, and not paid over; or fo much thereof as the eftate and effects will extend to pay, in preference to any other creditor, and the receipt or receipts of the faid chamberlain (hall be a good difcharge for the faid money,-to the person or persons paying the fame ; and every executor,-adminiftrator, or affignee, or fuch other persons paying the fame as aforefaid, may to any action, fuit, or profecution commenced or brought againft him, her, or them, plead and give in evidence the authority of this adt for fuch payment, and (hall be allowed the fame prior to any fpecialty, judgement, or other debt or de-mand whatfoever; and in cafe of nonpayment of the fame by the fpace of one calendar month after the fame (ball have been demanded by any person or' persons to be authorifed by the faid commiffioners for that purpofc, it fhall be lawful for the principal clerk to the faid commiffioners for the time being, in his own name to commence one or more adtion or adtions, fuit or fuitS; in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at TVeJlminjler, againft fuch executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, or other person as aforefaid; for the recovery of the fame, in which adlion no effoin, protection, or wager at law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXVL And,, for the more ecify and fpeedy conviction oj offenders againft the faid recited aft, and this prefe?it aft, be it further enacted. That all and every juftice and juftices before whom any person or persons (hall be convidtad of any offence againft the faid recited acl, or this prefent adt, (hall and may caufe the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or any other form of words to the fame effedt; (that is to fay)

7 TJ E it remembered, That on the	day

To wit. j JD of	in the	year of

the reign of his majefty King

A* B. is [or are] convidted before me G. D. one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the city of London, by virtue of an adt of parliament made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled [Here fet forth the title of the aft, and fpecify the offence, and tunc and place when and where the jaine was committed, as the cafe Jhall be.] Given under my hand and feal, the day and year above written.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That in all adtions, profe-cutions, informations, caufes, and proceedings, relating to or concerning the execution of this prelent add, or of the faid recited adt, any inhabitant within the faid city or liberties fhall be a competent

 

1793*1 Anno regni trfcefimo tertio GeorcSii III* c. 75.	353

petent witnefs, and be admitted to give evidence* notwithstanding fiich inhabitant is charged with or liable to pay any rate by virtue of this abt, or the faid recited abt.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadted, That if any person fliail Perfons ag-think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done in purfuance £l'ieved may of this abt, and for which no particular method of relief is hereby ^enera^or11^ appointed* fuch person may, within fix calendar months after the quarter fef-caufe of complaint Shall have arifen, appeal to the juftices of peace fions.

at their general or quarter feflions to be holden for the faid city of London, fuch appellant firft giving, or caufing to be given, eight days notice at leaf):, in writing, of his or her intention to exhibit fuch appeal, and the matter thereof, to the clerk of the faid coni* miffioners, and within four days after giving fuch notice entering into a recognizance before fome juftice of the peace for the faid city, with two fufficient fureties, conditioned to try fuch appeal at, and abide by the order of, and pay fuch cofts as Shall be awarded by, the juftices at fuch general or quarter feflions; and the faid juftices at fuch feflions, upon due proof of fuch notice beins foven, and of the entering into fuch recognizance as afore-

O ©	7	^	o	o

faid, fliail hear and finally determine the caufes and matters of fuch appeal in a Summary way, and award fuch cofts to the party appealing, or appealed againft, as they Shall think proper, and the determination of fuch juftices Shall be binding, final, aild conclusive to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That no rate or a/Teffment, Rates and or any proceeding to be had touching any order made, or other

matter or thing to be done or tranfabted in or relating to any qu^ed for complaint, convibtion, or appeal, or any order oi* determination want of form; thereon in purfuance of this abt, or the faid recited abt, Shall be quafhed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or re- nr removed ^ moveable into any of his IVJajefty’s courts of record at JVtJimln- Ceitioran* yAr, hy Certiorari, or by any other writ or procefs whatfoever; any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftandirig.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enabted, That no Proceedings person or persons Shall be fubjebt or liable to the payment of any *° be

of the penalties or forfeitures inflibted by virtue of this abt, or the ** Si faid recited abb, for any offence or offences againft this act, or the faid recited act, unlefs fome proceedings fliail be had accord* ing to the directions of this abb, refpebbing fuch offence or of* fences within fix calendar months next after the offence committed.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That all and every the pro- Powers of vifions, powers, articles, claufes, impofitions, and diftributions °f former abt penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things in the ^his^ab^ ^ faid recited act enacted, contained, or preferibed, and not hereby

varied or altered, or othervvife provided for, fliail be and continue of full force and effebt, and (hall belikewife applied and extended to this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame had feverally and refpebtively been ex* prefsly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this prefent act.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That this prefent act Shall Publtck ad.

Vol. XXXIX.	A	a	be

 

354 Anno regni tricesimo tertio GeoRGII III. c.76—80. [1793.

be deemed, adjudged, taken, and allowed to be a publick aand be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perlons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXXVI.

An ad for eftabliftiing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfound**-land, and the iflands adjacent.—- [June 17, 1793*]

CAP. LXXVII.

An ad for further fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on the heirs male of the body of the late lord Rodney, to whom the barony of Rodney fhall defcend, in conlideration of the eminent fervices performed by the faid late lord Rodney to his Majefty and the publick.—[June 17,1793.J

CAP. LXXVIII.

An ad to enable his royal highnefs George prince of Wales to make leafes, copies, and grants of offices, lands and hereditaments, parcel of his faid royal highnels's duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for the other purpofes therein mentioned.-[June 17, 1793.]

Grants of the prince of Wales of manors, lands, Sec, in the duchy of Cornwall to be effedual in law, according to their purport. The prince may grant leafes for three lives, or thirty-one years, and leafes for ninety-nine years upon annual ground rents, for building or for improving waftes, and no fines to be taken. Agreements in grants to be effedual in law, according to their contents. General laving.

CAP. LXXIX.

An ad requiring and authorifmg Charles Gilbert, efquire, treafurer of the eaftern divifion, and the reverend Francis Tutte, the legal reprefenta-tive of Randolph Tutte, deceafed, late treafurer of the weftern divifion of the county of Sufftx, to pay certain films of money received by them the faid treasurers, or either of them, on account of the not raifing the militia of the faid county, into the publick (locks of the faid divifions, to be applied as therein is direded ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.------[June 11, 1793.]

Militia ads 7 and 9 Geo. 3, recited. Mr. Gilbert to pay 1,327!. us. id. 3q. received by him at next Midfummer feffions, into The County Stock of the Eaftern Divifion. Randolph Tutte’s goods, &c. unadmini-ftered, come to the hands of Francis Tutte, clerk, to be liable to pay 882!. 2$. 9d. iq. at next Midfummer feffions- into The County Stock of the Weftern Divifion. In default, clerk of the peace to profecute. On payment of his money Mr. Gilbert to be indemnified. Juftices at feffions for eaftern divifion to pay out of the county flock the expences of this ad; and juftices for weftern divifion to reimburfe them a proportionable part of luch expence. Remainder to be applied as the refpedive publick ftocks of the faid divifions are applied. Publick ad.

CAP. LXXX.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Oxford canal navigation, at Braunfton, in the county of Northampton, to join the river Thames at or near Brentford, in the county of Middlefex, and alfo certain collateral cuts From the faid intended canal.——- [April 30, 1793-3

Certain persons incorporated by the name and ftyle of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Jundion Canal,” who are to make and complete a canal, to be called 4t The Grand Jundion Canal,” from the Oxford canal, in the parifh of Braunlion, in Northamptonfhire, through Drayton, Daventry, Welton, Thrupp, Long Buckby, Whilton, Norton, BrockhalJ,

Dodford,

 

1793-] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80.

bodford, Weedon Beck, Stowe, Lower Heyford, Bugbrook, Gayton, Blifworth, Stoke Bruern, Road, Grafton Regis, Yardley Gobion, Furtho, and Cofgrove, in Northamptonfhire; Woolverton, Bradwell, Stanton-bury. Great Linford, Newport Pagncll, Widen, Little Woolfton, Great Woolfton, Woughton, Simpfon, Fenny Stratford, Watet Eaton, Stoke Hammond, Soulbury, Linflade, Grove, Slapton, Horton, Ivinghoe, Pightlefthorn, Cheddington, and Marfworth, in Buokinghamthire; Leigh^ ton Buzzard, in Bedfordfliire; Tring, Aldbury, North Church, Great Berkhampftead, Bovingdon, Hemel Hempftead, Abbots Langley, King's Langley, Watford, and Rick man fworth, in Hertford fh ire $ Denham, in Buckinghamfhire; and Harefield, Uxbridge, Cowley, Hillingdon, Dray-* ton, Harlington, Hayes, Southall^ Htfton, Norwood, Hanwell, Ifleworth, and Ealing, in Middlefe*, to unite with the river Thames at the place where the eaftern branch of the river Brent is received by the river Thames; and alfo to make collateral cuts to Daventry, Northampton, Old Stratford, and Watford. Houfes, gardens, &C. not to be injured without the confent of the owners and occupiers. Not to lay earth ori the inclofures in Stoke Bruern. Breadth of canal and towing paths to be twenty yards and five feet deep. Not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the plans and books of reference. No towing path to be made north weft of the canal in Welton. No building to be eredted on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politick impowered to fell and convey lands. Lands feparated into fmall parcels may be exchanged or fold. Contracts and fales to be made at the expellee of the company. If parties cannot agree, the price to be fettled by commiflioners, Or a jury. Yearly rents charged on the rates, or the company's boats, &c. may be feized or diftrained upon for the fame. Perfons having a freehold Or copy-hold eftate in the counties of Northampton, Buckingham, Bedford, Hertford or Middlefex, of the clear yearly value of lool. and the eldeft fon or heir apparent of any person having an eftate in the faid counties of the clear yearly value of 500I. and alfo every person refiding in the faid counties having perfonal eftate, or real and perfonal eftate, of the value of 3,000!. to be commiflioners for fettling differences between the company of proprietors and persons interefted in lands, &c. Commifiioners not to adfc where interefted, and to take an oath. 100I. penalty on commiflioners adting, not being qualified. Commiflioners may adt as juftices of the peace ; but not whilft they hold any place of profit under this adh Proceedings of commiflioners to be entered in a book. General meetings of commiflioners. Meetings to determine difputes, &C. to be held within ten miles of the canal. Commiflioners fhall fix the price of lands. If parties are diflatisfied with the determination of the commiflioners, value to be afeertained by a jury. Verdidt of the jury to be final. If parties are unable or unwilling to treat, a jury to ascertain the value. Expences of commiflioners, witnefles and jury, by whom to be paid. Perfons requeuing juries to enter into bonds to profecute. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors before complaint to the commiflioners. 20I. penalty on fheriffs making default, and 5I. penalty on jury and witnefles not attending when fummoned. Compenfation to be made for tithes. Verdidt for value of lands and damages to be afeertained feparately. Power to entet* and take pofleflion of lands, &c. on payment or tender of purchafe money* Verdidts to be recorded. Power to provide warehoufes at a diftance from the canal. Company obliged to purchafe fmall pieces of land feparated in making the canal. Purchafe money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid to the fame ufes. Commiflioners to fettle the proportion of the money to be paid to the feveral persons interefted. Line of the canal in Ofterley lands. No water to be taken from, or works eredted within, Ofterley lands, or the lands of John Robinfon, efquire, the duke of Northumberland, or James Clitherow, efquire.. Land owners may become proprietors, if they defire it. Leflees may become proprietors, where land owners decline it. Refervoirs to be provided for fupplying the rivers Gade, Colne and Bulborne with as much water as fhall be taken for the ufe of the canal. An equal quantity of water to be returned to the river Brent as fhall be taken from it. Wafte water from the lummit at Marfworth to be conveyed fouthwardly. Millers not unneceflarily to draw

A a %	down

Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii TH. c. 8o. [1793.

down the water of their mill ftreams to the prejudice of the navigation. If the company deep.-n any ftreams they fliall make good the damage the occupier of any mill thereon fliall fuftain. The company to divert the water from mill ftreams for rebuilding or repairing any null. Navigation of the river Brent not to be impeded. To prevent injury to the nulls of Bax and company. No injury to be done to the pipes and aquedudts for (applying Uxbridge and Hillingdon with water. The canal to be carried by aqueducts aero Is the river Colne, between the Point and Uxbridge. Surplus water below Uxbridge and the Brent to be conveyed into Cranford brook. Reftrihtions refpeCting Cow moor and Uxbridge moor. Canal not to communicate with the Colne below Uxbridge. A tumbling bay to be ere<5ted upon the Colne above The Point. To prevent Mr. Hanmer’s mil4 from injury. Soil of the lands to be laid at a diftance from materials for making the canal. Not to diminilh the water of the Thames and Ilis above Dorchefter bridge. The company may raife 500,000b at tool, a flaare, and if not fuflicient, 100,oool. more by mortgage. Intereft to be paid in preference to dividend. Five per cent, to be paid to the proprietors until the works are completed. Subfcribers to have a vote for every ftiare; but no per foil to have more than ten votes, nor ad as proxy for more than five Hurts. Fir ft general afiembly of proprietors to be on June 1, 1793. General affemblies for chufing committees to conlift of one thouland fhares. Affembly of proprietors may be fpecially tonvened. General af-fembly to eled and appoint officers, and take fecurity from them. Powers of the committee, and regulations refpecting the lame. Committee to make calls, and appoint officers and make contracts. Shares may be forfeited, but no advantage to be taken of forfeiture without perfonal notice. On the death of fubleribers before (hare completed executors may do it. Shares may be fold. After a call no lliare to be Fold until the money fliall be paid. Regulations as to the acquifition of iliares by marriage or will, or in courfe of adminiftration. Names of proprietors to be entered, and tickets of their fhares delivered to them, on payment of 2s. 6d. each. Rates of tonnage; for all lime and limeftone iq. per ton per mile: for cattle, fheep, fwine and other beafts, and flint and other ftones and bricks, tiles, flate, land, and fuller's earth, and ironftone, pig iron, and pig lead, and manure (except lime) aq. per ton per mile : for coal and coke 3q. per ton per mile: and for all other goods, wares, merchandize, Ac. id. per ton per mile. Proportion ot a mile to be taken as a mile. Recovery of rates. Rates may be lowered. Exemptions from rates. Further allowance for goods remaining upon wharfs above twenty-four hours. Company empowered.to leafe the rates. Matters of boats to give an account of their lading. Forty cubick feet of oak. alb or elm timber, and fifty cubick feet of fir, poplar, beech or birch, lhall be deemed a ton. One hundred and twenty pounds avoirdupois of coal or coke, and one hundred and twelve pounds of other articles to be deemed a hundred weight. In cafe of difference concerning the weight, collector may weigh them. Power to fix the price of fmall parcels. Navigation to be free, upon payment of rates. Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining, and watering places for- cattle. For fencing off towing paths. Swivel or draw bridges to be (hut after veffels palled. If the company do not fence off towing paths and make bridges, Ac. land owners may do it at the company’s expence. If bridges, Ac. made by the company are in-iufticienl, land owners may make others at their own expence. Works damaged by Hoods to be repaired by the company. Enabling the company to cleanfe the adjoining watercourfes at the land owners expencc. Tords of manors and land owners may eredt wharfs, Ac. But if not done within a year after notice the company may build. Regulations as to private wharfs. Company of proprietors, or others, not to ule, exclufively, private wharfs. Mailers to put their names on the outfide cf boats. Weight of the lading of veffels to be marked. Boat owners to be accountable for damages done by the boatmen. Matters to recover from their fewants any fums for their default. Places to be made for boats to turn or lie in,, or for other boats to pafs. Veffels obftructing the navigation to be removed, and veffels funk to be weighed up. 5I. penalty on persons overloading and obftrudting the paifage of the canal, id. penalty on per

 

357

1793-] Annoregni tricesimo tercio Georcii III. c 8i, 82.

fons opening the locks, or doing other datmge to the navigation. De-ftroying the works felony. Regulations of vefiels palling the locks. Lock keepers not to give preference. Vellcls pifling locks with lets than thirty tons to pay for thirty tons. Canal not to he under the power of com* mifliontisof fewers. Allowing land owners to carry manure toll free. Rights of lords of manors, and 1 md owners to the fifiu-ry prefi rved.

Power for land owners to ufe pleainre boats. Stones to he erected every quarter of a mile. Mines rekrved to lords of manors or other proprietors. Power to make rollers, or inclined planes, &c. Cuts may be made to mines with conlent of land owners. Subfcrihers compelled to pay their fubferiptions. Canal may be made through Mrs Scare's pica-lure grounds, under certain reftridioim. No lock to be erected within a mile of Mrs* Scare's land at Bulhorne, without her confent. No injury to be done to the mills of the bon. Mrs. Leigh, at Leighton Buzz ird. Majority of the proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. The company of proprietors of the Oxford canal navigation, to take rates for coals palling from the Oxford canal into the intended canal, 2s. 9d. per ton. For all other goods and things (except lime and limelhone) 4s. 4c!. per ton.

When the intended canal lhall be complete from the Oxford canal to Old Stratford, and the rates do not amount to 5,000! a year, and after the intended canalihall be complete, or on Jan. 1, 1804, (which fhall firlf happen) the rates do not amount to 10,cool, a year, the company of proprietors to make good the deficiency to the company of the Oxford canal. Oxford canal company to keep account of thofe rates, and permit the fame to be inipeded, and keep their canal in good condition. Rights of the Oxford canal company toother rates laved. The company to receive a rate of one halfpenny per ton for all goods, wares, merchandize. Ac. palling from the canal into the river Thames, or from the Thames into the canal, and pay the fame quarterly, to the corporation of London. . If the fiid rate, and a rate of one halfpenny a ton granted to the corporation of London, by ad 17 Geo. 3. c. 18. do not amount to 200I. from the .palling this ad, to Midfummer 1795, and 5C0I. at Mid-fummer 1796, and 600I. at Midfummer 1797, and 700I. at Midfuminer 1798, and 800I. at Midfummer 1799, and 900I. at Midlummer 1800, and i,oool. at Midfummer 1801, and every fubfequent year the deficiency to be made good by the company. Recovery or the annual payments by the corporation of London. Rights of the corporation of London as confervator of the Thames and Medway, faved. No coals to be conveyed towards London, nearer than the mouth of the tunnel at Langley Bury, in Hertford (hire, Recovtryof fines and forfeitures. Peribns agr grieved by irregularity in diftrefs to recover only the fpecial damages. Peribns aggrieved may appeal to the quarter l’dlions. Proceedings not to be quafiied for want of form, nor removed by Certiorari. Limitation of adions. General ilfue. Treble coils. Publk.lv ad.

CAP. LXXXI.

An ad to amend an ad, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign ofhis prefent Majtfly, intituled. An ad for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals ufed in (melting copper and lead ores, and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and lead mines, within the file of Anglefey.------[June 17, 1793*]

Ad 26 Geo. 3 c. 104, recited. From July 5, 1793, the drawbacks to be allowed of all duties paid for coals ufed for tin el ting copper and lead ores,

Nc. in Anglefey, not to exceed two thoijland five hundreds a year.

CAP. LX XXII.

An ad to explain and amend an ad, pafled in the eleventh year of the reign of his prcl'ent Majefty, for the better paving, cleaniing, lighting and witching llaydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Shetpy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwife the Church Palfage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the pafiages therein, or leading thereto, in the parifh of Trinity, otherwife Holy Trinity,

A a 3	in

 

iVnno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. Sg, [1793.

in the Minories, in the county of Middlefex, within the liberty of his Majefty's Tower of London; and for other purpoles therein mentioned. [June 17, 5793.3

So much of adt u Qeo. 3. p. 54, as relates to rating houfes, warehoufes, fee. which are partly iituate within the faid fquares, ftreets, Scc. and adjoin upon other ftreets, and the rating of churches, dead walls, and void (paces of ground adjoining the faid fquares, ftreets, &c. repealed. The houfes in the Great Minories from number 25, to number 40, incluftve, to be rated at one-fourth of the rate they would have been liable to if they had ftood wholjy within the fquares, ftreets, &c. intended to be paved by adf 11 Geo. 3. Churches, &c. to be rated in future at 6d. a Square yard of pavement. The Eaft India Company’s ware houfes in the pari ill of Trinity, in the Minories, to be rated andaflelfed at, and as of fhe yearly value of 1,200!. Regulations of the former adt, refpedting for-mep rates, extended to the rates laid by this adt. Expences of this adt to be paid out of money raifed by former adt or this aft. Publick adt.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An adt for the better lighting, cleanftng, watching and regulating the fquares, ftreets, lanes, alleys, paflages and places within the parifh of St. Luke, in the county of Middlefex ; and for removing and preventing nuilances, annoyances and encroachments within the fame.-?.

[June 3, 1793*

Adt 27 Geo. 2. c. 25, recited and repealed. The redtor, churchwardens, joverfeer§ of the poor, and veftrymen of the pariih of St. Luke to be truftees. Trpftets holding any office, or being concerned in contradts, dilqualihed. Fir ft meeting of truftees to be on May 30, 1793. Truf-tees may appoint officers. Not lefs than feven truftees to adt, and if votes equal, the chairman to have the cafting vote. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Truftees in the commiffion of the peace may adt as juftices, fee. Power of lighting and watching vefted in the truftees, who may put up lamps, eredt watch houfes, boxes, fee. and appoint watchmen, fee. Conftabies to attepd to do duty in turn every night; and mi (behaviour of watchmen to be reported to the truftees. Penalty of 203. on conftabies, beadles, fee. for negledt of duty. Watchman’s duty and power in the ablence of the cqqftable, fee. Watchman not attending, beadle may appoint a fubftitute. Truftees may caufe the road to be watered, and the ftreets to bp cle^nfed and watered. Materials vefted in truftees, who may fue in the name of their clerk or treafurer. Penalty of 20s. on per-fons wilfully deftroying qr extinguilhing lamps, damaging watch boxes, &c. Juftices may award fatisfadtion for damages done to lamps accident tally. Work may be dqne by contracts. Rates not to exceed is. 4d. iq the pound. Rates on publick buildings, fee. by whom to be paid. Houles partly within, and partly without the limits of this adt, to be rated in proportion. Perfons removing, and others fucceeding them, to pay due proportions, to be fettfed hy two juftices. Lefices, &c. fubjedt to rates of houfes let to lodgers. Truftees may remit persons unable to pay the rates. Truftees may compound with owners of houfes under the yearly valpe of iol. Rates to commence June 24, 1793. Arrears of rates howto be recovered. Arrears of rates made by the former adt tq be recovered by this adt. Penalty of 40s. on conftabies, &c. not affifting jn making diftreffes. If no diftrels can be found, the party may be committed. Actions may be broughf for the rafes. Treafurer and colledtors to account. Money ip the hands of the treafurer or colledtor dying or becoming bankrupt or infolvent, howto be paid and recovered. Treasurer to pay monies to order of the truftees.1 Treafurer, &c. having money in hand by virtue of the adt hereby repealed, to pay the fame to the truftees under this adt. Truftees may borroyr $oql/by annuities or at intereft. Securities to be entered in a book. Contributors to have receipts. Securities may be affigned. Penalty on perfgns (except the fca-yenger) collcdting duft or afhes, 40s. for the firft offence, and 51. for pyery fubfequeut offence, ' |f fuch offender cannot be apprehended, the r	^	  ownep

 

1793*] Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4, 85.

owner of the horf'e and cart employed in carrying away the duft fhall pay the penalty. For preventing annoyances. Perfons guiity of certain nuifances may be committed. This adi not to extend to that part of the pariffi of St. Luke within the limits of zo Geo. 3. c. 48, or 31 Geo. 3 c.

90. Diredtions for payment of a yearly fum mentioned in the laft adt* Reftridtions on the application of tne rates. For paying a fum of money annually to the tviiftees of Old Street Road, in lieu of ftatute labour. Recovery and application of forfeitures. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to trnf-tees, and if diftatisfied to the quarter leffions. Jultices hot to quafh age* neral rate. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble colts. Pub-lick adt.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An adt to repeal fo much of an adt, made in the twentieth year of his prefen t Majefty’s reign, as relates to the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the parilhes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighlcy, Bingley, Guifeley, Calverley, Batley, Birftall, Mirfield, Hartifhead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the lordfhip or liberty of Tong, in the well; riding of the county of York, and for granting other powers for thofe purposes. ——[April 30, 1793.]

CAP. LXXXV.

An a<5t for fupplying the towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke, Damare?, Stonehoufe and the parts adjacent, in the county of Devon, with water.

Thomas Bryer, Thomas Amies, Thomas Jones, Thomas Gray, and Oliver Toulmin, incorporated by the name of £{ The Company of Proprietors of the Plymouth Dock Water Works.” Houfes, gardens. Sec. not to be injured. Satisfaction for damages, and if parties difagree to be fettled by a jury. Bargains and lales enrolled in purluance of this adt to have the operation of fines and recoveries. No mill to be injured without the conlent of the owner. If any dreams are interfedted by the trench, occupiers of the grounds to be fupplied by a fluice. The Plymouth lent and river Plym not to be affedted. The company empowered to pafs the lines agreeable to the content of the board of ordnance. The departments of the office of ordnance to be fupplied by the company with water for 200I. a year. Encampments within the lines to be fupplied.

The dock yard, Sec. may be fupplied with water for 500I. a year. Power for the commiffioners of pavement of Plymouth dock to treat with the company foy water for the poor. An agreement between Mr. Hall and the company confirmed. Inhabitants of Plymouth dock may make pipes to communicate with the company’s pipes. Xbe company to fupply the inhabitants of Plymouth dock with water. Inhabitants of the parts adjacent may make pipes to communicate with the company’s pipes. Penalty of 10s. a day for laying pipes without the confent of the company. Penalty of jol. on persons interrupting the workmen. Perfons injuring the works deemed guilty qf a jpifdcmeanor. Penalty of 5I. for annoying the water. Ground where brake up for laying or repairing pipes to be made goqd as fooq as may be. Undertaking equally veiled in the proprietors. Not to be fubjedt to fevyers, rates or taxes. The rights of the prince of Wales, within the fareft of Dartmoor, not to be affedted. Manerial rights, refpedting mines, not to be affedted. Inhabitants fupplied with water under this adt not to fupply other perfons. All queftions to be determined by the majority in value. Recovery of forfeitures and penalties. Appeal. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if amends tendered. Orders of juftices not to be quafhed for want of form, nor removable by Certiorari. Limitation of actions. General illue. Treble colts. The undertaking to be completed in feven years. Publick adt.

■	d	a	.	\

360 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86—88. [1793.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An adt for amending and enlarging the powers of two adts, one made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late maiefty King George the Second, and the other made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better fupplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with coals.-[April 30, 1793*]

CAP. LXXXVir.

An adt for enlarging the church yard or cemetery of the parifh church of St. Mary, Iflington, in the county of Middleiex.-.[April 30, 1793.]

Contract for an acre of land in the manor of Canbury, otherwife Canon-bury, tor i,aool. Thomas Sutton and James Burton, empowered to accept a conveyance in truft for the inhabitants of Iflington. Truftees appointed. Truftees directed to pay the purchafe money. Land purchafed to be ufed as a bp rial ground, and vefted in the vicar and churchwardens for the time being. Truftees to fettle the fees payable for funerals. All orders, &c. to be made at meetings of the truftees. Truftees may fue and be fued in the name of their treafurer. Power to appoint officers. Officers to account. Truftees may borrow money on mortgage of the burial fees and rates, or grant life annuities. Truftees impowered to make a rate on houfes, &c. of 3d. in the pound. Rates to be entered in a book. How rates may be recovered. Rates may be recovered of per-fons removed out of the parifti. Perfons over rated may appeal to juf-tices. Proceedings of truftees to be entered in a book. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the leffions. ^imitation of adtions. General iiTue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An adt for paving and repairing certain ftreets, lanes, and other publick paffages and places, in the parifh of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlefex ; and for paving and regulating fuch parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street, as are in the parifh of St. Leonard,

Shoreditch j and for removing obftrudtions and annoyances therein.-■

[April 30, 1793.]

Commiffioners names. Majority at publick meetings to adt, and five to iorm a meeting. Firft meeting of commiffioners to be on June 5, 1793. AU adts to be done at a general meeting. Commiffioners to pay their own expences, and not to adt where interefted. Commiffioners may appoint officers, and allow them falaries. Officers to give fecurity. Rates to be paid to the colledtors. Proceedings to be entered in a book, to be read in evidence. On death or failure of treafurer, colledtor, Sec. the money in their hands, belonging to the truft, to be paid in preference. Officers taking other fees than allowed by this adt, or being concerned in any bargain, difqualified, and to forfeit iool. Commiffioners may caufe certain ftreets to be paved or repaired. Penalty on obftrudting workmen, 20s. for the firft offence, 40s. for the fecopd offence, and 3I. for every other offence. 40s, penalty on altering the form of the pavements without content of the commiffioners. Notice to be given of taking up pavements, fcc. for repairing any vault, drains, Sec. Commifiioners may contradt with companies for relaying pavements. To prevent nuifances by private drains, or cefs-pools. Commiffioners to pay for altering pipes for the purpofes of altering this act. Where any of the water pipes break, notiqe to be gr<^en to the water companies. Paviours and turn cocks to give notice of their place of abode. Commiffioners may diredt grates over fewers to be altered. If new grates wanting, or fewers want clean-fing or repairing, the commiffioners of fewers to be fummoned. Com-miffioners may contradt for paving. Inhabitants to fweep the footways every day, between fix and nine in the morning, on penalty of 5s. Commiffioners may regulate iftands of hackney coaches. Property of pavement, See. vefted in commiffioners. Old materials may be fold or ufed. J^ames of ftreets to ]dc affixed up» and houfes pumbered. No person to

Hosted by GoOglC

1793-3 Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georcii III. c.

t ike away the duft, See. but the fcavenger under the penalty of ros. for the firft offence, and aos. for the fecond offence, and if the offenders cannot be apprehended, the owners of the carts to pay the penalty. After June 24, 1793, commiffioners may make a rate of 6d. in the pound, and when ftreets are repaired, a rate of is. in the pound. Power to compound. Empty houfes to pay only half the rate. Publiek buildings, &c. to he rated at 6d. per fquare yard. Clerk to make entries of rates. Rites to be figned by nine commifiioners, who are to grant warrants to collect and levy the fame. Occupiers quitting without paying rates to be followed. Tenants to pay rates, and deduct one moiety of it of their rents. Ad not to make void agreements between, landlord and tenant. Commiffioners may borrow 12,000k upon the credit of the rates at intereft, or by annuities on lives. Penalties not other wife provided for, how to be recovered. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Power of appeal to the quarter fdlions. Juftices to amend rates appealed agaiiift without altering the other rates, inhabitants deemed competent witneffes, See* Proceedings not to be quaffed for want of form. Perfons affeffed to this rate, exculed from two thirds of the ftatute duty for the highways. Limitations of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publiek ad.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An ad for paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the ffreets, fquares, lanes* ways, paffages, and publiek places within fuch pn*t of the pariff of Walcot, in the county of Somcrict, as is not within the circuit, precind, and jurifdidion of the city of Bath, in the fame county; and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, encroachments, and obftrudions; and for eftabliffmg a proper and effective police therein ; and for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches, chairs, porters, baiket men, and baiket women, within the laid city of Bath, and a certain diftance thereof.-[June 17, 1793*]

Commiffioners appointed. This ad to commence and the commiffioners frrft meeting to be on the fecond Tucfday after the palling thereof. Com-yniffioners may aft as juftices of the peace. For appointing officers, who are to give fecurity and deliver proper accounts. Books to be kept of proceedings. Adions to be in the name of the clerk, who lhall be reim-burfed his expences. Inhabitants to pave before their houfes under the direction of the commiffioners. The form of pavements not to be altered, without content of the commiffioners. Notice to be given to the com-miHioners’ 1'urveyor of taking up pavements for altering pipes, Commiffioners may contract with the owners or occupiers to pave at a certain fum, and for all works to be done under this ad. Surveyors to infped works contracted for. Property of all materials for the purpofe of this ad vefted in commiffioners. Power to provide lamps. Scavenger to clean the flreets, and take away the duft twice a week. Inhabitants to fweep the footways before their houfes. Watchmen, beadles, and confUbles to be appointed. Nuifances to be removed. To charge the expences of altering the pavements, fee. on the inheritance. Names of the ftreets to be fet up, and houfes numbered. Commiffioners may make a rate not exceeding is. in the pound per annum. Tenant to pay the rates. Houfes unoccupied not to be rated. Commiffioners empowerd to borrow 1,500!. on the credit of the rates. Commiffioners may make new fewers. Com* miffioners may make bye laws. To repeal fo much of ads 30 Geo. 2. and 9 Geo. 3. as relates to regulate chairmen in the city of Bath. The mayor, aldermen and common council of Bath, to make bye laws, for regulating and licenfing hackney coaches, chairs, porters, baiket men, and baiket women. The town clerk tp receive for each licence for a hackney coach,

1 os. annually. For a chair 3s. For a porter, Scc. is. Penalties to be applied to the uPc of the cafualty jiofpital. Copies of bye laws to be affixed oiijL the Guildhall, and in the pump Room. Proceedings to be within iix months. Inhabitants may be competent witneffes. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quaffed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General iffue* Treble cofts. Appeal. Publiek ad.

CAP.

 

6z Anno regni tricesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 90—96. [1793.

CAP. XC.

An ad far making a new flreet from Saint George’s Road, in the parifh of Chrift Church, in the county of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and acrofs the Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the faid parilh ; and for difcontinuing, as a pnblick highway, part of a

ftreet called the Upper Ground Street, in the faid parifh.-[June

21, 1793*3

Commiflioners names. The commiflioners firft meeting to be op the firft Thurfday next after pafiing this a<5t, and commiflioners to pay their own expences, and may ad asjuftices. Actions to be in the name of the clerk. For appointing officers with falaries, who are to give fecurity and account. Perfons interrupting or afiaulting the workmen, to forfeit for the firft offence 20s. for the iecond 40s. and for the third 3I. Commiflioners to lay out the new ftreet as ftraight as may be, 45 feet wide. Commiflioners may make contracts. Surveyors to infped the works. Materials veiled in the commiflioners. Bodies politick, &c. may contract with commiflioners for fale of houfes, lands, &c. Tenants to quit on three months notice. Commiflioners to purchafe houfes, &c. in one year from the commencement of this ad. A rate of is. for every foot of ground adjoining the new ftreet to be made on the owners thereof. Commiflioners may borrow at interelt, or by annuities, 600I. For fhutting up part of the Upper Ground Street. For mitigating penalties. Appeal. For recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. Limitation of adions. General iflue. Treble cofts. Publick ad.

CAP. XCI.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn at Shrewfbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Merfey, at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chefter; and alfo for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the faid intended canal.

CAP. XCII.

An ad for paving, fighting, cleanfing, and otherwife improving the town of Jpfwich, in the county of Suffolk ; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftrudions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XCIII.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable communication between the town of Chelmsford, or fome part of the parifh of Springfield, in the county of Eflex, and a place called Collier's Reach, in or near the river Blackwater, in the faid county.

CAP. XCIV.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly from, the town of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge ; and alfo a collateral cut from the laid intended canal, at or near Cropwell Butler, to the town of Bingham, both in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. XCV.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Glamorgan-ihire canal, to or near the village of Aberdare, in the county of Glamorgan ; and for making and maintaining a rail-way or ftone road from thence to or near Abernant, in the parifh of Cadpxtone juxta Neath* in the faid county.

CAP. XCVI.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town of Brecknock to the Monmouthlhire canal, near the town of Pontypool,

in

 

*793*3 Anno regni tricesimo tcrtio Georgii III. c. 97—105. 363

in the county of Monmouth ; and for making and maintaining rail- ways and (tone roads from fuch canal to feveral iron works and mines in the counties of Brecknock and Monmouth.

CAP. XCVII.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn, at or near the city of Gloucester, into a place called Berkeley Pill, in the pariih of Berkeley ; and alfo a cut to or near the town of Berkeley, in the county of Gloucefter.

CAP. XCVIII.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigation from the town of Leicefter to communicate with the river Nen, in or near the town of Northampton, and alfo a certain collateral cut from the faid navigation.

CAP. XCIX.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable communication from the jundion of the river Fofs with the river Qufe, at or near the city of York, to Stillington Mill, in the parifh of Stillington, in the North Riding of the county of York; ana for draining and improving certain low lands lying on each fide of the faid river Fofs.

CAP. C.

An ad to explain and amend an ad made in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An ad for ereding piers in, and for repairing and keeping in repair the harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the county of Suffex; and for impowering the commifiioners ading under the faid ad to improve the navigation of the river Arun, from the laid harbour to the town of Arundel, in the faid county.

CAP. Cl.

An ad for amending and enlarging the powers of an ad, made in the thirty- firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for taking down and rebuilding the parifh church of All Saints, within the town and county of the town of Southampton, and for purchafing Jand for the purpofe of a church yard, for the ufe of the faid parifh.

CAP. CII.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the liver Trent, at or near Swarkftone Bridge, to and through the borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a cut out of the faid canal in or near the faid borough, to join the Erewafh canal near Sandiacre, and for making railways from fuch canal to feveral collieries in the parifhes or liberties of Denby, Horflcy, and Smalley, all in the county of Derby.

c a p. era.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the Melton Mowbray navigation, in the county of Leicefter* to Oakham, in the county of Rutland.

CAP. CIV.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Loch Gilp, to Loch Crinan, in the fhire of Argyll.

CAP. CV.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from a place called Hammerlide Hill, in the parifh of Ulvtrlione, in the county palatine of Lancafter, to a place called Weint End,, near the town of Ulver-fione aforelaid.

u	CAP.

 

364 Anno rcgni tricesimo tert'10 Georgii III. c. xo6—115. [1793.

CAP. CVI.

An ad for building a bridge over the river Dcnvent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the Baft Riding of the county of York, and making proper approaches thereto.

CAP. CVII.

An ad to alter and amend an ad, palled in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An ad^ for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Weftmoreland, to Weft Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancafter ; and alfo a navigable branch from the faid intended canal, at or near Berwick, to or near Warton Cragg ; and alfo another navigable branch from, at, or near Gale Mofs, by Chorley, to or near Duxburv, in the faid county palatine of Lancafter ; and alio for making a navigable branch from the faid canal, at or near Galgate, to Glafibn Dock, in the faid county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP. CVIII.

An ad for draining, dividing, inclofing, and improving all the Moor Lands in the townfhips of Rednefs and Swinefleet, in the parifli of Whitgift, in the Weft Riding of the county of York.

CAP. CIX.

An ad for draining, preferving, and improving certain lands, lying in the fcveral pariihes of Spalding (including the hamlets of Cowbit and Peak-hill) Wefton, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwife Lutton, all in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. CX.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Calder, in the townfhip of Warm field cum Heath, to or near the town of Barnfley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge in the townfhip of Caw-thorne, in the Weft Riding of the county of York ; and certain railways, and other roads to communicate therewith.

CAP. CXI.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the collieries at Shipley and Wefthallam, in the county of Derby, to the Erewafh canal, in the parifh of Stanton by Dale, in the faid county,

CAP. CXII.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Worcefter and Birmingham canal navigation, in the parifh of King’s Norton, into the borough of Stratford upon Avon; and alfo certain collateral cuts from the faid intended canal.

CAP. CXIII.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the north end of the Shropfhire canal, in the townfhip of Rockwardine Wood, in the county of Salop, to the town of Shrewfbury, in the faid county.

CAP. CXIV.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river An-cholme, in the parifh of South Kelley, in the county of Lincoln, into the parifh of Caiftor, in the faid county.

CAP. CXV.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Dun navigation cut, in the townfhip of Swinton, to or near the town of

^-siiley.

 

1793-1 Anno regni tricefuno tertio Georgit III. c. i 16—124.

Barnfiey, in the parilh of Silkftone, in the Weft Riding of the county of York; and certain collateral cuts branching out of the laid canal.

CAP. CXVI.

An ad for embanking and draining certain faltmarlhes and low lands with* in the feveral parifhes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeach, and Gedney, in the county of Lincoln ; and for preventing the fame marfhes and lands from being overflowed with the fea, and for altering an ad patted in the thirty-ftrft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* intituled, An ad for dividing and incloftng the commons, marfhes, droves, wafte lands, and grounds, in the parifh of Gedney and hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. CXVIL

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Dun navigation cut, at or near Stainforth, in the Weft Riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the river Trent, at or near Keadby, in the county of Lincoln, and alfo a collateral cut from the faid canal to join the faid river Dun, in the parifh of Thorne in the faid Riding.

CAP. C XVIII.

An ad for making effectual the ftatute labour in the fibre of Invernefs; and for levying converfion money in lieu of labour; and for otherwife regulating, making, and repairing highways and bridges in the faid fliire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the ftreets within the royal burgh of Invernefs.

CAP. CXIX.

An ad to vary and extend the line of the canal authorifed to be made by an ad, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Hereford, to the city of Gloucefter, with a collateral cut from the fame to the town of Newent, in the county of Gloucefter, and to amend the faid ad.

CAP. CXX.

An ad for making effedual the ftatute labour, and for levying converfion money in lieu of labour in certain calcs, and for otherwife regulating, making and repairing high roads and bridges in the county of Caithnels.

CAP. CXXI.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Dudley canal, in the county of Worcefter, to the Worcefter and Birmingham canal, now making at or near Selly Oak, in the faid county; and alfo certain collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

CAP. CXXIT.

An ad for ereding and making a pier and harbour in the Cove of Trevau-nance, in the parilh of Saint Agnes, in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. CXXIIL

An ad for enlarging, deepening, cleanfing, improving, and regulating the harbour of Carnarvon, in the county of Carnarvon.

CAP. CXXIV.

-An ad for rebuilding the Tron church of the city of Glafgow ; for opening certain ftreets ; for removing obftrudions in the Trongate ft ret t; for building a bridge over the river Clyde, oppolite to the Salt Market Street; for regulating the weight and meafure of coals, and the mode of carrying wood and timber on the ftreets of the faid city ; for enlarging

the

Hosted by GoOglc

366 Anno regnitricesimotertioGEORGri III. c. 125—127. [1793^

the gaol or tollbooth there ; and for felling part of the High or Calton Green* and alfo the glebe belonging to the inner high church, and parilh of Glafgow.

CAP. CXXV.

An aft for enlarging, deepening, cleanfing, improving, and regulating, the harbour of Amlwch, in the ifle of Anglefey.

CAP. CXXVI.

An aft for amending an aft made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of filything, in the county of Suffolk, and for granting fome further powers and provilions for carrying the fame more effectually into execution.

CAP. CXXVII.

An aft for repealing an aft, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for enlarging the charitable life, extending the objefts, and regulating the application of the rents and profits of the eftates given by fir William Harpur, knight, and dame Alice his wife, for the benefit of the poor, and other objefts of charity, of the town of Bedford ; and for the better management and difpofition of the laid eftates* and the rents and profits thereof.

AN

Hosted by



A N

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

T O T H E

FIRST PART OF the XXXIXth VOLUME

O F T H E

STATUTES at LARGE;

Faffed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George III.; in the Year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, being the third Seffion of the feventeenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the thirteenth Day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and ended by Prorogation on the twenty-firft Day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three.

A.

Aberdare, Glamorganfiiire.

gEECanals, Navigable. Chap.95.

Abernant, Glamorganjhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 95.

Accounts, Publick.

1,068/. 4J. i (Tued to Jofeph White efquire, for land tax on falaries of the officers for auditing publick. accounts* Chap. 72.

Addrejfes by the Houfe of Commons.

37*657/. 17J. 3d. granted to make good the fame. Chap. 72*

Africa.

13,000/. granted for forts there. Chap. 72.

Agents for Prizes.

See Seamen. Chap. 66.

Aliens.

1.	Matters of vettels to give to the officers of the cuftoms at the port of arrival a written declaration, fpecifying the names, See. of foreigners on board, on penalty of 10/. Chap. 4.

2.	Aliens arriving after Jan. 10,1793, to give to the port officer of the cuftoms a written declaration of their names, rank, &c, and to obtain a certificate of their declarations, but this a£t not to extend to mariners certified by the matter to belong to the fhip. Same aeff, f. 3,

3.	Arms, Sic, attempted to be imported by aliens (except as merchandize) to be feized by officers of the cuftoms. Same a6t, f. 6.

4.	When the King in council (hall direct that aliens of any defcription fhall not be landed, or only at pre-feribed places, matters of vettels offending liable to the penalty of 5c/. for every alien landed contrary thereto, and the veffel, Sic. forfeited. Same a<Tt, f. 7.

5.	No aliens to depart from the place

of

 

368	Ali

of arrival, without a paffport from the mayor or a judice of the peace. Chap. 4. f. 8*

6.	Aliens (except domedick fervants of natural born fubjeds, &c.) arrived finct Jan. i, 1792,01- arriving during the continuance of this ad, defiroiis to change their place of abode, mud: obtain a paflport from a magidrate; but magidrates may grant padports to alien merchants to pafs to and from all parts of the kingdom. Same ad, \\ 9.

7.	Magidrates may require any alien to exhibit his paflport, and in certain cafes may detain him until his Majefty’s commands be received ; and if bis Majedy fhall not dire<51 him to be di(charged or to depart the realm, the magidrate may commit him to prifon. Same ad, f. 11.

8.	Aliens whom his Majedy fliall not order to be difeharged, (hall on convidion be imprifoned, &c. and persons convicted of forging, or altering padports or certificates, to be imprifoned lix months. Same ad, f. 12.

9.	Notice of the regulations contained in this ad to be printed in different languages, and affixed up at the ports, and delivered to foreigners at their arrival. Samead,f. 14.

10.	Aliens not departing the realm, when ordered by his M^edy’s proclamation, may be committed to gaol, and the fecretary of date may grant warrants to condud out of the kingdom aliens he (hall apprehend, that will not obey the proclamation. Same ad, f. 15.

11.	His Majedy may order any alien, arrived Cnee Jan. 1, 1792, to re-fide in fuch didrid as he (hall think proper. Same ad, f. 18.

12.	Aliens in the kingdom on Jan. 10, 1793, who arrived Cnee Jan. 1, 1792, or thofe arriving after Jan. 10, 1793, ro deliver ten days after their arrival an account of their

Ali

names, place of abode, &c. and magidrates may commit to prifon aliens negleding to give accounts, or giving falfe ones. Same ad, f. 19.

13.	Magidrates may fummon aliens iufpeded of not having given accounts, and may aired them for non-compliance. Same ad, f. 20.

14.	Magidrates may require ofhoufe-keepers an account of the names, &c. of aliens refuling with them, on penalty of 50/. for negled. Same ad, f. 21.

15.	Copies of accounts delivered to cudom houfe officers, and pad-ports, and certiCcates granted by magidrates, to be tranfmitted to one of the fecretaries of date. Same’ad:, f. 22.

16.	Judges of the courts at JVejlmin-Jler may admit aliens to bail, and alfo any judice of the peace au-thorifed by the fecretary of date. Same ad, f. 23.

17.	Aliens within ten days after their arrival to give an account of all weapons,ammunition,&c. in their pofleffion, and deliver up the fame to a magidrate, and on convidion of negleding to give, or giving a falfe account, to be adjudged to depart out of this realm, and ma-giftrates may require aliens red-dent in their jurifdidions, or pairing through the fame, to deliver up weapons, &c, Same ad, f. 25.

18.	Secretary of date, 6cc. may grant warrants for fearching the houfes of aliens, &c. for weapons, &c. and may require from houfekeepers where aliens lodge an account of weapons, &c. therein, on penalty of 100/. Same ad, f. 27.

19.	His Majedy may fend out of the realm any alien committed to gaol, and if found therein (hall be adjudged to be tranfported for life. Same ad, f. 29.

20.	No foreign ambafladors or theirj attendants. See. to be deemed aliens, and this ad not to extend

to

 

3 69

Ami

to aliehs under fourteen years of age. Chap. 4. f. 33. fci. Certificates, pafTports, &c. to be given gratis, and if* loft, frefh ones may be granted. Same aft, f. 35.

2i.	Perfons adjudged to be tranf-ported, to be fent to fuch places as the King in council (hall appoint, and if found within the realm to luffer death. Same aft, f. 37.

23.	No Certiorari allowed, and parties appealing to give fix days notice, andjuftices in fefiions may award cofts. Same aft, f. 39.

24.	Parifhioners may be witnefles, though part of the penalty given to the poor of the parifh. Same aft, f- 43-

25.	This aft continued to Jan. 1,

J794*

America.

See Pitch. Chap. 50. SztTobacco. Chap. 50.

American Colonies.

No goods (except thofe enumerated) to be imported in foreign vef-fels from American colonies belonging to foreign European dates, on penalty of forfeiture of the goods and veffeJ; but rum of Britijb iflands, imported negroes, &c. may be exported from the faid ports to fuch colonies. Chap. 50. f. 3.

American Sufferers.

1.	218,041/. 7s. 4d. for part of orders made out purfuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. for relief of American fufferers. Chap. 72.

2.	58,500/, 17;. 6d. for the fame pur-pofe, purfuant to 30 Geo. 3. c.

34.	Same aft,

3.	26,000/. iflued to Thomas Cotton efquire, for relief of American fuf-ferets. Same aft.

Amlwch, Angle fey.

See Harbours. Chap. 125.

Yol. XXXIX.

Aqu

Ancholme, River.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 114.

Anglefey, IJle of.

A drawback of duties on coals ufed in fmelting copper and lead ores, and in fire engines, for draining out of the copper and lead mines in the ifle of Anglefey. Chap. 81.

Annuities.

See Conjolidated Annuities: Chap, 28. See India (Eafl) Company. Chap*. 47*

Antigua.

See Importation and Exportation. Chap. 50.

1.	The legality of the importation into Antigua of goods intended to be exported, to be proved to the cuftom houfe officer. Same aft, f- 5-

2.	No goods of the growth of Europe, or places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, to be exported from Antigua to any Britif) colony in America or the Weft Indies, under penalty of forfeiture. Same aft, f. 6.

See Jamaica. Same aft, f. 7.

Appeals.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 38. See Churches. Chap.45. See Societies, Friendly. Chap. 54. f. 2 r. SzCJuftices of the Peace. Chap. 55.

Apprentices.

See Juflices of the Peace. Chap. 55,

Aqua Vitce.

See Scotland. Chap. 69.

B b	Arunde	I

 

370

Ban

Arundel Port, See Harbours. Chap. joo.

Arun River.

See Harbours. Chap. ioo.

AJfeJfment.

The additional duty of 10/. per cent, upon every affeffment of rates and duties under the management of the commifiioners for the affairs of taxes (except land tax and the duty on houles) impofed by ad 31 Geo. 3. c. 5. made perpetual. Chap. 28.

B.

Bahama IJlands.

4,250/. granted for the civil efta-blithment there* Chap. 72.

Bank cf England.

1.	To enable the governor and company of the bank of England to purchafe certain houfes and ground contiguous to the bank of England. Chap. 15.

2.	For preventing forgeries and frauds in the transfers of the feveral funds transferrable at the bank of England. Chap. 30.

3.	Perfons making transfers of flocks in any other names thantheowners, or forging or affifting in forging transfers, &c. and persons making or affifting in making of falfe entries in the books of the bank of England, &c. guilty of felony. Same a cf.

4.	Clerks of the bank making out or delivering, after May ic, 1793, falfe dividend warrants, to be tranfported for fouiteen years. Same ad, f. 4.

See Exchequer Bills. Chap. 32.

Ber

Barnjley, Yorkfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. no.

Bafingftoke, Hampshire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. iff.

Bajlards.

See Societies, Friendly. Chap. 54. f. 25.

Bath, City of.

See Paving. Chap. 89.

Bedford Charity.

For repealing an act for enlarging the charitable ufes, extending the ob-jeds, and regulating the application of the rents and profits of the eftates given by fir William Harpury knight, and dame Alice his wife, for the benefit of the poor, and other objects of charity of the town of Bedford, and for the better management and difpofition of the faid eftates, and the rents and profits thereof. Chap. 127.

Beer and Ale.

1.	Common brewers may brew table beer above 6r. and under 13;. per barrel, under the regulations of ad 22 Geo. 3. c. 68. Chap. 23.

2.	The allowances not to be made, nor the drawback granted for table beer above 6s. and under 13;. per barrel. Same ad, f. 2.

3.	Regulations of former ads extended to this ad. Same ad, f. 4,

Bengal.

See India (Eajl) Company. Chap. 52.

Berkeley, Gloucefterjhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 97.

Bermuda, or Somers Iflands. 580/. granted for the falary of the chief jtiftice there. Chap. 72.

Bethnal

 

Can

371

Bre

Bethnal Green, Middlefex.

See Paving. Chap. 88.

Bingham, Nottinghamjhire.

See Catiah, Navigable. Chap. 94.

Birmingham.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 38.

Bifhop, Sir William,	Company.

See Maidjlone Geneva. Chap. 59.

Blackwater River, Efjex.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 93.

Blything Hundred, Suffolk.

See Poor. Chap. 126.

Bombay.

See India (Eafi) Company. Chap, 52.

Bounties on Exportation.

See	Chap.	56.

Brandy.

The additional duty on brandy by aft 31 Geo. 3. c. 1. made perpetual. Chap. 28.

See Excife. Chap. 59.

Braunjlon, Northamptonfhire.

See Canals> Navigable. Chap. 80.

Bread.

Provifo, limiting the time of con-viflion in f. 41. of 21 Geo. 2. c. 29. repealed, and profecution to be commenced within 7 days. Chap. 37.

Brecknock,Town of.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 96,

Brewers.

See Beer and Ale. Chap. 23.

Bridges.

For building a bridge over the river Derwent, near	ferry,	in

the eaft riding of Yorkjhire. Chap.

106.

Briftol.

See Militia. Chap. 8. f. 9.

Bubwith Ferry,	.

See Bridges. Chap. 106.

c.

Caicos IJlands.

g EE Sugar. Chap. 50. f. 10.

Caijlor, Lincolnfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 114;

Caithnefhire, Scotland.

See Scotland. Chap. 120.

Calcutta.

See India (Eajl) Company. Chap. 52.

Cana da, Upper.

1.	6,700/. granted for the civil efta-blilhment there. Chap. 72.

2.	13,800/. 151. iffued for gratuities to fettlers mUpper Canada. Same aft.

Canals, Navigable.

1.	For effe&ually carrying into execution an aft for making a navigable canal from Bafingjloke, in the county of Southampton, to communicate with the river	in

Surrey, and to the fouth eait fide B b 2	of

Hosted by C Dgle

372	Can

of the turnpike road in the parifh of Turgijs, in the fa id5 county of Southampton* Chap, 16.

2* The like of an adt for making and maintaining a navigable communication between Stowmarket and Ipfwich in Suffolk. Chap. 20.

3.	To enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Manchejier to A/hton-under-Lyne and Oldham, to extend the faid canal. Chap. 21.

4.	For making and maintaining a navigable canalfrom the Sakisford, in the parifh of Saint Mary in Warwick^ to Birmingham. Chap. 38.

5.	The like from the Oxford canal navigation at Braunfion, in North-amptonjhire, to join the river Thames at Brentford in Middlefex. Chap. 80.

6.	The like from the river Severn at

Shrew fury, to the river Merfey near	Nether pool,	in Chcjhire.

Chap. 9[.

7.	The like of a navigable communication between Chelmsford, or fome part of the parifh of Spring.

in EJJex, and a place called Colliers' Reach, near the river Black-water in the faid county. Chap.93.

8.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Grantham in Lincolnfme, to the river Trent near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and a collateral cut near Cropivcll Butler to Bingham, in Not ting hamfhire* Chap. 94.

9.	Tire like from the Glamorganfhire canal, to the village of Aberdare in Glamorgarfnre, and for making and maintaining a rail-way or ftone road from thence to Abcrnant in the parifh of Cadoxtorejuxta Neath in the faid county. Chap. 95.

ic, The like from the town of Brecknock, to tlie Mon mouthflme canal, near Boutypool in Monmouthfhire, and for making and maintaining rail-ways and ftene roads from fuch 'canal to kvcral it on works

Can

and mines In Brecknock and Mon* mouihjhires* Chap. 96.

11.	The like from the river Severn, near Gloucefler, into a place called Berkeley Pill, in the parifh of Berkeley, and alfo a cut near Berkeley in Gloucejterfhire. Chap. 97.

12.	For making and maintaining a navigation from Leiccjlir, to communicate with the river Nen at Northampton. Chap. 98.

13.	The like of a navigable communication from the junction of the river Fofs with the river Oufe, near York, to Stillington Mill, in the parifh of Stillington, in the north riding of Yorkfhire, and for draining and improving certain low lands, lying on each fide of the faid river Fofs. Chap. 99.

14.	The like of a navigable canal from the river Trent, near Swark-Jlone Bridge, through Derby, to

Little Eaton, with a cut to join the Erewafo canal near Sandiacre, and for making rail-ways from fuch canal to feveral collieries in tire parilhesorlibertiesof Denby, Horfey and Smalley, all in Derbyflnre. Chap. 102.

15.	The like of a navigable cut or canal from the Mellon Mowbray navigation, in Leiceferfnre, to Oakham in Rutlandfhire. Chap. 103.

16.	The like of a navigable canal from Loch Gilp, to Loch Crinan, in Arg) Ilf me* Chap. 104.

17.	The like of a navigable cut or canal from Hammerfde Hill, in the parifh of ZJiverft one, in Lancafbire, to IVcint End near diver ftone afore-faid. Chap. 105.

18.	To alter and amend an a61 for a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in JVcftmor eland, to TVeJi Houghton, in Lancafbire, and for making a navigable branch from the laid canal near Gal gate, to GlaJJoti Dock, in Lancafhire, Chap. 107.

19.	For making and maintaining a

navigable

Hosted by



Chu

373

Can

navigable canal from the river Caller, in the townfhip of Warm-field cum Heath, near Barn [ley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the townfhip of Cawthorne, in the weft riding of Torkjhire. Chap, j io. ,

20.	The like from the collieries at Shipley and Wejlhallam, in Derby-foire, to the Erewajh canal, in the parifh of Stanton by Dale, in the faid county. Chap, hi,

21.	The like from the Worcef.er and Birmingham canal navigation, in the pari(h of King's Norton, into Stratford upon Avon. Chap. 112.

22.	The like from the north end of the Shr op foire canal, in the townfhip of Rockwardine Wood, in Shrcp-Jhire to Shrewfbury. Chap. 113.

23.	The like from the river Ancholme, in the pari fh of South Kelfey, into the pari fh of Caiftorfn Lincoln jhire. Chap. 114.

24.	The like from the river Dun navigation cut, in the townfhip of Swinflon, to or near the town of Barn [ley, in the parifh of Silkjlone, in the weft riding of Torkjhire. Chap. 115.

25.	The like from the river Dun navigation cut, near Stainforth, in the weft riding of Torkfoire, to join and communicate with the river Trent, near Keadby, in Lincolnfhire, and alfo a collateral cut to join the faid river Dun, in the parifh of Thorne, in the faid riding. Chap. 117.

26.	To vary and extend the line of the canal authorifed to be made by an a<5t for a navigable canal from Hereford to Gloucejler, with a collateral cut to Neivent, in cejlerJhire. Chap. 119.

27.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Dudley canal in Wo reeferJhire, to the Worcejler and Birmingham canal, now making near Selly Oak, in the faid county. Chap. 121.

Cape Breton, IJle of.

1,800/. granted for the civil efta-blifhment of the iiland of Cape Breton, in America. Chap. 72.

Carnarvon.

See Harbours. Chnp. 123.

CertificateSi

See Societies, Friendly. Chap. 54,f. j 7,

Chelmsford, Ejfex.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 93.

Chefter, County Palatine of.

See Wales. Chap. 68.

Chorley, Lancajhire.

See Churches. Chap. 24.

Churches.

1.	For feparating the chapels of Chorley and Ruff or d, from the parifh of Croflon, in Lane a foire, and for making them two diftinct parifh churches. Chap. 24.

2.	For enlarging the powers and ren* dering more effectual an a St for rebuilding Paddington church, in Middiefex. Chap. 43,

3.	For taking down and rebuilding the tower of the parifh church of Han bury, in Worcejler Jhire, and for repairing the faid church. Chap.45.

4.	P'or amending and enlarging an act for rebuilding the parifh church of All Saints, in Southampton. Chap. 101.

Church Yards.

For enlarging the church yard or cernetry of the parifh church of Saint

Mary,Ijlington,inMiddlefex. Chap.87.

B b 3	Clanton,

 

374

Con

Claxton, Robert.

To enable Robert Claxton, of Briftol, merchant, to take the oath prefcribed to be taken by 26 Geo. 3. c. 60. for the further increafe and encouragement of fhipping and navigation. Chap. 41.

Coals. -

See Scotland. Chap. 69. See Angle-fey, IJle of. Chap. 81. See Leeds, Torkjhire. Chap. 86.

Coffee.

See Sugar. Chap. 50. f. io.

Collier*s Reach, EJfex.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 93.

Commiffioners for Affairs of India. See India (Eafl) Company. Chap. 52.

Commiffioners for lending Exchequer Bills.

Cor

confolidated fund, Jan. 5, 1793, to be ifllied towards the fupply of the prefent year. Saule ad.

Conflahles.

See Jufices of the Peace. Chap. 55.

Convidls.

1.	11,021/. 4s. 5d. iflued to Duncan Campbell efq; for convids on the river Thames. Chap. 72.

2.	12,407/. is. 4\d. iffued to James Bradley efq; for convids in Lang-/lone and Portfmouth harbours. Same ad.

Copper Ore.

See Anglefey, Ife of. Chap. 81.

Copper, Virginal Wire of.

On importation of virginal wire of copper per hundred weight.

Duty 7/. 6s. 11 d.

Drawback 61. 12s. id.

Chap. 70. f. 3.

Corn and Grain.

See Exchequer Bills. Chap. 29. 51.

Commons, Houfe of.

1 ^453/. 165. 4\d. iffued to the marquis of Salijbury for work done at the houfe of commons. Chap. 72.

Confolidated Annuities.

Contributors towards raifing 4,500,000/. for every 72/. entitled to the principal fum of 100/. 3 per cent. confolidated annuities from Jan. 5, 1793. Chap. 28.

Confolidated Fund.

1.	3,464,000/. granted out of the confolidated fund, applied by the appropriation ad, for the fervice of the prefent year. Chap. 72.

2.	4355696/. is. :d. furplus of the

1.,	Until March 1, 1793, all wheat, &c. exported out of Great Britain, or (hipped with that intent, forfeited with the veffel, See. Chap. 3.

f-,3- .

2.	Foreign wheat may be exported, and wheat, Sec. carried coahwife, agreeable to 31 Geo. 3. c. 4. Same ad, f. 4.

3.	The King in council may at any time,during the prefent fefiion, prohibit the exportation of corn, See. and permit the importation of foreign corn, &c. and may permit the carrying coaftwife or exporting corn for the purpofes mentioned in 31 Geo. 3. c. 4. Same ad, f. 5.

4.	Sedions 55 St 56 in 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. repealed. Receiver of corn returns to make up the weekly average prices of corn and oatmeal fold in each of the towns in England,

appointed

Hosted by GoO^lc

* Cor

appointed by 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. and to make 4 times a year the average prices of corn and oatmeal in each diftrict for the laft 6 weeks, and to tranfmit the average prices in each diftricl totheofficersof thecuftoms, as the rule* for exportation, &c. Chap. 65.

5.	Receivers of corn returns to infert in the Gazette the weekly average prices of corn and oatmeal in each county, and the general aggregate prices in England, and the like average prices in Scotland monthly, and in cafe a fufficient number of returns (hall not be made from any diftri&s, the receiver of corn re-

j turns to tranfmit a certificate of the general average prices to the officers of the cuftoms, as the rule for importation and exportation. Same ad, f. 4.

6.	Sedion 70 of 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. repealed. The King in council may prohibit the exportation of corn, &c. or permit the importation, or taking from warehoufes foreign corn, &c. for home con-fumption in certain cafes; but permiffion for importing corn, &c. to continue 3 months, and not to prohibit the exportation of foreign corn, &c. warehoufed agreeably to 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. and the King in council may permit the carrying coaftwife, &c. of corn for the pur-pofes mentioned in 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. or this ad, though prohibited to be exported on account of the price being at or above the price mentioned in table (B) of 31 Geo.

3.	c. 30. but corn entered outwards, and begun to be (hipped, may be permitted to be exported, and orders in council to be laid before parliament. Same ad, f. 6f

7.	From July 15, 1793, no articles in table (A) of 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. to be carried coaftwife from any port where exportation is allowed without bouqty, to any port where

c°f 375

bounty is allowed, on penalty of forfeiture; and malt may be carried coaftwife from ports where exportation is not allowed by 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. to ports where it may be exported, and from ports where exportation is allowed without bounty to ports where bounty is allowed, &c. and feed corn may be carried coaftwife, and oath to be made it is feed corn, and bond given that it fhall not be ufed for any other purpofe, on forfeiture of treble the value. Samead, f. ir.

8.	When oatmeal fhall be under igs. per boll, a bounty of is. and 6d. to be paid on exportation, but not to be exported when at or above 14;. except as fet forth in table (C) of 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. land when the prices of corn, &c, fhall be at or above the prices in table (B) of 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. 500 tons of wheat or flour, and icoo quarters of oats, &c. may be exported yearly to Hud-Jons Bay, and alfo 21 tons of wheat, flour or oatmeal, and 25 quarters of barley and peas to Sierra Leone, and in cafes of war, &c. the King in council may allow additional quantities to be exported. Same ad, f. 15.

9.	Sheriff and flew3rt deputes in Scotland to charge their acfual ex-pences, and corn, &c. may be imported and conveyed from Borrova-llonefs through the Forth and Clyde canal to the well coa(l of Scotland, on payment of the low duties. Same ad:, f. 20.

Cornwall, Dutchy of.

See Wales, Prince of. Chap. 78. •

Cotton.

See Flax and Cotton. Chap. 40.

Cojts, Double.

See Aliens, Chap* 4*

B b 4	Co/ls,

 

376	Deb

Ccjis, Treble.

See Bank of England. Chap. 15.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 38.

See Churches, Chap. 45. See Church

Yards. Chap. 87. See Exchequer

Bills. Chap. 29. See Fifh and Fiflxry.

Chap 42. See France. Chap. 1.

See Hemlingford Hundred. Chap. 39,

See Lottery. Chap. 62. Set Paving.

Chap. 25. 83. 85. 88, 89, 90.

Croflon, Lancafhire.

See Churches. Chap. 24.

Cujloms.

1.	Officers of the cuftoms to examine goods damaged on the voyage, and make a proportionable allowance out of the duties. Chap. 70. r. 5.

2.	Commiffioners of the cufloms and excife may fell condemned veffels to be ufed as privateers. Same a cl, f. 6.

D.

Dailey,

500/. iffued to	Dalley, for

charges in executing act 29 Geo. 3.

c. 64. Chap. 72.

Debtors.

1.	Perfons charged in execution for fums not exceeding 300/. entitled to the benefit of ad! 32 Geo. 2. c.,

28.	Chap. 5.

2.	Perfons now in execution for fums exceeding 100/. and not exceeding 300/. making application before the end of Eafter term, intitled to relief. Same adl, f. 2.

3.	Debtors in execution for fums not exceeding 300/. may be compelled to deliver up their effedts. Same aft, f. 3.

Dra

4.	Perfons committed on attachments for not paying money awarded 'by arbitration, &c. intitled to the benefit of this adl. Same ad!, f. 4.

5.	This adt not to extend to debts due to the crown, and to continue in force 5 years. Same ad!, f. 5.

Debts, Small.

To repeal fo much of an ad! made 20 Geo. 3. as relates to the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the parifhes of Hallifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guifeley, Calvcrley, Bat Icy, Birfall, Mir field, Hartijbead cum Clifton, Jlmondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirk bur ton, and Hudderf-field, and the lordfhip odFong, in the weft riding of Yorkffoire. Chap. 84.

Derby, Town of.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 102.

Difkillers.

See Scotland. Chap. 61.69.

Dominica, If and 0/.

See Jamaica. Chap. 50. f. 7. 600/. granted to the chief juftice there. Chap. 72*

Double Cofts.

See Cojls, Double.

Draining.

I:. For draining, dividing, inclofing, and improving all the moor lands in the townfhips of Rednefs and Swine feet, in the parifh of Whit-gift, in the weft riding of Yorkfkire. Chap. 108.

2.	For draining, preferving, and improving certain landsin theparifhes of Spalding (including the hamlets of Cozvbit and Peakkill) Wef or;, Moulton, JVhaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Saint Nicholas, otherwife Lutton5

 

Exc

377

Lutton,all in Couth Holland, in Lincolnjhire. Chap. 109.

3.	For embanking and draining certain fait marfhes and low lands within the parifhes of Spotting, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeacb and Gedney, in Lincolnjhire, and for preventing the fame marfhes and lands from being overflowed with the fea, and for altering an ad! for dividing and inclofing the commons, marfhes, droves, waflelands and grounds, in the parifh of Gedney and hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in Lincolnjhire. Chap. 116.

Drawbacks.

See Sugar. Chap. 56. See Figs. Chap. 70.

Dudley Canal, JVorceJlerJhire♦

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 121.

Dun River, Torkjhire.

$3ee Canals ^Navigable. Chap.i 15.117.

Durham, County Palatine of.

See Wales. Chap. 68.

E.

Eaft India Annuities.

SEE India (Eaft) Company, Chap. 47*

Eajl India Camp any*

See India {Eajl) Company.

Eajl Indies.

See \ndia {Eajl) Company. Chap. 52.

Equator.

See	Whale*	Chap, 58.

Exchequer Bills.

1.	The treafury empowered to raife

2,000,000/. by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year 1793. Chap. 17.

2.	2,000,coo/, more for the fame year. Chap. 18.

3.	5,000,000/. exchequer bills, to be iflued for the purpofes of this adt. Chap. 29.

4.	Exchequer bills of 100/. 50/. and 20/. each may be iflued and bear an in ter eft of 2 {d. per cent. per diem, and payable on Sept. 30, and Dec. 30, 1793, and March 31* and June .30, 1794, and fuch bills to be received in payment of taxes* Same act.

5.	Commiflioners appointed to advance and lend exchequer bills to merchants, &c. in Great Britain, and may meet and appoint officers, adminifler oaths, &c. and officers to take no other reward than their falaries. Same ad!, f. 5.

6.	Treafury to iflue money for defraying the charges in the execution of this ad!; of which an account is to be laid before parliament. Same ad!, f. 9,

7.	Perfons giving falfe evidence* guilty of perjury. Same adt, f, 10.

8.	Commiflioners to receive applications in writing for the loan of exchequer bills, and to certify the amount immediately wanted, and the treafury to iflue exchequer bills agreeably to certificates of the com-miflioners, and applications to be clafTed and regulations eftablifhed for apportioning the fums to be advanced, he. Same ad!, f. 11.

9.	Commiflioners to give to persons to whom bills fhall be apportioned certificates of the amount, which fhall be a fufficient warrant for their delivery, and bills to bear date when iffued, and commiflioners may appoint days for conflder-ing applications from time to time*

and

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

378	Exc

and the treafury may direct further bills to be iffued, &c. Chap,

29.	f. 13‘

10.	An account of bills payable cn Sept. 30, and Dec 3c, 1793, an^ March31,1794, and nor then iffued, to be delivered to the treafury, who may direct a like number of bills to be made out in lieu thereof, and lifts of exchequer bills made out to be delivered to the commiflioners. Same a6f, ft 15.

11.	Perfons to whom bills {hall be advanced, to enter into fecurity, and commiflioners may advance bills on wares lodged in the King’s warehoufes, &c. Same a6l, f. 17,

J2. Officers of the cuftoms or excife at Brtjlol, Hull, Liverpool, Glafgow, Edinburgh and Leith, to receive depofits, and tranfmir certificates thereof to the commifiioners, and duties or depofits thall not be demanded on warehoufe room for tobacco while warehoufed under this a6f, and commifiioners may advance bills on merchandize deposited in warehoufes belonging to the Eaft India company without its being removed. Same a6t, f. 21.

13,	No bills to be iffued without fureties for double the fum advanced, and commiflioners to provide warehoufes for fecuring merchandize depofited,and appoint officers to take care thereof, See, and may change fecurities, and order depofits to be redelivered, and persons depofiting wares to infure them if required by the com mif-fioners. Same a6b, f. 24.

14.	Principal fums of exchequer bills, with intereft, to be repaid by in-ftallments, and if not duly paid, the commiflioners may order a part of the depofits to be fold, and the produce paid into the bank, and in cafe of default in due payment, where depofits have not been made, the commiflioners to direct

Exc

the fureties to be proceeded againft, &c. Same a61. f. 28.

15.	In proceedings againft obligors, no writ of Scire facias requifite, &c. Same a<3, f. 29.

16.	After due payment of fums ad^ vanced with intereft, obligations to be cancelled, and inftallments may be paid in money or exchequer bills, and the commiflioners may authorife the bank to employ monies paid in purchafe of exchequer bills. Same aft, ft 30.

17.	Procefs may iffue againft principals for the benefit of fureties, &c, and depofits to be vefted in com-miflioners, who may fue and be fued in the name of their fecretarv, and feven commiflioners may a6I. Same a6f, f. 34.

18.	The bank to open an account with the commiflioners, and the commifiioners to grant certificates of bills advanced, and the bank on produ61ion of fuch certificates to give receipts for the principal fums therein coutainedand intereft, and when money (hall be levied by fale of depofits, &c. tiie commiflioners to deliver to the officer a like certificate, on produdlion of which the banl$ to give a receipt for the money, and receipts to be entered and attefted by the commiflioners, which ftiall be a difeharge. Same a 61, ft 37.

19.	Money paid into the bank to be from time to time paid into the exchequer, and kept apart, and fub-je61 to the ufes mentioned in this a61, and the treafury to caufe accounts to be taken of exchequer bills when payable, and of the money in the exchequer to difeharge them, and deficiences to be made good out of the confolidated

x fund, and the bank may advance money on the credit of this a61. Same acl, f. 38.

20.	Commiflioners to give an account

of

 

,	Exc

of .their proceedings to the treafury, and the major part of the commiffioners may fill up vacancies by death, &c. with the confent of the treafury, and commiffioners may receive and fend letters portage free, and depofits fold not liable to the auction duty. Chap. 29. f. 43.

21.	To enable his Majefty to raile 1,500,000/. by loans or exchequer bills any time before Jan. 5, 1794, and the bank may advance money for payment of bills of exchange accepted by diredion of the com-miflioners of the treafury and payable at the bank. Chap. 32,

22.	Commiffioners under 33 Geo, 3. c. 29. may lend exchequer bills to persons on the property of others, with confent of the owners, and may take negotiable fecurities,&c. as an additional fecurity above the fecurity required by 33 Geo. 3. c. 29. and partners to give a pro-mifiory note for fuch fum as the commiffioners (hall dired, and the fecretary may fue upon the notes. Chap. 51.

23.	Commiffioners may annul obligations prior to this ad,- and take new ones, and partners’ ertates liable for advances made them on the fecurity of others, &c. Same ad, f 4.

24.	Commiffioners may advance exchequer bills to the incorporated banks in Scotland, and take as additional fecurity heritable fecurities or ertates in Scotland or alignments

_	O

thereof. Same ad, f. 6.

25.	If fecurities give additional (ecu-rity, and payment of loan be made in confequence thereof, it (hall entitle the furety to remedy againft the original debtor and the co-fureties, and if perfons,not obligees, give further fecurity and like payment be made, the party making it (hall be entitled to the fame remedy as if he had been a furety, and in eafe of fuch payment in

Exc	379

confequence of additionalfecurities> the obligation of principal debtors, and additional fecurities given by them, to remain as fecurities, &c. Same act, f. 8.

26.	Commiffioners to provide ware-houfes within 10 miles of London* Same a<5f, f. 9.

27.	Commiffioners to receive applications for loans not under 2,000/. on tender of a depofit of double the fum applied for. Same ad,f. 10.

28.	Provirtons applying to commif-fions of bankrupt to extend to fe-queftration againft eftates of bankrupts in Scotland. Sameaft, f. 11.

29.	Depofits in the cuftody of officers of curtoms or excife, according to 33 Geo. 3. c. 29. to be deemed a depofit by this ad. Same ad, f. 12.

30.	Securities of persons becoming bankrupts in England to be forfeited, and the.claims of the commiffioners to be firft paid, and alfo in Scotland, and commiffioners may accept fecurity for fums due from, bankrupts and provifional fecuiity from the affignees of fureties, which (hall be void on payment of the money due by the principal debtor, &c. but a releafe of eftate on effects of bankrupts not to difebarge other fecurities. Same ad, f. 13,

31.	If principal debtors do not pro** duce other fecurities, or pay half the fum for which bankrupt fureties were bound, procefs may be ifiued againftthem for it, and commiffioners may apply for commif-fions of bankrupt or fequeftration. Same ad, f. 18.

32.	Commiffioners of bankrupt, &c. to admit proof of debt upon the oath of persons appointed by the commiffioners under 33 Geo. 3. c. 29. but this ad not to delay the execution of commiffion of bankrupt. Same ad, f. 20.

33.	Obligations under 33 Geo. 3. c. 29. or this ad, not liable to (lamp duty, and provisions of this ad to

extend

i Fra

3 Bo	Fir

extend to 33 Geo. 3. c. 29. and exchequer bills made payable on Dec. 31, 1793, t0 deemed payable on Dec. 30. Chap. 51. f. 22.

34* 3,500,000/. granted to pay off exchequer bills tori 792. Chap. 72.

35* 2 ,000,000/- more for the fame purpofe. Same aft.

Exeter.

See Militia. Chap. 8. f. 8.

Excife.

j. The additional duties of excife by 31 Geo. 3. c. 1. made perpetual. Chap. 28.	!

2- Additional duties of excife imposed by 31 Geo. 3. c. 1. on fpirits idq-ported into Great Britain, continued to Jpnl5, 1795. Chap. 59.

See Scotland. Chap. 61. 69.

F.

Fencible gEE	Scotland^.Chap. 36,

Figs.

Adi 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. fo far as relates to the allowance tor damage of figs repealed, and alfo the duties on importation and drawbacks on exportation of figs, and in lieu thereof the following to be paid.

If imported in a Britijb-built fhip the 100 weight 105. duty, drawback, 95. 2d.

If imported in a foreign fhip,i05.6d. duty, drawback, 95. 2d. Chap.70.

Fines.

See JuJUces of the Peace. Chap. 55.

Fire Engines.

See Anglefeyy Ijle of Chap. 8.

Fifh and Fifhery.

For incorporating the company of free fifilers and dredgers of Whit-liable in Kentr and for better ordering the fifiiery. Chap. 42.

Fifhery, Whale.

See India (Eqfl) Company. Chap. 52. r. 77.

To allow fhips carrying on the fouthern whale fifhery to the north of [he equator, the fame premium as they are now entitled to if they do not pafs the equator. Chap. 58.

Flax and Cotton.

Acl 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. for the encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, revived and continued to March 25, 1796. Chap. 40.

Forgery.

See Bank of England. Chap. 30.

Fofs River, Ycrkfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. * Chap. 99.

France.

1.	PromifTory notes, orders, undertakings or obligations iflued under any publick authority in France, void in any payment within this realm,andafter ^>7.5,1793, persons paying fuch notes to forfeit not more than 201, nor lefs than 5/. for each note. Chap. 1.

2.	If persons liable to the payments of fuch notes fhall refufe for 10 days after, juftices may hear the complaint, and award cofls. Same acl. f. 3.

3.	During the prefent war any resident in Great Britain fupplying, &c. for the purpofe of beingTent to France, &c. any of the articles enumerated in this a#* without

licence

 

Gre

Ged

licence from the King, to be deemed a traitor. Chap. 27.

4.	Any reddent in Great Britain buying any lands, &c. in France, or places annexed thereto, or lending moneyforthat purpofe,tobedeemed a traitor ; as alfo any fubjedt of his Majefty, out of his Majefty’s dominions, who on his return to Great Britain fhall be convidted of fuch offence. Same adl, f. 2.

5.	Subjedts going from Great Britain to France, without his Majefty’s licence, &c. liable to imprifon-ment. Same adf, f. 3.

6.	Infurances made by persons refi-dent in Great Britain on fhips belonging to France, or on arms, &c. going there, to be void, and the offenders liable to imprifonment; but not to extend to infurance on goods the growth of Tobago, or on their voyage there, and the property of his Majefty’s fubjedls. Same acl, f. 4.

7.	Judges of the courts at Wejlminfler may admit offenders to bail, and offences againft this adt may be tried in any county in England or Scotland, and offenders intitled to the benefit of 7 William 3. c. 3. and 7 Ann. c. 21. but this adt not to extend to adis done in his Majefty’s fervice. Same adl, f. 5.

Friendly Societies.

See Societies, Friendly. Chap. 54.

G.

Garfton, Lincoln/hire. gEE Salt. Chap. 33.

Gedney? Lincoln/hire•

See Draining. Chap. 109. ri6.

381

General I/fue

See Aliens. Chap. 4. See Bank of England. Chap. 15. See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 38. See Churches, Chap. 45. See Church Yards, Chap. 87. See Exchequer Bills. Chap. 29.

Sez Fijb andFi/bery. Chap. 42. See France. Chap. 1. See Hemlingford Hundred. Chap. 39. See Lottery, Chap. 62. See Paving. Chap. 25. 83. 85. 88, 89, 90.

Glafgow, Scotland.

For rebuilding the Tron church of the city of Glafgow ; for opening certain ftreets; for removingobftrudtions in the Trongate ftreet; for building a bridge over the river Clyde, oppofite to the Salt Market ftreet; for regulating the weight and meafure of coals, and the mode of carrying wood and timber on the ftreets of the faid city; for enlarging the gaol or toll-booth there, and for felling part of the high or Calton Green, and the glebe belonging to the inner high church and parifh of Glafgow,. Chap. 124.

Gloucefler, City of.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 119.

Grantham, Lincoln/hire,

See Canals, Navigable, Chap. 94.

Grants of Parliament.

225,325/. 25. 4d, for deficiency migrants in 1792.

Greenwich Hofpital,

See Seamen. Chap. 66.

Grenada.

See Jamaica. Chap. 50. f. 7.

Hanbury,

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

3^2

Hem

Ind

H.

Hereford.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. iig.

Hanlury, Worcefterfhire. ^EE Churches. Chap. 45*

Harbours.

1.	To explain and amend an ad for erecting piers in, and for repairing and keeping in repair the harbour ofLittlehampton, called Arundel Port, in Suffix, and for impowering the commillioners ading under the faid aft to improve the navigation of the river Arun, from the faid harbour, to the town of Arundel, in the faid county. Chap. 100*

2.	For ereding and making a pier and harbour in the cove of Tre-vaunance, in the parifh of Saint Agnes, in Cornwall. Chap. 122.

3.	For enlarging, deepening, cleanf-ing, improving and regulating the harbour of Carnarvon, in the county of Carnarvon. Chap. 123.

4.	The like of the harbour of y/w-

in the ifle of Angle fey. Chap.

125.

Harpur, S/r William.

See Bedford Charity. Chap. 127.

Haftings, Warren, Efquire.

3,727/. 125. for expences of his trial. Chap. 72.

Hemlingford Hundred, Warwick-Jhire,

For more eafy railing money upon the hundred of Hemlingford, in Warwickfbire, for paying the damages and cofts incurred o,n account of the late riots within the faid hundred, than is authorifed to be done by the laws now in being. Chap. 39.

Elolbeach, Lincolnfhire.

See Draining. Chap. 109. 116.

Hudfon's Bay.

See	J Grain. Chap. 65.

Hydrometer.

So much of ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as direds that all fpirits fhall be deemed of the ftrength denoted by Clarke’s hydrometer, continued to the end of next fefTion of parliament. Chap, 40.

I.

Jamaica.

FOREIGN veffels arriving at the ports in Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, A^zo Providence and Antigua, with goods of the Eajl Indies, See. to be forfeited. Chap. 50- f- 7-

See Importation and Exportation. Same ad.

Importation and Exportation.

From 10, 1793, the goods enumerated may be imported into the port of Antonio in Jamaica and 0/ Saint John’s in Antigua, and exported from thence under regulations; but this ad refpeding the port of John s to be in force until 10, 1797* Chap. 50.

Inclofing.

See Draining. Chap. 108.

f Eaft) Company.

I.	For placing £V;//	annuities

under the management of the bank,

and

Ind

and ingrafting the fame on 3 per ant. reduced annuities in redemption of a debt of 4,200,000/. owing by the publick to the Eaft India company, and for enabling the company to raife a fum of money by a further increafe of their capital (lock to be applied in difcharge of certain debts of the faid company. Chap. 47.

2.	4,200,000/. Eaft India annuities from Auguji 31, 1793, to be tranf-ferred from the management of thzEaft India company to the bank, and confolidated with the 3 per cent, reduced annuities, and power , of redemption by the company annulled, and allowances for management to ceafe. Same ad, f. 1.

3.	Annuitants who (hall not enter their diffents at the bank by Aug. 1, 1793, to be deemed to have affented to the confolidation, but the annuities of fuch as diffent to be continued to be paid by the company and repaid by the bank, and annuities after consolidation to continue liable to the fame ufes as before. Same ad, f. 2.

4.	Transfer books to be (hut by the company on Auguji 1, 1793, and delivered over to the bank, and arrears paid over within 14 days, and the treafury to make an allowance to the bank for management of annuities, and any (hare of annuities retained by the company to be paid them at par antecedent to the determination of their ex-clufive trade. Same ad, f. 5.

5.	The company with confent of the treafury may add 1,000,00ol. to their eapital dock, and fubferibers to be incorporated with the company, and the like dividends to be paid on additional dock as on the prefent. Same ad, f. 8.

6.	Preference in fubferibing to be given to the prefent proprietors not exceeding 50/. per cent, on their capitals, and receipts to be given

O

Ind	383

for depofits which may be affigned, and depofits of defaulters to be forfeited. Same ad, f. 10.

7.	Subfcriptions to be applied in reducing bond debts in Great Britain to 1,500,00c/. and not to be increased without the approbation of the.commifiioners for the affairs of India. Same ad, f. 14.

9}. For continuing in the Eaft India company for a further term the poffeffion of the Eritifh territories in Indio, together with their ex-clufive trade, under certain limitations; for eftablifhing further regulations for the government of the faid territories^ and the better adminidration of judice within the fame; for appropriating to certain ufes the revenues and profits of the faid company, and for making provifian for the good order and government of the towns of CaU cutta, MadraszndBombay. Chap. 52* 9. Territorial acquifitions with the revenues to continue in the pof-fedlon of the Eaft India company for a further time. Same ad, f. 1. I0# The King may appoint commif-fioners for the affairs of India, three may form a board, and theprefident to have the cading vote, and the board may appoint officers, and the falaries of commiffioners and officers to be fixed by the King and paid by the company, but the ■ whole falaries to the commiffioners not to exceed 5000/. annually, and 1000/. yearly for falaries and expences of officers, &c. Same ad, f, 2.

ir. Commiffioners and officers to take an oath. Same ad, f. 6.

12.	Appointments of commiffioners or chief fecretary not to difqualify from being eleded to parliament. Same ad, f. 8.

13 .The board tofuperintend all concerns relating to the civil or military government or revenues in the Eaft Indies, and to have accefs

to

 

384	Ind

to the books of the company. Chap. 52. f. 9.

14.	The Court of directors to deliver to the board copies of all proceedings and of clifparches received relating to the civil or military government or revenues, and orders relating to civil or military government or revenues to be fubmitted to the confideration of the board, who may alter the fame, he. but directors may make re-prefentations touching ordered, or difapproved by the board. Same ad, f. 11.

15.	T he board not to nominate any of the fervants of the company, and if the diredors negled to frame difpatches beyond 14 days afrer requifition, the board may prepare inftrudions, and the diredors fhall forward them to India, and the board to ifle orders relating to the civil or military government, or the revenues only, and if the diredors think they do not relate to them, they may petition the King in council, but the board not to dired the increafe of eftablifhed falsries, unlefs propofed by the di-redors, and laid before parliament, nor to dired any gratuity, but fuch as fhall be propofed by the di-redors, he. Same ad, f. 14.

16.	The board may fend orders to the fecrct committee of diredors, who (hall tranfmit the fame to India > and diredors to appoint a fecrct committee, and d i I patches of the fecret committee to be prepared only by the fecretary, or examiner of India corrcipondence, who fhall take an oath of feerecy. Same ad, f. 19.

iy. Prefidencies in India may fend difpatches to the fecret committee, who fhall deliver them to the board, and orders of the diredors touching the civil or military government, or the revenues', after approbation by the board, not re-

ind

vocable by proprietors. Same a£t^ f. 22.

18.	The. preftdency of Bengal vefted in a governor general and 3coun-fellcrs, and the prefidencies of Fort St, George, and Bombay, are vefted in a governor and 3 counfellors of each, Who are to be fubjed to the controul of the governor general in council, and vacancies of governors and counfellors to be filled up by the diredors, and if they negled to fill up the vacancies, his Majefty may fupply them. Same ad, f. 24.

19.	Diredors may appoint perfonS provifionally to fupply vacancies, but this ad not to vacate appointments already made, and next member of council be commander in chief, to fucceed to the temporary government of a prefidency, unlefs the commander in chief fhall have been provifionally appointed, Same ad. f. 28,

20.	Vacanciesof counfellors, when no fucceffors are on the fpot, to be fupplied by the governor in council from the fenior merchants, and the commander in chief, when not the governor at the prefidency, may by authority of the diredors be the fecond member in council, but the commander in chief in India (not being governor general) while refident at Fort St. George or Bombay, (hall be a member of council^ and if any member fhall be incapable of attending, the governor of the prefidency may call to the council a provifional fuccefTor, &c. Same ad. f. 31.

21.	The King by fign manual, counterfigned by the prefident of the board, may remove any officer or fervant of the company in Indiay but this ad not to preclude the diredors from recalling their officers and fervants, and the departure from India of any governor general, he. with intent to return to

Europe5

 

Lid

E'urdpe, to be deemed a refignation of employment, Sec. and while at the prefidency, no reflgnation of a governor general, &c; valid, except delivered in writing to the fecretary, and upon reflgnation falaries to ceafe. Chap. 52. f. 35.

22,	Councils in the fir ft place to con-iider matters propofed by the governor, who may poftpone any matters propdfed by counfellors, and proceedings to be exprefled to be made by the governor and council, and figned by the fecretary, and the governor general in council at Fort William impowered to fuperintend the other prefidencies, and they are to obey if not repugnant to inftrudions from England. Same ad, f. 38*

2I3. War not to be declared, See, by the governor general in council at Fort William without the command of the directors, Sic. except preparations for hoftilities (hall be made, Sec, arid governments of Fort Saint George or Bomba), not to declare war, Sec. but by orders from Fort Williafri., or the directors, and prefidencies of Fort Saint George and Bombay to fend to Fort William copies of all their orders, &c. Same ad, f. 42.

24.	Governor general and governors may ifTue warrants for fecuiing fufpeded perlbns; Same ad, f. 45.

25.	Governor general, or governors, may order ineaftires propofed in council, about which they differ from the other members, to be adopted or lufpended, Sec. and the governor general, or governors, making any order without the con-fent of the council, refponfible for the fame, and no per foil to ad without the concurrence of the council ofi whom the office of governor general or governor (hall devolve by death, urilefs provisionally appointed. Same ad, f. 47.

26.	The power of the governors of

Vot. XXXIX,

Ind 385

either of the other prefidencies, veiled in the governor general during his ftay in the prefidency, and governor general to nominate a vice prefident to ad during his abfence, but while abfent may if-fue orders to the officers and fer-vants of the other prefidencies, and the diredors, with the approbation of the board, may fufpend the powefsof the governor general to ad upon his own authority. Same ad, f. 52.

27.	Civil fervants to have precedency according to their appointments, and regulations for filling up vacancies in the civil line, and diredors not to fend out more per-fons than neceffary to fupply the complement of the eftablrfhment, and writers and cadets to be not

, lefs than fifteen, nor more than twenty-two. Same ad* f. 56.

28.	Britifh-born fubjeds appointed to receive rents, to take an oath, and receiving gifts to be deemed a mifdemeanor, and the council may order gifts to be reftored, and fines to be given to the profecutor, but counfellors at law, phyiicians. Sec. may take fees in their profef-iions; and negled to execute the orders of the diredors to be deemed a mifdemeanor, as alfo any corrupt bargain for giving up or obtaining any employment, Same ad, f. 61.

29.	His Majefty’s fubjeds amenable to courts of juft ice in India and Great Britain, for offences in the territories of native princes, and no adion to be frayed without the approbation of the board, and the company not to releafe Sentences, orreftore fervants difmificd by fentenees, and no person under the degree of a member of council or commander in chief* wlfo (hall not return to India within 5 years from his leave to depart, lhall be in-titled to rank, &c. Same ad, f. 67.

C c	30.	The



386	Ind

30.	The company to enjoy exclufive trade within the limits mentioned in an adt of 9 Gul. 3. and charter dated September 5, 10 Gul. 3. as alfo all profits, &c. granted by any other adts or charters, freed from conditions of redemption, &c. and on 3 years notice by parliament, after March 1, 1811, and payment of what may be due from the pub-lick to the company, their exclufive trade to ceafe, but their corporation not to be determined, &c. and notice by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons to be deemed notice by parliament. Chap. 52. r. 71.

31.	In cafe of ceffion from the Chi-nefe government of territory, fe-parate from the continent, any of his Majefty’s fubjedts may export Britijb or Irijh manufactures in company’s fbips, and (hips in the fouthern whale fifhery, under 26 Geo. 3. c. 50. and 28 Geo. 3. c. fzo. may fail into the Pacific Ocean by Cape Horn. Same adt, f. 76.

32.	Directors to lay before the board for the affairs of India, regulations for fhips fitted out from the north weft coaft of America, and difpofal of goods contrary thereto to be deemed a mifdemeanor, and any of his Majefty’s fubjedls may export from London to the ports ufed by the company, or any of the civil fervants, or licenfed per-fons in India, may confign to London, in the company’s fhips, any goods, &c. except as by this adt otherwife provided. Same adt, f. 78.

33.	None but the company, or by their licence, to export any military ftores, ammunition, malts, fpars, cordage, anchors, pitch, tar or copper, or import India callicoes, dimities, mufti ns or other piece goods, and in February, annually, the directors to lay before the board an invoice of cordage, marts, &c.

Ind

exported, and the board to examine any reprefentations made of the infufficiency of fuch articles exported by the company, and may admit individuals to export them in the company’s (hips, and may enlarge the'tonn3ge for other private trade for that purpofe. Same adt, f. 82*

34.	If the company do not by Aug• 31, anhually, purchafe 1500 tons of copper for exportation, the proprietors of copper may export that quantity, or the deficiency, in the company’s fhips, and if the company do not import a fufficient quantity of callicoes, &c. tbeboard may admit individuals to import them in the company’s fhips; but this adt not to permit any person to export or import any goods contrary to law, nor to affedt the prohibition of the ufe of any foreign manufacture, and the company to provide tonnage for fuch articles as may be exported or imported by individuals, and the directors may petition his Majefty, if they think the tonnage ordered by the board for private trade too large. Same act, f. 84.

35.	The rate of freight for carriage of goods in private trade$ in time of peace, 5/. per ton. from Great Britain <*.0 Eaft India, and 15/. a ton from Eaft India to Great Britain, and in time of war, an addition in proportion to the hire of the company’s fhips, and any intention of advancing the rates of freight on private trade to be communicated to the board for their approbation, and every 3 years the directors to confider whether any abatement of freight in private trade can be made, and persons intending to export goods from Great Britain, to give notice to the company’s fe-cretary, and to depofit the freight, &c. and persons intending to export them from India, to give no-

 

' Ind

tice to the fecretary of the prefi-dency, and vacant tonnage maybe occupied by the goods of the company. Chap. 52. f. 89.

36.	Civil fervants of the company, or jicenfed persons in India, may aft as confignees, he. and thedireftors to licenfe a fufiicient number of free merchants todifpofeof private trade, and agents for private traders fubjeft to the authority of the company. Same aft, f. 95.

37.	No person to refide more than 10 miles from a principal fettlement without leave of the governor, &c. Same aft, f. 98.

38.	From March 1, 1794, in lieu of 5 per cent, by 9 Gul. 3. and a charge of 2/. per cent. on private trade, an^allowance of 3 per cent. granted,^rid the direftors to form rules for fales of raw filk* &c. and lay the fame before the board for revifal; and goods imported in private trade to be fecured in the company’s warehoufes, and publicity fold, &c. and goods of private merchants to be regiftered previous to (hipping, and goods exported or imported by private persons to be fubjeft to the fame cuftoms and duties as the company, but the company not liable to pay for embezzlement, &c. of goods, and fecurities given by the fervants of the company to extend to the property of individuals, &c. Same aft, f. 99.

39.	Application of the furplus arifing from the territorial acquifitions and revenues in India ^ and governments in India may grant bills upon the directors, for transferring debts in India to Great Britain? and if fuch bills are not accepted by the creditors to the amount of 500,000/. annually, the deficiency to be made up by loans, but bills not to be granted for more than 500,000/, annually,

Ind	38	7

unlefs by order of the directors. Same aft, f. 107.

40.	Application of the profits of the

- company in Great Britain, and

500,000/. to be paid yearly into the receipt of the exchequer, and applied as parliament fhall direcl, and when the company’s debts are reduced to 2,000,000/. in India? and the bond debt in Great Britain to 1,500,000/. and after payment of all intereft and expences, and a dividend of 10/. per cent. on their hock, the company are to retain one fixth part of the furplus of the nett proceeds for their own ufe, to be applied in augmentation of the dividends on their capital (lock, and the refidue of the fa id furplus to be paid into the bank of England, and placed to the account of the commifTioners for reducing the national debt. Same a ft, f. 111.

41.	When the capital flock in the names of the commifiioners fhall amount to 12,000,000/. the dividends liable to make good any deficiency in the dividends on the company’s flock, and the faid capital flock to be a guarantee fund of the company’s flock, &c. and the bank to lay before parliament, yearly, an account of money paid by the company on account of the faid commiffioners, and on failure of payment of monies into the exchequer and bank, the fame may be recovered with damages in any court of record at WejirmnJler, and a certificate of money paid into the exchequer and bank to be given to the company. Same aft, f. 114.

42.	On reprefentation from the di-reftors of inconvenience, the trea-fury may poftpone payment of monies into the exchequer or bank, and if by war the nett proceeds fhall fall ihort of paying 500,000/. per annum to the publick, the de-

C c z	fkiency

Hosted by



388	2nd

ficiency (hall not be made good fo as to impede the accumulation of the guarantee fund, &c. but not to affeCt the rights of the company or the publick refpe&ing the territorial acquifitions, and revenues beyond the further term granted by this a6l. Chap. 52. f. 121.

43.	Application of the company’s fe-parate fund, and no grant of new falaries, &c. above 200/. to be good, unlefs confirmed by the board, and directors to lay before parliament, yearly, their accounts. Same acf, f. 124.

44.	Claim of his Majefly for expen-ces of troops to Dec. 24, 1792, and claim of the company on the publick difcharged^ndfromDi’c. 24, 1792, expences of troops to be repaid by the company. Same aCf, f. 127.

45.	Ships, &c. of unlicenfed perfons, trading within the limits of the Raft India company, to be forfeited, See. and persons going there contrary to this a£t to be deemed to have traded unlawfully, and any unlicenfed person going to the Raft Indies, or found therein, liable to fine and imprifonment, and may be arrefted and lent to Rngland for trial, and persons dil'milfed, See. who fhall be found within the limits aforefaid, after the time allowed, to be deemed to have unlawfully traded. Same aCf, f, 129.

46.	All goods, See. (except what is ailpwed by this act) (hipped from Great Britain to the Raft Indies, or taken out of any (hip home-ward bound, forfeited, with double the value, and the officers privy thereto liable to the penalty of 1000/. and 500/. penalty on Bri-tifb fubje&s trading to the Rajl In-dies under authority from foreign princes, and no governor, or member of council, or coIJe&or of revenues, or any of the judges, to

2nd

trade, except on account of the company, and no person whatever to be concerned in the inland trade in fait, beetle nut, tobacco, or rice, except with the company’s per-miffion, and no person to fend the produce or manufacture of the jRajl Indies, or China, to Rurope, but according to this aCt, on penalty of double the value, but not to extend to the trading and felling of goods to the fubjedts of foreign (fates, &c. Same a61, f. 135.

47.	The attorney general may exhibit, in the court of exchequer, bills of complaint for difeovery of clan-deftine trading, and clandeftine traders, befides the duties, to pay 30/. per cent. damages and colts, and if a&ions be brought for unlawful arrefting persons found in the Rajl Indies, &c. the defendants may plead the general illue, and proof to lay on the plaintiff, and pay treble colts if nonfuit or verdict for defendant. Same adt, f, 142*

48.	So much of 9 & 10 Gul. 3. c.

44.	as inflicts penalty for illegally trading to the Raft Indies; 5 Geo.

I.	c. 21; fo much of any aCts as continue 5 Geo. 1. c. 44. and 7 Geo. 1. c. 21. as relates to punilh-ments of persons illegally trading to the Rajl Indies; 9 Geo. j. c. 26. fo much of 3 Geo. 2. c. 14. and 27 Geo. 2. c. 17. as creates any penalty with reference to 7 Geo. 1. c. 21. for fuing, &c. for the famej fo much of 10 Geo. 3. c, 47. as fubjeCts illicit traders to, in, or from the Rajl Indies, to penalty j fo much of 13 Geo. 3. c. 63. as provides for delivery of advices to the fecretaries of (late; fo much of 21 Geo. 3. c. 65. as prohibits the lending money to foreign companies, &c. 24 Geo. 3. felt 2. c. 25. except fuch parts as relate to the debts of the nabob of Jr cot, Sc c. 26 Geo, 3. c. i6. except fo much

as

 

Ire

Ind

as repeals former afts; and fo much of 26 Geo. 3. c. 57. as makes offences againft the law for fecuring the exclufive trade of the company, he. enforceable in Eajl Indies, repealed; but not to extend to offences committed before paf-fing this aft; nor to affeft the powers given to the prefent board, until a new board is appointed ; nor to affeft the powers given by 28 Geo. 3. c. 8. and 31 Geo. 3. c. 10. concerning expences of additional forces in the Eajl Indies, and afts repealed not to bar aftions. Chap. 52. f. 146.

49.	Power given to the governor general in council of Fort William, &c. to appoint juftices of the peace; but fuchjuftices not to fit in councils of Oyer and Terminer, unlefs called upon, and proceedings of juftices may be removed by Certiorari into the court of Oyer and Terminer; but before granting writs of Certiorari recognizance to be entered into, and juftices may lit in the council of the prefidency to hear appeals. Same aft, f. 151.

50.	Power given by charter of juftice of March 26, 17741 to the fu-preme court of judicature, to extend to the high feas, and prefi-dencies may appoint coroners, who may exercife the fame powers as coroners in England. Same aft, f. 156

51.	Juftices may appoint fcavengers for cleanfing the ftreets of Calcutta, Madrafs and Bombay, and may order their being watched and repaired, and make affeflfments for thofe purpofes, and no fpirituous liquors to be fold in Calcutta, Ma-drafsy or Bombay, without a licence. Same aft, f. 158.

52; Direftors to take an oath, and depofits for tea to be made. Same aft, f. 160.

See Ireland, Chap. 63,

3 89

Infurances.

See France. Chap. 27. f. 4.

Invernejhire, Scotland.

See Scotland. Chap. 118#

John, Saint, IJland of.

1,900/. granted for the civil erta-blifhment of the ifland of Saint Johna in America. Chap. 72.

Ipfwich, Suffolk.

See Paving. Chap. 92.

Ireland.

See Potatoes. Chap. 3. f. 8.

1.	Goods legally imported into Ireland from America, he. may be imported into Great Britain from thence in Britijh or Irijh built ihips, owned, he. according to law, provided the requifite certificates from the revenue officers be produced, and if unaccompanied with the original documents, to be dealt with as goods imported di-reftly to Great Britain from the colonies, and if only part of the goods imported into Ireland (hall be exported to Great Britain, an indoriement of the aftual quantity (hipped, (hall be fufficient. Chap. *3-

2.	Mafters of fhips, importing fuch goods from Ireland, to deliver to the officers of the cuftoms at the port of arrival the requifite documents, he. and 'fuch goods with refpeft to jluties to be confidered as if direc1^ imported from the colonies, but this add not to permit the importation of goods produced, &c. within the limits of the Eajl India company’s trade. Same aft, f. 5.

3.	Forfeited eftates, h'% Ireland,

C c 3	veiled

Hosted by

39°	Lan

vetted in his Majefty, difcharged from any orders of the parliament of Great Britain, and fubjedt to the orders of the parliament of Ireland, but this adt not to avoid any leafe heretofore made. Chap.

See Naval Stores. Chap. 2.

IJlington, Middlejex.

See Church Yards. Chap. 87.

JuJlices of the Peace.

To authorife juftices of the peace to impofe fines upon conftables, overfeers, and other peace or parifh officers, for negledt of duty, and on matters of apprentices for ill ufage to them, and alfo to make provifjon for the execution of warrants of dittrefs granted by magiftrates. Chap. 55.

K.

Keadby, "Lincolnflare.

jgEE Canals, Navigable. Chap, 117.

King's Norton.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 112.

L.

Lancajler, County Palatine of. EE	Chap.	68.

33968,559/. 85. 3^. granted for land forces in 1793, viz.

*• $79>i74/. 18;. i|</. for 17,344 ef-te6tive men, officers, &c. in Great Britain,*. Chap# 72?

Lan

2.	35X5385/. n. ioi. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar and Afcw South Wales. Same act.

3.	11,559/- 175. n<7. difference between Britifh and Irifh ettablifh-ments of regiments in Gibraltar and the Wejl Indies, for 1793. Same adt.

4.	8,323/. 17;. ioji. for regiments in the Eajl Indies. Same adt.

5.	117,500/. for recruiting and contingencies, &c. Same act.

6.	6,409/. 8j. for general and ftaff officers in Great Britain. Sameadt.

7.	13,940/. 8;. 11^. for fupernume-rary officers. Same adt.

8.	52,964/. 6;. 7rf. to the paymafter general, fecretary at war, &c. Same adt.

9.	156,797A 185. 4^. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. Same adt.

10.	202/. ij. Sd. for reduced officers, &c. of the horfe guards. Sameadt.

11.	3,000/. for officers fate in the fervice of the ttates general. Same adt.

12.	55,092/. 105. for reduced officers of the Britijb American forces, and 4,907/. 1 os. for allowances totffiem. Same adt.

13.	9,313/. 6s. 3d. for widows pen-fions. Same adt.

14.	177,995/. 25. id. for Chelfea hof-pital. Same adt.

15.	278,122/. 145. 2d. for the militia of feveral counties in South. Britain, and 72,000/. for their contingencies. Same adt.

16.	437,837/. 15. lid. for an augmentation to the forces. Same adt.

17.	130,950/. for independent companies. Same adt.

18.	32,520/. for additional general and ftaff officers in Great Britain0 Saqie adt.

^19. 285,458/. 25. 6d. for the ffiilitia of feveral counties in South Britain, and 65,000L for their contingencies, &c. Same adt.

2Q. 15)639/. 5 s,nd, for a corps of

light

 

Urn

light, dragoons in Jamaica, &c. Same adt.

21.	238,253/. 14X. 8J. for Hanoverian troops, and 217,598/. for their levy money, &c. Same act.

22.	140,000/. for cioathing the militia. Same adt.

23.	59,066/. 31. 7^. for augmentation to the firft regiment of dragoon guards, &c. Same adt.

24.	3375865/. 1 s. 2d. for extraordi-nanes of land forces, in 1792. Same adt.

Land Revenues.

1,600/. iffued to thecommiffioners of land revenues. Chap. 72.

Land Tax.

For 1793, to be 4;. in the pound. Chap. 7.

Lead Mines.

See Anglefey, IJleof. Chap. 8x.

Leeds, Torkfliire.

For amending and enlarging two a£ts, for better fupplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in Xorkjhire, with coals. Chap. 86,

Leicejler.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 98.

Letters of Marque.

See Seamen. Chap. 66.

9,802/. 5;. granted to repair the damages done to the cobb at Z/w* by a violent ftorm. Chap. 72.

Limitation of A Elions.

See Aliens. Chap. 4. See Bank cf England. Chap. 15. See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 38. See Church Xwdiy Chap. 87. See Exchequer

Luk	391

Bills. Chap. 29. See FijhandFifbery Chap. 42. See France. Chap. r. See Hemlingford Hundred. Chap. 39. See India (EaJ!) Company. Chap. 52. See Paving. Chap. 25. 83. 85. 88, 89, 90.

Linens.

Act 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. granting a bounty on Britijb and Irijh linens exported, &c. continued to June 24, 1794. Chap. 40.

Little Eaton, Derbyfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 102.

Littlehampton, Sujfex.

See Harbours. Chap. 100.

Liverpool.

To enable the common council of Liverpool, on account of the corporation, to ifiue negotiable notes for a limited time and limited amount. Chap. 31.

See	Chap.	33.

Loch Crinan, Scotland.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 104.

Loch Gilp, Scotland.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap, 104.

London.

See Paving. Chap, 75.

Lottery.

675,000/. to be raifed by a lottery; tickets at 13/. lor. each, and 500,000/. to be paid for prizes on Ja/y 1,1794. Chap. 62.

Ludlow, Shropfhire.

See Paving. Chap. 25.

(Saint) Middlefex.

See Paving. Chap. 83.

C c 4	Madrafsi.

 

39a

Mil

M.

Madrafs,

SEE India (Eaji) Company, Chap.

52.

Maidjlone, Geneva.

Sir JVi Hi am. Biflwp and company may continue to make Maidjlone Geneva until 'July 5, 1795, fubjeft to the duties impofed on the late George Bifiop, and rules eftablifhed for him to extend to fir William Bijhop and company. Chap. 59.

Malt.

Duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, continued for the fervice of the year 1793. Chap. 11.

Man, IJle of.

1,146/. 8s. iffued for c^pences of commiftioners of the ille of Man. Chap. 72.

Manchejler.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 21.

Marines

Regulated while on fhore, aft continued annually. Chap. 6.

Mellon Mowbray, Leicejter/hire. See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 103.

Merfey River.

See Canals, Navigable, Chap. qr.

Militia.

I.	The families of militia men cho-fen by lot, ordered to march on aftual fervice, to receive weekly

Mil

allowance out of the poor rates, to be reimburfed out of the county flock. Chap. 8.

2.	The county treafurer reimburfing fuch weekly allowances to families of militia men, ferving for other places than where they refide, to deliver an account to the treafurer of the county where the person {hall ferve, who fhall pay the fame. Same aft, f. 2.

3.	Juftices ordering relief to families of fubftitutes not ferving for the parifhes where they dwell, todirecl a reimburfement by the overfeers of the parifhes for which the fubftitutes ferve; but not to compel them to be fent to workhoufes, nor to deprive militia men of their legal fettlements, or their right of voting for members of parliament. Same aft, f. 3.

4.	Monies advanced by overfeers of parifhes w'here the families dwell of fubftitutes fervipg for places in any other county, to be repaid on producing a certificate of the order of thejuflices allowing the relief, &c. Same aft, f. 5.

5.	Allowances made between Dec. 1, I792, and March 4, 1793, to be reimburfed, as thofe authofifed by this aft. Same aft, f. 7.

6.	In Exeter the allowances to be paid by the treafurer of the corporation of the poor, &c. and in Brijlol the money to be raifed as prelcribed by the afts for raifing poors rates there. Same aft, f. 8.

7.	Aft 26 Geo. 3. c. 107. f. 102. repealed. Same aft, f. 10.

8.	Bounties to be paid to militia men and fubftitutes, whofe terms of lervice are prolonged. Same aft, f. 11.

9.	For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing the militia in England, for one year, from March 25, ?793, continued annually. Chap. *9'

 

Nav

Minories.

See Paving* Chap. 82*

Moulton, Lincolnfhire.

See Draining. Chap. 109. 1x6,

Mufeum, BritifJj.

3,000/. granted to the truftees of five Britijh mufeupn. Chap. 72.

Mutiny,

For punifhing mutiny and defer-tion; and tor the better payment of the army and their quarters in 1793* Chap. 9.

N.

National Debt.

x. 200,000/. to be iffued at the e^r chequer by j, 1793, t0 t^e bank of England\ to be placed to the account of the commilTioners for reducing the national debt. Chap. 22.

2.	Commifftoners to apply the money in purchafing redeemable publick annuities, which fhall be transferred to ^their account, and the dividends placed thereto. Sameadf, f. 2.

3.	Dividends of redeemed flock to be let apart out of the confolidated fund, and applied by the commif-fioners under the regulations of 26 Geo. 3. c. 31. Same ad, f. 3.

4.	200,000/. iflued to the commif-fioners of the national debt. Chap.

72.

Naval Stores.

l The King in council, by proclamation, may prohibit the exportation of pig iron, bar iron, hemp, pitch, tar, rofin, turpentine, anchors, cables, cordage, mails,

New 393

yards, bowfprits, oars, oakum, oker, (heet copper and other naval (lores. Chap. 2.

2.	All pig iron, &c. exported contrary to hisMajefly's proclamation, to be forfeited with treble value* and the veffel, &c. and may be fei^ed by the officers of the cuftoms. Same ad, f. 2.

See Seamen. Chap. 66. f. 47*

Navigable Canals.

See Canals, Navigable*

Navy.

1.	3,396,915/. 5;. 10d. granted for naval fervices for the year 1793. Chap. 72.

2.	575,000/. towards paying off the navy debt. Same ad.

Negroes,

See American Colonies. Chap. 50*

Nen, River.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 98.

Netherpooly Chejkire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 91.

New Brunfwick.

See Pitch. Chap. 50.

4,400/. granted for the civil efta-blilhment of New Brunfwick, in America. Chap. 72.

Newent, Gloueejlerfldre.

See Canalsy Navigable, Chap. 119.

Newfoundland.

1.	1,182/. io*. granted to defray the falaries of the governor, and civil officers there. Chap. 72.

2.	For eftablifhing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfoundland, and the iflands adjacent. Chap.76.

New

 

394

Ord

Pav

New Providence.

See 'Jamaica. Chap. 50. f, 7.

JViw <SW/Zz Wales.

4,657/. i8x. o|4. granted for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap.72.

2.	56,370/. 15;. By/, for provifions fent there. Same ad.

jVw# Scotia.

See Pitch. Chap. 50.

1.	5,315/. granted for the civil efta-blifhment there. Chap. 72.

2.	386/. 15^. 64. iflued to William Chinnery efquire, for provifions for emigrants from the Highlatids of Scotland to Nova Scotia. Same acV.

3.	1,420/. 35. iflued to Thomas Cotton efquire, for fettlers in this king-dorp from Nova Scotia. Same ado

o.

Oakham, Rutlandshire.

SEE Canals, Navigable. Chap. 103.

Oldham, Lancajhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 21.

Officers of Ships of War.

See Wtnes. Chap. 48.

Orders of Council.

Perfons indemnified who advifed or carried into execution the order of the King in council, dated AW. 9, 1792, refpeding the exportation of wheat, or wheat flour. Chap. 3.

Grain. Chap. 65. f, jq,

Ordnance.

1.	320/. 65. 94. granted for the land fervice of the ordnance prior to December 31, 1783. Chap. 72.

2.	15,095/. i6j. 34. for land fervice of ordnance in 1791. Same ad.

3.	6,826/. 15;. 44. for the fame in $792. Same ad.

4.	32,068/. 355. 4^. for fea fervice of the fame in X791. Same ad.

5.	448,374/. 19J. 9d. for land fervice of the fame in 1793. Same ad.

6.	281,079/. i8;. 8d. fqrthe fame in 1793. Same ad,

Overfeers of the Poor.

See JuJlices of the Peace. Chap. 55,

Oufe River, Torkfhire.

See Canahy Navigable. Chap. 99,

P,

Paddington, Middlefex.

E E Churches. Chap. 43*

Parliament.

X.	Clerk of the parliaments to endorfe on every ad the time it receives the royal aflent, which fhal] be its commencement, where no other is provided. Chap. 13.

2.	Notices of the time and place of eledions for members of parliament, to be publickly given, from Oft. 25, to March 25, inclufive, within the hours of 8 in the morning, and 4 in the afternoon, and from March 25, to Oft. 25, within the hours of 8 in the morning, and 6 in the afternoon. Chap. 64,

Paving.

For paving the footpaths in Lud-

loiv%

 

Pav

low, Shropjhire, and for lighting, watching, and otherwifeimproving the faid borough. Chap. 25.

2.	To explain, amend and render more effedual an act of ir Geo.

3.	c. 29. for paving the city of London, and liberties thereof. Chap, 75*

3.	Commiffioners not refiding in London, to leave with the principal clerk a notice of fome place within the fame, where the fummons may be left, and the form of ftreets not to be altered without licence of the commiffioners, and no bars, chains, or other obftrudions, to be placed acrofs the ftreets, &c. Same acl, f. 2.

4.	No person to take away afheSj&c. from any houfe (except the contractor) on penalty of not lefts than 20;. nor more than 40J. but owners of afhes may remove it for their own ufe, and if the person taking away the afhes cannot be apprehended, the owners of the horfes, carts, &c. to be fubject to the penalty. Same ad, f. 4.

5.	The coiledors may reftrain in cafe of nonpayment of rates, and lodging houfes to be affeffed, and butchers not to hang meat beyond the ftory pofts of their (hops, on penalty of 20*. and drivers of carts, &c. to lead the fhaft horfe, on penalty of 5;. for the firft offence,

1 or. for the fecond offence, and 2or. for the third offence. Same aa, f. 7.

6.	Commiffioners may compel parties and witneffes to attend, on penalty of 20s. and ferving of notices under this ad at persons dwelling houfes, or laft place of abode, iufficient. Same ad, f. 12.

y, For regulating the (land of coaches on the fouth fide of Saint Paul's Churchyard, and for enforcing the appearance of mailers and drivers Qt hackney coaches,* and drivers of

Pav	395

carts, &c. not to ride on the horfes on penalty of 10s. for the firft offence, 20;. for the fecond offence, and 401. for the third offence; and for affaulting colledors, penalty for the firft offence 5s. far the fecond offence 205. and for the third offence 5/. and 20;. penalty on conftables negleding or refufing to affift, in cafe of any diftrefs being taken, and commiffioners to be fettled commiffioners of the fewers of the city of London, and liberties thereof, and inhabitants may be witneffes, and the powers of 11 Geo. 3. c. 29. extended to this ad. Same ad, f. 15,

8.	To explain and amend an ad

paffed the 11 Geo. 3. for better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Tardy Church Street, Little Church Strcety other wife	the Church Paffage,

Church Court, and Kenton Street, in the parifh of Trinity, in the Mine-ties, in Middlefex. Chap, 82.

9.	For better lighting, cleanfing,

watching	and	regulating the

fquares, ftreets, lanes, alleys, paf-fages, and places in the parifh of Saint Luke-) in Middlefex. Chap. 83.

10.	For paving, and repairing certain ftreets, lanes, &c. in the pari fin of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in Middlefex, and for paving and regulating fuch parts of old Cock Lane, and York Street, as are in the parifh of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch. Chap. 88.

11.	For paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the ftreets, fquares, lanes, ways, paf-fages, and publick places, wirhin fuch part of the parifh of Walcot, in Somerfetjhire, as is not within the jurifdidion of the city of Bathy and for removing nuifances, &c, and for eftablilhing a proper police, and for licenfin^ and regulating

hackney

 

39$	Por

hackney coaches, chairs, porters, bafket men, and bafket women, in the city of Bath. Chap. 89.

12.	For making a new ftreet from Saint George's Road, in the parifh of Chrijl Churchy in Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, acrofs the Green Walky and from thence into Gravel Laney in the faid pari 111, and for difcontinuing, as a publick highway, part of a ftreet called The Upper Ground Street, in the faid parifh. Chap. 90.

13.	For paving, lighting, cleanftng, and improving the town of Ipfwich, in Suffolk. Chap. 92.

Pawnbrokers.

A& 29 Geo. 3. c. 57. further continued for two years; but fo much as dire<fts that no fee fhall be taken for proceedings of juftices, repealed. Chap. 53.

Perjury.

See Seamen. Chap. 66. f. 48.

Pitch.

Pitch, tar, and turpentine, the production of the united ftates of America y may be imported from thence into Nova Scotiay and New Brunf-zvtdy by Britijb fubje&s. Chap. 50.

i.	14.

Plantations in America.

See Sugar. Chap. 56.

Plymouth Dock.

See JPater. Chap. 85.

Poor.

1.	Two thirds in number and value of persons qualified according to 22 Geo. 3. c. 83. who fhall attend at any publick meetings, and fig-

Pri

nify their approbation of the pro-vifions thereof fufficient, and may recommend to the juftices three persons qualified for guardians of the poor. Chap. 35.

2.	Cafual poor tq fie relieved by united parilbes conjointly. Same aft, f. 3.

3.	For amending an a<ft for the better relief and employment of the

poor in the hundred of Blytbhg, in Suffolk. Chap. 126.

Pojl Horfes.

The treafury enabled to let to farm the dqties by adl 27 Geo. 3. c. 26. on horfes let to hire for travelling poft, as ftiould be willing to contract for the fame, continued to Feb. 1, 1797. Chap. 71.

Pojlmafter General;.

The poftmafter general may fend the mail to Spain by any (hips belonging to his Catholick majefty, Chap. 6q.

Potatoes.

The King in council may permit potatoes to be carried coaftvvife, or to Irelandy or as fhip ftores. Chap. 3, f. 8.

Privateers.

See Seamen. Chap. 66.

Prizes.

1.	For relief of the captors of prizes, with refpe£t to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom. Chap. 34.

1.	Prizes, on condemnation, may be landed in any port of Great Britain, and fecured under the King's locks in warehoufes, provided at the expence of the captors, with the approbation of the com mi 1-

ftoners

Hosted by C gle

Pfi

fioners of cuftoms and excife, and duties to be paid by captors ; but no duty oh military or (hip ftores, &c. Chap. 34. f. 1.

3.	Prize wheat, &c. to be fubjedt to the rules, &c. of 31 Geo. 3. c.30. and 'China, or Eaft India prize goods, to be publickly fold under luch rules as are ufed at tales of the Eaft India company. Same adl, f. 3.

4.	Prize tobacco and fnuff brought Into any port not enumerated in 23 Geo. 3. c. 68. or 31 Geo. 3. c. 47. to be removed to a port enumerated, and on condemnation to be lodged in the King’s tobacco warehouses, and may be exported duty free, or taken out for home cohfumption, on payment of duty* &c. Same adt, f. 5.

5.	Prize goods, the growth, &c. of France, fold for home confump-tion, to be liable to the duties in table (CJ of 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. Same adt, f. 6.

^ Commifiioners of the cuftoms may authorife warehoufed goods (tobacco and fnuff excepted) to be removed for exportation to any cuftom houfe warehoufe. Same adt, f. 7.

7.	Prize goods condemned abroad, to be imitled, on importation, to the benefit of this act, on certain conditions. Same adt, f. 8.

8.	Bond to be given that China or Eaft India goods,, condemned at out ports, (hail be delivered to the warehoufe keeper at the cuftom houfe in London, and fuch goods to be publickly fold in London* Same adt, f. 9.

9.	For foreign veffels condemned out of the kingdom, the duty to be paid at the port of arrival therein, or they may be fold to pay the duty; and warehoufed prize goods may be exported, on payment of duties under this adt, and giving bond for their exportation; and

Rota 397

goods taken out of warehoufes, to be confumed in the kingdom, to pay t|ie remainder of the duties. Same adt, f. 10.

10.	Veffels commiffioned by the admiralty, found with foreign fpirits on board, in cafks under iixty gallons, (except for the crew) or above (ix pounds weight of tea, or any prohibited goods, to be forfeited, &c. Same act, f. 13.

11.	Duties and drawbacks to be regulated according to 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. and this adt to continue during the prefent hoftilities. Same adt, f. 14.

See Seamen. Chap. 66.

Purjers of Ships of War.

See Tobacco. Chap. 48.

Qualifications'.

ACT of qualification for offices, &c. continued annually. Chap.

12.

R.

Ranfom of Ships.

(^EE Seamen. Chap. 66.

Riots.

See Hemlingford Hundred, I Harlot ckjhire. Chap. 39.

Rockwardine Wood, Shropfhire.

See Canals> Navigable. Chap. 113-

Roman Catholicks.

1.	Roman catholics in Scotland, taking an oath, &c. to be relieved from the penalties impofed by an

adt

 

398	Sat

ad of the parliament of Scotland, made the eighth and ninth feffion of the firft parliament of King William the Third. Chap. 44.

2.	Oath may be taken before the fheriff depute, &c. who fhall deliver lifts annually of the persons taking it, and officers to give certificates of persons having taken the oath, which fhall be evidence, and fheriff’s clerks to make entries of lifts delivered them, which may be infpeded, and copies made if required-, and office copies of fuch entries to be evidence. Same act,

r.4.

3.	Perfons having taken the oath, &c. may enjoy real or perfonal property; but not to authorife Roman catholicks to be governors to proteftant children. Same ad,

f.7.

Royal Exchange AJJurance Companies.

The royal exchange afturance companies may grant, purchafe, and fell annuities upon, or for lives. Chap.

14.

Rufford, Lancafhire.

See Churches. Chap. 24.

Rum.

I.	The additional duties on rum by 31 Geo. 3. c. 1. made perpetual. Chap. 28.

See American Colonies. Chap. 50. 2i So much of 15 Sc 16 Geo. 2. c. 25. as relates to landing rum, &c. continued to Sept. 29, 1799* Chap. 40.

s.

Sailcloth.

I.	A CT* 9 Geo. 2, for encouraging -/jLthe manufacture of Britijh fail-

iScO

cloth, continued to Sept. 19,1795* Chap. 49.

3.	Penalties of continued ad, which do not attach to double fail cloth* not to extend to Britifb canvas made with tingle thread warps, and fuch fingle canvas fhall be deemed BritiJ).) fail cloth, but fingle thread to be made conformable to the reftridions on double thread fail cloth. Same ad, f. 3.

Salt.

For repealing ad 1 (T Ann. c. 21. as far as relates to certain fait works intended to be ereded at Garjton, Lancafhire, inftead of the prefent fait works at Liverpool. Chap. 33^

Saltpetre.

Saltpetre, gunpowder, arms or ammunition, prohibited by proclamation, to be carried coaftwife, and if fhipped for that purpofe, to be forfeited, &c. and the veflel, &c. carrying the fame to be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms ; but this ad not to extend to (hips of war, &c. Chap. 2. f. 3.

San Juan Baptijia.

See Tobacco. Chap. 57. f. 4.

Scotland.

1.	To eftablifh regulations refped-ing officers ferving in feveral corps of fencible men in Scotland. Chap.

36-

See Roman Catholicks, Chap. 44.

2.	For the regulation of diftilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of Britijh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time. Chap. 6 r.

3.	From July 5, 1793, the following duties of excife to be paid in Scotland $

For

 

Sco

For each gallon of the cbn- £. s. d. tents of every dill for making fpirits, where Britijh materials are ufed, annually	-	-	'	-900

For each gallon where tne-lafles or fugar are ufed - 15 0 o Where other foreign materials are ufeci	-	18	0	0

For each gallon of rectifying (tills	-	-	9	G	o

Chap. 6r, f. 1*

4.	No person to erect or work a (till, without taking out a licence according to 28 Geo. 3. c. 46. and the powers of that act to extend to this act, and duty to be paid in advance by inftallments. Same act, f. 2.

5.	No licence to be granted until fe-curity be given for payment of duty, and no licence to be granted for a wafh (till which (hall be of the content Jefs than fifty-two gallons, nor unlefs a low wine (till be licenfed with it, nor to a rectifier for a (till which ihall not be of the content lefs than twenty gallons, and (tills licenfed for making fpirits from Britijh materials not to be ufed for making them from melafies, &c. and (tills licenfed for diddling of walh, or for rectifying

„ of fpirits, not to be ufed for compounding, &c. on penalty of 200/. Same aCt, f. 5.

6.	Firft licences to be in force until October to, 1794, and afterwards for One year, and no licence to be granted to compounders, &c. for {tills for diddling or rectifying, and 200/. penalty for carrying on trade as a diftiller and brewer, and fre(h licences to be taken out ten days before Oftober 10, 1794, and renewed yearly, and 200/. penalty for diddling without licence, and one licence fufficient for a partnership, but to authorife working only in the houfe for which the licence is granted, and in cafe ot

G

Sco	390

infolvency, death, &c. the com-midioners of excile in Scotland may authorife the trade to be carried on for the remainder of the licence by the affignees, &c. Same act, f. 10.

7.	Allowance to compounders for increafe by water, &c. and fpirits fent out by compounders of greater firength than one in fix under hydrometer proof, liable to forfeiture* and fifty pounds penalty for giving certificates to protect the illegal removal of dock of compounders, or illegally ufing certificates. Same act, f. 15.

8.	Duties granted by aCls now in force upon low wines, &c. and licences granted before July 5, 1793, to rectifiers, toceafe on that day, and from December 1, 1793, the duty impofed on licences by 25 Geo. 3. c. 22. to ceafe. Same a<t, f. 18.

9.	From December 1, 1793, the commiffioners of excife in Scotland may grant annual licences within certain highland counties for dif-tilling corn fpirits, and fordifpof-ing of the fame, on certain conditions, and powers of act 25 Geo.

3.	c. 22. unlefs hereby altered, to extend to this act, and no licence to be granted to erect a dill within ten Englijh miles of any lowland didillery in certain cafes, nor to any compounder or brewer, and the duty for a dill of forty gallons to be deemed a compofition for a certain quantity of dry malt and fpirits. Same act, f. 21.

I©. No dill to be licenfed, and no fpirits from licenfed dills to pafs out of certain limits mentioned, on penalty of forfeiture, and dif-tillers having larger dills than thofe licenfed, fubject to a penalty of one hundred pounds and forfeiture, and for buying, &c. grain, not the produce of certain cpunties, to forfeit ten (hillings a bufhel,, and fpirits

 

aoo	Scd

rits removing without a permit to be forfeited* and diHillers, &c. of fpirits for exportation from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, fubjedt to the rules of 28 Geo. 3. c. 46. but no diHiller, &c. authorifed to give notice of intention to make fpirits for exportation, Unlefs his Hills be of certain capacities, &e. Chap.61. f. 26.

11.	DiHillers applying for licences after July 5, 1793, to pay the following duties ;

For each gallon of the con- £. s. d. tents of Hills ufed \n England for making fpirits from Briti/J) materials for exportation to Scotland annually	-	-900

For each gallon where metafiles or fugar are ufed - 1500 For each gallon where other foreign materials are ufed 1800 For each gallon of rectifying Hills	-	-900

and duties to be paid as directed by 28 Geo. 3. c. 46. Same adt, f. 30.

12.	DiHillers* See* in England withdrawing entries for exportation to Scotland, and making entries for home confumption, to be allowed an abatement of the licence duty, viz.

For every day a Hill is ufed d. in making fpirits from Britijh materials, for each gallon of its contents - o From melafles or fugar -	10

From other materials -	1	2^0

For Hills employed in rectifying	-	-	07	ft

And diHillers in Scotland, giving notice of their intention to make fpirits for exportation to England, allowed the fame abatement. Same adt, f. 31.

13.	For deficiencies in the quantity of fpirits for exportation, required by 28 Geo. 3. c. 46. to be be pro-

StO

daced to the excife officer^ the fof* lowing duties to be paid ;

For each gallon from Britijb s. d, materials	-	-	3	2I-

From melafies or fugar - 3	6|

From other foreign materials 5 11 and in default of payment to forfeit double the duty. Same adt,

33-

14.	For every gallon of fpirits, not exceeding one to ten over hydrometer proof, made ih Scotland and imported into England, to be paid an excife duty of 35. 2\d. and for every gallon of fpirits* more than one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per cent. above, an additional duty in proportion to the furplus. Same adt,

'• 34 V,

15.	30 Geo. 3. c. 37. and fuch parts of 26 Geo. 3. c. 73. 28 Geo. 3^ c. 46. and 29 Geo. 3. c. 45. as were continued by that adt, (except the duties impofed by 28 Geo.

3.	c. 46.) continued to December 1, 1795, and this adt continued to December 1, 1795. Same act, f. 35,

16.	From July 5, 1793, duties im-pofed by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. on coals, &c. carried coaHwile, in Scotland, to ceafe. Chap. 69.

17.	From Oftober 10, 1793, persons retailing Aqua Vitae in Scotland to take out an excife licence *

For every licence to retail £.	d.

Aqua Fites in any part of Scotland, except the High-lands	-	-200

In the Highlands	- 106

but this adt not to extend to persons having a licence to retail foreign fpirits. Same adt,- f. 2.

18.	Perfons retailing any other fpirits than plain Aqua Vita, to take out licences as required by 30 Geo.

3.	c. 38. and persons felling lefs than half a gallon Englifb of Aqua J'ita to be deemed retailers* and no person to have a retail licence

who1

 

THE

Anno	tricesimoquarto Georgii III. Regis:

Being the FOURTH Seffion of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXIX. Part II,

Hosted by



by 

		A	
T	A	B L	E
		O F T H E	
S T	A	TUT	E
PUBLIC		K and P R I V A	T E

Puffed Anno tricefmo quarto

GEORGII III.

Being the Fourth Seffion of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUB LICK A CPS.

Cap. i. T7^ O R raifing the fum of eleven millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 2. For granting to his Majefty certain additional duties upon worts, wa(h, and other liquors, brewed or made in Eng-land, for extradling fpirits for home confumption, and upon fpi-rits made in Scotland and imported into England.

Cap. 3. For granting to his Majefty certain additional duties on foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 4. For making perpetual certain duties on foreign fpirits, and on fugar, imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 5. To continue the jaws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubjedts of his Majefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united ftates of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid united ftates.

Cap. 6. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore.

Cap. 7, For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain

a 2	duties

 

A TABLE of the ST ATUTES.

duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

Cap. 8. For granting an aid to his.Majefty bv a land-tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

Cap. 9. For preventing money or effects, in the hands of his Majcity’s fubje&s, belonging to or difpofeable by persons re-fident in France, being applied to the ufe of the persons exer-cifing the powers of government in France; and for preferving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof.

Cap. 10. For repealing the damp duties on gloves and mittens fold by retail.

Cap. 11. For repealing the duties on the regifiry of burials, births, marriages, and chridenings.

Cap. 12. To indemnify fuch persons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify judices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regider or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes ; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole admiffions have been omitted to be damped according to law', or, having been damped, have been lod or miflaid ; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly damped ; to give further time to fuch persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranfmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited bylaw; and for allowing further time for that purpofe.

Cap. 13. For punidfing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 14. For granting to his Majefty certain damp duties on indentures of clerkfiiips to folicitors and attornies in any of the courts in England therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For granting to his Majedy certain additional duties on bricks and tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain.

Cap. 16. For augmenting the militia.

Cap. 17. For regulating the portage and conveyance of letters by the carriage called The Penny Poft.

Cap. 18. For granting rates of pbdage for the conveyance of letters and packets between Great Britain and the idands bf Jerfcy and Guernfiy, and within thofe idands.

Cap. 19. To enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to increafe the capital dock of the faid company.

Cap. 20. For repealing the duties on paper, padeboard, mill-board, fealeboard, and glazed paper; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 21. For granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy and

victualling

Hosted by Googl

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

victualling bills; and for providing for the regular payment of all navy and victualling bills that lhall be iffued in future.

Cap. 22. For allowing veflels employed in the Greenland and whale fifherv to complete their full number of men, at certain ports, fora limited time.

Cap. 23. For amending and making perpetual an aCl, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the arts of defgning and printing linens, cottons, callicoes, and n.uflns, by vefting the properties thereof in the deftgners, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time.

Cap. 24. For making certain navigable cuts from the towns of Buckingham, Aylefbury, and JFendover, in the county of Buckingham, to communicate with the grand junction navigation, authorifed to be made by an aCt of the lad fefiion of parliament; and for amending the laid a<5t.

Cap. 25. For extending the JVyrley and Effington canal.

Cap. 26. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the canal navigation from Manchejhr to or near Afbton~under~Lyne and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lan-cajler, at the intended aqueduct: bridge in Dukinfeld, in the county of Chefer, to or near to Chapel Milton, in the county of Derby 5 and a communication by railways or done roads from thence to Load's Kncivl, within	Foref,	in the fa id county

of Derby, and a branch from and out of the faid intended canal to Whaley Bridge, in the faid county of Chejler.

Cap. 27. For granting to his Majefty certain additional duties on glafs imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

Cap. 28. For railing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

Cap. 29. For railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

Cap. 30. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia* in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

Cap. 31. For encouraging and difeiplining fuch corps or companies of men, as (hall voluntarily inroll themfelves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coafis, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the prelent war.

Cap. 32. For enabling the commilfioners of the ftamp duties to fiamp bills of exchange and notes in certain cafes.

Cap. 33. For making perpetual certain duties of excife on difiilleries, and on licences granted to diftillers, in Scotland', and for appropriating the faid duties.

Cap. 34. For indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advifing or carrying into exe-cution, an order of the lords commiffioners of his JVIajefiy’s treafury, refpecling the exportation of pot allies or pearl allies; for preventing fuits in

a 3	confequence

 

A TABLE of the ST A TUT ES.

confequence of the fame; for authorifmg his Majefty to prohibit the exportation, or carrying coaftwife, of pot athes or pearl afhes; and for making forth,er provifions relative thereto.

Cap. 35. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons adding as fuch, in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.	, '

Cap. 36. To continue feveral laws relating to the exportation of culm to Lijbon, and to the ascertaining the ftrength of Spirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

Cap. 37. For altering an a£t, paffied in the Seventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for making the rivers Mercy and Irvvell navigable from Liverpool to Manchefter, in the county palatine ^Lancafter, by incorporating the proprietors of the faid navigation ; and to declare their refpeCiive fiiares therein to be perfonal eftate.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable canal out of and from the tVarzvick and Birmingham canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the parifti ot Budbrooke, in the county of Warwick, into the Oxford canal, in the parifti of Braunflon, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 39. For making a navigable canal from or near Pcrthy-wain lime rocks, in the parifti of Llanyblodwell, in the county of Salop, to or near Newtoivn, in the county of Montgomerys and alfo certain collateral cuts from the faid canal.

Cap. 40. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be railed by a lottery.

Cap. 41. To impower the Eajl India company to continue a bond debt of two millions, and to increal'e the fame by a further Sum, as circumftances may require.

Cap. 42. For granting to foreign Ships, put under his Ma-jefty’s protection, the privileges of prize (hips, under certain regulations and restrictions ; tor allowing aliens in foreign colonies, Surrendered to his Majefty, to exercife the occupations of merchants or faCtors; and tor repealing an ad, pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting a liberty to carry fugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of his Mrjejiy s fugar colonies in America, from the faid colonies direftly to foreign parts, in fhips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to laiv; and alfo So much of an aCt, paffied in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, as amends the Said aCt.

Cap. 43. To enable SubjeCfs of France to enlift as foldiers in regiments to Serve on the continent of Europe, and in certain other places ; and to enable his Majefty to grant commiftions to fubjeCts of France, to ferve and receive pay as officers in fuch regiments, or as engineers, under certain restrictions.

Cap. 44. To continue an adt, made in the laft feffion of par-' liament, for eftabhfhing courts of judicature in the if and of. Newfoundland ; and to revive and continue fo much of two acts, made in the tenth and fixteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s

reign,

 

A TABLE of t!ie STATUTES,

reign, as relates to regulating the fees of the officers of fhc cuftoms, and of the naval officers in the Britifh colonies in America, and of the officers of the cuftoms in the ifland of Newfoundland.

Cap. 45. To enable his Majefty to eftablifh a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Ifland.

Cap. 46. For talcing of fpecial bail in actions and fuits depending in the court of common pleas of the county palatine of Lancajhr.

Cap. 47. To amend an a6l, paffed in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft to provide for the families of persons chofen by lot to flerve in the militia of this kingdom, and of fubflitutes Jerving therein ; and to explain and amend an at1 of parliament, pafl'ed in the tiventy - fixth year of his prefent Majefly, intituled, 6 An aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws, relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England/ and alio an adt, made in this prefent feftion of parliament, intituled, Aft aft for augmenting the militia.

Cap. 48. For granting to his Majeftv the fum of two hun-. dred thoufand pounds, to be iftued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England\ to be by them placed to. the account of the commiftioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund ; for applying a certain, fum of money therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four ; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

Cap. 50. For repealing fo much of an adl, made in the fe-venth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as dire&s that no cambrick or lawn fhall be imported from Ireland, until the importation of cambricks and French lawns into Ireland fhall be prohibited by law; to allow the importation of cambricks and French lawns from the Auflrian Netherlands, for a limited time; for making more effectual an acft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the more effectual prevention of fmuggting in this kingdom ; and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of tobacco fhipped for exportation.

Cap. 51, For granting to Ids Majefty certain duties of cuftoms, on Hate, ftone, and marble.

Cap. 52. For paving, and otherwife improving, the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 53. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the canal of fir "John Ramjden baronet, at or near the-town of Fluddersfield, in the weft riding of the county of York% to join and communicate with the canal navigation from Man-chejler to or near Afliton-under-Lyne and Oldham, at or near the town of Afloton-under-Lyne aforefaid, in the county palatine oS Lancafler.

Cap. 54. To impower his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch persons as his Majefty fhall fufpebt are confpii;ing 2 gain ft; his person and government.

a 4	Cap.	55.

Go< Ic

Hosted by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 55, For faving to his Majefty the duty of new fubfidy on tobacco, imported into that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 56. For extending the time limited by an ad of this feftion for delivering in navy and victualling bills.

Cap. 57. For further continuing an ad, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An aft to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

Cap. 58. To prevent the removal of fuits from the inferior courts in the county palatine of Lancafler\ into the court of common pleas of the faid county palatine.

Cap. 59. For extending the provifionsof an ad, palled in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of the board of ordnance, the commifiioners of the navy, the commifiioners for vidualling the navy, and the commifiioners of lick and hurt.

Cap. 60. To continue lb much of feveral laws, refpeding the tranfportation and imprifonment of offenders, as relates to the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement.

Cap. 61. For the better obfervation of the Lord’s day, by persons exercifing the trade of bakers.

Cap. 62. For enabling Ins Majefty to raife the fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 63. For allowing the exercife of an invention of a new method of tanning hides and fkins.

Cap. 64. For the more effedually repairing of fuch parts of the highways of this kingdom as are to be repaired by two parifhes.

Cap. 65. For better regulating and governing the watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, upon the river of Thames, between Gravefend and JVindfor.

Cap. 66. To enable the lords commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury to afcertain what fum fhall be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer, in full Jatisfacftion of the debt due on the mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys efquire, in truft for the late right honourable Richard Rigby, in cafe it fhall appear to the faid lords commifiioners that it will be neceffary to refort to the mortgaged premifes, in order to recover the balance due from the faid Richard-Rigby to his Majefty.

Cap. 67. For veiling in John JVilkinfon efquire, in truft for the affignees of Jofeph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a meffuage and other hereditaments, in Saint James's Square, purchafed by the faid Jofeph Freeman of Matthias de Gandafequi, an alien ; and for difcharging the fame from the right of the crown, in refpedt of the alienage.

Cap. 68. For the further encouragement of Britifo mariners ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 69. For the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

Cap. 70. To exempt fhips of war, and private (hips or vef-fels of war, taken as prize, from payment of duty.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 71. For fupplying fucb of the French iflands, as may be in his Majedy’s pofledion, with the feveral forts of corn, meal, flour, and bifeuit, neceflary for the maintenance of the inhabitants of the faid iflands.

Cap. 72. To enable the commiffioners of his Majedy’s damp duties to damp tire paper ufed for printing nev/fpapers thereon, in fheets of Angle demy paper indead of (beets of double demy paper.

Cap. 73. For dire&ing the appointment of commiffioners, to adminifter certain oaths and declarations required by law to be taken and made by persons offering to vote at the election of members to ferve in parliament.

Cap. 74. For varying forne of the pro.vifions in an aCf of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majedy’s reign, refpecHng the publick highways, within that part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the performance of ftatute duty.

Cap. 75. For the better management of the land revenue of the crown, and for the fale of fee farm and other unimproveable rents.

Cap. 76. For veding certain melTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trudees, for the better fecuring his Ada-jeffy’s batteries, and other works, in the counties of Kent and Devon.

Cap. 77. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or neaily from Bury Bridge., in the parifh of Bury, by Hafingden, to or nearly to Church Kirk, all in the county palatine of Lan-

cajler.

Cap. 78. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Colder navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge wharf, in the paril'h of Halifax, in the wed riding of the county or" York* to join the canal of his grace the duke of Bridgewater, in the paridi of Mamhefhr, in the county palatine of Lancajler; and alfo certain cuts from the faid intended canal.

Cap. 79. For more effectually prelerving money or effeCts, in the hands of his Majedy’s fubjecls, belonging to, or difpofe-able by, persons refident in France, for the benefit of the individual owners thereof.

Cap. 80. To continue, for a limited time, and to amend an adt, paffed in the lad leflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to continue, for a limited time, and to amend feveral atIs of parliament for regulating the /hipping and carrying faves in Britilh vejfels from the coajl of Africa.

Cap. 81. For amending fo much of an aCt, pafied in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majeffy King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for ordering the forces in the feveral counties of this kingdom, as relates to the militia of the city of London; and for the better ordering the fame.

Cap. 82. To continue an add, made in the lad feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for eflabli/hing regulations refpefting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refident therein, in certain cafes.

Cap. 83. To explain fo much of an add, made in the twenty-

eighth

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An off for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to ferve in parliament, as relates to the time of pre-Tenting certain renewed petitions, and taking the fame intocon-fideration.

Cap. 84. For erecting a penitentiary houfe or boufes for confining and employing convids.

Cap. 85. To remove certain difficulties in the execution of the powers vefted in the commiffioners appointed by two ads, parted in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the' Firft, for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, fo far as the fame relate to the navigation between Peterborough and Thrapfon bridge.

Cap. 86. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, with certain rail v/ays and done roads, from feveral collieries, in the county of Somerfet, to communicate with the intended Rennet and Avon canal, in the parilh of Bradford, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 87. For extending and improving the Birmingham canal navigations.

Cap. 88. For taking down and rebuilding the pari fin church of Saint Alhnond, in the town of Shrewfbury5 in the county of Salop.

Cap. 89 For paving the footways in the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks; for better cleaning, lighting, and watching, the ftreets, lanes, paffages, and places, in the faid town; for removing and preventing incroachments, obftruc-tions, nuifances, and annoyances therein; and for otherwile improving the faid town.

Cap. 90. For making a navigable canal from the river Rennet, at or near the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks, to the river Avon, at or near the city of Bath, and alfo certain navigable cuts therein defcribed.

Cap. 91. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of two ads made in the feventeenth year of the reign of Iris late majefty King George the Second, and the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or a fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which (hall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of Borrowjlounncfs, and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, and for extending the fame over the parilh of Borrowjlourinefs; for repairing the harbour of the faid town ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 92. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Wijbecb river, at or near a place called the Old Sluice, in the town of Wfoech in the ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge, to join the river Nene in the parifh of Outwell, in the faid ille of Ely, and in the county of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the navigation of the faid river from Outwell church to Salters Load fluice*

Cap. 93.

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 93’ For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal, at or near Marjion Bridge, in the parilh of Bedivorth, in . the county of Warwick, to a certain clofe in the parifh of AJhby de la Zoucb, in the county of Leicejler, and for continuing the fame from thence in one line to the limeworks at Ticknall, in the county of Derby, and in another line to the limeworks at Cloudbill, in the faid county oi Leicefler^ with certain cuts or branches from the faid canal.

Cap. 94. To enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to complete the faid navigation, and to vary the line thereof, and to raife a further fmn of money for thofe purpofes; and for making a navigable branch, therein defcribed, from the intended new line of the faid canal.

Cap. 95. To alter and amend an a6t of the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, for improving the navigation of the river Trent; and for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the faid river, in the parifh of Beep on, to join the Nottingham canal, in the parifh of Lenton, in the county of Nottingham, and alfo certain cuts on the fide of the faid river.

Cap. 96. For paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwile improving and keeping in repair, the ftreets, fq'uares, and other publick paffages and places, which are and fhall be made upon certain pieces of ground in the parifhes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomf-bury, or fome or one of them, in the county of Middlefex, belonging to the hofpital for the maintenance and education of expoled and deferted young children, commonly called The Foundling Hofpital.

Cap. 97. For building a new (hire hall for the county of Stafford.

Cap. 98. For the better relief, regulation, and employment of the poor, within the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 99. To continue the term and enlarge the powers of an a61, made in the twelfth year of the reign ot his prefent Majefty, intituled, An add for deepening, cleanfing, fcouring, preferv-ing9 and maintaining, the harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the quays and piers; for ere Fling docks, breafh, jettees, and piers; and for regulating flips, lighters, and other vcjfels trading into and going out of the faid harbour ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 100. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of an a61, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a£l for repairing the roads in the county of Forfar, and for regulating the Jiatute labour within the fume; and for repairing feveral other roads in the faid county, and for building a bridge over the river South Efu, near Finhaveiu

Cap. 1 o 1. to enable his Majefty to grant, in fee Ample, certain eftates veiled in him by reafon of the attainders of the persons therein named, to the defendants of fuch attainted pei fons.

Cop, 102. For improving the outfall of the river Welland, in

the

Hosted by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the county of Lincoln, and for the better drainage of the fen lands, low grounds, and marlhes, difcharging their waters through the lame into the fea ; and for altering and improving the navigation of the faid river jVelland by means of a new cur, to commence below a certain place called The Refervoir, and to be carried from thence through the inclofed marlhes, and open fait marlhes, into JVyberton roads, between the port of Bofton and a place called the Scalp; and for difpofing of the bare or white fands adjoining to the faid river, and for building a bridge over the faid cut.

Cap. 103. For amending and altering certain a£ls of parlia-. ment, for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the Coventry canal navigation, to the city of Oxford.

Cap. 104. To amend and enlarge the powers of an a<5f, pa fled in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An att for the better paving, chaffing, and lighting the town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing objlr unions and annoyances, and for widening the jlrcets, lanesy and other pajfages, within the faid town.

Cap, 105. For building a new bridge over the river Parrett, within the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerfet ; and for repairing, maintaining, and extending, the quays in the port of Bridgewater aforefaid ; for abolishing the ancient and ac-cuftomed duties, and for impofing certain new duties at the port of Bridge-water aforefaid inftead thereof; for regulating the moorings and llations of (hips and vefiels in the laid port; and for impofing a certain toll on horfes, carriages, and cattle.

Cap. ic6. For paving, and otherwife improving, the town of Abergavenny, and the limits thereof, in the county of Monmouth.

Cap. 107. For taking down and rebuilding the parilh church of Tipton, otherwife Tibbington, in the county o i St afford y and for enlarging the casmetery or burial ground belonging thereto.

Cap. 108. For regulating the manner of flocking and ufing the Marfa Common, otherwife Salt Marfh, in the parilh of Air mondfbury, in the county of Glouccjler,

Cap. 109. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town of Swarfca, in the county of Glamorgan, into the parilh of YJlradgunlah, in the county of Brecon.

Cap. no. For embanking, and otherwife fencing from the fea, the lands on the fea coaifs of the parilh of Abergele in the county of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marfan in tlie feveral parilhes of Abergele aforefaid, and of Saint Afaph and Rhydlan, and the franchife of Rhydlan in the county of Flinty and fundry other marlhes, commons, and wafte lands, in the laid parilh of Rbyd~ Ian, and in the feveral pari files of Diferth and Meliden, in the faid county of Flint ; and to cut and make in or through the fame, or fome part thereof, one or more aqueduefs, or other watercourfes and drains; and to inclofe, divide, 'and fell, competent parts qf the faid feveral marlhes, commons, and wafte lands, to defray the expences of the faid works; and to raife a fund for the future repair and prefervation thereof.

Cap. in.

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. hi. To enable the redor of the parifh of Saint Stephen, in the city of Brifiol, for the time being, and the feoffees of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to the fame parifh, to fell and re-convey to the mayor, burgeffes, and commonalty, of the city of Bnjlol, a certain plot of ground, fituate within and belonging to the faid parifh ; and for applying the monies arifing by fuch fale; and certain other monies, to the purpofes of an ad, paffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making commodious tv ays and paffages within the parifh of Saint Stephen, in the city of Briftol, and for enlarging the burying ground belonging to the faid parifh.

Cap. 112. For better regulating the harbour of Dover, in the county of Kent.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 113. To enable the truftees for the care of the road

through the feveral parifhes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlefex, to purchafe certain buildings and hereditaments for the purpofe of making a new road at the entrance into the town of Saint Alban.

Cap. 114. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair* the road from Norwich to Ayl/bam, in the county of Norfolk, end a certain part of the road leading from the faid road towards Holt, in the faid county.

Cap. 115. To enlarge the term and powers of three ads, paiTed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the tenth and twenty-eighth yeais of his prelent Majefty’s reign, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a lane leading by the end of Stone Bridge, in the [aid county.

Cap. 116. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the Warwick road, near Solihui, to the guide pofl in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the of or ejaid road on Balfall Common, in ihe<connly of Warwick.

Cap. 117. For enlarging the term and powers of certain ads of parliament, for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcejhr, fo far as relates to the Dudley diftrid of the faid roads; and for amending certain other roads in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 118. For enlarging the term and powers of two ads of the twenty-fixth year of King George the Second, nn<j the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for widening (Unl repairing the high road leading from Northallerton to the paste wall of the church yard of the town ofT\\irfk, and from the faith-eafl end of the Jireet called Finkell Street, in Third; a fen faid, to and thremh the town of Eafingwold, in the county cf York, to a place called Burton Stone, near the city of York, and alfo the road from Third: aforefaidy to Topcliffe, in the north riding of the county of York.

• 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap.'ng. For enlarging the term and powers of two a&s9 of the twenty-ninth year of King George the Second, and the / thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads leading from ^the town of Kington, in the county of Hereford, and other roads within the (aid county; and alfo for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain other roads within the faid county, adjoining, or lying near to, the roads comprized in the faid a<fts.

Cap. 120. For amending and repairing the roads from a place called Scoddow Gate, in the parifh of Ticbiall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ajhby de la Zouck turnpike road, at or near a place called The Wooden Box, and certain other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Derby and Leicefer.

Cap. 121. For enlarging the term and powers of three feveral afis, pafled in the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the amending and widening of the road from Har-rowgate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the north-eaft corner of Hutton Moor, and from the eaft end of Kirby Hill Aloor, to the town of Ripon aforefaid.

Cap. 122. For enlarging the term and powers of certain afts of parliament, for repairing the road leading from the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, through Woojferton and Lit tie Hereford, to a place called ALonk's Bridge, in the faid county ; and alfo, from the faid town of Ludlow, to a place or houfe called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 123. For enlarging the term and powers of certain afts of parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in repair feveral roads leading from the market houfe, and el:ewhere, in the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, and alfo the road leading from the turnpike or fide gate, in the parifn of AJhford Bowdler, to the turnpike road on the Clee Hill, in the faid county; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from The Craven Arms, in the parifh of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the faid county.

Cap. 124. For amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improving, the road leading from the town of Rochdale, to a place called Edenfield, in the pariIh of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lanccfer.

Cap. 125. For altering, repairing, and widening, the road from Burtry Ford, in the county of Durham, to AUlon, in the county of Cumberland, and from Alfon aforefaid, by the dyke, to Bumf ones, in the county of Northumberland.

Cap. 126. For repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to AAiddleion Lane, in the pari (la or hamlet of Middleton, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 127. For continuing the term of fo much of an aft of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the road from Carter's Bridge, in the parifh of Chatteris, within the Ife of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, to The Forty

Feet

 

A T ABLE of the STATUTES.

Feet Bridge, in the parish of Ramfey, in the county of Huntingdon*

Cap. 128. For amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from Dumhurcb to Southam, in the county

of Warwick♦

Cap. 129. For repairing the road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and feveral other roads in the counties of Stirlings Dumbarton, and Perth.

Cap. 130. For enlarging the terms and powers of two adls, made in the twentieth and thirtieth years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the cow cawfey near the town of Newcci/Ue upon Tyne, to the town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burriy in the county of Northumberland.

Cap. 131. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of feveral a£ts of parliament, for repairing the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the county of Middlefex, and for amending the road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the parifhes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great weftern road in the faid county, and for lighting, watching, and watering the highway between Tyburn and Kcnfwgton Gravel Pits.

Cap. 132. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road between The Bear Inn, in Reading, and Puntheld, in the county of Berks, and feveral other roads in the faid county.

Cap. 133, For amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Wolverhampton, in the county ot Stafford^ to Ivetfy Bank, in the parifh of Blimhill, in the faid county.

Cap. 134. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of feveral afts of parliament therein mentioned, fo far as the fame relate to the repairing and amending of the roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, ana through Bowling and I Fib fey, to Halifax, and alfo the roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 135. For more effe£hially amending, widening, -and keeping in repair the roads leading from the town of Tcwkefbary, in the county of Gloucc/Jcr, to the feveral places therein mentioned, being the heft diftrict of roads deferibed in two acts of parliament, paffed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and for altering the coarl'c of part of the faid roads ; and alio for making, and keeping in repair a road from Simmond*s Ford Brook to the turnpike road leading to Eve foam, in the county ot Worcejler., at or near Bedford bin, in the faid county of Glouce/ler, and from Gotherington to the turnpike road leading from Cheltenham to Slow on the [Fold, at or near Sire for d Inn, in the (aid’county of Glouce/ler, and from Stump Groff-, in the parifh of Didbrock, to the town of Stow on the Woldj in the county of Gloucejier aforefaid*

Cap. 136.

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 136. For enlarging the term and powers of certain a<5ls of parliament for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Worcejier and Warwick, fo far as relates to the road leading from the town of Bromfgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcejier, and for making a more commodious road near the town of Dudley.

Cap. 137. For repairing and widening the road from a place called Black Grove, in the parifh of Rawretb, over Battle's Bridge, to the town of Chelmsford, in the county of EJJex.

Cap. 138. For making and repairing feveral roads leading acrofs the county of Stirling*

Cap. 139. For making and repairing certain roads in the counties of Clackmanan and Perth.

Cap, 140. For enlarging the term and powers of an adf, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An apt to continue the terms of two adU, made in the twenty-fxth and tiventyfeventk years oj the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, for repairing feveral roads leading into the city of Glafgow, fo far as the fame relate to the roads from the city of Glafgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to The Three EVIile Houfe, to the town 0/Airdrie, and from the village of Gorballs to the chapel0/Cambuflang, in the counties of Lanerk and ‘Renfrew, fo far as refpedts the road from the toll houfe in Paifey Lane, at the weft fide of the entry to the new bridge of Glafgow, by or near Parkboufe, to the eaft end of the bridge at Renfrezv, and from Parkhoufe to The Three Mile Houfe in the county of Lanerk ; and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the faid roads.

Cap. 141. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act, paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening feveral roads from Alderraafton, in the county of Berks, to Bafingftoke, and from Alderma don of ore faid to the turnpike vGadfrom Bafingftoke^ Andover, at or near Worting, and to the turnpike road leading to Winchefter, at Popham Lane, in the county ^Southampton.

Cap. 142. To continue the term, and to reduce into one act the powders, of four feveral acts, paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and in the ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Beaconsfieldr in the \ county of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the county of Oxford\

Cap. 143. For amending, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Lyne Bridge, through Longlown, to t.he Scotch Dyke, and from Longtown to the bridge over the river of Sark, in the county of Cumberland.

PRIVATE

 

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Annoregni GEORGII III. Regis, -nee	Britannice, Franc ice,	,

tricejimo quarto.

AT the parliament begun and holder at Weft-minfter, the twenty-fifth day of November, Anno Domini 1790, in the thirty-firft year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE the , by the grace of God,of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the	&c.	And

from thence continued,by feprorogations, to the twenty-firf day of January, 1794 ; being the fourth fejfion of the feventeenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An att for raifmg the fum of eleven millions by way of annuities; [Feb. 20, 1794.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s the com- prcamble. mons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being de-firous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty in this feftion of parliament, have re-folved, that the fum of eleven millions be raifed by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacfted; and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-Voi. XXXIX.	E	c	rity

Hosted by



4*° Anno regni trtcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. i. [1794.

Every contri- rity of the fame, That every contributoV towards raifing the faid to^be*intitled* **um °^e^even millions, fliall, for everyone hundred pounds con** to an annuity tributed and paid, be intitled to the principal fum of one hundred of 3I. per ann. pounds in annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per on 100L from annum, and to a further principal fum of twenty-five pounds in an^rniuitv'of annuities> after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, re-jl. onasl.trom deemable by parliament j the faid annuity after the rate of three Oft. 10, 1793; pounds per centum per annum to commence from the fifth day of and an annul- "January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and the for^1 years *3	annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum to

months from commence from the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hun-the faid 0&. dred and ninety-three; and (hall alfo be intitled, in refpeft of *°’ to Paid every fuch one hundred pounds fo contributed, to a further annu-of the^confoli- ltY e^even IHiilings and five-pence, to continue for a certain dated fund. term of iixty-fix years and three months, from the tenth day of Ooiober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and then to ceafe ; and that the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum, and of eleven (hillings and five-pence, in refpedt of each one hundred pounds fo to be contributed as aforefaid, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the confolidated fund, and (hall be payable and transferrable at the bank of England ; and the faid annuity after the rate of three pounds per cen~ turn fhall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year ; and the faid annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum (hall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Oftober in every year; and the faid annuity of eleven (hillings and five-pence to continue fora certain term of fixty-fix years and three months from the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and then to ceafe, (hall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year.

II.	And whereas, purfuant to> and upon the terms and conditions exprejfd in the faid reflation, feveral persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpof, fubfcribed together the whole of the faid fum of eleven millions to be raifed by annuities, and made de~ pofts of ten pounds per centum on the refpedfive fums by them fo fubfcribed to the faid fum of eleven millions to be raifed by annuities, with the caf iers of the governor and company of the bank of England ; be Contributors therefore enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch made^d^ofits contr^utors who have made fuch depofits with the cafhier or cast the bank	fibers of the governor and company of the bank of England, (which

may pay the cafhier or cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and remainder of receivers of fuch contributions, without any other warrant to be tions b^nftaT *n ^at behalf), to advance and pay unto the faid cafhier or snents/ * cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the feveral remainders of the fums by them refpe&ively fubfcribed towards the faid fum of eleven millions, at or before the refpe&ive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay), the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the fifteenth day of April one

thoufand

 

1794-] Anno regni trieefimo quarto Georgii III. c. x. 411.

thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four ; the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the fixth day of June then ne*t following ; the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or beforb the eighteenth day of July then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-ninth day of Augujl then next following ; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the feventeenth day of October then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds/w centum on or before the twenty-eighth day of November then next following ; and the remaining fum offifteenpounds/>*Tovzta;yzon or before the thirteenth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Guardians it {hall and may be lawful for any guardian or truftee having the difpofition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the faid fum of eleven millions to be raifed by annuities in manner aforefaid, and fuch infant, upon the payment

of fuch fum or fums fubfcribed by fuch guardian or truftee, {hall become a contributor within the meaning of this a61, and be in-titled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in refpebi thereof, in fuch and the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced, is hereby difcharged, lo as the name of fuch infant be exprefled in the receipt or receipts for fuch money.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That every contributor paying Contributors in the whole of the fums by them refpeblively fubfcribed in refpebi allowed of the faid fum of eleven millions, to be contributed as aforefaid, fubfcHption* at any time before the twenty-feventh day of November one thou- paid in ad-land feven hundred and ninety-four, (hall be intitled to an allow- vance.

ance of fo much money as the intereft of each fum fo paid in advance, for completing his, her or their contribution refpebli vely, (hall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy from the day of completing the fame, to the thirteenth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, in refpebi of the fum paid on account of the faid fum of eleven millions ;	v

which allowance is to be paid by the faid cafhier or caftiiers, out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this abl, as foon as fuch refpeblive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and aftigns, {hall have completed fuch payment.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Annuities to the feveral fubfcribers or contributors, their executors, adminif- bepaidhalf-trators, fucceftors, and aftigns, in refpebi of the faid fum of eleven till^u^fcrip-°^ millions, {hall be intitled to an annuity after the rate of three tionsarecom-pounds^r centum, for every one hundred pounds, by him, her, pleted.

or them refpebtively advanced and paid, to commence from the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, until redemption, by parliament, in manner herein-after mentioned ; and {hall alfo be intitled in refpebi of every fuch one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid to a further annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum in refpebi of the additional principal fum of twenty-five pounds, from the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, until redemption, by parlia-

£ e 2	ment.

 

4i3	Anno	regni	tricesimo	quarto Georgii III. c. x. [1794.

ment, in manner herein-after mentioned ; and fhall alfo be inti-tled, in refpect of every fuch one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to a further annuity of eleven (hillings and five-pence, to continue for the term of fixty-fix years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and then to ceafe; which faid refpediive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per centum, and of eleven {hillings and five*pence, ihall be payable and paid half yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to fay), the laid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum^ on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the faid annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year ; and the faid annuity of eleven (hillings and five-pence on the faid fifth day of April and the faid tenth day of October in every year ; the firfi: payment upon the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of July one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-four; and on the faid annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four ; and cn the faid annuity of eleven {hillings and five-pence on the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, but (hall not be payable until the refpedtive fubferibers or contributors, their executors, adminifirators, fuccefibrs, or afiigns, (ball have completed the whole of the fums by them fubferibed for the purchafe, of the faid annuities.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho-Contributors rity aforefaid, That all and every fuch contributor or contribu-paying the tors, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, whole of their wh0 ^a]j have paid jnt0 the hands of the faid cafhier or cafhiers by the^times tbe whole of bis, her, or their contributon money, on or before herein fpecifi- the fecond day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-ed, to be inti-four, (hall be inti tied to have and receive on the fifth day of nuities at\er~ ^Pr '^ one tboufand feven hundred and ninety-four, at the tain periods. ~ bank of England, the half year’s annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum, and the half year’s annuity, after the rate of eleven (hillings and five-pence, that (hall become due on the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four; and that all and every person or persons who fhall have completed the whole of his, her, or their faid payment or .payments on or before the fecond day of July one thoufand feven. hundred and ninety-four, on or before the feventh day of October ofte thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or on or before the lecond day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, refpech'vely, fhall be intided on the day next enfuing on which any dividend {hall become due by virtue of this acl to receive the half year’s annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centumy four pounds per centum, or eleven (hillings and five-pence, or any of them, which by virtue of this abt (hall become due on fuch day refpedlively, or fhall have become due at.any day preceding, and (hall not have been paid by virtue of this-add; and that all

and

 

4*3

1794-3 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i.

and every person or persons who HialI not have completed the whole of their faid payments on or before the faid fecond day of ''January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, fhall, oil completing the fame within the time in this add prefcribed, be then intitled to receive the whole of one year's annuity on each of the faid feveral annuities by this aft granted from the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety* three, and the fifth day o {'January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, refpeftively, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft.

VIT. And be it further enafted, That all the annuities atorelaid Annuitiespay-fhall be payable, and paid, and be transferrable at the bank of able at England ; and, as to the faid annuities of three pounds per centum> and of four pounds^r centum, fhall be fubjeft to fuch redemption as is herein-after mentioned.

VIII.	And for the more eafy and fare payment of all the feveral annuities ejlablijked by this at7, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,"That the faid governor and company of the bank The bank to of England, and their fucceffors, fhall, from time to time, until appoint a ca-all the faid annuities fhall be redeemed or determined, appoint eountamt. pe-and employ one or more fufficient person or persons within their neral, and the. office in the city of London to be their chief or firft cafhier or ca- treafary to or* fhiers, and one other fufficient person within the fame office to be j*er nrioney to their accountant general ; and that fo much of the monies by this ^{hier t0 ^ aft appropriated for the purpofe as fhall be fufficient from time to

time to anfwcr the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities and other payments herein direfted to be made out of the faid monies, fhall, by order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeftive days of payment in this aft appointed for payment thereof, be iflued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the faid firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors for the time being, by way ofimpreft, and upon account for the payment of the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities payable by virtue of this aft ; and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers to Cafhier to pay whom the faid money fhall from time to time be iffued, fhall, an nui ties with-from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, accountant and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due general to in-courfe of the exchequer; and that the faid accountant gene-i'pe<5t his acral for the time being fhall from time to time infpeft and exa- C0LUlts* mine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That the cafhier or cafhiers of Cafhiertogivc the governor and company of the bank of England, who fhall have receipts for received, or fhall receive any part of the faid contributions to-

wards the faid fum of eleven millions, fhall give a receipt or re- affigne^bftore ceipts in writing, to every fuch contributor, for all fuch fums, Dec. io, 1794* and that the receipts to be given fhall be affignable, by indorfe-ment thereupon made, at any time before the tenth day of De~

E e 3	cembcr

fecurity, and pay money within five days after received, into the exchequer,

414	Anno	regni	tricesimo	quarto Georgii III. c. 1* [1794.

cember one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-four, and no longer : Cafhier to give provided always. That iuch cafhier or cafhiers fhall give fe-~A curity to the good liking of any three or more of the co mmif-fioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, for the publick ufe, all the monies which they have already received, and fhall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the faid fum of eleven millions, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and (hall, from time to time, pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they (ball receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards, at the fartheft, into, and fhall account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof, deducing thereout iuch fums as fhall have been paid by him or them in purfunnee of this aft, for which fums fo paid allowance fhall be made in his or their accounts.

X. And be in enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in the

A book to be

countant^ge-0 °^ce the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books fhall be in which the names of the contributors fhall

nerril’s office for entering contributor’s names, a duplicate of which fhall be

Contributors duly paying their fubicrip-tions to be in-titled to their annuities free from taxes.

provided and kept,

be fairly entered ; which book or books the faid refpeftive contributors, their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, andaffigns, fhall and may,from time to time, and at all feafonable tranfmitted to times, refort to, and inlpeft, without any fee or charge; and the auditor of that the faid accountant general fhall, on or before the fifth day x "	"	of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, tranfmit an

attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Ma-jeftv’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

aI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch contributors duly paying the whole fum fo fubferibed, at or before the refpeftive times in this aft limited in that behalf, and their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, fhall have, receive, and enjoy, and be inti tied by virtue of this aft, to haVe, receive, and enjoy the faid feveral annuities by this aft granted,, in refpeft of the fum fo fubferibed out of the monies granted and appropriated in this feilion of parliament for payment thereof, and fhall have good and fure interefts and eftates therein, according to the feveral provifions in this aft contained, as well in refpeft of the faid transferrable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of four pounds per centum per annum, as of eleven (hillings and five-pence per annum, payable and tranf-ferrable at the bank of England; and that the laid feveral annuities fhall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions what-foever.

XII. Provided always, That in cafe any fuch contributors who have already depofited with, or fhall hereafter pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, any fum or fums of money, at the time, and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums fo by them relpeftively fubferibed, or their refpeftive executors,

ad mini lira tors.

Subfcriptions paid in part, and not completed, to be forfeited.

 

x794*T	regnl tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. r. 415

adminifl:rators, fuccefTors, or afligns, fhall not advance and pay to *he faid cafhier or cafhiers the refidue of the fum or fums lb fub-» fcribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned; then* and in every fuch cafe, fo much of the refpedlive fum or fums fo fubfcribed, as fhall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum, and of eleven fhillings and five-pence per annum, in refpedl thereof, fhall be extinguifhed ; any thing in this a<5! contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

XIII.	And be it further ena£led by the authority, aforefaid,

That as foon as any contributors, their executors, adminiftra- Asfoonasfub-tors, fuccefTors, or afligns, fhall have completed their payments ^r^tj0.n'‘\are of the whole fum payable by them refpedively, towards the faid they may be fum of eleven millions, the principal fum or fums fo by them transferred at fubfcribed and paid refpedtively, fhall forthwith be, ir\ the books the bank, of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch refpedtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and affigns completing fuch payments refpe&ively; and the persons to whofe credit fuch principal fums fhall be fo placed, their re-fpe&ive executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and ailigns, fhall’,, and may have power to afiign and transfer the fame, or any part, fhare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England; and fuch fums fhall carry the feveral annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum refpeftively, redeemable by parliament, and the annuity of eleven fhillings and five-pence per annum for fixty-fix years and three months, and then to ceafe ; and fhall be taken and deemed to be flock transferrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this a&, until redemption of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum, in fuch manner as is herein-after mentioned, and until the determination of the faid annuity of eleven fhillings and five-pence per annum at the expiration of the faid period of fixty-fix years and three months.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That all persons who fhall be intitled to. any of the annuities Annuities to hereby granted in refpecl of the faid eleven millions, and all per- be deemed persons lawfully claiming under them, fhall be pofleffed thereof as 0f	•

a perfonal eftate, which fhall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or other-wife ; any law, flatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That it fhall and may be lawful for three or more of the com- Treafury may miffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time be- apply the mo* ing, to ifTue and apply, from time to time, all fuch fums of money P^1T^° as fhall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer by C€3Ct the faid cafhier or cafhiers, to fuch ferviees as fhall then have

E e 4	been

 

416	Anno	regni	tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i. [1794*

been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent feffion of parliament.

XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Accountant That books fhall be conftantly kept by the faid accountant gene-ke^jTbooksfor ra^ ^or ^me being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all regiftering	fums advanced or contributed towards the faid fum of eleven mil-

transfers.	lions, (hall at all feafonable times be entered and regiftered ;

which entry {hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and fhall be figned by the parties making fuch alignments or transfers, or, if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpedlive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorifed, in writing, under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneiTes; and that the feveral persons to whom fuch transfers fhall be made, fhall refpedlively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the faid annuities or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good or available inlaw: provided always. Stock may be That all persons polfeied of any fhare or intereft in either of the

dtvicedbywill, fl-QC^s 0f annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may de-which muft be .r,r .	...	'	.	n	,	.	5	J	..

entered with vile the fame by will, in writing atteited by two or more credi-

theaccountant ble witneffes ; but that no payment (hall be made upon any fuch

general.

Transfers not to be liable to ftamp duty.

devife until fo much of the laid will as relates to fuch fhare, eftate, or intereft in the faid ftocks of annuities, be entered in the faid office ; and that in default of fuch transfer or devife, fuch fhare, eftate, or intereft in the faid ftocks of annuities, fhall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns$ and that no ftamp duties whatfoever fhall be charged on any of the faid transfers ; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That out of the monies arifing from the contributions towards railing the faid fum of eleven millions by annuities, any three or more of the commiffio.ners of the treafury.

Trcafury to defray incidental expen-cesoutof contributions,and or the high treafurer for th to allow fala-rics to the ca-fhier and accountant ge-ral.

time being, fhall have power to dif-

The 3 per cents, under this adt to be

charge all fuch incident charges as fhall neceflarily attend the execution of this a£t, in fuch manner as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable, and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as fhall be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions, and alfo fhall have power to make out of the confolidated fund fuch further allowances as fhall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this a<ft, and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant general, for performing the truft repofed in him by this a£f; all which allowances, to be made as aforefaid, in refpedf of the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

XVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thatlill the monies tQ which any person or persons fhall become

intided

 

1794-1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i. 417

intided by virtue of this aft, in refpeft of any fum advanced or added t0 contributed towards the faid fum of eleven millions, on which the	°

faid refpeftive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum. ceijts.; per annum fhall be attending, (hall be added to the joint ftock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the le-veral fums carrying an intereft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were, by feveral afts made in the twenty-fifth* twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent afts, confolidated, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fiich manner and upon fuch notice as in the faid aft: made in the twenty-fifth year of his faid late (Via-' jelly’s reign, is direfted in refpeft of the feveral and refpeftive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid aft; and that all and every person and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, file, or they fhall become inti tied as afore-faid by virtue of this aftc, fhall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional intereft and fhare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rates aforefaid.	*

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That and the 4- per all the monies to which any person or persons fhall become in- — ^

titled by virtue of this aft, in refpeft of any fum advanced or ^pgVcents? contributed towards the faid fum of eleven millions, on which the * faid annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum fhall be attending, fhall be added to the joint flock of annuities, transferrable at the bank of England, into which the feveral lums carrying an intereft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were, by two afts made in the twentieth and twenty-fir it years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and by feveral fubfequent afts, converted, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption by parliament in fuch manner, and upon fuch notice as in the faid afts are direfted in refpeft of the annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid afts ; and that all and every person and perfons, and corporations \vhatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they fhall become inti tied as aforefaid by virtue of this aft, fhall have,, and be deemed to have, a proportional intereft and fhare in the faid joint ftock of annuities, at the rate aforefaid.	-

XX.	And be it further enafted by the auhority aforefaid, That Annuities of *

all the faid annuities, after the rate of eleven {hillings and five- 1 \s:	to be

.	’	•	r	r r	added to the

pence per annum, to continue lor a certain term or lixty-ux years annaities for *

and three months, from the tenth day of October one thoufand 99 anq 98 feven hundred and ninety-three, and then to ceafe, to which any years, person or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, fhall be intided by virtue of this aft, in refpeft of any fum or fums of money .ad-vanced or contributed towards railing the faid fum of eleven millions as aforefaid, fhall be added to and made one joint ftock with certain annuities which, by two afts made in the firft and fecond years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were granted and made payable at the bank of England\ for the refpeftive terms

ot

 

4 1 o

Annuities granted by this ad to be paid out of the confolidated fund.

Perfons counterfeiting receipts for contributions,^, guilty of felony- .

The bank to continue a corporation till the annuities hereby granted ceafe.

No fee fhall be taken for receiving con-

Anno regni triceiimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. i. ["1794.

of ninety-nine years, and ninety-eight years, from the fifth days of 'January one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-one, and one thoufand leven hundred and fixty-two refpedively, and then to ceafe ; and which faid refpedive annuities were confolidated and made one joint ftock of annuities by two ads, made in the fourth and the twentieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and fhall be paid, payable, and transferrable at the fame time and times, and in like manner with the faid annuities granted by the faid ads; and fo much money fhall, from time to time, continue to be fet apart, and iffued at the receipt of the exchequer to the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, as fhall be fufficient to fatisfy and pay fo much of the faid annuities, after the refpec-* tive rates of three pounds per centum per annum, of four pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby granted to continue for a certain term of fixty-fix years and three months, from the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and then to ceafe, together with the charges attending the fame, out of the confolidated fund; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly a61 or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts of, the faid contributions towards the faid fum of eleven millions, either with or without the name or names of any person as persons being inferted therein as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof; or fhall alter any number, figure, or word therein; or utter or publifh as true any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever; every fuch person or persons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or aflifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publifhing as aforefaid, being thereof convided in due form of law, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccefiors, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in purfuance of the ads for eftabliflhing the fame, or any of them, fhall continue a corporation for the purpofes of this ad, until all the annuities by this ad granted fhall be redeemed by parliament, or fhall ceafe as aforefaid ; and that the faid governor and company of the hank of England, or any member thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this ad.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever fhail be demanded or taken of any of his Ma-

jefty^s

 

1794*1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2*;	419

jefty’s fubje&s, for receiving or paying the faid fubfcription or tributtons, or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concern- ^^sfcrrhig ing the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of them, annuities, on or for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in penalty of aol. purfuance of this a ft, upon pain that any officer or person offending, taking, or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlmtnJier, wherein no eflbin, protedlion, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person or persons fhall be fued, molefted, or profe-cuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this act, fuch person or persons fhall and may plead the general iffue, and General ifTue# give this a£t and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs, fhall difcon-tinue his, her, or their action or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againff any fuch plain- Treble colts, tiff or plaintiffs.

CAR II.

An aft for granting to his Majejly certain additional duties upon worts,

<wajh, and other liquors, brewed or made in England, for extra ft -ing fpirits for home confumption, and upon fpirits made in Scotland and imported into England.—[Feb. 21, 1794. J

Molt gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeefts, the com- Preamble, mons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick ex-pences, and making fuch permanent addition to the publick revenue, as fhall be adequate to the increafed charge occafioned by any loan to be raifed, or ftock to be created, by virtue of any aeff or adts for that purpofe to be paffed in this feffion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto yourMajefty the feveral new and additional rates and duties here-in-after refpectively mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the Kings moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That from and after the day on which this adt fhall have received his The following Majefty’s royal affent, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and ^s^exebb1* paid to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for to be paidj '

and viz.

 

4^0

For every gallon of walh made in England from grain, for home confumption, id.: For ever gallon from other Britilh materials, id.:

For every gallon from me-1 riles or fugar, i d. 2 q.:

For every gallon from foreign materials, except melafles and fugar, 2d.;

For every 96 gallons made by MefT. Bi-lhop from iialb. ofcorn as. 8d. aq.

For every gallon, not exceeding 1 to 10 over proof, made in Scotland, and imported into England, 5 d. aq.:

For every gallon of a greater ftrength, &c.a proportionate additional duty.

Anno regnt tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2. [1794*

and in refpe6t of the feveral matters and things herein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already impofed for or in refpetSfc thereof by any a61 or acls of parliament, the further duties of ex-cife herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay,

For every gallon of fermented wort, or wafh, which fhall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, for extradling fpirits for home confumption, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, to be paid by the makers or diftillers thereof, one penny:

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wafh or liquor which fhall be brewed or made as aforefaid, from any fort or kind of Britifh materials (except fucb as are before mentioned’), or from any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confump-» tion, to be paid by the makers or diftillers thereof, one penny: For every gallon of fermented wort, or wafh, which fhall be brewed or made as aforefaid, from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, to be paid by the makers or diftillers thereof, one penny halfpenny: For every gallon of wafh which (hall be brewed or made as aforefaid, from foreign refufed wine or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared' from foreign materials (except melafles and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, to-be paid by the makers or diftillers thereof, two-pence: For every ninety-fix gallons of wafh which iir William Bijhop, Angles Bijhop, and George Bijloop of Maidjlone, or the furvivor or furvivors of them, fhall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the furn of two fhiliings and eight-pence three farthings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity of fuch wafh:

For every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of fpirits, of a ftrength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which fhall be made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland., and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof five-pence halfpenny:

And for every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of fuch fpirits, of a greater ftrength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, an additional duty in proportion to the furplus ftrength, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof.

Duties to be II. And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforefaid, That under the ma- fuch of the duties by this a61 impofed as fhall arife in that part the^co^mir Great Britain called England, fhall be under the management fioners of ex- of the commiflioners of excife in England for the time being; and die.	fuch	thereof as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called

Scotland, fhall be under the management of the commiflioners of excife in Scotland for the time being.

r. ■	III.	Pro-

 

1794*] Anno regni t-ricefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2.’	421

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacfted by the authority Wafh made in aforefaid, That no wafh which fhall be brewed or made in that

part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the q^q ‘f c. 4.6. rules, regulations, and provilions of an a£l, made in the twenty- for exporta-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for extracting low tion to Scot-wines or fpirits for exportation from thence to that part of Great |^nd’ not Jia-Britain called Scotland, fhall be charged or chargeable with any deer this^d!^ duty or duties of excife granted by this act.

IV.	And whereas ftanding contracts may have been made before the day on which this aft fhall have received his Majefty's royal cijjent by dftillers and makers of fpirits, for Britifh fpirits to be delivered after

the day on which this aft fhall have received his Majefty s royal affent; Hillers deli-be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fuch dif-	after

tillers and makers of fpirits delivering fuch Britifh fpirits after the paffing this day on which this a£l fhall have received his Majefty’s royal af- ad, on con-fent in purfuance of fuch contracts, fhall be allowed to add fo tra(% made much money as will be equivalent to the duties by this act impofed, hereto,3may for or in refpedt of the wort or wafh from whence fuch fpirits were add what will extradfed or made, to the price thereof, and fhall be entitled by he equivalent virtue of this aCt to be paid for the fame accordingly.	to the dut*cs>

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That Duties to be all the monies from time to time arifing by the feveral new and pahl into the additional rates and duties by this act impofed as aforefaid (the and carried to neceftary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame refpec- the confoli-tively excepted), fhall, from and after the patTing of this aCt, dated fund, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Weftminfter ; and the faid money fo paid into the exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be carried to, and made part of, the con-

folidated fund.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That the mo- Duties to nies arifing, or to arife, of the feveral rates or duties hereby apphed in de-granted, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient, fhall be deemed encreafecf1^ an addition made to the revenue for the purpofe of defraying the charge occa-increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or ftock created, honed by any or to be created, by virtue of any aCf or acts paiTed, or to be palled,

in this feffion of parliament; and that the faid monies fhall, dur- for ro’years ing the fpace of ten years next enduing, be paid into the faid re- to be kept receipt diftindtly and apart from all other branches of the publick Parate from revenues; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office ottler monies, of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch in-creafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, upon any account whatever.	The powers of

VII.	And be it further enacfted, That all and every the powers,	^

dire&ions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, any other law which, in and by an a6t, made in the twelfth year of the reign of relating to the King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the excite, to ex-

i	c*mte"dtotto

act.

 

422	Anno	regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGH III. c. 3. [1794.

court of wards and liveries, and tenures i 11 capite, and by knights fervice and purveyance, and for jettling a revenue upon his Majefly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, are provided and eflablifhed for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afcertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in luch cafes for which other pro-vifions are made and prefcribed by this aft), fhall be p radii fed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excife duties by this aft impofed, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in this prefent aft.

CAP. III.

An aft for granting to his Majefly certain additional duties on foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain.'—[Feb. 21, 1794.]

Molt gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. "TITTE, your Majefty’s mo^ dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the com-V V mons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, and making fuch permanent addition to the publick revenue, as fhall be adequate to the increafed charge occa-fioned by any loan to be raifed, or flock to be created, by virtue of any aCl or aCts for that purpofe to be pafTed in this feflion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefly the feveral new and additional rates and duties herein-after refpeClively mentioned; and do therefore molt humbly befeech your Majefly that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority The following of the fame, That from and after the day on which this aft fhall additional du-have received his Majefly’s royal afTent, there fhall be raifed, tobe^ aid on ^ev*e<^ collefted, and paid to and for the ufe of his Majefly, his imported fpi- beirs and fucceffors, for and in refpeft of the feveral matters and rits;	things	herein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already

impofed for or in refpeft thereof by any aft or afts of parliament, the further duties of excife herein-after mentioned; that is to fay,

For every gal- For every gallon of fingle brandy which fhall be imported into

Ion of fingle Qreat Britain, to be paid by the importer, before the landing brandy, iod.: . r „	’	r J	°

3	thereof,	ten-pence:

For every gal- For every gallon of brandy above proof, which fhall be import-.

Ion of brandy ed into Great Britain, to be paid by the importer, before the land-

j^°hereof, one billing and eight-pence;

For r al Ir°r ever7 gab°n of rum, fpirits, or aqua vitce, of the produce loaoTfpiriU *	Britijh colonies or plantations, which fhall be imported

from

 

1794 ] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3.	423

from beyond the feas into Great Britain, to be paid by the im- °f the Britifti porter, before the landing thereof, eight-pence:	colonies, 3d.

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vitay above proof, j^otTuclf^" of the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which fhall ^ jrjtg a^ove be imported from beyond the Teas into Great Britain, to be paid proof, is. 4d.: by the importer, before the landing thereof, one (hilling and four-

pence :

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which, on the twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, fhall be in any warehoufe in which the fame fhall have been put, fubje6b and according to the rules, regulations, reftri&ions, and provi-fions contained and provided in an a6b, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, concerning the landing of rum or fpirits of the Britijh fugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excife, and lodging the fame in warehoufes, and which fhall, from and after the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, be delivered out of any fuch warehoufe, eight-pence, to be paid by the importer upon demand:

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, over proof, of the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which, on the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, fhall be in any fuch warehoufe, and which fhall, from and after the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, be delivered out of any fuch warehoufe, one (hilling and four-pence, to be paid by the importer, upon demand:

For every gallon of fingle fpirits, or aqua vita, (other than fuch brandy, rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, as aforefaid), which fhall be imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain, to be paid by the importer, before the landing thereof, ten-pence:

For every gallon of fpirits or aqua vita, (or other than fuch brandy, rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, as aforefaid), above proof, which fhall be imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain, to be paid by the importer, before the landing thereof, one (hilling and eight-pence.

For every gallon of fuch fpirits warehoused on Feb. 12, 1794* and aftewards delivered, 8 d*

For every gallon above proof fo ware-houled, and delivered, is* 4 d*

For every gallon of fingle fpirits imported (other than as aforefaid), iod.; and For every gallon above proof, is. 8(L

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Theadditionat faid, That the additional rate or duty hereby impofed for or in re- duty on fpirits fpe£t of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the Britijh

colonies or plantations, imported into this kingdom, may be i0nies, may lie bonded and fecured, and fhall be paid and payable in fuch manner bonded, Sec. only, and under fuch regulations and relbri&ions as the rates and as the prefent duties of excife heretofore charged for or in repeeb of fuch rum, duties, fpirits, or aqua vita, may be now bonded and fecured, and are by law paid and payable.

III.	And be it further enaibed bv the authority aforefaid. That Duties to be fuch of the duties by this a6b impoied as fhall arife in that part of

Great Britain called England^ fhall be under the management of the [he c^mmif-commifiioners of excife in England for the time being; and fuch fionevs of ex-thereef a$ fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, ode.

fhall

 

Additional d uties on fpirits of the Britifh colonies to be allowed on

Perfons delivering foreign fpirits after Feb. 12, 1794, on contracts made previous thereto, may add an equivalent to the duties.

X) uties to be paid into the

424 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. e. 3. [1794?

fhall be under the management of the commitlioners of excife in Scotland lor the time being.

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore fa id, That the duties by this abt impoled for or in refpebt of rum, fpirits, or aqua vitce, of the produce of the Britifh colonies or plantations, (hall be allowed on the {hipping thereof as {lores to be fpent and in them con^umec^ on board, in any voyage to parts beyond the ieas, in the forftores 1 ^ame manner as the former duties impofed thereon now are or hereafter may be directed to be alio we'd by law.

• V. And whereas fan ding contra As may have been made before I he /aid twelfth day of February by importers or dealers in foreign fpirits, for Jack foreign fpirits to be delivered after the faid twelfth day of February; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fuch importers and dealers delivering. fuch foreign fpirits after the faid twelfth day of February, in purfuance of fuch contrails, (hall be allowed to add fo much money as will be equivalent to the duties by this abt impofed, for or in refpebl of iuch foreign fpirits, to the price thereof, and fhall be intitled by virtue of this ail to be paid for the fame accordingly.

VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,. That all the monies, from time to time, arifing by the feveral new and additional rates and duties by this abl impofed as aforefaid, (the neceffary charges of railing and accounting for the fame refpec-tively excepted), (hall, from and after the palling of this abl, from and Carried to ^nie t0	be	paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer

the confollda- at IVcjhnitift er ; and the faid money fo paid into the exchequer as ted fund. aforefaid, fhall be carried to, and made part of the confolidated fund.

Duties to be VII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the applied in de- monies arifing, or to arife, of the feveral rates or duties hereby granted, or fo much thereof as Fhall be fufficient, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpofe of defraying the honed by any increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or hock created, loan of this or f0 be created, by virtue of any abl or abls palled, or to be palled, in this feffion of parliament; and that the faid monies fhall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt diftinbtly and apart from all other branches of the publick reve~ other monies, nues; and that there Fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, {hall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs, or fuccelTors, upon any account whatever,

VJII. And be it further enabled, That all and every the powers, direblions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which, in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the court of wards arid liveries, and tenures in e^pite, and by

knights

fraying any increafed charge occa-

feffion, and for io years to be kept feparate from

The powers of 12 Car. a, c. 24. and of any other law relating to the excife.

 

*794’] Anno regni tricefirrso quarto Georgii III. c. 4.1	4-5

knights fervice and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his to extend to Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating thls a<^ * to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, are provided and eftablifhed for managing* railing, levying, colle£ting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afcertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in fuch cafes for which other provifions are made and prefcribed by this ac5f), fiiall be pra£Hfed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting* mitigating, recovering, and paying the excife duties by this a£t impofed, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing frauds' relating thereto, as fully and effe&ually, to all intents and purpo-fes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, dire£lions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in this prefent a6t.

CAP. IV.

An aft for making perpetual certain duties on foreign fpirlts, and oti fugar, imported into Great Britain. — [Feb. 21, 1794O

Mofl: gracious Sovereign,

Preamble

WHEREAS, by an aft, made in the thirty-firfi year of yoilr

Mfeftfs reign, intituled, Art a8: for granting to his Ma- 3*Geo.3,c.i« jefty additional duties upon worts, wafh, and other liquors brewed or made in England, for extrafling fpirits for home confumption; upon fpirits made in Scotland and imported into England; and upon foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain afts afor difeontinuing, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wafh, and other liquors, there ufed in the difrillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of Britifh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England and to continue, for a limited time, an a<ft, made in the twenty-ftxth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, <c to difeontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confumption, and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britifh fpirits;” it ivas, among (I other things, enafted^ That, from and after the fifth day of January one thoufand jeven hundred and ninety-one, there Jhould be raifed, levied, colie ft ed. and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccejfors9 for and in refpeft of brandy, rum, fpirits, or aqua vitse, imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain, over and above allJuties then impofed for or in refpeft thereof by any aft or afts of parliament, the further duties of excife therein mentioned and expreffed; and it was by the faid aft further enafted, That all the monies ariftng, or to arife by the rates and duties granted by the faid aft, and paid into the receipt of his Majefiy s exchequer, after the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, Jhould, together with fuch other rates Vol. XXXIX.	Ff	and

 

3* Geo. 3., c. 49,

33 Geo, 3, c» 3 9r> and

31 Geo. 3.. j5, recited.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4. [1794»

and duties as Jhould be granted by any aft or afts of the then fejfion of parliament for that purpofe, be a fund for the payment and difcharge of the principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, part of the fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, in purfuance of any aft of the fame fejfion of parliament, and ivbich were raifed by exchequer bills, in purjuance of an aft of the fame fejfion of parliament, (intituled, An a£t for railing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for defraying the publick expences occafioned by the augmentation of his Majefty’s forces in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety) *, together with fuch inter eft as Jhould by the faid aft be dire ft ed to be paid or made payable for the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds; and that upon payment of the J'aid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and all inter ejl to become due there on? or referving, at the faid receipt of exchequer, fo much money out of the Jaid fund to be eflablifed as afore]aid, as Jhould be fiufficient to jatisfy and difcharge the faid principal Jam of eight hundred thoufand pounds^, and all interejl as afore faid, and publication thereof in the manner to be direfted by the faid aft of the fame fejfion of parliament, the faid rates and duties by the J'aid recited aft impofed, Jhould from thenceforth ceafe and determine, and be no longef paid or payable: and whereas by an aft, made in the thirty-third year oj your Majejlfs reign, intituled. An a<5l to continue certain duties of excife on foreign fpirits imported into this kingdom, for a limited time j and alfo for continuing certain laws of excife therein mentioned, the faid additional rates and duties on foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain, granted by the J'aid fir ft recited aft of the thirty •firft year of his prejent Majejlfs reign, unre continued until and upon the. fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five ; and the monies arifing thereby, ofter having fatisfied the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and all interejl to become due thereon, in the manner in the faid aft mentioned, were direfted to be carried to, and made part of, the fund called The Confolidated Fund j and the fame now remain for the further difpofition of parliament: and whereas by another aft, made in the thirty-firjl year c. of your Majejlfs reign, intituled. An a6t for granting to his * Majefty an additional duty on fugar imported into this kingdom, it zvas enafted. That, from and after the eleventh day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, there Jhould be raifed, levied, colie fled, and paid unto and for the ufe of his Majefiy, his heirs and fucccffors, over and above the duties payable by law on and immediately bc~ fore thefaid eleventh day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety -one, the additional duty therein mentionedpn fugars imported or brought ' into Great Britain, and not warehoufed, and it was, by the faid afty further enafted. That, for certain forts of fugar therein mentioned, there jhould be allowed, on exportation thereof to the exportera certain drazvback therein mentioned; and it was alfo thereby further enaftedy That all the monies arifing, or to arije, by the rates and duties granted by the faid aft, and paid into the receipt of his Majefiy s exchequer, after the fifth day of April one thoujemd feven hundred and ninety-two, Jhould, together with fuch other rates and duties as Jhould be granted

by

 

I794O Anno regni trlcefimb quarto Georgii III. c. 4.	427

by any aEl or a5ls of the then fejjion of parliament for that purpofe, be a fund for the paynjent and difcharge of the feveral principal fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, amounting to the fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds^ to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, in purfuance of any a5l of the fame fejfon of parliament* (and which were raifed by exchequer bills in purfuance of the faid aft of the fame fejjion of parliament before mentioned), together with fuel? interejl as fhould by the faid a 51 be dire died to be paid or made payable, for the faid principal fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one million and, thirty-three thoufand pounds 5 and that, upon payment of the faid principal fans of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and all interejl to become duejhereon, or referving at the faid receipt of exchequer fo much money out of the faid fund, to be efablijhed as aforefaid, as jhould be fujfcient to fatisfy and difcharge the faid principal fums of eight hundred thoufand poundsi and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and interefi as afore-faid* and publication thereof in the manner to be clireSled by the faid a5l of the fame fejfon of parliament, the faid rates and duties thereby impojed Jhould from thenceforth ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable: we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards 'tailing the neceflary fupplies, and making fuch permanent addition to the publick revenue* as fliall be adequate to the increafed charge fcccafioned by any loan to be raifed, or flock to be created, by virtue of any aft or afts for that purpofe to be pafled in this feftlon of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refolved to continue and make perpetual the feveral and refpeftive rates and duties hereinbefore mentioned; and do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majeflythat it maybe enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft (excellent majefty,byand with the advice and confentof the lords fpi-ritual and temporal,and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid duties of The duties excife impofed by the faid firft recited aft, for and in refpeft of [^firftrmted brandy, rum, fpirits, aqua vitee, and alfo the faid duties impofed a<5t on fpirits by the (aid laft recited aft, for and in refpeft of fugar imported as imported, and aforefaid, fliall be, and are hereby tefpeftively further continued the duties inland made perpetual, and fliall be paid to his Majefty* his heirs Jff^backs and fucceffors ; and that the faid drawbacks allowed by the faid allowed on laft recited aft* fhall alfo be, and are hereby continued and made fugar import-perpetual ; any thing in the faid recited afts contained to the con- ed by the laft, trary thereof notwithftanding : and the faid duties and drawbacks |™*deperpe-hereby continued and made perpetual, fhall feverally and refpec-tively be paid and allowed by and to fuch perfons, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the faid duties were feverally and refpeftively payable by law, and the faid drawbacks were direfted tQ be allowed under or by virtue of the faid afts, or any other aft: or afts of parliament in force at and immediately before the palling of this aft.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Such part of

all fuch parts of the faid fecond recited aft, for railing a fum Gftiie ^ec(>Pd re“ r	r	^	®	.	cited aft as

r f 2	money	reqUire6 the

Hosted by GoOglC

428 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5—7. fI794*

treafuryto money by loans or exchequer bills as aforefaid, requiring the

for the a ter comrn^oners °f treafury, or the high treafurer for the time

ruination of”	to iffue their or his orders to the refpe£Uve commiffioners

duties repeal- of excife, or to the commiffioners of cuftoms for the determination

ed.	of any of the faid duties hereby continued and made perpetual, and

all directions for the publication thereof, as far as the fame relate to

the faid duties, fhall be, and are hereby repealed.

Duties to be III. And be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid, That

paid into the aj] t|le m0nies, from time to time arifing by the feveral rates and (xchcoucr	.	^	j	^	#

and carried to duties by this a6t continued and made perpetual as aforefaid, (the

the conl'oli* neceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame refpec-

dated fund ; tively excepted), (hall, when and as the fame refpe&ively (hall take

effecl by virtue of this a£l, from time to time, be paid into the

receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at JVefhninJJer ; and the faid

money fo paid into the exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be carried toT

and made part of the confolidated fund.

and to be ap- IV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the monies

plied in de-	ariftng, or to arife, from the faid rates and duties, when and as the

in created ^	fame refpeclively fhall take effeCl by virtue of this act, or fo much

charge occa- thereof as fhall be fuflicient, fhall be deemed an addition made to

honed by any the revenue, for the purpole of defraying the increafed charge

loan of this	occafioned by any loan made, or flock created, or to be created,

feflion ; and	^ vjrtLie af any a(^ or a£fs palled, or to be paffed, in this feffion

jor 10 years	y	r ^ ^	#	i~ ^	*

tobekev't fe- °1 Parliament; and that the faid monies, during the fpace of ten

parate from years next ending, fhall continue to be paid into the receipt of

other monies, his Majefty’s exchequer at TVeJhninJler, diftinclly and apart from

all other branches of the publick revenues ; and that there fhall

be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt,

a book or books, in which all the monies ariiing from the laid

rates and duties paid into the faid receipt fhall, together with the

monies arifmg from any other rates and duties granted in this

feffion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed

charge as aforefaid, be entered 1'eparate and apart from all other

monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or lucceifors,

upon any account whatever.

CAP. V.

An ad to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the luhjeds of his Majefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the terri-. lories belonging to the united ftates of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid united ftates.—[Feb. 21, 1794.]—Continued to April 5, 1795.

CAP. VI.

An ad for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore.—

[Feb. 2i, x 794-1

e a p. vii.

An ad for continuing.and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, rr«urn, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thouland feven hundred and ninety-four.—*[Feb. 21, 1794.] — x Geo. 3. c. 3. corv-tmuedto June 24, x79J.

 

1794-] Annoregni tricefuno quarto Georgii III. c. 8,9. CAP. VIII.

An a<5t for ’granting:*an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four. — [Feb. 21, 1794.] — Four (hillings in the pound. In England toraife 1,989,673b 7s. lod. iq. In Scotland 47,954b rs. 2d. Total 2,037,627b 9s. od. iq.

429

cap. ix.

An aft for preventing money or effefts, in the hands of his Majefty’s fuhjefts, belonging to or difpojcable by persons refulent in France, being applied to the ufe of the perjons exercifing the powers of government in France ; and for preferving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof — [March 1,

w

1794-J

FI E R E A S the perjons exercifmg the powers of government in France have iffued an order, compelling all oner chants.

Preamble.

hankers, and other perfons, who are pojjejfed of any money, funded property, or effefts, in the different parts of Europe, to declare all fuch money, funded property, and effefts, in order that the fame, by violence, may be taken, and applied for the purpofe of maintaining and carrying on the unjujl ivar in which the perjons fo exercifmg the powers of government in France are engaged againff the greater part of Europe: and zvhereas the direft and violent jeizure, under the faid order, of the property of perfons, fecured to them by the laws of the country in which it is placed, is in itjelf dejlruftive of all commercial credit, and is accompanied by a declaration, that no debts due to the fuhjefts of any of the belligerent powers fhall be paid: in order therefore to prevent the effeft intended to be produced by theje unjujl and violent meafures, and to proteft the property of individuals, as far as cir cum [lances will admit; may it pleafe your Majefty that it maybe enabled and declared ; and be it enabled and declared by the King's moil excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritqal and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any person After March refiding or being in Great Britain {hall, after the .ftrft day of I^I794> jf^n7 March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and during (^^^Bridain the faid war, knowingly and wilfully pay, fend, fupply, or deliver, fhadpay or or caufe to be paid, fent, fupplied, or delivered, either in Great remit any Britain or France, or in any other country, either by payment or rnonry^for the remittance of any bill of exchange, note, draught, obligation, or

ufc of the persons exer-

order for money, or in any other manner whatfoever, any money effing the go-to or for the ufe of the persons exercifmg, or who fhall exercife vernmer.t in the powers of government in France, or to or for the ufe of any France, or of persons or person who on the fir ft day of January one thoufand ^(id im? with feven'hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any time fince in the limits have or has been, or who, at the time of luch act done, fhall be of fuch go-within any of the dominions of France, or any country, territory, vernment on or place, which was on the faid ftrft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or which fhall be during the laid he mall be**

\var, and at the time of fuch a6l done, under the government of deemed a the persons exercifmg, or who fhall hereafter exercife the powers traitor,

'	rr3	«rf

of government in France, every person fo offending, being thereof lawfully convifted or attainted, (hall be deemed, declared* and adjudged to be a traitor, and fhall fuffer pains of death, and alfo lole and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon.

II- And be it further declared and enabled, That if any person refiding or being in Great Britain, {ball, aft&r the faid firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and during the faid war, knowingly and wilfully fend, fupply, or deliver, or caufe or procure to be fent, fupplied, or delivered, either in Great Britain or any other country or place whatfoever, any goods, wares, merchandize, or effedts whatfoever, to or for the ufe of the persons exercifing, or who {hall hereafter exercife the powers of

If any fiich refident fhall fend or deliver, for the ufe of the persons before mentioned, any goods or effects whatever, he

penalties of j6 R'ic. z

fhall incur the government in France, or to or for the ufe of any persons or person who, on the faid firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any time fmee have or has been, or at the time of fuch adt done, fhall be within any of the dominions of France, or in any other country, territory, or place, which was on the faid firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or which {hall be during the faid war, and at the time of fuch adt done, under the government of the persons exercifing, or who fhall hereafter exercife the powers of government in France, every person fo offending, being thereof lawfully convidted, fhall incur and fuffer the pains and penalties ordained and provided by the ftatute of provifion and praemunire made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

If any fuch refident /hall accept, in-dorfe, or undertake for the payment of any bill, note, &c, for the ufe of the faid perfons, he fhall forfeit double the value $

III.	And whereas, notwithf anding the prohibition herein-contained, a falfe credit may be given to bills of exchange, promifory noses, draughts, obligations, or orders for money, by accepting or indorfing the fame, or undertaking to become anfwerable for the payment thereof; be it further enadted, That if any person refiding or being in Great Britain fhall, after the laid firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and during the faid war, knowingly and wilfully in any manner accept or indorfe, c.r undertake to be anfwerable for the payment, in the whole or in part, of any bill of exchange, promifory note, draught, obligation, or order for payment of money, drawn, indorfed, or negociated by or on account, or for the ufe of, or on the credit of, or on the credit of the effedls of, the persons exercifing, or who fhall hereafter exercife the powers of government in France, or any persons or person who, on the firft day of January one thoufand; {even hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any time fince have or has been, or at the time of fuch adt done, fhall be, refiding or being in any of the dominions in France, or in any country, territory, or place, which was on the faid firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or which fhall be during the faid war, and at the time of fuch adt done, under the government of the persons exercifing, or who fhall hereafter exercife the powers of government in France, every person fo offending fhali forfeit and Jofe double the value of fuch bill of exchange, promifory note, draught, obligation, or order, to be recovered and applied as herein-after directed,	>.V.	And

 

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeorgiiIII. c. 9.	431

IV.	And be it further enabled, That if any person redding or as he ftiall being in Great Britain (ball, after the faid firfl: day of March one

thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, knowingly and wilfully, ordcr^for^mo-

in any manner, pay or fatisfy any bill of exchange, note, draught, ney drawn,

obligation, or order for money, in part or in the whole, which, &c. fince Jan.

fince the faid firfl: day of 'January one thoufand feven hundred and

ninety-four, has been, or at any time during the faid war ftiall be aCC0UIjt of

drawn, or accepted, or indorfed, or in any manner negociated in, (-^y of the

or in any manner fent from any part of the dominions of France, perfon» afore-

or any country, territory, or place which was on the faid firfl: day *

of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or at any

time during'the faid war, and at the time of fuch adt done, fhall

be under the government of the persons exercifing, or who (hall

hereafter exercife the powers of government in France, or drawn,

accepted, or indorfed, or in any manner negociated by or for the

ufe of, or upon the credit of, or upon the credit of the effects of,

the persons exercifing the powers of government in France, gr of

any persons or person who, on the faid firfl: day of January one

thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any

time fince have or has been, or who, at the time of fuch adt done,

{hall be, in any of the dominions of France, or in any fuch country, territory, or place as aforefaid, every person fo offending ftiall forfeit and lofe double the value of fuch bill of exchange, note, draught, obligation, or order refpedtively, to be recovered and applied as herein-after diredted, and the payment of fuch bill of and the p.iy-exchange, note, draught, obligation, or order refpectiveLy, fhall ment of Inch not be effedtual againfl: any persons or person whatfoever who not?artbe might otherwife have demanded the fame, or the money thereby ciaim of the made payable; but the demands of all persons whatfoever in ref- person who pedt of the money exprefied therein, and every part thereof, fhall might other-remain and be in full force, notwithflanding fuch payment, and mande^t0*^ notwithflanding fuch bill, note, draught, obligation, or order fhall have been paid, delivered up, or cancelled, or any difeharge fhall be given thereon.

V.	And be it further enabled, That if any person refiding or If any fuch being in Great Britain, who had on the faid firfl: day of January refident, who one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or had or fhall have ^ia<i on

£t any tirr>e after the faid firfl: day of January one thoufand feven	fhall

hundred and ninety-four, and during the faid war, any money, have money, bills of exchange, promifory notes, draughts, obligations, or or- notes, or any (ders for money, feciirities for money, goods, wares, merchandizes, pr effedts whatfoever, of or belonging tq the persons exercifing, ^-^ns afore-©r who fhall hereafter exercife the powers of government in faid, fhall pay France, or to any persons or person who on the faid firfl day of fuch money, January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at apy time fince have or has bepn, or who, at the time effe^S) except of fuch adt done, fhall be in any of the dominions of France, or for converting in any country, territory, or place which was on rhe faid firfl: day them into mo, of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or at any j^it'he^lMr time during theXaid war, and at the time of fuch adl done, fhall forfeit double v f f $	be,	the value'*

43“ 'Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 9. [1794.'

be, under the government of the persons exercifing, or who fhall hereafter exercife the powers of government in France, fhall, after the faid firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, knowingly and wilfully pay or otherwife fatisfy any fuch money to any other perfon, or deliver or otherwife part with fuch bills of exchange, promifory notes, draughts, obligations, or orders for money, or fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandizes, or effedts, unlefs fuch bills of exchange, notes, draughts,

)	obligations,	or	orders	for	money,	fhall	be	delivered	or	parted	with

for the purpofe only of receiving and retaining the money due thereon refpedlively, and fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, and effedls, fhall be delivered or parted with for the purpofe only of felling the fame, and converting the fame into money, to be received and retained by the person or persons fo felling the fame, every person fo offending fhall forfeit and lofe double the value of fuch money, bills of exchange, notes, draughts, obligations, orders, fecurities, goods, wares, merchandizes, and effedls refpedlively, to be recovered and applied as herein-after diredted ; and no pay ment of any fuch money, or delivery or difpofition of any fuch purpofe afore- bills of exchange, notes, draughts, obligations, orders, or fecuri-bar th^dHim **es ^or money> nor any payment or difcharge of any money for of any person which any fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, or effedls as afore-who might faid, fhall be fofold as aforefaid, except for the purpofes aforefaid, have demand- fhall be effedlual againft any persons or person whatfoever, who ed the fame; mjgbt haye demanded the fame if fuch adls had not been done ;

but the demands of all persons whatfoever in refpedl of fuch property fhall remain and be in full force, notwithflanding any difcharge of any nature whatfoever which may be given for the lame; fave only and except that no fuch demand fhall prejudice or affedf: any person who fhall have received or purchafed fuch money, bills, notice oftheir notes, draughts, obligations, orders, fecurities, goods, wares, being paid^or merchandizes, or effedls refpedlively bona fide, for full confider-?

ation, and without notice that the fame was or were paid, fold, delivered, or difpofed of refpedlively contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adl.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That nothing in this adl contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any adl which fhall be done by any perfon, or in any place, by virtue of or in obedience to a licence and authority from his Ma-

and the payment of fuch money, or parting with luch notes or effedts, except for the

except where fuch money, See. has been received, or effedts purchafed bona fide, without

difpofed of contrary to this adt.

This adl not to extend to any thing done by authority of his

Majefty or in jefly, either under his fign manual, or by order in council, or - lervice* proclamation, or from any persons or person to be authorifed by his Majefty, under his fign manual, or otherwife, as his Majeily fhall think fit, to give fuch licence and authority, or to any adl which fhall be done in his Majefty’s fervice, by any person or persons who fhall be employed therein, or to any adt which fhall be done in aiding or affifting fuch persons whiift fo employed, or to any person employed, or to be employed, in his Majefty’s fervice, who has been, or fhall be, during and for the purpofe of fuch employment in any of the dominions of France, or in any country,

^__________   1____________________ r.-.A	a___ rv_______

territory, or place, which was on the

faid firft day of January one thou fan 4

 

433

?794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 9.

. thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or fhall be, at any time during the faid war, under the government of the persons exer-cifing the powers of government in France,

VIL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any acSlion or fuit, either in law or equity, fhall be commenced or profecuted for the recovery of any debt or demand, contrary to the provifions of this aft, it fha!l and may be lawful for the court in which fuch action or fuit fhall be commenced, in term time, or any one or more of the judges of fuch court out of term, in a fummary way, to difcharge the defendant or defendants arretted on mefne procefs, and to. ftay all further proceedings in fuch aftion or fuit, upon inch terms as to fuch court or judge refpeftively fhall appear nocellary to enforce the provifions of this aft.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no per-fon fhall be fubjeft to any penalty or forfeiture, or to anfwer for any damage for not paying or not delivering any money, bills of exchange, promifory notes, fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, or effefts, at anytime after the firft day of February one thoufand.feven hundred and ninety-four, the payment or delivery whereof, after the firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, is prohibited by this act.

the payment or delivery whereof after March i, is

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That nothing done in obedience to this aft (hall alter or affeft the right, title, or intereft of any person whomfoever, to, or in any property whatfoever, real or perfonal, or any contract or agreement what-foever, further or other wife than as in this adt is exprefled.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this aft, fhall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and fhall be fued for and recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhninjier, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeftively, wherein no elfoin, wager of law, ftay of proceedings, except by fuch rule or rules of the court wherein the aftion or other proceeding fhall depend, as fhall he thought in juftice neceft'ary for fpecial caule to be ex-prefled in eVery fuch rule, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

If any aftion fhall be commenced for any demand contrary to this abt, the court may difcharge the defendant, and ftay further proceedings.

No person fhall be fufjefty to any penalty, or anfwer for any damage, for not paying money or delivering notes or effefts after Feb. prohibited. This aft: fhall not affeft: the right to any property, &c. further than herein ex-preffed.

All fines fhall be to his Majefty, and may be recovered in any court of record in Weftminfter* or the court of exchequer in Scotland.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any person fhall be committed, for any offence againft this aft, to any common gaol or other place, there to remain until delivered by due courfe of law, It fhall and may be lawful for any of the jufticqs of his Majefty’s courts at IVeftminfter, or for any of the barons of the exchequer, being of the degree of the coif, or for the lord juftice clerk or any of the commiffioners of judiciary in Scotland, if upon application made he fhall think it rea-fonable, to admit fuch person to bail, he or fhe giving fufficient fecurity for his or her appearance to anfwer the matters wherewith he or (lie fhall be charged.

XiL And bp it further enacted by the authority aforqfaicij That .	‘	?ny

Perfon3 committed for offences againft this aft may be admitted to bail.

Where offences may be tried.

 

434

Per fens in-di&ed-to be entitled to the benefit of 7 Gill 3. c. 3. and 7 An 112s, C* 21,

Nothing in this a<5t fhall. alter 33 Geo. 3- c.a;.

A& may be repealed or altered this feffion.

Preamble.

2S Geo. 3.

C* 55. recited.

From Aug. 1, 1794, the duties impofed by recited a#

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Geopgii III. c. io. [1794.

any offence againfl this aft, committed out of this realm, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried in any county, {hire, or ftewartry of this realm; and that any offence againft this aft, committed within that part of Great Britain called Eng-land, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried in the county where fuch offence fhall have been committed, or in the county of Midcllefex; and that any offence againfl this aft, committed within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried either before the court of judiciary at Edinburgh, or in any of the circuit courts in that part of the united kingdom ; and that all and every person or persons that fhall at any time be accufed, or indifted, or profe-cuted for any offence made or declared to be treafon by this aft, fhall be entitled to the benefit of the aft of parliament made in the feventh year of William the Third, intituled, An aft for regulating of trials in cafes of treafon and mifprifion of treafon; and alfo of the provifions made by another aft of parliament, palled in the feventh year of Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for improv-■ ing the union of the iivo kingdoms.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this aft contained, fhall be conflrued or taken in any manner to alter the provifions contained in an aft pafled in the lafl feiTion of parliament, intituled, An aft more effeftuallv to prevent, during the prefeni- war, all traiterous correfpondence with, or aid or affifance being given to his Majeflfs enemies, or any of fuch provifions.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to repeal, vary, or alter this aft, or any claufe, matter, or thing therein contained, during this prefent feflion of parliament.

CAP. X.

An aft for repealing the Jlamp duties on gloves and mittens fold by retail—[March	1794.J

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences to be taken out by persons vending gloves or mittens, aqd alfo certain duties on gloves and mittens fold by retail), it was, amongfi other things, enafted, *Ehat, from and after the firjl day of Aug u ft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, there Jhould be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, certain Jlamp duties on every pair of gloves or mittens which Jhould be uttered, vended, or fold by retail in Great Britain, according to the refpeftive prices thereof therein mentioned: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s ino'ft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four^ the duties on gloves and mittens fold by retail^ granted by the

 

1794-1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 11.	435

faid recited a£l, (fell ceafe and determine; and that then and ongloves and from thenceforth all the powers and authorities given and granted,	L°

and the rules and regulations eftablifted and prefcribed by the faid recited a£l, in relation to the managing, fecuring, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the laid duties on gloves and mittens fold by retail, and all penalties and forfeitures in refpedl thereof, fhali alfo ceafe and determine; fav6 2nd except fuch of the faid powers, authorities, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in the faid recited acf contained, as relate to the duties on licences to be taken out by dealers in fuch gloves or mittens by retail; and alfo fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering of any arrears which may remain unpaid of the faid duties on gloves and mittens hereby repealed, and to the accounting for the fame, or to any penalty or forfeiture which fhali have been incurred upon or at any time before the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four ; anything herein-before contained to the contrary notwith-fending.

CAP. XI.

An aft for repealing the duties on the regijlry of burials, birthss marriages, and chrijienings.—[March i, 1794.J

WHEREAS by an aft made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble, reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An a£l for granting 23 Geo. 3, to his Majefty a {lamp duty on the regiflry of burials, marriages, c. 67. and births, and chriftenings), it was enabled. That, from and after the frfl day of Odlober one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, there Jhould he charged,, levied, and paid unto and for the ufe of his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors, a certain jlamp duty upon the entry of any burial\ marriage, birth, or chr'tjlening, in the regijler of any parijh, precinft, or place in Great Britain : and whereas by another aft made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his faid Majejly, (in-	^ rented

tituled, An a£l to extend the provisions of an a£l, made in the c* 75* reU ^' twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign c for granting to his Majefty a {lamp duty on the regiltry of burials, marriages, births, and chriftenings,’ to the regiflry of burials, births, and chriftenings of proteftant diftenters from the church of England) \ it was enabled. That the provifions of the faid frfl recited aft jlmdd pxtend to all his Majejly s protejtunt fubjefts, diffenting from the church 0/*England, in the manner therein mentioned: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords lpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That, from and after the firft day of October one thoiftand leven From OS:. 1, hundred and ninety-four, the faid recited duties {hall ceafe and ^eslrr^^ determine; and that then and from thenceforth all the powers bv the recited and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations a&s to peafe. prefcribed by the faid recited abb, or either of them, in relation to the managing, fecuring, collecting, recovering, and paying

the.

 

4Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 12—14. [1794.

the faid duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in refpedf thereof, {hall alfo ceafe and determine; fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid duties, and to the accounting for the fame, or to any penalty or forfeiture which fhall have been incurred upon or at any time before the faid fir ft day of Oftober one . thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four; anything herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

This aft not H. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing vdhht^of any *n ^is contained fhall conftrued to extend to deftroy, or regifter. ' in any manner affe£f, the validity of any regifter of the births, burials, or chriftenings of any of his Majefty’s fubje&s, whether members of the church of England, or persons diffenting therefrom, now kept, or hereafter to be kept by any person or perfons; but that all fuch regifters may continue to be provided, made, and kept, without ftamping the fame, at fuch places, and by fuch persons refpedlively, and in fuch manner, as they lawfully might have been or were accuftomed to be provided, made, and kept before the palling of this a6h

CAP. XII.

An a<5t to indemnify fuch persons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments ; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe ad millions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miffaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped; to give further time to fuch persons as have omitted tq make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attomies and foli-citors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranfmit deferiptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe.—[March i, 1794.]

CAP. XIII.

An a<ft for punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of

the army and their quarters.—[March 1, 1794.]-Number of forces

60,244, including 3,882 invalids.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for granting to his Majejly certain Jlamp duties on indentures of clerkjhips to folicitors and attomies in any of the courts in England therein mentioned.—[March 28, 1794.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

eamble. TT 7 ^9 your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceftary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s public expences, and make fuch permanent addition to the public revenue as fhall be adequate to the increafed charge oc-5 cafioned by any loan to be raifed or ftock to be created by virtue of any a61 or a£ts for that purpofe to be palled in this feftioq of parliament; have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and e	gran^

 

Afi

1794.] Anno regni -tricesimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 14.

grant unto your Majefty the feveral new and additional rates and duties hercin-after refpe£lively mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, within the bills of mortality, from and after After Feb 5, the fifth day of February one thouland feven hundred and ninety- J794» four, and in every other part of England and in Wales, from and mortality^ and after the tenth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and Feb. io, in ninety-four, there (hall be railed, levied, collected, and paid unto any other part and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and in refpedt of every contract in writing made after the laid fifth *he following and tenth days of February one thoufand feven hundred and additional ninety-four refpe&ively, whereby any person fliall become bound ftamp duties to ferve as a clerk, in order to his admiflion as a folicitor or at- t0 be Pa^; torney in any of the courts of law or equity herein-after mentioned, in purfuance of the laws now in force for the better regulation of folicitors and attornies, the new and additional rates For every con* and duties following, over and above all other rates or duties trad to ferve payable by law upon or in refpedt of the fame ; that is to fay, For as a clerk m and upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece ^^°asa* of paper, upon which fhall be ingrofled, printed, or written any folicitor or at-* fuch contract made, whereby any person is or fliall become bound torney in any to ferve as a clerk as aforefaid, in order to his admiflion as a fo- court at Weft-licitor or attorney in any of his Majefty’s courts at Weflminjler,	fo^rder**

there fliall be charged- a ftamp duty of one hundred pounds ; and to admiflion for and upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or into any court, piece of paper, upon which fliall be ingrofled, printed, or written °f Srfat ^1-any fuch contraT made, whereby any person is or fhall become cbeftTr'^m-bound to ferve as a clerk aforefaid, in order to his admiflion as a carter, or Dur-folicitor or attorney in any of the courts of great feflions in Wales, ham, or in any or in the counties palatine of Chejler, Lancajler, or Durham, or court in Eng-in any court of record in England holding pleas, where the debt ^aS^°where or damage fliall amount to forty (hillings, and not in any of the the debt fliall faid courts at Wejlminjler, there fliall be charged a ftamp duty of amount to 4 os. fifty pounds.	5°b

II.	And be it further enabled, That no person who by any No fuch clerk fuch contract as aforefaid, made after the faid fifth and tenth days unlef^Se* of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four refpec- inc]entUre be tively, as herein-before mentioned, is or fliall be bound to ferve inrolled, with as a clerk as aforefaid, fliall be admitted to be a folicitor or at- an affidavit, torney in any of the faid courts, unlefs the indenture or other writing containing fuch contraft, duly damped according to the	?	*

diredlions of this a<ft, fliall be inrolled or regiftered with the proper officer^ to be appointed for that purpofe in the court wherein fuch person fhall propofe to be afterwards admitted a folicitor or attorney by virtue of his fervice under fuch contract, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution of fuch contract by fuch clerk; and in cafe fuch indenture or other writing fhall not be inrolled or regiftered in fuch court within fix months next

after

 

tvefy flick tierk,previous to his being-permitted to pra&ife, lhall make an affidavit of the payment of the duty, Sec,

438 Anno reghi tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 14.

- after the execution thereof, together with fuch affidavit of thd time of the execution of fuch contra<5f, then and in fuch cafe the fervice of fuch clerk, under fuch indenture or writing, (hall be %	deemed	to commence from the time of fuch inrollment or re-

giftry only, and not from the execution of fuch indenture or writing; any ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithfianding.

HI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every person to be admitted a folicitor or attorney in any of the faid courts by virtue of any fuch contract as aforefaid, made after the faid fifth and tenth days of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four refpectrively, as herein-before mentioned, and fervice under the fame, before he (hall be permitted to prac-tife as a foficitor or attorney in fuch court, or to be inrolled or regiftered therein, {hall make an affidavit of the due payment of the duty by this act: impofed, and fhall infert in fuch affidavit the fum paid in refpect thereof, and alfo fhall fpecify the name and place of abode of the person or persons with whom fuch contract of fervice was entered into, the time of the execution thereof* and the time of inrolling or regifitering the fame; and in cafe fuch person fhall have been previoufiy admitted a folicitor or attorney in fome other court, fhall alfo fpecify in fuch affidavit the court in which he has been fo admitted, and the time of his admiffion therein, and fhall caufe the fame to be duly filed in the court in which he propofes to be fo admitted a folicitor or attorney with the proper officer (to be appointed by each fuch court for receiving and filing fuch affidavits); and every fuch affidavit fhall be produced and openly read in the court in which fuch person fhall be admitted a folicitor or attorney, before he fhall be inrolled or regiftered therein.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pacing of this act, in cafe any perfon, other than fuch person who courts of gVeat	have been admitted an attorney in one of the courts of great

feffions in feffions in Wales, or of the counties palatine of Ghejler, Lancajler, Wales,&c,by or Durham, or in fome other court of record in England where contradf arior attornies ^ave been accuftomally admitted and fworn, by virtue to I he days101* °f a contract made before the faid fifth and tenth days of Febru~ before men- ary one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four refpectively, as herein-before mentioned, and a fervice in purfuance thereof, or who fhall have been admitted a folicitor in one of the faid courts of great feffions, or of the faid counties palatine, or fome other inferior court of equity in England, by virtue of a like contract and fervice, and according to the directions of the feveral acts now in force for the regulation of attornies and folicitors refpectively, fhall, in his own name, or in the name of any other perfon, fue out any writ or procefs, or commence, profecute, or

If any person not admitted in one of the

tioned, fhall, in his own or another name, fue out any writ, Sec, in the courts at Weftminfter, without being admitted in one of them,

he lhall forfeit defend any action or fuit, or any proceedings in any of the faid jooh See, courts at Wejlminjler, as an attorney or folicitor, for or in expectation of any gain, fee, or reward, without being admitted and inrolled an attorney or folicitor in one of the faid courts at ; Wejlminjler according to the directions of the feveral acts in force for the regulation of attornies and folicitors, every fuch perfon

fhall,

4 39

r794.] Arrno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 14;

fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fam of one hundred

pounds ; one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs

and fucceffors, and the other moiety, with full cods of fuit, to

the ufe of fuch person who (hall profecute for the faid offence by

a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, fuit, or information in any of his

Majefiy’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, wherein no protection,

wager of law, nor more than one imparlance fhall be allowed ;

and fuch person is hereby alfo made incapable to maintain or

profecute any action or fuit in any court of law or equity for any

fee, reward, or difburfemejits on account of profecuting, carry- perpons acj

ing on, or defending any fuch action, fuit, or proceeding.	mittedin any

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any per- court atWeft-

fon who fhall be admitted a folicitor or attorney in any of his minder who Majefty ?s courts at Wejlminjler by virtue of any fuch contract ^^VeJfaic^ as aforefaid,. and fervice under the fame, and fhall have duly paid IOol. maybe the duty of one hundred pounds by this act impofed, may be ad- admitted in mitted to be a folicitor or attorney in all or any of the courts in an7 other of this act mentioned, without payment of any further ftamp duty in purfuance of this act, fubject neverthelefs to all and every court8 with-the provifions prefcribed by law with relation to the admiftion outpayment of folicitors and attornies in fuch'courts refpectively, before the of any further palling of this act.	duty; as alia

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That any person persons ad-who fhall be admitted a folicitor or attorney in any of the courts mitted in any of great feflions in Wales, or in any court in the faid counties pa-

latine, or in any inferior court aforefaid, by virtue of any fuch wales, See. .contract as aforefaid, and fervice under the fame, and fhall have who (hall have paid the faid duty of fifty pounds by this act impofed, may be ad- paid the. duty mitted a folicitor or attorney in any of the courts aforefaid (ex- ^h/courts^at^ cept the faid courts at Wejlminjler) without payment of any fur- Weftminfter.) ther ftamp duty in purfuance of this act, fubject neverthelefs to the like provifions and reitriitions of former laws in relation to Perfons ad-•iuch admiffians.	mitted in any

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enated, That any per^ aforefaid by^ fan who fhall have been admitted a folicitor or attorney in any of virtue of con-the courts aforefaid, by virtue of any contract bona fide made, and tra<5ts made of his fervice under the fame, actually commenced before the §^°sr before fifth and tenth days of February one t'noufand feven hundred and mentioned," ninety-four refpedively, as hereinbefore-mentioned, maybe ad- may be admitted a folicitor or attorney in all or any other of the courts mited in any aforefaid, without payment of any ftamp duty by this acl im-

pofed, in fuch manner and fubjeeft to fuch regulations as he might men°of any" have been admitted therein before the palling of this a eft.	further duty.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled. That if any Articled perfon, having been articled to any attorney or folicitor for the clerks having-term of five years, and having duly paid the duty by this a<£t im- ^ot b^*^ pofed (in cafe fuch articles fhall have been entered into after the fjbjedtoany faid fifth or tenth days of February one thoufand feven hundred duty for new and ninety-four refpe&ively), fhall, on the event of fuch attor- contracts with ney or folicitor dying or leaving off his practice, or of fuch ar- other mailers, tides being cancelled or difeharged, or on any other event, before

44° Anno regni tricesimo cjliarto Georgii III. c. 14. [1794;

fore the expiration of fuch term of five years, enter into any fub-fequent contradt with any other attorney or folicitor to ferve him as his clerk for the rcfidue of the faid term of five years, fuch laft-mentioned contract fhall not be fubje£t to or chargeable with any of the duties by this a£t impofed y any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding;

IX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That for the more efte£tual levying.

Duties to be under the care of the com-miflioners of ftan>p duties.

raifing, colle£Hn£

and

paying

all

Parchments for contracts

the faid duties herein-before granted, the fame fhall be' under the government, care, and management of the commiffioners for the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged on {tamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and inlpowered to employ the neceffary offi-± cers under them for that purpofe, and to caufe fuch new {tamps to be provided, to denote the faid feveral new and additional duties refpedtively, as fhall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necefiary to be done for putting this a£t in execution with relation to the (aid feveral duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

X. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That t^b^ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties hereby prior to being charged, fhall, before the fame fhall be ingrofled, printed, or ingrofTed $ written upon, be brought to the head office for fiamping or mark**-ing vellum, parchment, and paper,- and the faid commiffioners, by themfelves or by their officers employed under them, fhall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or perfons, from time to time, ffamp or mark, as this adt diredls, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as fhall be brought to them for that purpofe, the persons fo bringing the fame paying to the receiver general of the ffamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or his clerk, the feveral duties payable for the fame by virtue of this adt. but only one XI. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That where then^am^d any contra<ft	mac^e by indentures of different parts*

and the dupli- or duplicates of any fuch contract, fhall be executed by the feve-cate fhall be ral parties thereto, it fhall be fufficient to ffamp or mark one fuch part or one fuch indenture or writing only with the ffamp or mark herein-before required to be provided to denote the faid duties before fuch contract fhall be engroffed, printed, or written thereon, and that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commil-fioners to provide one other ffamp or mark, to be put upon fuch other part or duplicate of fuch indentures or writing which fhall not have been fo ftamped as aforefaid, and to caufe fuch other part or duplicate of fuch indenture or other writing, to be ftamped or marked therewith, on fufficient proof being made to the fatisfadlion of the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, of the due payment of the duties by this a6t impofed thereon, at any time after the execution thereof, which ffamp or mark, fhall be dif-tinguifliable from any other ffamp or mark ufed or provided ta

be

ftamped after execution, on proof of payment ofduty.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1^94*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRgix III. c. 14.	441

be ufed by the faid commi(boners, by virtue of this or any other ad of parliament; and every fuch other part or duplicate of luch indenture or other fuch writing as aforefaid, which fhall be duly •ftamped or marked with fuch ftamp or mark as laft -aforefaid, fliall be as available in the law,and of the like force and effect in all reipeds whatever, as if the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon the fame fhall be ingroffed, printed, or written, had been duly ftamped before the ingroffing, printing, or writing the fame thereon ; any thing in this ad before contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XIT. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That the fame allowance fhall be made onprefent payment of the The ufual ali faid feveral duties granted by this ad, and in fuch manner as by	°	^

any former law relating to ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper prompt pay-is allowed.	ment of duty.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That fuch ftamps as the faid commiffioners are hereby direded Stamps may and authorifed to provide and ufe, fhall and may be altered and a tere * renewed, from time to time, in fuch manner as any other ftamps under the management of the faid commiffioners are by any former law relating to ftamped vellum, parchment, and* paper, di- -reded to be altered and renewed; and that all persons who fhall have in their cuftody or pofteffion any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with any ftamp or mark, before, the fame fhall have been fo altered or renewed, fhall have the like-remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cafes direded/

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any person fhall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be Perfons coun-counterfeited or forged, any feal, ftamp, or mark, to refemble gn^.c any feal, ftamp, or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this g^ySQf feJ0-ad, for the purpofe of denoting the duties by this ad granted, or nV. fhall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, of any of the faid duties, or fhall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to fuch ftamp duty, with fuch counterfeit ftamp or mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit, or fliall privately or fraudulently ule any feal, ftamp, or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, of any of the faid duties, every person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully con-vided, fhall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Powers, &c. all powers, provisions, articles, claufes, penalties, and forfeitures, ^datWe to^3 and diftributions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters ftair.pduties and things prefcribed or appointed by any former ad or ads of to extend to parliament, relating to the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, this act.

and paper (and not hereby altered), fliall be of full force and ef-fed, with relation to the additional and new rates and duties hereby impofed, and fhall be applied and put in execution for the .Vo*. XXXIX.	G	g	raffing

■'to’

 

442 Anno regni trlcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 15. [1794.

raifing, levying, collecting, and fecuring the faid additional and new fates and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if the fame had feverally and refpedively been hereby re-enaded, with relation to the faid additional and new rates and duties.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Duties to be That the feveral duties herein-before granted, (hall be paid from paid to the re- time t0 time into the hands of the receiver general for the time offtam^duties being, °f duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall pay who (hall pay the fame (the neceffary charges of raifing, paying, the fame into and accounting for the fame being deduded) into the receipt of theexchequer. the exchequer, at fuch time and in fuch manner as the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper are directed to be paid, and the faid money fo paid into the laid receipt as afore~ faid, (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund. Duties to be XVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the applied in de- monies arifing or to arife of the feveral rates or duties hereby created eharg" grantec^ or *° much thereof as (hall be fufficient, fhall be deemed es cccafioned an addition made to the revenue, for the purpofe of defraying the by any loan of increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or dock created this feffion, or tG be created, by virtue of any ad or ads palled or to be paffed ^ears^to^e *n ^e^Ion Par^ament; and that the faid monies (hall, dur-Icept feparate big t^ie fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid from other receipt diftindly and apart from all other branches of the publick monies.	revenues	; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office

of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the laid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, (hall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered leparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefly, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any person or persons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch person or persons (hall or may plead General ilfue. the general blue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his cr their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-Treble colls, fuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XV.

An p£l for granting to his fylajefty certain additional duties on bricks and tiles made in} or imported into, Great Britain.,—[March 28, I794-J

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. “TITTE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds the com-VV mons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, towards

raifing

 

443

1794’] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Geo&gii III. c. 15.

railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick ex-pences, and making fuch permanent addition to the publick revenue as fhall be adequate to the increafed charge occafioned by any loan to be raifed, or flock to be created, by virtue of any a£t or ads for that purpofe to be palfed in this fefiion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefly the feveral new and additional rates and duties hereinafter refpedlively mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly be-leech your Majeily that it may be enadled ; and be it enacfcd by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aiTembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That, from and after the pafling of this a£f, there fhall be raifed, The following levied, colle&ed, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefly, his additional du-heirs and fucceflbrs, for and in refpedt of the feveral matters and JnVricks and things herein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already tiles made in impofed, for or in refpedl thereof, by any a£l or adls of parliament, Great Britain, the further duties of excife herein-afcer mentioned; that is to fay.

For every thoufand of bricks which fhall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity, one Ihilling and fix-pence :

For every thoufand of plain tiles which fhall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity, one fhilling and ten-pence :

For every thoufand of pan tiles or ridge tiles which fhall be made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or Idler quantity, four (hillings and ten-pence :

For every hundred of paving tiles which fhall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding ten inches lquare, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity, eleven-pence :

For every hundred of paving tiles which fliall be made in Great Britain, exceeding ten inches fquare, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity, one fhiiiing and ten-pence: For every thoufand of tiles which fhall be made in Great Britain, other than fuch as are herein-before enumerated or de-fcribed, by whatsoever name or names fuch tiles are or may be called or known, and fo in proportion for any greater or Idler quantity, one fhilling and ten-pence.

The faid duties upon bricks and tiles refpeclively to be paid by the maker thereof.

For bricks is. 6d. per 1000;

Plain tiles is. iod. per 1000;

Pan or ridge tiles4s.10d.per 1000:

Paving tiles not exceeding 10 inches fquare lid ; and exceeding 10 inches is. iod. per 100;

and for all other tiles is. iod. perioqo*

II.	And whereas it is expedient to allow tiles, made for the foie fur* pofe of draining wet or marjhy lands, fuch tiles being of the defeription herein-after mentioned., to be made free of the duties impofed by an aft made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majcfy, arnongf other things, for repealing the feveral duties of excife, arid granting other duties in lieu thereof and alfo by this aft; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and maybe Tiles for

lawful to and for any person or persons whatever to make, for the Z?invngiarT* r r i	„	r n ,	,	’	. ,	may be made

lolc purpofe of draining wet or marlhy lands, tiles nineteen inches free of any

G g Z	and	duty.

444- Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 15. [1794*

and three-tenth parts of an inch in length, and thirteen inches and three-tenth parts of an inch in breadth, bent into a femi-elliptical form, the infide of the crown of the arch thereof being not lefs than feven inches perpendicular from a {trait line drawn from the one to the other fide thereof after the fame is fo bent, and fuel: Tides not being at any part thereof more than five inches diftant from each other on the infide, and tiles as nearly of the dimenlions and bent as nearly into the form aforefaid as may be, to be ufed for the purpofe aforefaid, without being charged or chargeable with any duty for or in refpedt of fuch tiles ; any thing in thefaidadl, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his pretent Majefty, or in this adt contained „to the contrary thereof .	in anywife notwithftanding.

under\he ma*	And	lt	farther	enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

nagement of fach of the duties by this act impofed, as fhall arife in that part of the commit- Great Britain called England, lhall be under the management of fioners of ex- the commiflioners of excife in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be under the management of the commiflioners of excife in Scotland for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the duties by this act impofed, for and in refpect of bricks and tiles refpectively, fhall be drawn back on the exportation of any fuch bricks and tiles refpedtively as merchandize to foreign parts, under and fubject to the feveral rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by any law or laws in force at the time of pafling this act, relating to the exportation of bricks and tiles on drawback, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed. The powers of y, And be it further enabled, That all and every the allow-or of any other ances> powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes? law relating to matters, and things, which, in and by an adt made in the twelfth the txcife, to year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for taki?ig away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in ca-pite, and by knights fervice and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof), or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majeftv’s revenue of excife, are provided and eftablifhed for managing;, raifing, levying, collecting, miti-

cife.

Duties to be

jdrawnbackon

.exportation.

extend to this duty.

gating, or recovering, adjudg

or afeertaining the duties

thereby granted, or any of them (other than in fuch cafes for which other provifions are made and preferibed by this act), fhall be practifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excife duties by this act impofed, and for preventing, detedting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid allowances, powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this prefent act.

The following VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That additional du- there fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the on^mporta-	0aC	Majefty, his heirs and fucccffors, for and upon the fe-

tion: 1 '	ver4

Hosted by



445

1794O Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 15.

veral goods herein-after mentioned, which {hall, from and after the paffing of this aft, be imported or brought into this kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all duties of cuftoms already impofed thereon, the feveral and refpeftive duties following ; that is to fay,

For and upon all bricks, by whatever name they now are or For bricks rs. hereafter may be known, the fum of one {hilling and fixpence ^' Per i°oos for every thoufand, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefter quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name Plain tiles (ex* of Plain Tiles (except galley tiles), the fum of one (hilling and cept galley ten-pence for every thoufand, and fo in proportion for any greater ^,000	*

or leffer quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name F*n or ridge of Pan Tiles or Ridge Tiles, the fum of four (hillings and ten- pence t*Ies 4S* for every thoufand, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer ^er I000, quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name Paving tiles of Paving Tilesy not exceeding ten inches fquare, the fum of i^nches^"^ eleven-pence for every hundred containing five fcore, and fo in fquare nd. proportion for any greater or leffer quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name and exceeding of Paving Tiles, above ten inches fquare, the fum of one (hilling and ten-pence for every like hundred, and fo in proportion for ^	9

any greater or leffer quantity:

And for and upon all tiles, other than fuch as are herein-before and for ah enumerated and deferibed, by whatever name or names fuch tiles ^ce It galley now are or hereafter may be called or known (except galley tiles), tiles) 16. iod, the fum of one (hilling and ten-pence for every thoufand, and fo per 1000. in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid duties herein-before granted upon the importation of fuch foreign bricks and tiles, (hall be under the management and direction of the commifiioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeftively, and (hall be paid down in ready money without any difeount or deduction whatever; and the faid duties (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, recovered, and paid, in the fame manner and form, and under fuch reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by fuch rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties for fuch goods are refpeftively raifed, levied, collefted, recovered, and paid, as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies from time to time arifing by the feveral new and additional rates and duties by this aft impofed as aforefaid (the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the lame refpeftively excepted), (hall, from and after the parting of this aft,

G g 3	from

Duties on importation to be under the management of the com-miffioners of excife, and payable as former duties.

Duties to be paid into the exchequerand carried to the confolidated fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any in created charge occa-fioned by any loan of this feliion, and for 1 o years to be kept fe pa rate from other monies*

Anno regni tricesimoquarto Georgii III, c. 16. [1794;

from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejhninjler; and the faid money fo paid into the exchequer as aforefaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies arifing or to arife of the feveral rates or duties hereby granted, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpofe of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or flock created or to be created by virtue of any adt or adts palled or to be pafTed in this feliion of parliament, and that the faid monies fhall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt diftindtly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues ; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

X.	And whereas funding contra As may have been made before the, pajjing of this at7, by makers of bricks and tiles, to be delivered after the faffing of this a A; be it therefore enadled by the authority afore-laid, That fuch makers of bricks and tiles, delivering fuch bricks and tiles after the palling of this adt in purfuance of fuch contracts, fhall be allowed to add fo much money as will be equivalent to the duties by this adt impofed for or in refpedl of the bricks and tiles, and fhall be entitled by virtue of this adt to be paid for the fame accordingly.

CAP. XVI.

An aA for augmenting the militia.—[March 28, 1794.]

Preamble. \\7 H E RE A S, by an aA made in the twenty-fexth year of the 26 Geo. 3. c.	reign	of	his	prefent	Majefy^ intituled^ An adt for amending,

307. recited, and reducing into one adt of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England^ it is, amongfl other things, enaAed, That the number cf private men to be raifed by virtue of the faid aAj in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town cf Berwick upon Tweed, Jhall confifi of the numbers therein particularly mentioned: and whereas, in the prefent fituation of publick affairs, it is highly neceffary and expedient that the number of the militia forces floould be augmented \ be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the n^nt'	aut^or^y	That if any person or perfons, properly

cept^offers to" qualified according to the laws now in force, fhall offer to his ftife volunteer Majefty’s lieutenant of any county to raife one or more company

W

For bricks, and tiles delivered after pafling this adt, or con* tradts previous thereto, an equivalent to the duty- may be added.

 

1794*1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 16.	447

or companies, to be added to the regiment or battalion of any C0™Panies* county or riding, it fhall and maybe lawful for his Majefty’s	°olun-"

lieutenant to accept fuch offers and to appoint fuch officers ac- teers to regi-cordingly; and that it fhall likewife be lawful for his Majefty’s ments, &c. lieutenant to accept and caufe to be inrolJed any number of volunteers, not exceeding fuch number as his Majefty may, from time to time, during the continuance of this a£t, think proper to authorife, to be added as privates to the eftablifhment of fuch regiment or battalion as aforefaid, and to give to fuch officers raifing companies or privates as aforefaid, fuch temporary rank not above the rank of lieutenant colonel, as his Majefty {halt djrecft; and fuch lieutenant fhall certify to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, the names and ranks of fuch officers within fourteen days after they fhall be fo appointed; and in cafe his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, fhall, within fourteen days after luch certificate laid before his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, fignify his or their difapprobation of any person to be fuch officer in the militia, his Majefty’s lieutenant fhall not grant a com-miffion to fuch perfon, but fhall grant commiffions to fuch per-fons fo appointed, who fhall not be difapproved of by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, within fourteen days as aforefaid, or of whom his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, {hall fooner fignify his or their exprefs approbation ; and on the certificate of his Majefty’s lieutenant, or of the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which fuch company or companies fhall be annexed, that fuch company or companies are actually raifed, fuch company or companies fhall be entitled to the fame allowance of bounty, fubfiftence money, arms, and cloathing, as the reft of his Majefty’s militia forces in this kingdom.

If. And be it further enadled, That all volunteers who fhall Volunteers t# be inrolled and added as privates to the eftablifhment of each	tQ

regiment or battalion as aforefaid, fhall be entitled to the fame bounty, &c# allowance of bounty, fubfiftence money, arms, and cloathing, as as the reft of the reft of his Majefty’s militia forces in this kingdom; and that the militia, his Majefty’s lieutenant .(hall, from time to time, as he fhall find moft convenient, certify to his Majefty the number of volunteers who fhall have been fo accepted and inrolled as aforefaid; and that all persons who fhall engage to ferve either in companies or as volunteers, to be added as privates as aforefaid, in purfuance of this a£t, fhall be enlifted to ferve till fuch time as the militia fhall be difembodied, or till fuch earlier period at which his Majefty fhall think fit to reduce the faid volunteer companies, or to difcharge the faid privates.

III.	And be it enafted, That when any fuch companies, or Regiments fo volunteers to be added as privates, fhall be added to any regi- ^otTo^e^ ment, fuch addition fhall not make it neceffary to feparate fuch macie two bat-regiment into two battalions, but fuch regiment fhall remain and talions. continue one regiment.

IV.	And whereas, by the herein-before recited aft of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty s reign, it is enafted, That when the militia f)all be drawn out and embodied,, an addition fhall be made to the

G g 4	number

44$ Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 17. [1794.'

number of ferjeants and corporals, fo that there Jhall be on* ferjeant A certain pro- and one corporal to every twenty men: be it enadled, That for every nou^commif twenty men who (ball be inrolled and added as privates to the fioned officers eftablifhment of each regiment or battalion as aforefaid, there to be added, fhall be allowed one ferjeant and one corporal; and that it fhall be lawful to add one ferjeant to adt as ferjeant major, and one other ferjeant to adt as quarter mafter ferjeant, to each battalion confiding of four hundred private men and upwards, over and above fuch proportion of ferjeants and corporals as aforefaid.

V.	And whereas by the herein-before recited aft^ of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly^ it is among other things enafted., That the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of any parijh, tithingy or place, Jhall, with the confent of the inhabitants, taken at a vefry in the manner therein mentioned, allow to any volunteer or volunteers, to ferve in the militia of any county or place, the fum of fix pounds each, to ferve in the militia for fuch parijh, tithing, orjplace: and whereas it is proper that the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of any parijh, tithing, or place, Jhould be impowered to allow a fur-

Parifh officers therfum; be it therefore enadled, That fuch churchwardens and fen^of the^in over^eers	and	they	are	hereby	impowered,	with	fuch	con-

habitants may ^ent as aforefaid, to give to any volunteer or volunteers, inrolled allow iol. to by virtue of the faid acl, any fum or fums of money not exceeding volunteers. ten pounds each, fuch fum or fums of money to be raifed and recovered in the fame manner, and with the like power of appeal as is diredted by the faid adf; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in the aforefaid adt of the twenty-dxth year of his prefent Majedy’s reign, or in any other adl that fhall be paded in this feflion of parliament, relative to the raifing, training, paying, cloathing, embodying, and calling out the militia, fhall be applied, pradiifed, and put in execution, with refpedt to the additional volunteer companies, or volunteers added as privates as aforefaid, by this adt diredled to be raifed, in as full and ample manner as if the faid feveral rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were herein again at large repeated and re-ena£led in the body of this prefent adt, fave and except fo far as the fame are altered by any pro-vifions contained in this a<d.

VII.	And be it further enadfed, That this adt fhall be and continue in force until the firfl: day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP. XVII.

An aft for regulating the portage and conveyance of letters by the carriage called The Penny Poft.—[March 28, 1794.]

Preamble. TI7HEREAS every letter fent by the penny pojl from London VV or Weftminfter, the borough ^Southwark, or the refpeftive fuburbs thereof and delivered to any person at any place out of the

cities

Powers of recited adt, &c. to extend to this ad.

Continuance

of ad.

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 17.'	449

cities of London and Weftminfter, the borough of Southwark, the refpeftive fuburbs thereof is fubjefi to the charge of one fenny,1 cwr and above the penny paid upon putting every fuch letter into the penny poft office: and whereas, towards dfraying the ex pence of a more frequent and fpeedy delivery of letters by the fenny poft, it is reafonable that letters conveyed by the faid carriage called The Penny Poft, from places out of the faid cities and borough, and the fuburbs thereof to places within thofe cities and borough, a??d the fuburbs thereof jkould be charged withjhe payment of an additional penny in like manner: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembied, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of I(** addftjona$ this adl, it {hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s poft- letter^fent by mafter general, and his deputy and deputies, officer and officers, the Penny Po& by him thereunto fufficiently authorifed, to demand, have, re-from anyplace ceive, and take for the conveyance of every letter originally fent without to any by the faid carriage called The Penny Poft, and not firft paffing London, *** by the general poft from any place out of the cities of London and Weftminfter* Weftminfter, the borough of Southwark, and the refpedtive fuburbs Southwark* thereof, to any place within the faid cities and borough, and the fuburbs thereof refpedtively, the fum of one penny in addition to the fum of one penny now payable for the conveyance of every fuch letter.

II.	And whereas a penny per letter for every letter originally fent

by the penny poft (and not ftrft faffing by the general poft), to any place within the delivery of the penny poft is now paid on putting every fuch letter into a penny poft office : and whereas it may be convenient that the poftage of letters Jhould be paid in one fum, either on putting in the fayne or on delivery thereof at the option of the perjons fending the fame; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That !t {hall and may be optional in the person and	maT

perfons fending any letter or letters originally by the penny poft on p^tting^ (and not firft paffing by the general poft), either to pay the poPc- letters into the age of every fuch letter or not, as he or they may think proper, office.

on putting the fame into any penny poft office, and that where the poftage (hall be paid by the person fending the fame, fuch letter fliall be delivered free from any other rate or duty of poftage.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

it Ihall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s poft mafter taken where general, and his deputy and deputies, officer and officers, to de- the poftage has mand, have, receive, and take for the conveyance of every letter	been paid

originally fent by the penny poft, (and not firft paffing by the	int^fhc*"

general poft), the poftage whereof {hall not be paid on putting penny the fame into a penny poft office, the feveral rates or fums of office, money herein-after mentioned } (that is to fay),

For the conveyance of every letter fent from any place within Rates, the cities of London and Weft min/hr, the borough of Southwark, and the refpeftive fuburbs thereof, to any other place within the

fa ure

 

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 17. [1794.

fame cities and borough, and the fuburbs thereof, the fum of one penny:

And for the conveyance of every letter fent from any place within the fame cities and borough, and the fuburbs thereof, to any place out of the fame, the fum of two-pence :

And for the conveyance of every letter fent from any place out of the faid cities and borough, and the fuburbs thereof refpe£tively, to any place within the fame, or from any place out of the faid cities and borough, and the fuburbs thereof, to any other place out of the fame, the fum of two-pence.

id. to be paid on putting letters into the penny to be forwarded by the general poll.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend to exempt letters put into a penny poll: office to be forwarded by the general poll, from the payment of the duty now chargeable thereon on putting the fame into fuch penny poft, but that the fum of one penny a letter for each letter put into a penny poft office to be forwarded by the general poft, fhall be pftid upon putting the fame into a penny poll office as heretofore ; any thing herein-beforc contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-vvith {landing.

V. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the fum of one penny per letter, payable upon the delivery of every letter originally paffing by the general poft, directed to any person at any place or places beyond the delivery of the inland or foreign department of the general poft office, and within the delivery of the penny poft, (hall be paid on delivery by the penny poft, in the manner directed by an adl, made and paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An a£l to alter certain rates of poftage, and to amende explain, and paid agieeahle cn\arge fenjcralprovifions in an adty made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other aPts relating to the revenue of the poji office) • any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

VI. And -whereas the conveyance of letters hy the penny poft is by law limited to ten Englifh miles dijlant from the general poft office in London : and whereas it may be expedient to extend the conveyance of letters by the Jaicl poft beyond that diftance in certain cajes y be it therefore further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s poftmafter genera], for the time being, at any time after the paffing of this act, at his and their diferetion to extend the conveyance and deli-yond 10 miles very of letters by the faid carriage called The Penny Pofty beyond

The id. for letters paffing originally by the general poft to places out of its limits of deli-■very and within thofe of the penny poft, to b<

10 5 Grto. 3 c. 25.0

The delivery of letters by the penny poft may be extended be-

from the general poft office.

'The powers of this a<5t to extend to aft places where penny poft offices are or fhall be cftablifhed

the diftance of ten Englijh miles from the faid general poft office in London ; any law, tlatute, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the powers, authorities, and regulations herein contained, with refpe£t to the poft called The Penny Pofty eftabbfhed within the cities of London and Weftminftevy and borough of Southv warky and the refpe£live fuburbs thereof, fhall extend and be applied to the feveral cities and towns, and the places adjacent thereto

~refpe£tively,

 

3794-1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III, c. iS. 451

refpe£tively, in which penny poft offices are already eftabliftied, or hereafter maybe eftablifhed, within Great Britain^ and that the poftmafter general, for the time being, (hall and may in his difcre-tion extend the conveyance and delivery of letters by the penny poft beyond the diftance of ten Englifh miles from fuch cities and towns in which penny poft offices are already or may hereafter be eftablifhed, and that the fame rates of portage hereby made payable, (hall and may be received in fuch cities, towns, and places refpeftively.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That The furplus the furplus which fhall remain at the end of each quarter of all at theemjTof monies arifing by the faid rates and duties by this aft granted, each quarter after defraying the additional expence of the more frequent deli- to be deemed very of letters by the penny poft, (hall be, and be deemed part part of the of the revenue of the general letter office, or poft office, or office Jhe^enerd of poftmafter general, and fhall be carried to and made part of p0ft office, the confolidated fund.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons fhall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch

perfon and persons fhall and may plead the general ifiue, and give General iffiie. the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonluited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him or them* Treble cofts. againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XVIII.

An att for granting rates of pofage for the conveyance of letters and packets between Great Britain and the ifands of Jerfey and Guernfey, and within thofe ifands.—[March 28, 1794.]

WHEREAS it hath been found necejfary for the convenience Preamble.

and improvement of trade and commerce, and for the more Jpeedy conveyance of letters and packets between Great Britain and the ifands of Jerfey and Guernfey, and from thence to the ifands of Alderney and Sark, to eftablifh one or more packet boats between the port of Weymouth in the county of Do lie t, or fuch other port in Great Britain, as his Majeftf s poftmafer general for the time being Jhall appoint, and the ports of Jerfey and Guernfey or one of them $ be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembied, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for Poftage may his Majefty’s poftmafter general, and his deputy and deputies by him* thereunto fufficiently authorifed, to and for the ufe of his tween Great Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, at any time after the parting of Britain and this aft, to demand, have, receive, and take for the port and Jerfey or conveyance of all and every the letters and packets that fhall be Guernfey, or carried or conveyed by packet boats from or to the port of Wey- pey and J

mouth Guernfey.

 

452 Anno regm trlcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 18. [1794;

mouth aforefaid, or from or to any other convenient port in the kingdom of Great Britain, to or from'any of the ports of Jerfey and Guernfey aforefaid, or either of them, and to or from the ports of Jerfey from or to the ports of Guernfey (over and above all other rates payable for fuch letters or packets), according to the rates and fums in fterling money hereafter mentioned, the fame being rated either by the letter or by the ounce; that is to fay.

Rates.

Poft offices and roads may be efta-blilhed in Jerfey and

Guernfey, and the like rates taken for inland poftage as in England.

Powers of 9 Anne, c. 10.

6 Geo* r. c. 21.

26 Geo. z* c. 13.

For every {ingle letter two-pence:

For every double letter four-pence :

For every treble letter fix-pence :

And for every ounce eight-pence :

And fo in proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fnall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty’s poftmafter general, at any time after the palling of this aft, to eftablifh poll offices and poll: roads within the faid iflands of Jerfey and Guernfey, or any of them, wherever it fhail appear to him to be neceflary and convenient for the benefit of trade and correfpondence fo to do; and that it fhail and may be lawful for fuch poftmafter genera), and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto lufficiently authorifed, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-cefTors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the inland port or conveyance of all letters and packets, fent or conveyed by the poll within the faid iflands of Jerfey and Guernfey, or any or either of them, fuch rates of poftage, in proportion to the number of miles or ftages fuch letters and packets are carried or conveyed by the pod, as now are refpeftively fettled, eftablifhed, and afcer-tained, to be paid for the inland port or conveyance of letters and packets, within that part of Great Britain called England.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the eftablifhment of one or more packet boats, between Great Britain and the faid iflands of Jerfey and Guernfey, all and every the claufes, provifions, powers, privileges, advantages, difabilities, penalties, and methods, for the recovery of the fame, and all other matters and things contained in an aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anney intituled. An aftfor eflablijhing a general pojl office for all her Ma-jefly’s dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, and other her Adajefly’s occafionsr (and not repealed or altered by any fubfequent law) ; as alfo in an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Fir ft, intituled. An aftfor preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of excfle, cuflomsy flamp duties, pojl office, and houfe money, fo far as the faid aft relates to the poft office; as alfo in an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the more ejfeftually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco, by land or ivater, and for the eafe of thefair trader in tobacco, and for afeertaining the rates payable.

 

1794*1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgxi III. c. 18,	4^

lie for the portage of certain letters, andfor amending and explaining the laws relating to the fale of fpirituous liquors by retail, fo far as the faid a£l relates to the poft office; as alfo in an aft, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An 4 Geo. 3* aft for preventing frauds and abufes, in relation to the fending and L* 2^‘ receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of poft age; as alfo in an zGt, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, 5 Geo. 3. intituled. An aft to alter certain rates of p of age, and to amend\ ex- c* ^5* plain, and enlarge, feveral provifions in an aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of fhieen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the poft office ; as alfo in an a£1, made in the feventh 7 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for c- S°* . amending certain laws relating to the revenue of the poft office; and for granting rates of poft age for the conveyance of letters and packets, between Great Britain and the Ifle of Man, and within that if and; as alfo in an adl, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of 22, Geo. 3^ his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to enable the commander in chief c* 7°" of his Majefty* s forces, and the fecretary to the commander in chief of bis Majefty* s forces, to fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of poflage; as alfo in an aSt, made in the twenty-third %3 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to enable c' the adjutant general of his Majefty*s forces, and the comptrollers of army accounts, to fend and receive letters and packets, free from the duty of poft age ; and likewife in an acft, made in the twenty-fourth 24 Geo. 3, year of the reign of his prefent majefty, intituled, An aftfor grant- f^* ^ c. 37, trig to his Majefy certain additional rates of poflage, for conveyance of letters and packets by the pof within the kingdom of Great Britain, for preventing frauds in the revenue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goods in letters and packets, and for further preventing frauds and abujes in relation to the fending and receiving of letters and packets free from pofage, or in any other acft relating to the poft office, or any other fhall extend, and be deemed and conftrued to extend to the faid ^fthe^oft iflands of Jerfey and Guernfey, and to each and every of them, and office, to ex-to all his Majefty’s fubjedfs within the fame illes, as fully and efrec- tend to Jerfey tually in every relpedt, as if the faid feveral ifles, and his Majefty’s anc^ Guernfey* fubjedts therein, had been exprefsly included in the faid feveral adts, or in ariy of them.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore faid, That Surplus of the furplus which fhall remain at the end of each quarter, of all ^ch monies arifing by the faid rates and duties by this ad! granted, after quarter to be defraying the additional expence of conveying letters between this deemed part kingdom and the iflands of Guernfey and Jerfey, (hall be, and be or the revenue deemed part of the revenue of the general letter office, or poft

office, or office of poftmafter general, and fhall be carried to, and 1 made part of the confolidated fund.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore faid, That if any person or persons fhall be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuanee of this a£f, fuch perfon

or persons fhall and may plead the general iftue, and give this a£t General iffi*e# and the fpecial matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdidt fhall pafs for the defendant ot defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difeontinne his,

Hosted by

her,.



454

Treble colts.

Preamble. Ad 1695.

Ad 14. Geo. 3,

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 19. [1794.

her* or their action or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him* her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, thenfuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs*

CAP. XIX.

An aft to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to increafe the capitaljlock of the faid company.—[iMarch

28,1794.]

WHEREAS by an ad of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-five, intituled, An a6t for erecting a bank in Scotland, a joint flock amounting to the Jum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds Scots, that isy one hundred thoufand pounds jleriing, was allowed to he raifed by the company thereby eftablijhed, for carrying on and managing a publick bank ; and certain persons therein mentioned were authorifed to appoint a book for receiving the fubjeruptions of fuch persons as were tvilling to become adventurers in the faid joint flock : and by the jaid aft it was declared., that cne thoufand pounds Scots Jhould be the lowefi, and twenty thou-find pounds Scots the higheft fum which any person Jhould be allowed to fubferibe : and by the faid aft it was aljo declaredy that all and every the persons fubferibing and paying to the faid Jlock as , aforefaid Jhould be one body corporate and politick) by the name of The Governor and Company of the Rank of Scotland; under which name they Jhould have perpetual fuccejfion, and Jhould have a common feat: and by the Jaid aft it vjas dire ft ed, that within three months after the aforefaid fubferiptions Jhould be endedy the persons in the Jaid aft named) or any two of them, Jhould appoint a certain day, and make due intimation of the fame, that J'uch and fo many of the adventurers, and none other, as Jhould each of them have fubferibed for one thoufand pounds or upwards in the faid book of the joint Jlock, might eleft and choofe by a majority of votes, which were to be given one vote for every one thoufand pounds Jhare in the jlock, a fit person of'the fubjeri-bersy who had fubferibed for himfilf at leaf for eight thoufand poundsy to he governor of the faid bank ; and another fit person of the jubferibers, who Jhould have fubferibed for himfilf at leaf for fix thoufand pounds y to be deputy governor of the faid bank ; and alfo twenty-four other fit perfons, who Jhould have fubferibed each of them for himfelf at leaf for three thoufand pounds in the faid joint Jlock, to be dir eft ors of the faid bank; and certain other rules and regulations were thereby preferibed for the better ?nanaging and ordering the affairs of the faid bank ; and inpurfuance of the aforefaid aft the faid bank vjas foon after efiablijhedy and has ever fince continued: and whereas by an aft of the parliament , of Great Britain, paffed in the fourteenth year of bis prefent Majcftfs r/eign, intituled) An act to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland to increafe the capital ftock of the faid company, it was enafted, That within one month after the.pajfing of the faid afty or as foon after as might be, the court of ordinary direftors of the faid bank Jhould appoint a book to be opened and kept at the office of the faid bank 6^ Scotland, for receiving fubferiptions for an additional capital

or

Hosted by



455

1794 ] Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGii III. c. 19.

or joint flock, to the extent of twelve hundred thouftand pounds Scots, or one hundred thoujand pounds Jlerling money, and no more ; in which book every person or persons poffeffed of a Jhare or Jhares of the original capital flock of the faid bank of Scotland Jhouid be intitled to fubfcribe for as much of the faid new or additional flock as he, fle, or they Jhouid be poffeffed of, of the old or original flock, at the time of his, her, or their fubjcribing, and no more, or for a leffer number of Jhares thereof, ifJuch person or persons flould fo think proper : and by the faid aft it zvas further declared, that no proprietor Jhouid hold more than twenty Jhares of the old flock, or more than forty (hares of the old and nezu together : and it zvas alfo by the faid aft further declared, that after the additional capital Jhouid be completed, no proprietor Jhouid be elefted governor unlefs he had, upon the original and newflock together, paid in the fan of Jixteen thouf and pounds Scots; nor deputy governor unlefs he had, upon the original and new flock together, paid in twelve thouf and pounds Scots ; nor direftor unlefs he had, upon the original and nezu flock together, paid in fix thouf and pounds Scots ; and that from and after the faid period, no proprietor Jhouid be intitled to give his vote in the election of a governor, deputy governor, or direftor, or in any queftion in any general meeting, zvho was not pojfejfcd of two thoufand pounds Scots of old or new flock, or old and new flock together, and who had not actually paid in the faid two thoufand pounds; and that every proprietor Jhouid have a vote for each two thoufand pounds which he had aftually paid in ; provided always that no proprietor Jhouid ever be intitled to more than twenty votes: and whereas by another aft of the parliament p/'Great Britain, pajfedin the twenty- Ad 24 Geo, 3* fourth year of his prefeHt Majeftf s reign, intituled. An a& to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to increafe the capital flock of the faid company, it zvas enacted. That zvithin one month after the pajfing of the faid aft, or as foon thereafter as might be, the court of ordinary direftor s of the faid bank Jhouid appoint a book to be opened and kept at the office of the faid bank of Scotland, for receiving fubfcriptions for an additional capital or joint flock to the extent of twelve hundred thoufand pounds Scots, or one hundred thoufand pounds Jlerling money, and no more ; in which book every person or persons poffeffed of two or more jhares of the capital flock of the [aid bank of Scotland at the time Jhouid be intitled to J'ubftribe for a proportional flare of the faid nezu or additioal flock, cor-ref ponding to the flares Jb poffeffed by juch perj'on or persons at the time of his, her, or their fubjcribing, and no more \ that is to fay, that each proprietor then holding two flares of the flock Jhouid be intitled to fubfcribe for one Jhare of the nezu or additional Jlock, and no more ; and jo in proportion : and it zvas by the faid lafl recited aft further enafted.

That it jhouid be lazvful to the majority of' a general meeting of the proprietors of the faid bank to call for the whole or any part of the additional [lock, at fuch times and in fuel) proportions as they Jhouid think proper, provided that no fubferiber Jhouid be called upon to pay up more than his jufl proportion of one hundred thoufand pounds Jlerling, the amount of the then additional flock, correjponding to the nu?nber of flares fubferibed for by hhn ; but it Jhouid not be in the power of any fubferiber to pay up the wfyole or any part of the then additional flock, until the

 

45^	Anno regni tricesimo quarto G'eorgii III. c. 19. [1794.

fame fhould be called for by a majority of a general meeting ofproprie-tors : and it was thereby further enabled, That no fubfcriber of the then additional flock fhould be intitled to draw any part of a dividend, either upon his old or new flocks until he had paid up bis proportion of any call of flock that had been ordered by a majority of a general meet-ing of proprietors 5 and each fubfcriber of the then new flock failing to pay his proportion of fuch call fhould be charged with the legal interef upon it until the fame was paid, and fhould have no vote at elections or general meetings while the fame remained unpaid: anditwas there-by further enabledThat after the faid additional flock had been completely paid iny no proprietor fould be elebled governor unlefs he fhould be poffejfed of twenty four thoufand pounds Scots, nor deputy governor unlefs he fhould be poffejfed of eighteen thouf and pounds Scots, nor director unlefs he fhould be poffejfed of nine thoufand pounds Scots of the flock of the faid governor and companyand that after the faid additional flock had been completed, no proprietor fhould be intitled to give his vote in the ele biion of a governor, deputy governor, or director, or in any quefion in a general meeting, who was not poffejfed of three thoufand pounds Scots of focky and who had not actually paid in the Jaid three thoufand pounds Scots ; and that every proprietor fhould have a vote for each three thoufand pounds Scots which he had ablu-ally paid in ; and that no proprietor fhould ever be intitled to more than twenty votesy either in the annual election of governor, deputy governor, and directors, or in any quejlion whatever that might occur or be ?nade the fubjebl of dijcujfion at any general meeting of proprietors: and zvbereas by another abl of the parliament of Great Britain * puffed in A&jz Geo. 3.	thirty-fecondyear of his prefent Majefys reign,	intituled, An adl

to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to increafe the capital flock of the faid company, it was enable dy That within one month after'the firfl day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, or as Jo on after as might bey the court of ordinany directors of the faid bank fhould appoint a book to be opened and kept at the office of the faid bank a/’Scotl a nd,y#r receiving fubferip-tions for an additional capital or joint /lock to the extent of three millions fix hundred thoufand pounds Scots, or three hundred tboufandpoundsflerling money, and no morc\ in which book every person or persons poff.jfed of a fare or fares of the capital /lock of the faid bank for the time fhould he intitled to fubferibe for as much of the new or additional fock as hey fey or they fhould be poffejfed of at the time offubfcribingy and no morey or for a Laffer number of fares, if fuch p erf on or persons fo thought proper: and it was by the Jaid lajl in part recited abl further enabled,, That it fould be lawful to the majority of a general meeting of the faid proprietors to call for the whole any part of the new or additional Jlocky in fuch proportions as they fould think proper; provided that no fubfcriber fould be called upon to pay up more than his juft proportion of three hundred thoufand pounds flerling, the amount of the nevJ flock, correfponding io the number of new fares fubferibed for by him ; but it fould not be in the power of any fubfcriber to pay up the whole or any part of the new additional fock, until the fame fould be called for by a majority of a general meeting of the proprietors : and it was thereby further enabled, That no fubfcriber of the then additional fock

fould

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGIiIII. c. 19.	457

Jhould be intitled to draw any part of a dividend., either upon his old or ncvo Jlock, until he had paid his proportion of any call of flock that had been ordered by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors; and each fubfcriber of new flock failing to pay his proportion of fuch call Jhould be charged with the legal inter eft upon it until the fame was paid and Jhould have no vote at elections or general meetings while the fame remained unpaid; and certain other rules and regulations ivere by the lajl recited a51 preferibed^for the better ordering and managing the affairs of the Jaid bank: and whereas the gradual augmentation of the capital of the Jaid bank fl/'Scotland has been of great benefit to the na-	*

tion ; and it would be offill more benefit, and tend to the further ad-vancement of agriculture, commerce, and manufactures, and be other-wife beneficial and expedient, that the capitalflock of the faid bank Jhould be Jl ill further increafed, fio as not to exceed in the ivbole the [urn of Uuelve millions Scots, or Gne millionJlerling: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enacted by the King’s excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That within one A fubfeription month after the fir ft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or as foon after as may be, the courtof ordinary direc- additional ca-tors of the faid bank fhall appoint a book to be opened and kept at pital. the office of the faid bank of Scotland, for receiving fubferiptions for an additional capital or joint ftock, to the extent of four millions- eight hundred thoufand pounds Scots, or four hundred thoufand pounds fterling money, and no more'; in which book every person or persons poffeffed of three or more fhares of the prefent capital ftock of the faid bank of Scotland fhall be intitled to fub-feribe for two fhares of the faid new or additional ftock, correfpond-ing to the fhares fo poflefled by fuch person or persons at the time . of his, her; or their fubferibing, and no more. ,

II.	And, in order that no per Jon or persons poffeffed of flock in the faid bank of Scotland may be deprived of the benefit thereby intended

them; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall be in Proprietors the power of every proprietor of the prefent capital ftock of .the may fubferib* faid company, by a writing under his, her, or their hands, to au- P10*y. thoriie any person he, (he, or they fhall think proper, tofuhfcribe for him, her, or them ; and the fubfeription of the person fo au-thorifed (had be equally effectual as if the proprietor who gives fuch authority had fubferibed with his, her, or their hands.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the privilege and prefer- Time limited ence of fubferibing to the new or additional ftock hereby given forlublcrip-to the proprietors of the "prefent capital ftock of the faid bank Llon*

fhall be limited to three months from the time of opening the fubfeription book above mentioned ; and'after the expiration of the faid term, in cafe any (hare or Glares of the faid new or additional ftock fhall not have been fubferibed for, the faid fabferip-tion book fhall be (hut, and a general meeting of the proprietors called, upon fuch notice as a court of ordinary directors (hall

think fit

at

whicri meeting tne

(bare

fhares not fubferibed

for, fhall be fold to the higheft bidder, provided fuch bidder be a

V©l« XXXIX.

H h

i-Icw fhares un fubferibed for are to be proprietor difpoitd of.

 

Gain onfhares to be applied to the ufe of the bank.

If (hares are

to be fublcrib edfor.

Anno regai tricesimo quarto GkoRGn III. c. 19. [1794.

proprietor of the prefent capital flock of the faid bank, or be au-thorifed and empowered to purchafe for a person who is a proprietor of the capital flock, by a writing under his, her, or their hands.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any premium or gain be received upon or by the faid fale or Tales, the fame {hall be applied for the benefit of the governor and company of the bank of Scotland.

V,	And be it further enafted, That if any fhare or {hares of the

notahdifpofed new flock fhall not be fold at the faid general meeting of proprie-

tors, then an^ in that cafe the fubfcription book fhall be imme-tiontobeagam ’	.	.	.	.	n	,,	, a .	r	r

opened.	diately again opened, and it mall be in the power or any perion

or persons to fubfcribe for fuch a number of (hares as he, {he, or

they fhall choofe.

General meet-	VI. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be law-

ing of proprie- fuj to the majority of a general meeting of the faid proprietors to

for^evv^ock ca^ ^or w^°^€ 01 any Part	new	or additional flock to

be fubfcribed for in manner above direfted, at fuch tim'es and in fuch proportions as they fhall think proper ; provided always that no fubfcriber fhali be called upon to pay more than his juft proportion of four hundred thoufand pounds fteLding, the amount of the new flock correfponding to the number of (hares fubfcribed for by him ; but it (hall not be in the power of any fubfcriber to pay up either the whole or any part of the new additional flock, until the fame fhall be called for by a majority of a general meeting of the proprietors.

No proprietor	VII. And be it further enafted, That no fubfcriber of new flock

of new ft ock to	ke bitidcd to draw any part of a dividend, either upon his

drsLVv r divi	v	*	'	m.

old or new flock, until he has paid his proportion of any call of flock that has been ordered by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors ; and each fubfcriber of new flock failing to pay his proportion of fuch call fhall be charged with the legal intereft upon it, until the fame be paid, and (hall have no vote at elections or general meetings while the fame remains unpaid.

VIII And it is hereby enabled, That a certificate, under the hand of the accountant of the faid bank, certifying that a call or in^a^,ftnft°rn" ca^s^ave not been paid by any of the persons who have fubfcribed persons failing themfelves to the faid new flock, or by any of the persons for to pay in their whom any other perfon, empowered as aforefaid, has fubfcribed calls.	to the faid flock, (hall, when produced with this aft to the court

of feffion, be a fufficient warrant to the faid court for ifliiing letters of horning againfl fuch person or perfons, for the call or calls unpaid by them, at the inftance or fuit of the treafurer of the faid bank.

General meet- IX. And be It enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall ing of proprie- be in the power of any general meeting of the proprietors of the tors to	faid bank of Scotland, at any time after the fubfcription for the

by^ublick or l'a^ new flock, to dilpofe by fale, publick or private, or by fub-pri vate fale,or fcription or other wife, as they (hall think proper, of fuch part or by iubfcrip- parts thereof as they fhall judge expedient, in fuch towns, coun-t:orij m fuch tjec? and diflrifts, where the faid governor and company of the

bank

dend till his call is paid in.

Court of fef-fion to iffue

 

1794O Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20;	459

bank of Scotland have or fhall have branches or banking offices, places where fubjedft to fuch regulations and limitations as fhall be made by the ^^nches or^ court of ordinary directors of the faid bank at Edinburgh, and banking of-fhall be acceded to by the persons to whom the faid additional flees.

Hock fhall be difpofed of.

X.	And it is hereby provided and declared, That the faid a<ft Former atfts of parliament of Scotland, in the year one thoufand fix hundred Xre^" and ninety-five, excepting fo far as the fame is altered by the faid altered by this a£ts of the fourteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-fecond years of ad.

his prefent Majefty, and alfo the faid a£t of the fourteenth of his prefent Majefty, excepting fo far as the fame is altered by the faid acts of the twenty fourth and thirty-fecond of his prefent Majefty, and the faid other a£ts of the twenty-fourth and thirty-fecond of his prefent Majefty fhall remain in full force in all points, excepting in fo far as the fame are altered by this a£t.

XI.	And laftly, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Publick ad. this a<ft fhall be deemed a publick ad, and fhall be judicially taken

notice of by all judges, juftices, and others whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XX.

An a5l for repealing the duties on paper, pajleboard., millboard., fcale-boardy and glazed paper ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof—[April 4, 1794.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an adty made in the twenty-feventh year of the Preamble. 3 ft reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act for repealing 27 Geo. 3. c. the feveral duties of cuftoms and excile, and granting other du- I3> and ties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue ; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions, of the French king into this kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; certain duties of cuftoms are imp fed upon paper, pajleboardsy millboards, ami fcaleboards imported into Great Britain ; and by the J'aid adfy and another act ?nade in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty^ intituled, An act tor making allowances to the dealers %1 ^eo; 3-in foreign wines'for the ftock of certain foreign wines in their 319 recitc^* poffefiion at a certain time, upon which the duties on importation have been paid; and for amending feveral laws relative to the revenue of excife ; certain duties of excife are impofed upon all papers^ pajieboardsy millboards, and fcaleboards, mads in Great Britain : we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afiembied, thinking it expedient to repeal the faid duties of cuftoms and excife, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be* it enadted by the King’s moft excel-

Hh 2	lent

460 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

lent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords {pi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Duties impof- aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and ed by recited after t^e fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-ae , repea e , four5 the faid duties of cuftoms and excife fhall refpeftively ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof refpe£tively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto, which may have been incurred at any time before, or on the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred the duties on and ninety-four : provided always neverthelefs, That nothing in

ban^i/T See	conta^nec^	extend, or be deemed or conftrued to

langmgs, uc. exten(^ <-0 repea} the duties of excife by the faid recited acls, or

either of them, impofed, for or in refpeci of paper printed, painted, or ftained in Great Britain, to ferve for hangings or other ufes, or the duties of cuftoms for or in refpeci of fuch paper imported into Great Britain; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, in lieu and inftead of the faid refpedlive duties of cuftoms and excife hereby repealed, there fhall be raifed, levied, colledled, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, the feveral duties of cuftoms and excile hereinafter re-fpedlively mentioned ; (that is to fay),

excepted :

and the following duties to be paid :

For writing, drawing, printing, &c. paper imported iod. and for fuch papers made in Great Britain, 2d. aq. per lb.

For coloured and whited brown papers imported 4d. and for fuch made in Great Britain, id. per lb.

For brown paper imported ad. and for fuch made in Great Britain, aq. per lb.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper, fit or proper, or that may be ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, and of all elephant papers, and all cartridge papers,which {ball be imported into Great Britain, whether by the Eajl India company or other wife, a cuftom duty of ten-pence; and for every pound weight avoirdupois of all fuch papers which fhall be made in Great Britain, an excife duty of two-pence halfpenny:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coloured papers, and whited brown papers (other than and except elephant and cartridge papers), fit and proper for the ufe or purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the Eajl India company or otherwife, a cuftom duty of four-pence; and-for every pound weight avoirdupois of all fuch papers (except as aforefaid) which fhall be made in Great Britain^ an excife duty of one penny:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper, fit and proper for the ufe or purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the Eajt India company or otherwife, a cuftom duty of two-pence; and

for

 

1794O Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.

for every pound weight avoirdupois of fuch brown paper, which fhall be made in Great Britain, an excife duty of one halfpenny :	^ fort"0f

For every pound weight avoirdupois of every fort or kind °^papPr import-paper, not herein-before enumerated or defcribed, which (hall be ed iod. and imported into Great Britain, whether by the Eaji India company for every other or otherwife, a cuftom duty of tcn-pence; and for every pound Q^^^itahr weight avoirdupois of fuch non-enumcrated paper, (other than exrept sheat-* and except papers commonly called and known by the names of jng and But-Sheating Paper, and Button Paper, or Button Board), which fhall ton, 2d. 29. be made in Great Britain, an excife duty of two-pence halfpenny: Per

For every one hundred weight of pafteboard, millboard, and Forpafle^mill, fcaleboard, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, whether f^porte^aos by the Eaji India company or otherwife, a culiom duty of twenty anci ior fUch (hillings; and for every one hundred weight of pafteboard, mill- made in Great board, and fcaleboard, which fhall be made in Great Britain, an Britain ios.6d. excife duty of ten {hillings and fixpence, and fo in proportion for cwt* any greater or lefTer quantity of the fame refpedtiveiy:

For every one hundred weight of glazed paper for cloathiers For glazed pa^ and hot prefers, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the Eojl India company or otherwife, a cuftom duty maje ia of twelve (hillings; and for every one hundred weight of glazed Great Britain paper which (hall be made in Great Britain, an excife duty of fix 6s* Per cwt* {hillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of printed, painted, or For paper for ftained paper for hangings, which fhall be imported into Great pQ^t-dTd^er Britain, whether by the Eaft India company or otherwife, over {5.	‘1

and above all other duties of cuftoms impofed thereon, an additional cuftom duty of fixpence, and fo in proportion for any greater or leiTer quantity:

And for every hundred weight of books, whether bound or And for boobs unbound, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, whether	t1*

by the Eaji India company or otherwife, over and above all other cwtT * ^ duties of cuftoms impofed thereon, an additional cuftom duty of one pound three (hillings and four-pence, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity:

Which (aid feveral cuftom duties upon paper, pafteboard, mill- Duties to be board, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedtively imported into P'uc* ^ie Great Britain, fhall be paid by the importers thereof refpecfively; mai-ers, and the faid feveral duties of excife upon paper, pafteboard, mill-board, fcaleboard, and glazed paper, made in Great Britain, fhall be paid by the makers thereof refpedtiveiy.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Duties to be fuch of the faid duties of cuftoms by this adt impofed as fhall arife or become due in that part of Great Britain called England, comiiuf-fhall be under the management of the commiuioners of the cuf- Honers of customs in England for the time being, and fuch thereof as (hall toms and ex-arife or become due in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, yi(e refpec-, fhall be under the management of the commiffioners of the cuf- lVc j:pms in Scotland for the time being; and that fuch of the excife

Bb 3

duti§§

462 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 20. [1794.

duties by this a£t impofed, as fhall arife or become due in that part of Great Britain called England, fhall be under the management of the commi(boners of excife in England for the time being, and fuch thereof as (hall arife or become due in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandr, {hall be under the management of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland for the time being.

The different IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That claffes of pa- paper fit or proper, or that may be ufed for or applied to the Per*	ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of

them; and alfo all elephant papers, and all cartridge papers, which fhall be made in Great Britain, fhall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be papers of the firft clafs within the meaning of this adl; that all coloured papers and all whited brown papers (not being elephant or cartridge papers), which fhall be made in Great Britain, lit and proper for the ufe or purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, fhall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of the fecond clafs within the meaning of this a£t; that all brown paper which fhall be made in Great Britain, fit and proper for the ufe or purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, fhall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of the third clafs within the meaning of this a£t; that every fort or kind of paper, not enumerated or defcribed in any of the three claffes herein-before mentioned (other than and except papers commonly called and known by the names of Sbeating Paper, and Button Paper, or Button Board), which fhall be made in Great Britain, fhall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of the fourth clafs within the meaning of this act; and that ail pafte-board, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper for cloathiers and hot preffers, made in Great Britain, fhall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be of the fifth clafs within' the meaning of this a£t. Makers of pa- V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That per, pafte- all and every maker and makers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, make a^entr° fca^ek°arch or glazed paper, before he, fhe, or they (hall make with the ex- ^ anY paPer> pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, cife officer of fhall, from time to time, make true and particular entry in writ-their mills,&c. jng of every mill, workhoufe, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, and other place, by him, her, or them refpedlively intended to be made ufe of in or for the making, drying, or keeping paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, or any materials proper to be made into paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper refpedtively, and of all vats, prcftes, uten-fils, and veftels by him, her, or them intended to be ufed in or for the making paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, at the office of excife within the compafs or limits whereof luch mill, workhoufe, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, and other Penalty for place refpedtively fhall be fituate; and if any fuch maker or negkdt. makers fhall neglect to make any fuch entry, he, file, or they

fhall.

 

1794-] Anno regrri tricesimo quarto GeoroiI III. c? 20.	463

fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, together with all the paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpecStively, and all the materials proper to be made into paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper refpeclively, which fhall at anytime be found in any mill, work-houfe, warehoufe, ftoreboufe, room, or other place, ufed in or for the making, drying, or keeping of paper, pafteboard, mill-board, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, whereof no fuch entry fhall be made, and alfo all fuch vats, prefies, utenfils, and veflcls, whereof no fuch entry fhall be made.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That All paper, &c. all paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper ^rtain^ ^ whatsoever, made in Great Britain^ fhall be made up by the quantities, maker or makers thereof in manner herein-after mentioned ; that

is to fay, All fuch paper when made, fhall be immediately made up into quires, each fuch quire to confift of twenty-four fheets, and fuch quires fhall immediately afterwards be made up into reams or bundles, each fuch ream to confift of twenty fuch quires, and each fuch bundle to confift of forty fuch quires ; and all fuch pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, fhall be immediately made up into parcels, each fuch parcel containing even dozens of fheets, and not lefs than twenty-four nor more than feventy-tvvo fheets each parcel • and all quires, reams, and bundles of paper, and all parcels of pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, fhall within the meaning of this a6t be deemed to confift of fuch quantities refpecftively, and of no other; and if any fuch maker or makers of paper, pafteboard, Penalty for millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, fhall negledt fo to make default, up fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, or fhall at any time make up any paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, made in Great Britain, contrary to the diredtions aforefaid, fuch maker and makers fhall for each and every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and alfo all the paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper, refpedlively, made up contrary to the directions of this act.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Notice to be all and every maker and makers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, S^en to^the^ fcaleboard, or glazed paper, wbofe mill or mills, or workhoufe when papPr of workhoufes is or are fituate in any city or market town, who &c. is intend* fhall have any paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed ed to be paper, to be weighed and charged with duty, [ball give or caufe welghed.

to be given to the officer of excife under whole Survey fuch maker

or makers fhall then be, twenty-four hours previous notice in

writing, of the particular hour and time of the day when fuch

paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper fhall

be to be weighed and charged with duty; and ail and every other

maker and makers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard,

or glazed paper, who (hall have any paper, pafteboard, millboard,

fcaleboard, or glazed paper, to be weighed and charged with

duty, fhall give, or caufe to be given, forty-eight hours previous Q^certo at

UOtice in writing in like manner; and the officer or officers of tend, and the

H h ^	excife	paper, &c. %q

 

464 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c.20. [1794.

be produced excife (ball, from time to time, attend agreeably to fuch notice

mannerherein §*verb anc* w^en an(l f°on as officer or officers ihail fo fpecified. attend, fuch maker or makers, or his, her, or their fervant or fervants, (hall produce and bring to fuch officer or officers all the paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper re-fpedtively, for or in refpedt whereof the duty is then intended to be charged, Vvrhich paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper ffiall be brought, inclofed or tied up in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, All fuch paper fhall be inclofed and tied up with ftrong thread or firing in feveral covers or wrappers containing one ream or bundle of paper each, and not more or lefs; and all fuch pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpe&ively, fhall be tied up with ftrong thread or firing in fuch parcels as aforefaid, and that the different parts of luch thread or firing ffiall pafs over and crofs each other at the middle of the ream or bundle of paper or parcel of pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedtively; and where the different parts of fuch thread or firing fhall crofs each other, the fame fhall be paffed from thence over and acrofs the ends and fides of fuch ream or bundle of paper, or parcel of pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper refpe&ively; and on each cover or wrapper, produced or brought to fuch officer or officers, there fhall already be denominated, marked, written, or printed by the maker or makers of fuch paper, or by his, her, or their fervant, in large and legible characters, and in words at length, the clafs of the paper inclofed in each fuch coyer or wrapper, dif-tinguiffiing in which of the faid four firfl claffes herein-before mentioned, the duty for or in refpecft of fuch paper is chargeable, together with the true number of fuch ream or bundle of paper, according to the numbers of fuch reams or bundles of paper, of each fuch clafs made by fuch maker or makers at fuch mill during the then current quarter of a year, commencing and to be computed from the fifth day of January, the fifth day of jfpril) the fifth day of July^ or the tenth day of OSiobcr^ as the cafe may require, in each year ^ fuch number to be taken pro-greffively, beginning one, two, and fo onwards according to the number of reams or bundles of paper of each fuch clafs made at fuch mill in each fuch quarter of a year; and that on each fuch parcel of pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper re-fpedlively, there ffiall in like manner, before the fame fhall be produced or brought to fuch officer or officers, be denominated, marked, written, or printed, in large and legible characters, and in words at length, the defcription of fuch parcel, and whether fuch- parcel is pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, and the number of fbeets in each fuch parcel, together with the true progrelfive number of fuch parcel of pafteboard, millboard, and fcaleboard, or glazed paper, made by fuch maker or makers at fuch mill during the then current quarter of a year, commenc-If paper, See, ing as aforefaid 5 and in cafe any maker or makers of paper, du ^^mthe	millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, ffiall not, at

» uce 111 e the hour and time mentioned in fuch notice, produce to fuch

officer

 

proper manner, frefh notice to be given.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.	465

officer or officers, all the paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, ,and glazed paper, for or in refpedt whereof any duty is then to be charged, fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpediively, being tied up, and the proper clafs and other the matters herein-before prefcribed marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper of each fuch ream or bundle of paper, and on each fuch parcel of pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpe&ively, according to the diredlions of this a£f, then every fuch notice (hall be and is hereby declared to be null and void, and every fuch maker or makers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, fhall be obliged to give a frefh and like notice before fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, lhall be taken an account of or charged with duty, and before he, (lie, or they fhall remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried, or fent away any fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, from the mill where the fame fhall be made.

VIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Commiffion-the faid commiftioners of excife, or the major part of them re- ers of excite fpedlively, fhall from time to time provide proper ftamps, devices, ftamps^

or labels, for ftamping or marking of all paper, pafteboard, mill-board, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpelively, made in Great Britain, for or in refpedt whereof any duty of excife is by this a6t • impofed, and fhall caufe fuch ftamps, devices, or labels, to be diftributed to the refpeftive officers of excife for the purpofe herein-after mentioned; and the faid ftamps, devices, or labels refpe6fively,.or any of them, fhall or may be altered or renewed from time to time as the faid commiftioners of excife refpedftively, or the major part of them refpedtively, fhall think fit.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty for if any person or persons whatfoever fhall counterfeit, or caufe to s ® be counterfeited, any ftamp, device, or label, provided or diredted

to be ufed in purfuance of this adt, or fhall counterfeit, forge, or relemble the mark or impreffion of any fuch ftamp or device upon any cover or wrapper of or belonging to, or ufed with or upon, any label affixed to any ream, bundle, or quantity of paper, or upon any pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, or fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofi’effion any fuch counterfeit ftamp or device, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, or fhall utter, vend, or fell, any paper with a counterfeit or forged mark °rfellingpsper

'	rr	C	r	i	CL r	1	•	,	^	a	fru-or^

or lmprefiion or any lucn ftamp or device on the cover or wrapper of fuch paper, or on any label affixed thereto, or hny pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, with a counterfeit or forged mark or impreffion of any fuch ftamp or device upon fuch pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, or upon any label affixed thereto, knowing the fame to be fo counterfeited or forged, or fhall, upon any ream, bundle, or quantity of paper, which has not been duly entered with the proper officer or officers, and charged with the duty of excife impofed for or in refpedl of fuch paper, knowingly put or place any cover or wrapper having

. ‘	thereon

with a forged mark,

 

Dire&ions to excife officers for ftamping paper, &c.

Penalty for defacing marks on wrappers, &c.

Officers may take out fam-

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794;

thereon fuch counterfeit or forged mark or impreffion, or any fuch counterfeit label, or {hall knowingly wrap or cover any ream, bundle, or quantity of paper, in any cover or wrapper ufed before as a cover or wrapper to any other quantity of paper, or fhall knowingly affix, tie up, put, place, or'add, any pafteboard, mill-board, fealeboard, or glazed paper, having thereon the impreffion of any fuch ftamp or device, or any label, whether fuch ftamp, device, or label (hall be true or counterfeit, to any pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, which has nor been duly entered with the proper officer, and charged with the duty of excife impofed for or in refped! thereof, then and in every fuch cafe, every fuch person fo offending therein fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit tbefum of five hundred pounds.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That when and fo foon as the officer or officers of excife, attending to charge fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, fhall be fatisfied that the feveral conditions before fpeci-jfied have been fully complied with, according to the diredlions of this ad!, and fhall have alfo ascertained the true quantities and weights of all fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper refpedVively, fuch officer or officers fhall forthwith ftamp or mark each and every fuch ream and bundle of paper, and every fuch parcel of pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper, for or in refped! whereof a duty of excife is by this ad! impofed, with the proper ftamp or device to denote the duty of excife impofed for or in refped! of fuch paper, pafteboard, mill-board, fealeboard, and glazed paper refpedtively, being duly charged, or fhall affix to each and every fuch ream or bundle of paper, or to every fuch parcel of pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper, a proper label to denote the like duty being fo charged ; and fuch officer or officers fhall forthwith alfo write his or their Chriftian and furnames on each and every fuch ream or bundle of paper, and on each and every fuch parcel of pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper refpedtively, together with the date, day, and year in which the duty was charged for or in refped! thereof refped!ively ; and if any person or persons fhall wilfully deface, obliterate, or alter, any of the refpedtive matters or things herein-before preferibed to be denominated, marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper of any fuch ream or bundle of paper, or upon any fuch pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, or any part thereof, after the refpedtive ftamps, marks, or labels fhall have been put thereon by the officer or officers of excife, or fhall wilfully deface or obliterate any impreffion of any fuch ftamp or mark, or fhall wilfully deface, obliterate, or alter, any fuch Chriftian or furname of any fuch officer or officers, or any part of fuch Chriftian or furname, or any fuch date, or any part thereof, the person or persons fo offending fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XI.	And be it further enad!ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of excife, at

ali

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.	467

all times, to untie and open any ream or bundle of paper tied up pies, and may-in any wrapper or cover having either of the aforefaid claffes of founcfo?a*dif paper denominated, marked, written, or printed thereon, and to ferent clafs take thereout, by way of fample, one or more fheet or fheets of than marked paper, not exceeding one fheet out of each quire, paying for fuch on the wrap-fheet or fheets of paper fo taken (if demanded) the market price Per> thereof; and if fuch officer or officers fhall difcover in any ream or bundle of fuch paper, any paper or papers of a different clafs than that which fhall be denominated, marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper in which fuch paper fhall be inclofed, then, and in fuch cafe, every fuch ream and bundle refpedlively fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, and the person or persons who fhall have mark- Penalty for ed, written, or printed any fuch falfe clafs on any fuch cover or ^afs ^ifwrap-wrapper fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty per. pounds.

XIf. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every maker and makers of paper, pafteboard, mill-board, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, fhall, once in every fix weeks, trieg the" make a true entry in writing at the office of excife within the excife office limits whereof fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or every fix glazed paper fhall be made, of all the paper, pafteboard, mill- weeks of the board, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpediively by him, her, ot ^^tlties them made, within fuch fix weeks respectively; which entries fhall contain the true claffes of all fuch paper according to the faid four claffes herein-before mentioned, the number of reams and bundles of paper, and the real weights of the reams and bundles of paper respectively of each fuch clafs, and alfo the real number of parcels, and the quantity and weight of all fuch pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedtively, for or in refpedt whereof a duty of excife is by this a£t impofed, on pain to forfeit for every negledt of fuch entry the fum of fifty pounds ; which entries fhall be verified upon oath by the makers of fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, or his, her, or their chief workman or fervant employed in making the fame; provided that no fuch maker or hut fhall not makers fhall be obliged to go further than the market town next	to

to the place where fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, than^he^ext and glazed paper refpediively fhall be made, for the making of market town, fuch entries as aforefaid, which oaths fhall and may be admini-ftered by the proper collector, furveyor, or fupervifor of excife, without anv fee or charge for adminiftering the fame.

_	J	#	O	O

XIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every maker or makers of paper, pafteboard, mill- Within fix board, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, fhall, from time to time, within fix weeks after he, fhe, or they fhall make, or ought to made, the have made fuch entry, of the paper, pafteboard, millboard, duty to be fcaleboard, or glazed paper, by him, her, or them made as afore- Pajd on pe-faid, pay and clear off all the duties of excife for all paper, pafte-	am ount' °

t?oerd, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper by him, her, or	‘	*

them

 

fficer, &c.

468 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.“

them refpe&ively made, upon pain of forfeiting double the amount of fuch duties.

Nopaper, &c. XIV. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, That until an^cVed no ma^er or ma^ers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or count"fhall be	paper, (hall remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be remo-

taken by the ved, carried, or fent away, from the mill where the fame {hall be made, any paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper by him, her, or them made, until the proper officer fhall have taken an account thereof; nor {hall remove any fuch paper in any lefs quantity than in a ream or bundle, nor any fuch pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, in any lefs quantity than the entire parcel in which the duty was charged, nor until every fuch ream and bundle of paper, and every fuch parcel of fuch pafteboard, mill-board, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpe£l*ively,fhall have been duly weighed and charged, and ftamped, marked, or labelled, as herein is directed, nor (hall remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried, or fent away any fuch paper, without having thereon the cover or wrapper in which fuch paper was charged with the duty, nor any fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, without the impreffion of the officer’s ftamp or label, nor without the officer or officers Chriftian and furnames, together with the day and year when fuch duty in refpect thereof was charged, and the feveral matters herein-before in that behalf prefcribed being marked, written, printed, or fixed on fuch cover or wrapper of paper, or on fuch pafteboard, mill-board, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedtively, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence, and every fuch ream or bundle of paper, together with the package containing the fame; and all fuch pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedlively, that fhall be found removing or removed contrary to the directions of this acft, fhall be forfeited, together with the horfes or other cattle, carriages, boats, barges, or other veffels ufed in removing or carrying the fame, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no

Penalty for default.

No paper, Sec, to be removed

till 24 hours after weighing.

maker or makers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or

glazed paper, fhall remove or convey away any paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, from the mill or other place where the fame fhall have been weighed by the officer or officers of excife, for the purpofe of charging the duty, before the expiration of twenty-four hours next after the fame fhall have Paper, See.	been fo weighed ; and all and every maker and makers of paper,

weighed to be pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedtively, from other fhall, from time to time, keep all fuch paper, pafteboard, mill-parcels, that board, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedtively, which fhall have the fupervifor been fo weighed, feparate and apart from all other paper, pafte-rnay re-weigh boarc|5 millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper for the (pace of twenty-four hours from the time when the fame fhall have been fo weighed, unlefs the fame fhall fooner have been re-weighed by the furveyor or fupervifor of excife, to the end that fuch furveyor or fupervifor may have an opportunity to re-weigh the fame after

~	'	fuch

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.	469

fuch officer or officers; and if upon the re-weighing any fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, any additional weight fhall be found, fuch paper, pafteboard, mill-board, fcaleboard, or glazed paper {hall be liable to, and chargeable with the faid refpeftive rates and duties of excife by this aft: impofed for or in refpeft of fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, according to fuch laft-mentioned weight; and if any fuch maker or makers fhall remove, or caufe Penalty for or fuffer to be removed, any fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, default, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a (ft, or fhall not keep all paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpeftively, which fhall have been weighed, feparate and apart from all other paper, pafte-beard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpeftively, in manner herein-before direfted, the maker or makers of fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper fo offending, fhall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds*

XVI,	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing On 48 hours in this aft contained fhall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to Previ°us no-extend, to hinder or prevent any maker or makers of paper from ^^may^be fending fuch paper from the mill where the fame fhall be made, removed from upon forty-eight hours notice in writing being previoufly given one mill to

to the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch maker or makers rno^heIto fhall then be, to any other mill to be fized or finifhed fit for ufe, certificate011 in order that fuch officer may attend and take an account thereof, from the of* and provided that fitch paper be removed with a proper certifi- ficer, &c. cate from fuch officer, expreffing the clafs and quantity of fuch paper, and that when fuch paper fhall have been fo removed to the mill, or place where the fame is to be fized or made fit for ufe, the fame fhall be at fuch mill or place under the like directions as to ftamping, marking, labelling, and all matters and things as if fuch paper had been finifhed and fized at the mill where made ; and fuch maker or makers fhall, for the breach of any of the directions aforelaid, be fubjeft to the like penalty as he, the, or they would have been fubjeft to if the faid paper had not been removed.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every maker and makers of paper, pafteboard, mill- l^tper, board, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, fhall at all times keep all the ^g^^par°lee paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper re- from that u'n-ipeftively, by him, her, or them refpeftively made, which fhall. ftamped ; and have been charged and ftamped, marked, or labelled as aforefaid, one clafs apart, by the officer or officers of excife, feparate and apart from all ^t^ran* paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper, which

fhall not have been charged and ftamped, marked, or labelled by the officer or officers of excife, and fhall alfo keep all paper which fhall have been fo marked, ftamped, or labelled of one clafs, feparate and apart from all other fuch paper fo marked, ftamped, or labelled of any other clafs, on pain that all and every fuch maker and makers offending therein, fhall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XVIII. And

 

Officers may enter mills, &c. and take an account of paper made, and make a report to the commiffioners ofexcife, leaving a copy with the maker if demanded*

Penalty for not leaving fuch copy.

Makers to keep fcales and weights for the ufe of the officer, on penalty of iool.

Penalty for providing falfe weights or fcales, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgix III. c. 2o. [1794-

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the officers of excife, or any or either of them, from time to time, and at all times by day or by night, but if in the night, then in the prefence of a con-ftable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every the mills, workhoufes, warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, and other places, entered or made ufe of by any maker or makers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, in or for the making, keeping, or drying paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, or materials proper to be made into paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, and by weighing, tale, or otherwife, as to fuch officer or officers fhall feem meet, to take an account of the kinds and quantities of the paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper, which fhall have been made by fuch maker or makers, from time to time, and fhall thereof make a report or return in writing to the faid commiffioners of excife refpediively, or to fuch person as they fhall refpedtively appoint to receive the fame, leaving or giving a true copy of fuch report under his hand, with, for, or to fuch maker or makers (if fuch copy fhall be demanded in writing), and fuch report or return of the officer or officers fhall be a charge upon fuch maker or makers refpedtively ; and if any fuch officer fhall refufe to give or leave a true copy of his report, in writing, at the time of taking fuch accounts, fuch copy being demanded as aforefaid, fuch officer fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of forty fhillings to fuch maker or makers.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every maker and makers of paper, pafteboard, mill-board, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, fhall, and he, fhe, and they refpedtively are hereby required to keep fufficient and juft fcales and weights, at the place or places where he, fhe, or they fhall make, or produce to be charged, any paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, and alfo to permit and fuffer any officer or officers of excife to ufe the fame for the purpofe of afcertaining the duties of excife, impofed by this ad for or in ref-pedof fuch paper, pafteboard,millboard,fcaleboard, or glazed paper; and if any fuch maker or makers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, fhall negled to keep fuch fcales and weights, or either of them, or fhall not permit or fuffer any officer or officers of excife to ufe the fame for the purpofe aforefaid, he, fhe, or they, fhall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds ; and if any fuch maker or makers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glased paper, fhall, for the weighing of any fuch paper, pafteboard, mill-board, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, provide or make ufe of, or caufe or procure or fuffer to be provided or made ufe of, any falfe, unjuft, or inefficient fcales or weights, or fhall praftife any art, device, or contrivance by which any fuch officer or officers may be hindered or prevented from, taking the juft and true weight of any fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, then and in every fuch cafe fuch maker or makers of paper,

pafteboard.

 

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.	471

pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, (hall, for each and every fiich offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, together with all fuch falfe, unjuft, or infufficient fcales and weights refpe&ively, and the fame (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XX.	And be it further enadted, That all and every maker Makers to and makers of paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed

paper, fhall, when and fo often as he, fhe, or they fhall be there- jng paper> unto required by the officer or officers of excife under whofe fur-vey he, fhe, or they, fhall then be, or by any furveyor or fupervifor of excife, bring or caufe to be brought and put into and taken out of the fcale, all paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedtively, belonging to fuch maker or makers, and which fuch officer or officers fhall be defirous to weigh and take an account of, or which fuch furveyor or fupervifor fhall be defirous to re-weigh ; and fhall alio, on the requeft of fuch officer or officers, or furveyor or fupervifor, by themfelves refpedlively, and with a fufficient number of their fervants, aid and affift, to the utmoft of their power, fuch officer or officers in weighing and taking an account of, and fuch furveyor or fupervifor of exqife, in re-weighing all fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedfively, of fuch maker or makers, on pain pena]tTrf0r of forfeiting for every negledt or refufai thereof, the fum of fifty negledU pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That all furveyors, fupervifors, and officers of excife, fhall in Officers to the weighing and re-weighing of all paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glared paper, for the purpofe of charging the -in favour of duty of excife thereon, give the turn of the fcale in favour of the the crown, crown, and in lieu thereof fhall allow the makers of fuch paper, allowing the pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, two pounds m^cwt^# weight avoirdupois upon each and every one hundred pounds of ^er CV* fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper refpe&ively fo weighed, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity.

XXII.	Provided always nevertbelefs, and be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no fuch maker or makers of paper, but no weight pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, fhall, in the tefs thaiI 1 lb. weighing of any paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed onbenaftv’of paper, for the purpofe of charging the duty of excife thereon, i0fmg the make ufe of, or caufe, permit, or fuller to be ufed, any weight allowance, lefs than a pound weight, on pain of forfeiting the faid allowance ;

any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anyvvife notwithftanding-i

XXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That in cafe any paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or Paper, &c. glazed paper, made in Great Britain, fhall be fraudulently depo- fraudulently iited, hid, or concealed in anyplace or places whatfoever, with hid to be for-an intent to defraud his Majefty of any of the duties by this abb teited* 'impofed, for or in refpedt thereof, all fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpebtively fhall be forfeited,

 

pa

per, Sec. fo concealed, on warrant for fo doing.

472 Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 20. [1794.

feited, together with the packages containing the fame, and fhall fb^clTfo^a anc* m^Y	^e*ze<^ by any °^cer or officers of excife ; and the

A c pa~ better to enable fuch officer or officers to difeover fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper refpedlively fo forfeited, if any fuch officer or officers of excife (hall have caufe to fufpe£f that any fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, (hall be fo depofited, hid, or concealed, in any place or places whatfoever, then and in every fuch cafe if fuch place or places fhall be within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers, before the commiffioners of excife for the time being, or any two or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty where fuch place or places fhall be, or in cafe fuch place or places fhall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, fhire, divifion, or place, where fuch officer or officers fhall fufpedt the fame to be depofited, hid, or concealed, fetting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, or the juftice or juftices of the peace refpedlively, as the cafe may require, before whom fuch oath fhall be made, if they or he fhall judge it reafonable, by Special warrant or warrants, under his and their refpective hands and Seals, to authorife and impower fuch officer or officers by day or by night, but if in the night, then in the prefence of a ccnftable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every fuch place or places, where he or they fhall fo fufpedl fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper refpe&ively, to be fo depofited, hid, or concealed, and to Seize and carry away all fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper respectively, which he or they Avail then and there find fo forfeited, together with the packages containing the fame ; and the person or persons in whofe cuftody or pofteffion the fame fiiall be found. Shall forfeit the Sum of fifty pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. No ftationer That no ftationer or ftationers, or dealer or dealers in paper, ffitoVis^oifef ^a^ bring, or receive into his, her, or their cuftody or poffefiion, Aon anypaper any paper made in Great Britain which Shall not at the time of made in Great fuch ftationer or ftationers, or dealer or dealers receiving the Britain but in fame into his, her, or their cuftody or pofteffion be an intire ream cm ire or j3Unc]]e paper? and inclofed in a cover or wrapper having thereon the impreffion of the officer’s ftamp or label denoting the duty of excife by this act impofed, to have been charged for or in refpedt of fuch paper, nor without the officer or officers Chriftiaa and Surnames, together with the day and year when fuch duty was charged, and the clafs directed to be marked, written, or printed at the time of fuch duty being charged, being on fuch cover or wrapper, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds, together with all fuch paper which fiiall be fo received by any fuch ftationer or ftatioqers, or dealer or dealers in paper contrary

to

Penalty for fuch concealment*

an intire ream, &c.

Penalty for default.

 

473

1794 ] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.

to the directions of this a&, and all fuch paper (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XXV.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That no ftationer or ftationers, or dealer or dealers in paper, nor Nowrapperto any other person or persons whatfoever, Avail reftore, return, re- be returned to deliver, or fend, or procure, permit, or fuffer to be reftored, re- emaver^ turned, re-delivered, or fent to any maker or makers of paper, nor to any mill, workhoufe, ftorehoufe, room, or other place, to any fuch maker or makers belonging, nor to any other place or places whatever, to or for the ufe of any maker or makers of paper, any wrapper or cover v/hich has been before ufed as a wrapper or cover to any paper, and marked, ftamped, or labelled with the mark, ftamp, or label dire&cd by this aCl to be ufed, to denote the duties of excife impofed for or in refpeef of any fort of paper being charged, but that ail and every ftationer and ftationers, or dealer and dealers in paper, ftiall, and they are refpe&ively required, upon opening any ream or bundle of paper, forthwith to but on open-deftroy, or caufe to be deftroyed, the wrapper or cover in which fuch paper was inclofed, and the impreffion of the mark or ftamp, e e roye or the label put thereon by the officer or officers of excife, according to the directions of this aCt; nor fhall any maker or makers Maker not to of paper receive, or caufe, procure, permit, or fuffer to be re- Receive any ceived, reftored, returned, re-delivered, or fent to him, her, or u°h wrapper, them, or to be kept or depofited at any mill, workhoufe, ftorehoufe, room, or other place to him, her, or them belonging, or at any other place to or for his, her, or their ufe, any fuch wrap^ per, cover, or label which has been before ufed as a cover, wrapper, or label to any quantity of paper, or in or with which any paper, pafteboard, millboard, (caleboard, or glazed paper has been removed, carried, or fent away by any maker or makers of Penalty on paper, on pain that every fuch ftationer or dealer, or maker of fending1 Sor paper fhall forfeit, for every fuch offence, thefumof one hundred maker receiv-pounds, together with every fuch wrapper, cover, or label, and the ing ufed wrap-fame ftiall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife. Pers*

XXVI.	Provided always neverihelefs, That nothing herein- Penalty not to before contained ftiall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to ex- extencl topa-tend, to inftiCt the faid penalty of one hundred pounds, for or on and Returned account of the not deftroyiag or returning any wrapper or cover as difiiked. which hath been opened containing therein the fame identical

ream or bundle of paper which was removed, carried, or fent away by the maker or makers thereof, and which is returned to him, her or them, on account of the fame being difliked and re-fufed by the person or persons to whom tire fame was fent, or for or on account of the not deftroying or returning any label affixed to fuch wrapper or cover; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftand'ing.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid*

That all the paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed Paper mated* paper, and all the materials and utenfils for the making thereof, in ^ liable to the cuflody of any maker or makers of paper, pafteboard, mill- thfe*duti4 and board, fealeboard, or glazed paper, or of any person or persons to to peqaltfcs.

Vox.. XXXIX.	I	i	the

47 4

Paper made ir Great Britain may be expor ted, and a drawback allowed on certain conditions, See,

Anno regni trlcefi'mo quarto Georgit III. c. 2b. [1794V

the ufe of or in trull for any maker or makers, fhall be liable and fubjeft to, and the fame refpeftively are hereby made chargeable with, all the debts and duties for paper, pafteboard, millboard^ fealeboard, and glazed paper refpeftively made, in arrear and owing by fuch maker or makers, for any paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, fo made by him, her, or them, or in' his, her, or their mill, workhoiife, warehouft, or other place, and fhall alfo be fubjeft and liable to fatisfy all penalties and forfeitures incurred by fuch maker or makers, or other person or persons ufing fuch mill, workhoufe, warehouse, or other place for any offence again!! this aft, relating to thefaid duties on paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper refpedlively, and it fhall and may be lawful in all fuch cafes to levy fuch debts, duties, and penalties, on fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, glazed paper, materials, and utenfils, or any of them, and toy ufe fuch proceedings as may lawfully be done in relation to papery pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, in cafe the debtors or offenders were the true and lawful owners of the fame.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaidy 1 That it fhall and may be lawful to and for ahy person or persons who fhall have actually paid the duties by this aft impofed, for or in refpeft of paper made in Great Britain, arid to and for any other person and persons who (hall buy, or be lawfully inti-tied unto any fuch paper from the person or persons who actually paid the duties for the lame, to export fuch paper to any parts beyond the feas by way of merchandize,- tinder, fubjeft, and according to the rules, regulations, re ft ri chons, provisions,, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (lave'and except the oath herein-after in that behalf required), fo far as the fame respectively are applicable thereto, which are contained, provided, fettled, or eftab-lifhed, in or by an ad! made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for directing the officers of excite to examine and certify the exportation ofexcifeabie commodities, or in or by any other aft or afts of parliament relating to the exportation of paper made in Great Britain on drawback in force at and irrimediately before the paffing of this aft, fave and except that in lieu and inftead of that part herein-after mentioned, of the oath or affirmation required by the faid aft of the twenty-fifth year aforefaid, to be made by the exporter, or his clerk or manager, that he believes the duties upon fuch commodities had been fully paid, fuch exporter, or his clerk or manager, ifiall make oath that he believes the duties of excife by this aft impofed to have been fully paid for fuch paper, and thereupon a drawback of the-faid duty by this aft impofed for or in refpeft of fuch paper fhall be allowed; and the faid feveral rules, regulations, reftriftions, pro-vifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures (except as aforefaid), fo far as the fame refpeftively are applicable thereto, fhall be in full force, and fhall be, and the fame are hereby direfted to be obferved, praftifed, applied, and put in execution upon fuch exportation of any fuch paper, as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofe^ as if the fame refpeftively had beenre-enafted in the body of this aft.

XXIX. Pro^

 

i'/t)4-] Anrio regni tricefirhd quarto GfeoftGfI Hi. 2d;

XXIX.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be itena£Ied by the authority aforefaid, That*nothing in this a6l contained fhail ex tend.,-Drawback not or be ‘deemed dr conffrued to extend, to intitle any person or per-Tons whatfoever to any fuch drawback for or in refpect of any fuch per beinclofed paper, unlefs the officer of excife, who (hall attend to fee fuch pa- in the wrapper per packed up in order to be exported, (hall then find fuch paper in which it inclofed in the cover or wrapper in which the fame was charged with duty, with the impreffion of the officer’s flamp, and his 1 tX^’ iC' Chriftian and furname, with the date of the charge of the duty for or in refpedl of fuch paper, and the clafs thereof, together with the feveral matters herein-before preferibed and directed to be marked, written, or printed, remaining on fuch cover or wrapper ; and that it fhail and may be lawful to and for fuch officer,' who fliall attend to fee fuch paper packed up as aforefaid, and fuch officer is hereby required to take off, or caufe to be taken off, or to fee taken off, all and every the impreffions of the officer’s flamp or label from every ream or bundle of fuch paper intended to be packed up in order to be exported, before the fame is packed up in order to be exported ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Thai:

It fhail and may alfo be lawful to and for any person or persons ufing Printers of or exercifing the trade or bufmefs of a printer or bookfeller ihGreat bookfellers Britain, to export any printed books, either unbound, or bound ^o^ks oncer-with any materials refpe6lively liable to any duties of exerfe, and tain condi-for which the duties of excife impofed for or in refpe<51: thereof tions* have been paid, and printed on paper of the firft clafs herein-before mentioned, and for all which paper fo to be exported the duty by this act impofed (hall have been paid, to any parts beyond the feas, by way of merchandize^ under, fubjedt, and according to the rules, regulations, reftrictions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (fave and except the oaths herein-after refpec-tively required), fo far as the laid rules, regulations^ reftrictions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures refpedlively, can or may be applied thereto, which are contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, hi or by the faid a61 made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty aforefaid, fave and except that in lieu and inPcead of that part herein-after mentioned of the oath or affirmation required by the faid a61, to be made by the exporter,-or his clerk or manager, that he believes the duties upon fuch commodities have been fully paid, fuch exporter* or his clerk or manager, (ball, in cafe fuch printed books unbound fhail be to be exported, make oath that he believes the duty of excife by this a61 impofed to have been fully paid for fuch paper, and aifo that he believes that no drawback has been before received by any person or persons whatever, for or in refpsdt of fuch paper or any part thereof; and in cafe fuch printed books bound vfith any fuch materials as aforefaid, fhail be to be exported, then fuch exporter or his clerk or manager, fhail make further oath, befides the oath before mentioned, that he believes the feveral duties of excife by any a 61 or a$:s of parliament impofed for or in refpeft of

I i t	the

 

476 Annorcgnitricesimoqtiarto GeoUgii III; c/20. [1794c/

the materials of which the binding is compofed to have been paid; and that he believes that luch book or books has not or have not? before been fold to any person or perfons, not ufing or exercifing' the trade or bufinefs of a printer or bookfeller ; and in cafe fuclf book or books fhall be printed in the Latin, Greek, oriental, or northern languages,- fuch exporter, or his clerk or manager, fha 11 -j' over and- befides the feveral matters herein-before directed to be fworn to, make oath that he believes that the faid book or books Was not or were not printed within the univerfitics of Oxford znd Cambridge, or either of them, by pcrmifiion of the vice chancellors of the fame refpedively, nor within the imiverfides of Scot-land, or any of them, by permifiion of the principals of the fame drawback to refpedively, and that a drawback of two-pence per pound weight f ^h^x^ofta11 avGirduP°is	be	avowed for and in refped of fuch printed

iibn exP0lta” books unbound or bound with fuch materials as afordaid, under and fubjed to the faid feveral rules, regulations* refiridions, pro-vifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (except as is in this behalf before excepted); an'd which rules, regulations, refiridions; provifions, fines, penalties; and forfeitures, (except as aforefaid), fo far as the fame refpedively can or may be applied to the exportation of fuch printed books, fhall be extended to the fame refpedively, and fhall be in full force, and the fame are hereby direded to be obferved, pradifed, applied, and put in execution; upon fuch exportation cf fuch printed books, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame refpedively had been re-enaded in the body of this ad.

Such draw- XXXI. Provided always nevertheless* That nothing in this aUowed\inlel^ conta^ne<^ extend, or be deemed or confirued to extend; the water	intitle	any person or persons whatsoever to any fuch drawback

mark be vifible for or in refped of any fuch printed books, unlels the paper therein the paper, of fhall have vifible in the fubfiance thereof a mark commonly books*^ &fn ca^ec* a Water Mark) of the date of the prefent year of our Lord in printed in the r^e flowing figures 1794, or in like manner of fome fubfequent univerfities, year of our Lord ; nor for or in refped of the paper of any books &c.	m the Latin, Greek, oriental* or northern languages, printed

within the two univerfities o£ Oxford and Cambridge, or either, of them, by per million of the vice chancellors of the fame refpec-tively, or within the imiverfities of Scotland, or any of them, by permiffion of the principals of the fame refpedively ; nor for or in refped ofbibles, teftaments, pfalm books, or books of common prayef, printed in the univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or cither of them, by permiffion of the vice chancellors of the fame refpedively; nor for or in refped of bibles* teftaments, pfalm books, books of common prayer, confeffion of faith, or larger or fhorter catechifms, printed by the King’s printers in England and Scotland refpedively; nor for or in refped of any other printed books which have ever been before fold to any person not ufi'ng and exercifing the trade or bufinefs of a printer or bookfeller: Nothing here- provided alfo, That nothing in this ad contained fhall extend to *n to,a^e1f:	deprive any pfcrfon or persons of any drawback to which he, fhe,

fr’iporf ationof or they wou^ have been intitled if this ad had not been made,

on

 

1J94*] Anno regni tricefinao quarto GeoRGII III. c. 202 4fjj

on the exportation of paper which (hall he made in Great Britain, paper charged and charged with duty 'before the paffing of this adi, but that every fuch drawback fhall be allowed; any thing in this act con- this ad. 1 • tained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXXII. And, for preventing frauds in the exportation of paper cn draivback, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Books with-That if any printer, bookfeller, or other perfon, fhall, in any out the water package or parcel of books intended for exportation on drawback, mai'k> See. put put or pack up any book or books, the paper whereof (hall not tatioiTon^01> have vifible in the fubftance thereof fuch water mark as aforefaid, drawback to or any book or books which (hall have‘been previoufly fold to any be forfeited* person or persons not ufing or exercifing the trade or bufinefs of a pi-inter or bookfeller, or any book or books which fhall have been before exported, or any book or books in the Latin, Greek, oriental, or northern languages, or any bible, teftament, pfalm book, or book of common prayer, confeffion of faith, pr larger or Shorter catechifm, printed within the univerfities of England and Scotlandr„ or any of them, by permiflion of the vice chancellors and principals of the fame refpedively, or any bible5 teftament, pfalm book, book of common prayer, confeffion of faith, or larger or fhorter catechifm, printed by the King*s printers in England and Scotland refpedllvely, then, and in fuch cafe, all and every fuch package or parcel, and all the books of every kind therein contained, fhali be forfeited, and the fame (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of cuftoms or excife.

XXX1IL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons Stationers ufing or exercifing the trade or bufinefs of a (rationer in Great may export Britain, to export any ruled account books made of paper of the ^oks^n^er" .fird claf§ hereinbefore mentioned, bound with any materials re- tain co?idi-^ fpeftivcjy liable to any duties of excife, -(f°r all which paper fo to tions ;

;beexported the duty by this adi impofed fhall have been paid), to any parts beyond the feas, by way of merchandize, under, fubjedt, and according to the rules, regulations, reftritdions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (fave and except the oaths hereinafter refpectively required), fo far as the Laid rules, regulations, reflridlions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures refpectively, can or may be applied thereto, which are contained, pro * vided, fettled, or eftabiifhed in or by the faid adt made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fave alfo and except that in lieu and in (lead of that part herein-after mentioned pf the oath or affirmation required by the faid add to be made by the exporter, or his clerk or manager, that he believes the duties upon fuch commodities have been fully paid, fuch exporter or his clerk or manager, fhall make oath that he believes the duty of excife by this ad! "impofed to have been fully paid for fuch paper, and alfo that he believes that no drawback has been before received by any person or persons whatever, for or in refpedl of fuch paper or any part thereof, and that ke believes the fame have not before been fold to any person or persons not ufing or exercifing the trade or bufinefs of a flationer, and that a drawback of two-

I * 3	pence

 

be allowed on fuch exportation ;

but not unlefs the water mark be viable, &c.

478 Anno regni trlcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

drawback to pence per pound weight avoirdupois fhall be allowed for and in refpect of fuch ruled account books bound as aforefaid, under and fubjedt to the faid feveral rules, regulations, reftri&ions, provi-fions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (except as is in this behalf before excepted); and which rules, regulations, reftridfions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (except as aforefaid),. fo far as the fame refpedtively can or may be applied to the exportation of fuch ruled account books, fhall be extended to the fame refpedfively, and fhall be in full force, and the fame are hereby diredted to be obferved, pradtifed, applied, and put in execution upon fuch exportation of fuch ruled account books, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame refpe£iively had been re-enadted in the body of this adh

XXXIV.	Provided always neverthelefs, That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be deemed or confirmed to extend, to intitle any person or persons whatever to any fuch drawback for or in refpect of any fuch ruled account books, unlefs the paper thereof fhall have vifibie in the fubflance thereof a mark, commonly called a JVater Mark, of the date of the prefent year of our Lord in the following figures 1794, or in like manner of fome fubfequent year of our Lord, nor lor or in refpedt of any ruled account books which have ever been before fold to any person not ufirrg and excrcifing the trade or bufmeds of a ffationer.

XXXV.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid,

prooFofpaper That if any queftion fhall arife whether any paper is really and cla^marked ^Gna fi^e	or belonging to the clafs marked, written, or printed,

on the cover on c°ver or wrapper containing the fame (although fuch pa-tolie upon the per fhould appear to have been entered or kept in the officer’s

books, as being of or belonging to fuch clafs), the proof of fuch paper being really and bona fide of and belonging to the clafs marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper containing the fame, jffaail lie upon the owner or claimer of fuch paper by the paths of two or more credible witnefies, being fkilful and experienced perfons, competent to decide by examination thereof,

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid^ That if any person or persons whatfoever fhall afi'ault, oppofe, moled, obilrudt, or hinder any officer or officers of excife in the due execution of this ad, or of any of the powers or authorities given by this a<5t, all and every fuch person or persons fo offending fhall, for every fuch offence, feveraliy forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That for the encouragement of learning, fo much money as fhall from time to time be paid for the duties of excife granted by this acf for any quantities of paper which fhall be ufed in the printing any books in the Latin, Greek, oriental, or northern languages, within the two univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by permifhon of the vice chancellors of the fame refpedively, fhall and may be drawn back and repaid in manner following ; (that is to fay), the chief manager of the prpfs in each of the faid univerfities (hall and may from time to ti me

make

owners.

Penalty for obftructing officers.

Duties on paper ufed in printing Latin books, &c. in the univerfities of England, may be drawn back in the manner herein fpeci-: fied;

 

4794 ] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.	479

•to make proof, by oath in writing, before the vice chancellor, who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame, exprefling therein the kinds and quantities of the paper fo ufed, and how much the excife duties thereof payable by this a61 doth amount to ; which faid oath in writing, certified by the vice chancellor, and produced to the lord treafurer, or commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, the faid lord treafurer, or commifiioners. of the treafury for the time being, fihall forthwith, from time to time, ifl'ue his or their orders or warrants to the refpedlive commif-fioners of excife, to caufe payment to be made of fuch money as the excife duties payable by this a£t for the paper fo ufed in the printing of the faid books in the faid univerfities as aforefaid fhall amount to ; the .fame payment to be made without fee or charge whatfoever, and without delay, to fuch person or persons as the faid refpeccive vice chancellors fliall authorife and apfooint to receive the fame, out of any of the excife duties upon paper arifing by this a£t; any thing in this a£l contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That for the encouragement of learning, fomuch as fhall as alfo forfuch from time to time be paid for the duties of excife granted by this

act for any quantities of paper which fhall be ufed in the printing ties 0f Scot-any books in the Latin, Greek, oriental, or northern languages land, within the univerfities of Scotland, or any of them, by permiflion of the principals of the fame refpedtively, fhall and may be drawn back.and repaid in manner following, (that is to fay), the chief manager of the prefs in each of the faid univerfities, fhall and may from time to time make proof, by oath in writing before the principal (who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame), expreffing therein the kinds and quantities of the paper fo ufed, and how much the excife duty thereof payable by this a£fc doth amount to; which oath, in writing, being certified by the faid principal, and produced to the lord treafurer, or the lords commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall forthwith from time to time ifl'ue his or their orders or warrants to the refpe£tive commifiioners of excife, to caufe payment to be made, of fomuch monies as the excife duties upon the paper fo ufed in the printing of the faid books, in the faid univerfities of Scotland (hall amount to ; the fame payments to be made without any fee or charge whatfoever, and without delay to fuch person or persons as the faid refpeclive principals (hall authorife and appoint to receive the fame, out of any of the excife duties upon paper arifing by this a£f in Scotland; any thing in this a£t contained, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	Andwher eas it is expedient that an allowance Jhould he made for all paper ufed in printing hibles, tejlaments, pfalm booksy books of common prayer, and confcffion of fait\ and the larger and Jhorter catechifm; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it feall and may be lawful to and for the lord high Treafury to treafurer, or the lords commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury for order a draw-the time being, upon being latisfied that the duty of excife by

this a£t impefed had been fully paid for any quantity of paper of ufg j in print-

I i	the	ing bibks, Sec.

4-So Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.'

the firft ckfs herein-before mentioned ufed in the univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by permiffion of the vice chancellors of the fame, or ufed by the King’s printers in England and Scotland re{pe£k\'/e\y, in the printing of bibles, teftaments, pfalm books, books of common prayer of the church of England, the book commonly called or known in Scotland bythe name of the Confejfion of Faith, or the larger or fhorter catechifm of the church of Scotland; to iffue-his or their , orders or warrants, from time to time, authorifing and directing the commi(froners of excile in England and Scotland refpe&ively, out of the duties by this a6t impofed for or in refpedf of paper made in Great Britain, to pay and allow to fuch vice chancellors and King’s printers respectively, or to the person orperfons by them refpe£lively autho-rifed to receive the fame, a drawback or allowance of two-pence per pound weight, for all fuch paper ufed as aforefaid.

Conditions on XL. Provided always neverthelefs. That nothing in this adl

which fuch contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to

drawbacks are *	. ,	r	>	r ,	,	,	,

to be allowed - intlt!e any perron or persons wnatever, to any luch drawback or

allowance, for or in refpedf of any fuch paper ufed in the printing any fuch bibles, teftaments, pfalm books, books of common prayer, confeffion of faith, or the larger or fhorter catechifm, unlefs the faid paper fball have vifible in the fubftancc thereof a mark, Commonly called a Water Mark, of the date of the prelent year of our Lord, in the following figures 1794, or of fome fubfequent year of our Lord, nor unlefs the chief manager of the prcfs in fuch univerfities refpe&ively, or fuch King’s printers in England and Scotland refpecfively, (hall at leafl forty-eight hours before any fuch paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or caufe to be given to the proper officer of excife, a notice in writing of the intention to print fuch paper, fpecifying in fuch notice the number of reams or bundles of fuch paper fo intended to be printed, and whether the fame is to be printed for bibles, teftaments, pfalm books, common prayer books, books of confeffion of faith, or the larger or fhorter catechifm, of what fize the intended impreffion or edition of fuch book intended to be printed is to be, and of how many copies the intended impreffion or edition thereof is to confift, nor unlefs all fuch paper fhall, on fuch officer’s attendance, be produced to him, inclofed in the original covers or wrappers in which the fame was charged with duty, with the impreffion of the officer’s (lamp and his Chriftian and furname, and the date of the charge of the duty, with the cl-afs of fuch paper, and the feveral matters herein-before prescribed and directed to be marked, written, or printed, remaining on fuch covers or wrappers refpe&ively, nor unlefs fuch chief managers or King’s printers refpedtively, fhall provide good and fufficient feales and weights, and permit and affift fuch officer to ufe the fame for the purpofe of ascertaining the true quantity and weight of fuch paper, nor unlefs the chief manager of the prefs in'fuch univerfities refpeftively, or fuch King’s printers refpeffively, fhall, in like manner, within one month next after the whole of fuch impreffion or edition fhall have been printed off, dried, and finifh-

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georc,ii III. c. 20.	4S1

ed, give or caufe to be given to the proper officer of excife forty-eight hours notice in writing of fuch impreffion or edition being printed off, dried, and finifhed, and thereupon fuch officer fhall attend and infpedf, examine, and weigh the whole of fuch impreffion or edition unbound and in fheets, and fhall thereupon give and deliver to fuch chief manager of the prefs or King’s printer, as the cafe may require, a certificate in writing of his having fo done, fpecifying therein the name of fuch book, together with the fize thereof, and the number of copies of which fuch impreffion or edition confifts, and the weight of the paper on which the fame is printed, but if fuch weight fhall exceed the weight of the paper actually produced to and taken account of by the proper officer previous to the printing thereof as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe fuch laft mentioned weight fhall be inferted in fuch certificate, and the allowance fhall be made for no greater quantity or weight than the weight fpecified in fuch certificate; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLI. Provided alfo, That no fuch allowance fhall be made for or in refpe£l of any fuch paper ufed in the printing any fuch which inch bibles, teftaments, pfalm books, books of common prayer, con- drawbacks are feffion of faith, or the larger or fhorter catechifms, unlefs the to be allowed, chief manager of the prefs in fuch univerfities refpe£lively, or fuch King’s printers respectively, fhall make and fubfcribe on the back of fuch certificate fuch oath in writing as is in each refpec-tive cafe herein-after prefcribed; that is to fay, the chief manager of the prefs in the faid univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge re-fpectively, fhall make oath before the vice chancellors of the faid univerfities reflectively, (which oaths they the faid vice chancellors refpectively are hereby authorifed and impowered to admini-fler), of the quantity and weight of the paper actually made ufe of in the printing of any fuch impreffion or edition of the bible, teflament, pfalm book, book of common prayer, confeffion of faith, or larger or fhorter catechifm, as the cafe may be, and that fuch chief manager of the prefs believes the duty by this act im-pofed for or in refpect of fuch paper ufed in the printing of the impreffion or edition mentioned in fuch certificate, has been fully paid, and that no drawback or allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in refpect of fuch paper, or any part thereof; and the King’s printers in England and Scotland refpectively, fhall make oath before the commiffioners of excife, or any two or more of them, in England and Scotland refpectively, (which oath they the faid respective commiffioners are hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter), of the quantity and weight of the paper actually made ufe of in the printing of any fuch impreffion or edition of the bible, teflament, pfalm book, book of common prayer, confeffion of faith, or larger or fhorter catechifm, as the cafe may require ; and that fuch King’s printer believes the duty by this act impofed for or in refpect of fuch paper ufed in the printing of fuch impreffion or edition has been fully paid, and that no drawback or allowance has been before claimed or paid for or

 

482 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

in refpedt of fuch paper, or any part thereof, and that the whole of the laid impreflion or edition of fuch bible, teftament, pfalm book, book of common prayer, confeffion of faith, or larger or fhorter catechifm, has been printed by him or them at his or their ufual and ordinary printing houfe, on his or their own account, under and by virtue of the exclufive patent, authority, or privilege belonging to him or them as fuch King's printer, and for his or their foie and entire benefit, profit, emolument, and advantage.

XLI1. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That pafie-Brltaii^oY^oarc^	m	Great	Britain, wholly of paper, which fhall have

per which fhall Pa*l(^ the duties charged and chargeable by this ad!:, fhall not be have paid the charged with any further or other duties by virtue of this adt, duty not liable upon the parting or annexing together the fheets of fuch paper, and its receiving thereby the denomination of pafteboard or parted paper.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons taking That any person or persons who fhall be convicted of wilfully a falfe oath to taking a falfe oath, in any of the cafes in which an oath" is required to be taken, by virtue of this or any other adt or acts of parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this adt, in order to obtain any drawback or allowance by this adt granted, fhad be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XLIV. And whereas it is expedient that foreign paper Jhould not he alloiued to be imported in any lefs quantity than d ream; be it Foreign paper therefore enadtbd by the authority aforefaid, That if any foreign imported^in paper, from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand feven than^a reanf hundred and ninety-four, (hall be imported or brought into the forfeited. kingdom of Great Britain, in any lefs quantity than a ream, each fuch ream containing twenty quires, and each quire thereof twenty-four fheets, the fame fhall fie forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms.

XLV. And, in order to fecure the due payrnent of the duties im-pofed by this a£l upon the importation of foreign paper -> be it further Officers of the enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the officer or officers of cuftoms at the t}ie cuftoms, at the port or place where any foreign paper {hall be ruion toft amp imported, fhall caufe fuch paper, whether in a ream or exceeding foreign paper, a ream, to be marked, ftamped, or fealed, in fuch manner as the and the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them in England, or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland., or any three or more,of th^m for the time being, fhall commiffioners think fit to diredt; and the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms in

... Pafteboard made in Great

to further charge.

be liable to the penalty for perjury.

to provide ft amps, &c.

England and Scotland reflectively fhall, and they are hereby au-thorifed and required to provide proper ftamps, marks, or feals, for marking, damping, or fealing all foreign paper imported, to denote the charging the duties thereon, and the fame to caufe to be diftributed to the proper officers of the cuftoms, for the pur-pofes in this adt mentioned, which officers are hereby enjoined and required to mark, damp, or feal the fame, in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners refpedtively {hall frorq time to time think

 

1794*] ^nn0 r€gn* tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20;	483

fat to direct, which ftamps, marks, or feals, to be provided in purfuance of this adt, may be altered or renewed, from time to time, as the faid refpedhive commiffioners fhall from time to time think fit to direfl.

XLVI. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person or persons whatever fhall, with intent to de- Penalty for fraud his Majefty of his jufh duties, wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully fufFer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced,	*	9

the ftamp, mark, or feal,. put by any fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms, upon fuch foreign paper, to denote the proper charging of the duty on fuch paper, every fuch person or persons fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every ream or other parcel of paper on which the /tamp, mark, or feal, put by any fuch officer or officers, fhall be fo wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no- Thisa&not to thing in this a£t contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to ex- alters Geo,3. tend, to alter or vary or in anywife affedl any of the provifions contained in an a£l paffed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An ati for more effectually fecur-ing the duties upon foreign printed, painted, or flamed paper imported into Great Britain).

XLVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That if any person or persons whatfoever, fhall counterfeit, or Penalty for caufe to be counterfeited, any ftamp, mark, or feal provided by the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland re- ** , fpedHvely, in purfuance of this a6f, or fhall counterfeit, forge, or referable the mark or impreffion of any fuch ftamp, mark, or feal, upon any paper, or fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion any fuch counterfeit ftamp, mark, or feal, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofteffion, or fhall utter, vend, or fell any paper with a counterfeit or forged mark, or impreffion of any fuch ftamp, mark, or feal, thereon, knowjng the fame to be fo counterfeited or forged, or fhall, upon any ream or quantity of foreign paper, which has not been duly entered with the proper officer or officers ,of the cuftoms, and charged with the duty of cuftoms by this a61 impofed for or in refpedf of fuch paper, knowingly‘put or place the impreffion of any fuch counterfeit or forged ftamp, mark, or feal, or fhall knowingly affix upon any ream or quantity of fuch paper, any ftamp, mark, or feal, which fhall have been before affixed, marked, ftamped, or fealed upon any other ream or quantity of foreign paper, then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch person fo offending therein, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That after the duties of excife by this a£t impofed for or in te- An allowance fpecft of any paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, made in Great Britain, fhall have been paid, if any fuch	intend-

paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, or glazed paper, fhall ing'by water happen to be damaged by the cafting away or linking of the barge within this

or kingdom, to

 

484 Anno regni tricpfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794/

bepaldoncer- or veftel in which the fame fhall be tranfported from one part of 'uftice^attheC ^nS^om t0 another within the fame, that the juftices of the quarter fef- peace of the county, riding, (hire, or divifion, where fuch acci-ftons.	dent fhall happen, fhall at the next general quarter feftions to be

held for fuch county, riding, fhire, or divifion, upon proof of fuch damage and of payment of the duties as aforefaid, determine and fettle the quantity pf the damage done to fuch paper, mill-board, pafteboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, by the calling away or finking of fuch barge or veftel, apd an allowance to be made in refpedf thereof, and to give a certificate under their hands and feals, or under the hands and feals of any two or more of them prefent at fuch feftions, of the fum allowed, which allowance fhall bear the fame proportion to the whole of the duties fo paid as the faid damage fhall appear to bear to the value of fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, before the fame was fo damaged; upon producing of which certificate to the officer appointed to collet): the faid duties, he fhall repay or allow to the proprietor or proprietors of fuch paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, out of the duties paid for the fame, fo much money as the fum certified by the faid juftices fhall amount unto, or in default thereof, that luch proprietor of proprietors fhall and may dedudf the allowance fo certified out of the next or any other fubfequent monies becoming due from fuch proprietor or proprietors, for or in refpedl of the duties impofed by this adt? for or in refpedf of any paper, pafteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, by him, her, or _them, made in Great Britain.

L. Provided always, and be it further enadfed by the autho-Noticeofin- rity aforefaid, That where any fuch lofs or damage fhall happen tention to^ap-as	the	perfon	or	perfons,	who	fhall	fuftain	the	fame,

allowance to fhall, three days at the leaf!: before the next general quarter fef-be given to the fions, give or leave notice in writing thereof with the colledfor collector of of excife of the diftridf or collection where fuch lofs or damage txcife.	ffiall happen, and of his, her, or their intention of applying at

the next general quarter feffions of the peace, for fuch allowance in refpedl of fuch damage or lofs,

LI. And whereas Jlanding contrails may have been made before the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety four by makers of or dealers in paper, for Jerving publick offices, focieties, or private persons with paper, to be delivered in point of time after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety four \ On paper de- be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch livered after makers of, or dealers in paper ferving fuch paper, after the faid oifcont rafts4*	^ay dprilone thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, in

prior thereto, purfuance of fuch former contradfs, fhall be allowed to add a fum an equivalent equivalent to the excefs of duties by this adf impofed for or in re-to the duty fpeft of fuch paper, over and above the duties hereby repealed, to toYhe orice^ tne c°ntradf price of fuch paper, and fuch makers and dealers 1	*	fhall be entitled by virtue of this adf, to be paid for the fame ac-

cordingly.

LI1. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That

al<?

 

j-^94-] Anno regni tricelimo quarto Georgii lit. c. 20.	4^5

all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this adt, relating How penalties to paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper ™ay refpedtively, made in Great Britain, (hall be fued for, recovered, to^e^pplied. levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminflet, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpec-tively, and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture fhall be to his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall inform, difcover, or fue for the fame.

LIII. And whereas it is expedient to repeal a certain aft made in the twenty-firfl year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, (intituled,

An adt for repealing the prefent duties upon paper, pafteboards, millboards, and fcaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof) \ be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid adt made in the twenty-hrft Geo. j. c. year of the reign of his prefent Majefty fhall be, and the fame is repealed, hereby repealed.

LIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Powers of all and every the powers, diredtions, rules, penalties, forfeitures,	exteml

'claufes, matters, and things, which, in and by an adt, made in t0 this adt. the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majefly in lieu thereof), or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and eftablifhed for managing, raifmg, levying, colledting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afcertain'ing the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and prefcribed by this adt), fhall be pradtifed and put in execution in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the faid duties of excife upon paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedtively hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the faid powers, rules, diredtions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enadted in this prefent adt.

LV. And be it further enadted, That the feveral duties of cuf- Duties of customs by this adt impofed fhall (except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this adt) be managed, afcertained, raifed, le- beraifed astlre vied, colledted, recovered, anfwered, and paid, in fuch and the duties repeallike manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways, or ed were raifed, methods, by which the duties of cuftoms upon paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper refpedtively, by this adt refpedtively repealed were or ought to be managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, colledted, recovered, anfwered, and paid ; and that all paper, pafteboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper re-fpectively, for or in refpedt whereof any d uty of cuitoms is by this

 

4§6 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1794.,-

aft impofed, {hall be, and the lame are hereby made fubject and liable (except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this aft J to all and every the conditions, rules, regulations, reftriftions, provifions, and forfeitures refpeftively, to which goods, wares, or merchandize in general were fubjeft and liable by any aft or acts of parliament in force, at and immediately upon the commencement of this aft,- refpefting the revenue of cuftoms ; and all and every fine, penalty, or forfeiture, of any nature 6r kind whatfoever, for any offence whatfoever committed againft or in breach of any act or afts of parliament in force, at and immediately before the commencement of this aft, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral powers, direftions, claufes, matters, and things therein contained, (unlcfs where exprefsly altered by this aft), {hall and the fame are hereby refpeftively direfled and declared to extend to, and the fame refpeftively {ball be applied, praftifed, and put in execution, for and in refpeft of the faid duties of cuftoms by this aft impofed, in as full and ample manner to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if all and every the faid afts, claufes, conditions, rules, regulations, reftriftions, pro-tdiions, powers, direftions, fines, pains, penalties, forfeitures,-matters, and things refpeftively, were particularly repeated and . ^	re-enafted	in	the	body of this aft.-

ttiar ^with^° ^VI. Provided always, That nothing in this aft (ball extend, t he duties1, any or conftrued to extend, to charge with the duties of cuftoms of the afore- any of the aforefaid articles which fhall be imported from the Ifie laid articles 0f Man, under the conditions, regulations, and reftriftions of an thTme o^lan at^> ma^e the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, under 5 Geo. (intituled, An a A for the better fecuring and further improvement

3.	c.43. of the revenues of cuftoms, exeije, inland and fait duties; and for encouraging the linen jiianufaCiure of the Ifie of Man ; and for allozv-ing the importation of feveral goods, the produce and manufacture of the [aid ijlcind, under certain rejlriCtions and regulations).

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it fhall not be lawful

Penalty on importing for fale, books

for any person or persons whatfoever, to import or bring into

firft printed in this kingdom, for fale, any book or books firft compofed, writ-*-this kingdom ten, or printed, and publiftied in this kingdom, and re-printed and re-printed in - any other country or place whatfoevqr, and if any person or in^any other, persons (hall import or bring, or ca-ufe to be imported or brought ^ '	into this kingdom, for fale, any printed book or books firft com-

pofed, written, or printed and publifhed in this kingdom, and reprinted in any other country or place as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly fell, publiih, expofe to fale, or have in his, her, or their pofFefiion for fale, any lurch book or books* then every fuch book and books fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of cuftoms or excife, and the fame fhall be forthwith made wafie paper $ and further, that every person and persons fo offending, being duly conviefted thereof, fhall for every iuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and double the value of each and every copy of fuch book or books which he, -fhe, or they fhall fo import or bring, or caufe to be imported or brought

into

 

1794*] Anfio regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.	4

into this kingdom, or fhall knowingly fell, publifh, expofe to fale, or caufe to be fold, publifhed, or expofed to fale, or fhall have in his, her, or their porteffion for fale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this acl; and the commiflioners of cuftoms Commiffion-in England and Scotland refpeftively, (in cafe the fame fhall be andexcife^may feized by any officer or officers of the cuflcrhs), and the com- reward their iniffioners of excife in England and Scotland refpeftively, (in cafe officers feizing the fame fhall be feized by any officer or officers of excife), fhall fach books, alfo reward the officer or officers who fhall feize any fuch books which fhall be fo made wafte paper of, with fuch fum or fums of money as they the faid refpeftive commiflioners fhall think fit, not exceeding the value of fuch books ; fuch rewards refpeftively to be paid by the faid refpeftive commiflioners out of any money in their hands refpeftively arifing from the duties by this aft ini-pofed : provided, That this aft fhall not extend to any book that Exception to has not been printed or re-printed in this kingdom within twenty	^

years before the fame fhall be imported, nor to any book reprinted abroad and inferred among other books or Crafts to be fold therewith in any collection where the greatefl part of fuch collection fhall have been fir ft compofed or written abroad.

LVIII. And be it further enafted, That all the monies arifing Duties to be by the duties by this aft impofed (the necertary charges of raifing exchequer^2 and accounting for the fame excepted) fnall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his MajeilVs exchequer at Wejlminjhr\ and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund; and that at the end of every quarter of a year after the 1 $>75°h to be paffing of this aft, that is to fay, on the fifth day of April, the thereoTitquar-fifth day of July, the tenth day of October^ and the fifth day of terly, and the January in every year, there fhall be fit apart at the faid receipt, remainder to out of the monies arifing from the rates and duties granted by he applied in this aft, the fum of eighteen thoufand feven hundred and fifty	an^

pounds, being one fourth part of the average yearly produce for charge occa-three years next before and ending on the fifth day of January iioned by any one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, of the rates and loan °f this duties upon paper, pafteboard, miilboard, fcaleboard, and glazed ^l0n’ paper, which are repealed by this aft; and that after fitting apart fuch quarterly fums as aforefaid, the remainder of the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties granted by this aft, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpofe of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan made or flock created or to be created by virtue of any aft or afts parted or to be parted in this feffion of parliament, and that during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, a book or^books, in which all the furplus monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt fhall, together with the monies arifing from any rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccelTors, upon any account whatever.

LIX. And

 

48'S

Limitation of adtions.

fecncral iffue.

Treble colls.

Commence-ment of adt.

Preamble.

Anno regm tficefimo qiiarto GeorgixIIL c. 21. [1794*

LIX. And be it further enadcd By the authority aforefaid, i"hat if any action or fuitfhall be brought or commenced againft any per-fon or perfons, for any thing by him, her, or them, done by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and {hall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit fhall or may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon •, and if afterwards a verdid fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difeon-tinue his, her, or their adion or fuit, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LX. And be it further enaded, That this ad fhall commence and take effed, as to all fuch matters and things therein contained, in refped whereof no fpecial commencement is hereby di-reded or provided, from and immediately after the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

CAP. XXI.

An off for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy and viClualli?ig bills ; and for providing for the regular payment of all navy and victualling bills that fall be ijfued in future.—[April 4, 1794.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, having taken into our ferious conlideration the prefent ftate of the debt of your Majefty’s navy, and being defirous to make fome provifion towards fatisfadion thereof, have refolved, that all persons interefted in or intitled unto any bills payable in the courfe of the navy or vidualling offices, which were made out on or before the thirty-firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, who fhould, on or before the twelfth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, carry the fame, after having had the intereft due thereupon computed and marked upon the faid bills at the navy or vidualling offices refpedively, to the office of the treaiurer of his Majefty’s navy, to be marked and certified by him or his paymafter and cafhier to the governor and company of the bank of England, fhould be intitled in refped of the fame to one hundred and one pounds capital ftock for every one hundred pounds contained in fuch certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler fum, the faid capital ftock to be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be paid and payable at the times and in the manner herein mentioned ; we, your Majefty’s moft faithful commons, do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ■enacted ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty.

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2 1.	489

by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all persons interefted in or Navy or yio intitled unto any bill or bills payable in the courfe of the navy or ^n^out^be victualling offices, which were made out on or before the thirty- fore March 31, firfb day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, 1793, with in-who (hall, on or before the twelfth day of April one thoufand terefttoMarch feven hundred and ninety-four, carry the fame, ~ after having had the intereft thereupon computed up to the firft day of March one the refprdive thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and marked upon the offices,carried faid bills at the navy or victualling offices respectively, to the of- to the navy lice of the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, (hall have in exchange for the fame from fuch treafurer, or his paymafter or cafhier, a changed for certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England, certificates to for the amount of the principal and interefc computed thereupon, the bank, in-

and the persons that {hall be fo poiTeffed of any fuch certificates	to	IOTj*

nn r	1	r	,	r-i	J	,	i	ftock per iool.

Ihall, upon delivery thereof to the laid governor and company, be

intitled in refpect of the fame to the fum of one hundred and one pounds capital ftock for each one hundred pounds contained in fuch certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer fum, which faid capital flock fhall be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annmn, to commence from the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and (hall be paid and payable at the bank of England at the times and in the manner herein mentioned.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Holders of it fhall and may be lawful to and for any person or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who fhall be poflefted tobef0 mari^ of, interelled in, or intitled unto any bill or bills payable in courfe ed. out of his Majefty’s offices of the navy or victualling, which were refpe£tively made out in the faid refpeclive offices on or before the thirty-firfl day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, to deliver fuch bill or bills to the refpective trea-furers of the faid offices, to be marked, computed, and certified in fuch manner as is herein-after mentioned at any time on or before the twelfth day or April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and at fuch place or places as fhall have been appointed by notice given,in The London Gazette, and other publick papers for that purpofe,

in. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the interefl which became due on the faid Intereft on fir ft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four bills to be f for and in refpect of the faid navy and victualling bills, fhall be themf betore computed and marked upon the faid bills at the navy and visual- delivery at the ling offices refpectively before the fame arc delivered to the trea- n^vy office, furer of his Majefty’s navy, and the proper officer and officers of his Majefty’s navy and vi£tualling offices refpectively, is and are hereby authorifed and required to compute and mark the intereft as aforefaid upon every fuch bill which fhall be tendered to him or them for that purpofe.	f

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the^Tvta * Vox.. XXXIX. .	Kk	it	receive La

490

bills, mark and cancel them, and make forth certificates.

Anno regni tricefirfio quarto Georgii III. c. it. [1794.

it fhall and may be lawful to and for the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy for the time being to take in and receive from all and every person or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who is or are or fhall be poftefTed of, interefted in, or in-titled unto, any fuch navy or vi&ualling bills, all the faid bills which any fuch person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fhall, on or before the faid twelfth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, deliver to fuch treafurer; and the faid treafurer, or his paymafter and cafhier, is and are hereby authorifed and required to mark and cancel every fuch bill, and make forth and fign the certificate herein directed to be made out in lieu of the faid bills, cates toTntitle	And	be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

to an annuity and every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, of5l. per cent, who fhall deliver any fuch bill or bills to the faid treafurer as per ann. from aforefaid, upon producing fuch certificates as are hereby dire£ted Jan. 1, 1794, to ke ma(je forth by the faid treafurer in lieu of fuch bills, fhall, in refpedt of the principal fuin hereby granted for every fum of one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler fum, have and be entitled to an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the faid fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and to be paid or payable to fuch person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or fuch as he, (he, or they fhall appoint, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, or affigns refpec-tively, which faid annuities fhall be in lieu of all other intereft for or in refpedt of fuch bills, and fhall be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at two of the moft ufual days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year ; the firft payment thereof to become due or the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four; and that all persons and corporations intitled to any fuch , annuity or annuities aforefaid, and his, her, and their adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and affigns refpedtively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, fhall have good, fure, abfolute, and indefeafible eftates and interefts in the faid annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this adt, until the redemption thereof in the manner herein di-which fiiatl be rented, and fhall be poftefTed thereof as of a perfonal eftate which fhall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London or otherwife ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that all the faid annuities fhall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, fhall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the confolidated fund, after paying, or referving fufficient to ^000,000 pay? au fuch fums of money as have been diredted by any former per cents?be * a(^ or a<^s parliament; and that the faid annuities fhall be ir-paid off. redeemable until twenty-five millions of the publick debt, bearing interefl; after the rate of either three pounds per centum per

annum%

perfonal eftate, and free from taxes.

Annuities payable outofthe confolidated fund, and irredeemable,

 

1794 ] Anno regni trieefimo quarto GeoRGii III. c,	491

annum, or four pounds per centum per annum, (hall have been redeemed and paid off,

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That	^

Upon the delivering in of fuch navy or victualling bills by any

perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, the treafurer of cate for the his Majefty’s navy, or his paymafter and cafhier, fhall, and they amount of are hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a certificate, fuch b^lls^and^ figned by him or them, for the principal fum or fums contained ^^be’sdiign-in fuch bills, and alfo for the intereft which fhall have been com- edbeforeAug. puted and marked as aforefaid to be due on the faid firft day of 30, 1794* and March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, to fuch per- be free fon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their duties. afiigns, and all fuch certificates fhall be aflignable by indorfement thereupon, made at any time before the thirtieth day of Augiift one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer; and no fuch certificate or afiignment thereupon fhall be charged with any ftamp duties whatever, and that the intereftfo computed and marked on every fuch bill fhall be added to the principal fum contained in every fuch bill refpeClively, and the amount of fuch principal and interefi certified in manner before directed fhall be the principal fums for which the person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering fuch bills, fhall he intitled to fuch capital flock as aforefaid, after the rate of one hundred and one pounds for every one hundred pounds contained in fuch certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter fum, to be attended with an annuity after the faid rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That if any infant or infants fhall have become intitled to any of Guardian^ the faid bills, in fuch cafe the guardian or guardians, truftee or fortfene? truftees of fuch infant or infants, fhall or may, and he, fhe, or fit of infants, they is or are hereby impowered, for the benefit of fuch infant or infants, to deliver up to fuch treafurer all fuch of the faid bills to which fuch infant or infants fhall be fo intitled; and fuch infant and infants, upon fuch guardian or guardians, truftee or trufiees, delivering up fuch bill, fhall be intitled to fuch an annuity as aforefaid as fully as any other person or persons whatever; and the faid guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, fhall be discharged from the fame, fo as the name of fuch infant be expretted in fuch certificate or certificates; any thing herein contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in anywife notwith-ftanding.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all persons who, as executors, adminiftrators, Executors, truftees, committees of idiots or lunaticks, or persons of unfound

mind, depofitaries, or mortgagees, fhall be or become pottTefied theirpofihtTicm of, interefted in, or intitled unto, any of the faid bills, fhall and in truft, may deliver up fuch bills as they fhall be refpeCtively poflefted of, interefted in, or intitled unto, to fuch treafurer as aforefaid, to be cancelled and certified as aforefaid; and as to executors or adminiftrators, the capital flock of annuities which they fhall be

Kk 2	refpec-

Bank to receive certifi-

may be tranf-fcrred, &c.

Anno regni trtcefimo quarto GeoRGTI III. c. 21. [1794; refpe£tively inti tied to in refpeft of the faid bills fo by them delivered up, and the dividends from time to time arifing therefrom* fhall be afTets in their hands in the fame manner as the laid bills were or would have been had they not been fo delivered up; and as to truftees, committees, depofitaries, and mortgagees, the capital ftock of annuities which they fhall be refpedlively inti tied unto, for and in refpedl of fuch trull or mortgaged bills which they fhall fo deliver up to fuch treafurer as aforefaid, and the dividends from time to time arifing therefrom, fhall be fubjedl and liable to the fame trulls or equity of redemption as fuch bills were or would have been had they not been fo delivered up for fuch annuity as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and comer edit for ioif PanY tbc bank of England, and their fucceflors, or fuch person principal, for * or persons as they fhall appoint for that purpofe, and he and they every xool. is and are hereby refpedlively authorised and required to take in therein,which and receive all and every of the certificates to be ma.de out in

lieu of the faid bills as aforefaid, in purfuance of the directions of this a£l, and upon the receipt of every fuch certificate fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith to give credit in a book or books to be prepared for that purpofe,, for the principal futn of one hundred and one pounds for every fum of one hundred pounds contained in fuch certificates fo brought to him or them as aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or lelfer fum ; and the perfons, bodies politick or corporate, to whofe credit fuch principal fums fhall be entered in the faid book or books,, his, her, or their executors, adminillrators, or afiigns, fhall and may have power to afiign and transfer the fame, or any part, lhare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpofe ; and the faid governor and company for the time being fball alfo, on or before the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, tranfmit an at-tefled duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books firfl herein-before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his hiajefty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XI.	And, for the more eajy and fire payment of the annuities ejla-blijhed by this aft, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England and their fuccefiors fhall from time to time appoint and employ one or more fufficient person or perfons, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firfl cafhier or cafhiers, and one other person or persons within the fame office, to be their accountant general; and that fo much of the monies, from time to time, being in the receipt of the exchequer, of the

to be 1 ffued at	confolidated fund, by this act made applicable for that pur-

for paytnentof P0^ as be Efficient to anfwer the faid annuities, fhall, by the annuities. order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, in that

behalf.

Bank to appoint an accountant general.

Treafury to order money

 

4 93

iyg4‘J Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 21.

behalf, from time to time, at the refpe&ive days of payment in this a6t appointed, be ifl'ued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer to the firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the laid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account for the payment of the faid annuities •> and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom Cafhier to pay the faid monies fhall from time to time be ifiued, fhall from time out delay*1*' to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer.

XII.	And it is hereby alfo enadled, That the faid accountant Accountant general for the time being (hall from time to,time infpedl and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, fhjtrs ac_ and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, counts, negligence, or delay.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That all the monies intended to be converted into annuities by

virtue of this {hall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one 5]/perQ capital or joint (lock, on which the faid annuities, after the rate cents, efta-of five pounds per centum per annum, fhall be attending, and fhall blithed by 24 be added to and made part of the joint Hock of annuities with and fhall be redeemable at the fame time and in like manner as	c.

the annuities carrying an intereft after the rate of live pounds per 3Z, centum per annum, eftablifhed by an a61 made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victuallings and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures; and by another adt of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling, and tranfport bilks and ordnance debentures % and that all and every person or persons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they {hall become intitled as aforefaid by virtue of this adh, fhall have, or be deemed to have, a proportional intereft and {hare in the faid ftock of annuities at the rate aforefaid ; and that the faid whole capital or joint ftock, or any {hare or intereft therein, and the proportional annuity attending the. fame, {hall be affignable and transferable as this adl directs, and not otherwife ; and that there {hall conftantly be kept Book to be in the office of the faid accountant general for the time being, kept for enter-within the city of Londons a book or books, wherein all aftign- ingUanstis0 ments or transfers of the faid whole capital or joint ftock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame at the rate aforefaid, fhall be entered and regiftered ; which entries {hall be conceived in proper words •for that purpofe, and {hall be figned by the parties making fuch alignments or transfers, or if any fuch party or parties be ablent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneffes, and that the person or persons to whom fuch transfers {hall be made fhall refpedlively underwrite his, her, or ifteir acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning

K k 3	or

 

Annuities may be devifed.

Bank to continue a corporation till annuities are redeemed*

or transferring the faid flock, and the annuities attending the fame or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good and available in law, and that no flamp duties whatfoever fhall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of them.

XIV.	Provided always, That all persons poffeffed of any fhare or interefl in the faid joint flock of annuities, or any eflate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two ,or more credible witneffes, but that no payment fhall be made upon any fuch devife until fo much of the faid will as relates to fuch eflate, fhare, or intereft, be entered in the faid office, and that in default of fuch transfer or devife as aforefaid, fuch fhare, eftate, or intereft fhall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fuc-ceffors, and affigns.

XV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the bank of England and their fuccefTors, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in purfuance of the a£ls for eftablifhing the fame, or any of them, fhall continue a corporation for the purpofes of this a£l till all the faid annuities fhall be redeemed by parliament; and the faid governor and company, or any member thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon of his or their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this a (ft.

XVI.	And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, fhall be demanded or taken for computing and marking the intereft on the faid bills, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling the faid bills, or any of them, or for granting certificates in lieu thereof as aforefaid, or for ifluing the monies for paying the faid annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fumv great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this a6l, upon pain that any officer or person offendingby taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this a6l fhall, for every offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with all cofts of fuit by acftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeftmlnJler, wherein no effoin, protedion, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the reward per- ^ authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners of the treafury, or inThe^xecu- any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or

any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall have power, and they are hereby authorifed, out of the faid confolidated fund, to reward all fuch persons as fhall be anyways employed in the execution of this a61, for their fervice, pains, and labour, and alfo to defray fuch incident charges as fhall neceffarily attend the fame, and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as they fhall think proper, for the feryice, pains, and labour of the cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities made payable by this afh, and alfo for the

fervice^.

Penalty for taking fees for marking

Treafury may

tion gf this

a£t.

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 22.	495

fervice, pains, and trouble of the faid accountant general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on or repofed in him by this a ft, all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refpeft to the fervice, pains, and labours of any officer or officers of the laid governor and company of the bank of England,, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding,

X VIII, And whereas it is expedient to provide for the regular payment in courfe atfated periods of all navy and viftualling bills that Jhall be ijfued in future ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid^

That from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred From April and ninety-four, all bills registered in the courfe of the navy and 5> *794, navy* victualling fhall be made payable on a certain day, to beexpreffed ^Hin^bills in each particular bill, which day (hall not be later than fifteen fhall be made months from the date of fuch bill, and that the intereft on fuch payable on a bills as ufually carry intereft fhall commence from the day on certain day, which the faid bills fhall be regiftered, and fhall be paid at fuch c* ftated periods as fhall be indorfed in writing on fuch bill at the time of iffuing the lame.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any person or persons fhall at any time or times be fued, moleft-ed, or profecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing therein contained, fuch person or persons fhall and may plead the general iffue, General iffue* and give the fpecial matter in -evidence for his or their defence ; and if a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difcontinue his or their aftion, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him or them upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or Treble colts, plaintiffs.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for allowing vejfels employed in the Greenland and whale fijhery to complete their full number of men, at certain ports, for a limited tune,—[April 4, 1794.]

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the twenty- Preamble.

fxth year of the reign of his prcfent Majefy, (intituled,, An 26 Geo. 3. c. aft for the further fupport and encouragement of the fifheries 4X> and carried on in the Greenland Teas and Davis’s Sir eights,) continued and amended by another aft, made in the thirty-fecond year of his pre-fent Majefy, (intituled\ An aft to continue and amend feveral laws	c*

relating to the encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the 27,9 Greenland feas and Davis's Streights; and to amend the laws now in force for the encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the feas to the fouthward of the Greenland feas, and Davis's Streights); amongf feveral other particular regulations and reflriftions therein mentioned, it is enafted, That every Jhip of the burthen of two hundred tansy defined for thej'aidfijkeryyfloall and is thereby obliged to have on board

K k 4	twenty-

496 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c.22. [1794*

twenty-eight men, hefides the majler and fnrgeon ; and every Jhip of larger burthen an increafe of fix men for every fifty tons above the faid tivo hundred tons: and whereas during the prefent hojlilities, it may be difficult, in fome cafes, for the majlers or owners of fuch Jhips to be provided with their full complement of men, at the port from whence fuch fijips are fitted and cleared out for the faid fijhery : for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the Veflels not ^ authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of March the^conf °ne t^ou^anc^ ^'even hundred and ninety-four, and during the conti-mentof men nuance °f the prefent hoftilities with France, it {hall and may be purfuant to lawful for any fhip or vefiel which is not provided with the full com-rccited ads,	plement of men, purfuant to the directions of the faid recited aCts, at

^ P°£it0f	t^ie Port from whence fuch fhip or veffel {hall be fitted and cleared

may^omplde out> to Proceed from thence to any of the ports in the forth of Clyde, the number or in Lough Ryan, or to Lerwick in the ifle of Shetland, or to Kirkwah at certain	in the Orkneys, and complete the number of men there ; provided

Entitled to"	tne nurnber wanted doth not exceed three common men for every

bounty on	fifty tons burthen of fuch {hip or veffel, but not otherwife; and

certain con- upon return of fuch {hip or vefiel from the faid fifhery, fuch men ditions.	may be landed and fet on {hore at any of the ports in the forth of

Clyde, or in Lough Ryan, or at Lerwick, or Kirkwall aforefaid $ and upon the matter or owners of fuch {hip or veffel producing to the proper officer of the cuftoms at the port of his arrival in Great Britain a certificate under the hand of the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at any of the ports aforefaid, as the cafe may be, (which certificate they are hereby enjoined and required to give to the mafter of fuch fhip or vefiel), certifying the number and the names of the men that were on board fuch fhip or veffel at the time of her arrival at any of the faid ports, together with the number and names of the men fo taken on board fuch fhip or vefiel at any of the faid ports, and the number and names '	»	of the men that were landed and fet on {hore there refpeCtively,

upon the return of fuch fhip or veffel from the fifhery; and the mafter and mate of fuch fhip or veffel making oath before the collector and comptroller at the port of their arrival in Great Britain, that the men fo taken on board as aforefaid proceeded from thence on the faid fifhery, and continued on board during the time fuch fhip qr veffel was employed in that bufinefs, the mafter or owners of fuch fliip or vefiel {hall be intitled to the bounty granted by the faid act pafied in the thirty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty, in the fame manner as they would have been intitled thereto, in cafe the full complement of men had been taken on board at the port from whence fuch {hip or veffel was fitted and cleared out, and had returned on board fuch fliip or veffel to fuch port in Great Britain; provided all the other regulations and reftridtions required and directed by the faid recited aCts have been duly complied yvith and performed; any thing in the faid recited aCts contained to the contrary notyyithftandjng,

C A K

 

497

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 23.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for amending and making perpetual an aft made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the arts of defigning and printing linens, cottons, callicoes, and muflins, by vefting the properties thereof in the defigners, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time.—[April 4, 1794.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the twenty-feventh year of Preamble.

the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled> An aft for the 27 Geo. 3. encouragement of the arts of defigning and printing linens, cottons, callicoes, and muflins, by vefting the properties thereof in the defigners, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time); which faid aft was, by another aft made in the twenty-ninth year of 29 Geo* 3* the reign of his prefent Majejly, continued fro?n the expiration thereof until the firjl day of July one thoufand )even hundred and ninety-four: and whereas the faid fir ft recited aft hath by experience been found to Expedient to be ufeful and beneficial: and whereas it is expedient that the time limited extend time by the faid firjl recited aft for vefting the property of new and original	^

patterns for printing linens, cottons, callicoes, or muflins, in the defigners , printer S) and proprietors thereof Jbould be extendedfor a longer time: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, every person who fhall invent, defign, and print, or caufe to be invented, defigned, and printed, and become the proprietor of any new and original pattern or patterns for printing linens, cottons, callicoes, or muflins, fhall have the foie right and liberty of printing and reprinting the fame for the term oEthree months., to commence from the day of the Term further firft publifhing thereof which fhall Ee truiyprmted with the name extended. of the printer or proprietors at each end of~everyfuftTpiece of ^ CA /&. AfcP linen, cotton, calico, or muflirT; and thatlFany callico printer, linen draper, or other person whatfoever, from and after the faid firft: day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, within the time limited by this a61, {hall print, work, or copy, fuch original pattern or patterns, or caufe to be printed, worked, or copied, fuch original pattern or patterns, or IhalJ print or reprint, or caufe to be printed or reprinted, any fuch pattern or patterns, and fhall publifh, fell, or expofe to fale, or in any other manner difpofe of, or caufe to be publifhed, fold, or expofed to fale, or in any other manner difpofed of, any linen, cotton, callico, or muflin, fo printed, (without the confent of the proprietor or proprietors thereof firft had and obtained in writing, figned by him or them refpeftively in the prefence of two or more credible witnefles), knowing the fame to be fo printed or reprinted without the confent of the proprietor or proprietors of fuch pattern, then eve^ ry fuch proprietor or proprietors fhall and may, if the offence be committed in England^ by and in a fpecial aft-ion upon the cafe, to be

brought

 

498 Anno regni trlcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24, 25. [1794."

brought againft the person or persons fo offending, recover fuch damages as a jury on the trial of fuch adion or on the execution of a writ of inquiry thereon, {hall give or affefs, together with cofts of fuit, in which no wager of law, effoin, privilege, or prote&ion, or more than one imparlance, {hall be allowed : and that in all other refpe&sthe faid firft recited a ft, and all the claufes, matters. Ad made per- and things therein contained, (except fo far as the fame is varied petual.	by	this	ad), {hall be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XXIV.

An ad for making certain navigable cuts from the towns of Buckingham, Aylefbury, and Wendover, in the county of Buckingham, to communicate with the Grand Jundion Navigation, authorifed to be made by an ad of the laft felfion of parliament; and for amending the faid ad.— [March 38, 1794-]

Ad 33 Geo. 3. c. 80, recited. Power to make new cuts. Plans and books of reference of the cuts depofited with clerks of the peace to remain there. Not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the line described in the plans. Reftridions refpeding the manfion houfe, &c. of Mr. Sheppard at Thornton in Buckinghamlhire. Company obliged to change the road in Alton fields, if required. Company empowered to fell lands not ufed for the navigation. Ten proxies may be voted by one proprietor. Committees to be appointed annually in June, and three to be a quorum. Forfeitures of lhares for not anfwering the calls repealed. Shares of persons not anfwering calls may be fold. Company not obliged to admit land owners to lhares, but under certain conditions. Company may allow five per cent, intereft to proprietors paying up their fubfcriptions before called for. Regulation for transferring lhares. Proprietors to be taxed for lands and buildings. Publick ad.

CAP. XXV.

An ad for extending the Wyrley and Ellington canal.—[March 28, 1794.]

Ad 3% Geo. 3. c. 81, recited. New fubferibers added. Company im-powered to extend the canal. Plan depofited with clerks of the peace to remain there. Company reftrained from taking the waters, &c. that fup-ply lord Mountrath’s mills. To prevent too great an influx of water into the marquis of Donnegall’s pools, &c. No water to be taken from the Birmingham or Staffordlhire canal. Reftridion refpeding water in the mines in the manor of Gofcott. Proprietors may raife feventy-five thou-fand pounds. Rates of tonnage. For all coals, (except flack for burning limeftone) coak, iron, See. and other minerals conveyed upon the faid canal, and fhall enter- the Wyrley and Ellington canal, and not palling through a lock at Catfhill, nine-pence a ton. For coals, &c. conveyed by the intended canal, and not palling through a lock to be ereded at Cati-hill, nine-pence a ton. For coals, &c. for which i}ine-pence a ton has been paid upon the Wyrley and Ellington canal, or upon the faid intended canal, and lhall afterwards pafs through any lock ereded at Catlhill, the further fum of one Ihilling and three-pence a ton. For all coals. See. produced or gotten from or out of any lands fituate below the lock at Catfhill, and carried upon any part of the canal between Catlhill and Huddlef-ford, two ihillings a ton. For all flack or fmall coal for burning lime, &c. conveyed by the faid canal, and not palling through a lock to be ereded at Catlhill, lixpence. For all lime for which fixpence a ton lhall have been paid upon the Wyrley and Ellington canal, or upon the intended canal, and lhall afterwards pafs any lock ereded at Catlhill, the further fum of nine-pence a ton. Exemption. All coals, &c. for which nine-pence a ton lhall have been paid upon the Wyrley and Ellington canal, lhall afterwards be allowed to pafs upon any part of the faid canal (except through the lock at Catlhill) without being liable to the payment of any

rate

 

1794-1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c.	26.

rate whatfoevcr. All coals, &c. for which nine-pence or fixpence a ton (hall have been paid upon the intended canal, (hall afterwards be allowed to pafs upon any part of the Wyrley and Efiington canal without payment of any rate. Power to vary the rates. No higher rate to be taken by virtue of the recited aCt for lime, (lack of coal. Sec. than fixpence a ton.

Power to enforce payment of fubferiptions. Proprietors of (hares in the prefent Wyrley canal to receive five pounds per cent, per (hare intereft, and profits to be divided amongft all the proprietors under this and the former aCt. Company obliged to purchafe (hares of proprietors who (hall not be fatisfied with the extenfion. To protect Lichfield conduit pipes.

Not to cut canal until 50,0001. is fubferibed, and ten pounds per cent. paid. Compenfation to be made for tithes. Mr. Hufiey impowered to make a cut to the canal. Expences of this aCt, and making furveys, Scc. to bt paid out of the money firft fubferibed. Publick adt.

CAP. XXVI.

An adt for making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the canal navigation from Manchefter to or near Afiiton-under-Lyne and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancafter, at the intended aqueduCl bridge in Dukinfield, in the county of Chefter, to or near to Chapel Milton, in the county of Derby ; and a communication by railways or (lone roads from thence to Load’s Knowl, within Peak Foreft, in the faid county of Derby; and a branch from and out of the faid intended canal to Whaley Bridge, in the faid county of Chefter.—[March 38,

1794.]

Proprietors names. Incorporated by the name of u The Company of Proprietors of the Peak Foreft Canal.79 Canal to be called (< The Peak Foreft Canal,” Power to make canal. Power to make rollers or inclined planes, Sec. Houfes and gardens not to be injured. Plan and book of reference to be authenticated by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and depofited with clerks of the peace for the counties of Chefter and Derby, and clerk of the company. Not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the line laid down in the plan. Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obftruCt making the canal. Company may adopt either of the two lines near Marple Dale laid down in the plan.

Directing how the towing path through the lands of George Hyde Clarke efq; and Mr, Samuel Oldknow, (hall be made. The company not to take any water from the rivers, brooks, Sec. near the line of the canal, except in times of flood. Gauge weirs to be erected acrofs the brooks. Two agents to be appointed by the company to regulate and keep in repair tunnels, gauges, &c. and juftices at the fefiions may remove agents and appoint others. For repairing damage done to the channel and works made to preferve the mill waters. Compenfation to be made for damages done by breach of refervoir or other works. Breadth of canal and towing paths to be twenty-four yards. Where roads are injured others to be made. No buildings to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Power to take water from mines. To oblige proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the canal. For protection of the eftates of Fofter Bower efq; and the reverend Simon Jacfon. To impovver Mr.

Hodgfon to make cuts, Sec. under the canal. Bodies politick, Sec. impowered to fell and convey lands. Company to purchafe land cut off, lefs than half an acre or twenty yards in breadth, and land feparated by the canal, or to make a communication. For preferving copyhold rights.

Satisfaction to be made for damages done in making canal, and if the parties cannot agree, the price to be fettled by commifiioners or a jury. Commifiioners for fettling differences. Fourteen days notice to be given of meeting of commifiioners, On application of the proprietors or land owners, commifiioners may meet. Proceedings of commifiioners to be entered in a book, and a clerk appointed, Commifiioners to fettle differences, but a jury to be fummoned in certain cafes. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors, before complaint to the commiifioners. Per-fons guilty qf perjury may be profecuted, Verdict of value of land, and

damages^

 

500

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1794:

damages, to be afcertained feparately. VerdiCt to be recorded, and lands veiled in the proprietors. Verdicts of juries may be removed by certiorari. Purchafe- money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid out to the fame ufes. Compenfation to be made for tithes. For paying off mortgages for lands ufed for the navigation. Satisfaction to be made by annual rent, where the title is doubtful. Mines, &c. referved to lords of manors and others, but not to be worked to prejudice the navigation, and the company’s agents may enter mines to view the works. Proprietors fcnay raife ninety thoufand pounds. Money to be divided into nine hundred (h ires, of one hundred pounds each, and deemed perfonal eftate. Names of proprietors to be entered in a book, and tickets of their lhares delivered to them. Subfcribers to have a vote for every (hare, not exceeding five votes to each fubferiber, nor five for proxies. Proprietors may raife fixty thoufand pounds more, if neceffary, by mortgage. Interefl of money borrowed to be paid in preference to the dividends. Mortgagees not to vote on account of having lent money. Firft general alfembly to be on the fifth of June, 1794, and to meet the firft Thurfday in June in every year. Committee to be appointed, who may make bye laws, &c. General afifemblies for chufing committees to confift of forty lhares. Af-fembly of proprietors may be convened upon twenty-one days’ notice. Officers to the company to be appointed. Powers of the committee to make calls. Subfcribers to have notice before their lhares are forfeited. The committee to be under the controul of general affemblies. Books of accompts to be kept. On the death of fubferibers before ihare completed, executors may do it. Shares may be difpofed of. Rates of tonnage. For every ton oflimeftone, three halfpence per mile. For every ton of Hone (except limeftone) lime, coals, and other minerals, two-prnce per mile. For every ton of dung, clay, fand and gravel, not palling through a lock, one penny per mile. For every ton of dung, clay, fand and gravel, palling through a lock, two-pence per mile. For every ton of timber, goods, and merchandize, &c. three-pence per mile. Canal to be meafured, and {tones fet up. Recovery of rates. Rates maybe altered. Three-pence per ton wharfage for ten days, and one halfpenny a day after. Company impowered to leafe the rates. Power to fix the price of parcels not exceeding five hundred pounds weight. Mailers of boats to give an accompt in writing of particulars of lading. Forty cubit feet of oak, alh, elm or beech timber, or fifty cubit feet of fir or deal, balk, poplar, or other timber, to be deemed one ton weight. If any difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh or meafure boats, &c. ' Navigation to be free upon payment of rates. VelTels under fifteen, or ten tons, not to pafs locks without confent of proprietors. Regulations of velfels palling locks. To prevent lock keepers, &c. giving any preference. Mailers to put their names on the outlide of their boats. Weight of the lading of velfels to be marked, and velfels to be gauged. Mailers or owners of boats to be an-fwerable for damages. Works damaged by the floods to be1 repaired by the company. Drains to be made to convey water from the land adjoining, and watering places for cattle. For fencing off towing paths, and making bridges, &c. Swivel and draw-bridges to be fhut and fattened after velfels fhall have palfed through them, on penalty of five pounds. In cafe the company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company’s expence. Lords of manors and land owners may ereCt warehoufes, &c. on their lands. If not done in fix months after notice, the company may build. Three-pence per ton for the ufe of private wharfs for ten days, afid one halfpenny a day after. Power for owners of mines to make railways for conveying coals, &c. to the canal. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal, but not without confent of land owners. Company of proprietors, or committee, to regulate the navigation. Boats funk to be weighed up. Five pounds penalty for overloading and obftruCting- the navigation, or opening locks, See. Perfons wilfully deftroying the works, to be punifhed as for petit larceny. Canal not to be under the power of commiffioners of fewers, and howto be rated. Rights of lords of manors, and land owners, to fifheries, referved. Land owners may ufe pleafure-boats. To compel payment of fublcriptions, Majority of proprietors may make future application

 

1794-] Annoregni tricesimo quartoGeorgii III. c. 27.	501

plications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. Recovery of forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in dif-trefs, to recover fpecial damage. Damages not provided for to be fettled by the commiffioners. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form.

Appeal. Limitation of adions. Treble edits. General iffue. Publick adt.

CAP. XXVII.

An a£l for granting to his Majejly certain additional duties on glafs vnported intoy or made in Great Britain.—[April 17, 1794*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the com- Preamble.

mons of Great Britain in parliament afiembled, towards raifingthe neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, and making fuch permanent addition to the publick revenue as {hall be adequate to the increafed charge occafioned by any loan to be raifed, or ftock to be created, by virtue of any a£t or a6ts for that purpofe to be palled in this feftion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral new and additional rates and duties herein after refpedfively mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and bv the authority of the fame.

That, from and after the palling of this a£t, there {hall be raifed,

levied, collected, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his

heirs and fucceftors, for and in refpedt of the feveral matters and

things hereinafter mentioned, over and above all duties already Additional

impofed for or in refpedt thereof by any adt or adfs of parliament, duties to be

the further duties of excife herein-after mentioned ; that is to Pald:

fay,

For every fquare foot fuperficial meafure of French plate glafs, For French which (hall be imported into Great Britain, the fum of eight-pence three farthings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefter 3 ^ per f00^;; quantity :

For every hundred weight of French flint glafs, or French ena- For French me!, ftained, or pafte glafs, or French phial glafs, which {hall be ^int &c* imported as aforefaid, the fum of fourteen {hillings and fix-pence,	Per*

and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity:	**

For every hundred weight of French window glafs, (not being For French fpread glafs), whether flafhed or otherwife manufactured, and window glafs commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glafs or of German Sheet Glafs, which {hall be imported as aforefaid, the cwL fum of nine {hillings and eleven-pence, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity:

For every hundred weight of plate glafs and other glafs ma- and for plate nufadtures not herein-before particularly enumerated or deferib-ed, (and not being fpread window glafs, commonly called Broad windoW glafs GlajS) nor bottles other than phials), which {hall be imported into See.) 14s. per Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quan- .ewt* tity, the fuiiTof fourteen {hillings;

The

Hosted by



$02

For materials ufed in making plate glafs, &c. in Great Britain ios. 8d. 3q. per. cwt.

and for materials ufed in making window glafs (not being fpread glafs) 8s. 3q. per cwt.

Duties to be under the management of the com-miflioners of excife.

Additional drawbacks to be allowed on exportation of glafs made in Great Britain.

For plate glafs, 8d. 3q. per foot.

For flint glafs &c. 14s. 6d. per cwt.

For window glafs, (not being fpread glafs), 9 s. 1 id. per cwt.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. [1794. The faid feveral duties upon glafs imported to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof:

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever the fame are or may be called or known, that (hall be made ufe of in Great Britain in the making of all plate glafs, or in the making of flint glafs, or enamel, ftained, or pafte glafs, or phial glafs, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, ten {hillings and eight-pence three farthings:

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever the fame are or may be called or known, that (hall be made ufe of in Great Britain in the making of all window glafs (not being fpread glafs), whether flalhed or otherwife manufaftured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glafs or of German Sheet Glafs, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, eight {hillings and three farthings.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fuch of the duties by this aft impofed as {hall arife in that part of Great Britain called England {hall be under the management of the commiflioners of excife in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as {hall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland {hall be under the management of the commiflioners of excife in Scotland for the time being.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the pafling of this aft, there {hall be paid the following additional drawbacks for and upon all glafs which fhall be made in Great Britain, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts ; that is to fay.

For every fquare foot fuperficial meafure of plate glafs which {hall be made in Great Britain, from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which the duties by this aft impofed in refpeft thereof {hall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the fum of eight-pence three farthings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity:

For every hundred weight of flint glafs, or enamelled, ftained, or pafte glafs, or phial glafs, which {hall be made in Great Britain, from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which the duties by this aft impofed in refpeft thereof fhall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the fum of fourteen {hillings and fixpence, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity:

For every hundred weight of window glafs fnot being fpread glafs) whether flalhed or otherwife manufaftured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glafs or of German Sheet Glafs, which {hall be made in Great Britain, from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which the duties by this aft impofed in refpeft thereof fhall have been paid, and exported a&

merchandize

 

i;94*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27.	503

merchandize to foreign parts, the fum of nine (hillings and elevenpence, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer quantity.

Which faid drawbacks (hall be paid and allowed out of the duties Drawbacks to

of excife by law impofed, under, fubjeft, and according to the ber^jJee^

rules, regulations, reftriftions, and provifions, contained and ^Geo.^. c.

provided in and by an aft, made in the twenty-fixth ydar of the 77> &c.

reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An att to limit a time for

the repayment of the duties on male fervants and carriages, by the com-

mijfioners of excife; and alfo on horfes, waggons, wains, and carts,

by the commiffioners of/lamps ; and for the amendment of fever al laws,

relating to the duties under the management of the commijfioners of

excife, or by any other aft or afts of parliament now in force,

relating to the exportation of glafs on drawback.

IV. And whereas by an aft, made in the twenty -feventh year of the a 7 Geo. 2* reign of his prefent Majefty, among/} other things, for repealing the c* duties of excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof certain duties of excife were impofed on the materials or metal, or other preparations zvhatfoever, that/hould be made ufe of in Great Britain, in the making of plate glafs: and whereas by another aft, made in the *7 Geo. 3. fame fe/Jion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his c*	an

Majefty certain duties on glafs imported into Great Britain, and for altering the mode of charging the duties on glafs made in Great Britain; it was enafted, \That in lieu of the. duty of excife then chargeable and payable for or in refpeft of any materials or met a/ or other preparations, made ufe of in Great Britain, in the making of caft plate glafs, there /hould be paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccejfors, at and after the rate of one pound one /hilling and five-pence halfpenny per hundred iv eight, for all caft plate glafs which Jhould be made in Great Britain, and zuhich Jhould be fquared into plates of a fuperficies not lefts than one thoufandfour hundred and eighty-five inches, and of a thicknefs according to their fuperficies as therein-after mentioned and defcribed: and whereas divers rules, regulations, reftriftions, and provifions, were by the faid aft, and another a51 made in-the twenty-	Geo. 3. c*

eighth year of the reign aforefaid for amending feverallazus relative to 371 recited* the revenue of excife, made, eftablijhed, impofed, and pro vided, for and in refpeft of the making and manufacturing offuel? caft plate glafs, for afeertaining, charging, raifing, and fecuring, the faid duty thereon, and for breaking caft plate glafs manufactured contrary to the directions of the faid ads in certain cafes: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid laft mentioned duty, together with the faid rules, regulations, re-Jlriftions, and provifions, and to revive the duty granted by the faid firft recited aft ; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, Duty impofed from and after the palling of this aft, the faid duty, together with on Pla*e the faid rules, regulations, reftriftions, and provifions, lhall be, ^Geo^^ and the fame are hereby repealed; fave only and except in all *8. and the cafes relating to the recovering any arrears of the faid duty, regulations of which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, tha.t and or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereta; and ^Geo^ for $lfo faving and excepting fo far as the faid rules, regulations, re- making itj ° y	ftriftions,	repealed.

 

504 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c 27. [1794.'

ftriftions, and provifions refpeftively, or the fines, penalties, or forfeitures, impofed for any breach thereof refpeftively, may be applied to any cafe relating to caft plate glafs, which fhall have been made at any time before the paffing of this aft, and for and in refpeft whereof all and fingular the faid rules, regulations, reftriftions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures refpec-tively, fhall, and the fame are hereby directed to be and remain in full force, as fully and efFeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if this aft had not been made; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Duty impofed V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That,

t)11 recitecf att ^rom an<^ a^ter Pa^ng of this aft, the duty of excife which 27 Geo. 3. c. was granted by the faid firft recited aft for or in refpeft of the

13.	revived, materials or metal, or other preparations, made ufe of in the and payable, making of caft plate glafs, fhall be, and the fame is hereby revi-bove the ad ve^> anc* ma<^e chargeable and payable over and above the feveral ditional duties additional duties by this aft impofed for and in refpeft of the maunder this aft. terials or metal, or other preparations, made ufe of in Great Britain, in the making of caft plate glafs, as fully and efFeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid laft recited aft had not been made; any thing in the faid laft recited aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Revived duty VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That &;c agreeable ^ut7 ^y this a6I revived fhall from time to time be raifed, re-to afts in ceived, levied, recovered, fecured and paid, by fuch ways and force, refpeft- means, and under fuch management, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch power of adjudging and mitigating 0 s a 8* penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch other powers, and fubjeft to fuch allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in fuch methods, manner, and form, (except where otherwife exprefsly direfted by this aft), as by any aft or afts of parliament now in force concerning the duties impofed for or in refpeft of the mate-, rials, metal, or other preparations, made ufe of in the making of glafs, or for or in refpeft of the paying or allowing a drawback upon glafs is direfted or prefcribed, and that fuch afts refpeftively, and all the claufes, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things therein, (except as aforefaid), for the raifing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, or paying the faid duties, for or in refpeft of the materials or metal, or other preparations, made ufe of in the making of glafs, or for or in refpeft of the paying or allowing any drawback upon glafs, are and fhall be continued, praftifed, and put in execution for and in refpeft of the duty by this aft revived, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this aft.

17 Geo. 3. c. VII. And whereas by an afl, ?nade in the feventeenth year of 39, recited. the reign of his faid prefent Majejly, for repealing feveral rates and duties upon glafs, impofed by an afly made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majejly, and for granting to his Ma-jejly other rates and duties upon glafs in lieu there ofy and for the better colic fling the duties upon glafs> it was enafled and provided,

Thatj

 

1794-3 Annoregni tricesimo quartoGF.oROii III. c. 27.	505

That, in pots	ufedfor the making of plate glafi,	an allowance

jhould be made to the makers of one fourth part of the metal or ,other- materials contained therein, and of four inches deep at the bottom : and vjhereas it is expedient to alter the )aid allowance with refpeft to fuch pots ufed for the making of all plate glafs; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in lieu and In lieu of inftead of the faid allowance in all pots containing more than one allowance by hundred weight ufed for the making of blown plate, or caft plate o^nfaterials glafs, the following allowances fhall be made to the makers of for making fuch glafs; that is to fay, One third part of the metal or other plate glafs, materials contained therein, and of four inches at the bottom of certain other every fuch pot ufpd for the making of blown plate glafs, and one be°madeefox° half of the metal or other materials contained therein, and of four p0ts contain-inches at the bottom of every fuch pot, ufed for the making of ing more than call plate glafs; and the refpeeftive commiffioners of excife in 1 cwt* England and Scotland refpeftively are hereby authorifed and required to make the refpeftive allowances by this a St directed; any thing in the faid laft recited aft contained to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding; which allowances are hereby declared to be in full compenfation for all wafte, damage, or lofs whatfoever, except the allowance by the faid aft of the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty made and provided, where pots ufed for the preparing and mixing of metal, and other materials for making of glafs, fhall crack or break.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Officers may it fhall and may be lawful to ajid for the officers of excife under njeafurecaft whofe furvey any maker or makers of caff: plate glafs fhall be Pjate & a s* from time to time, and' at all times, to infpeft, examine, and meafure, as to fuch officers fhall feem meet, all caff: plate glafs in the cuftody or pofTeffion of fuch maker or makers ; and that no Dire&ions maker or makers of caff plate glafs fhall at anytime fet the about the gauge at lefs than a quarter of an inch above the furface of the SaL1Se in^ table, for the purpofe of calling any plate glafs; nor fhall he, fhe, ma'inSlc* or they, have or keep in his, her, or their cuffody or pofTeffion any caff plate glafs, the medium thicknefs whereof, after the rough and irregular edges are cut off*, fhall be lefs than a quarter of an inch; but every fuch maker of caff plate glafs fhall, in the Caft plate prefence of the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch maker glafs of lefs fhall be, immediately, upon being requefted fo to do by fuch officer, break into fmall pieces, to the fatisfaftion of fuch officer, thicknefe to all caff place glafs which (hall be of lefs thicknefs than as afore- he broke, on faid, fo as to render fuch glafs unfit for any purpofe but that of penalty of 50k remelting; and if any fuch maker fhall negleft or refufe fo to break any fuch caff plate glafs, or fhall have or keep in his, her, or their cuffody or poffeffion any fuch caft plate glafs of lefs thicknefs than as aforefaid, fuch maker and makers fhall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the furn of fifty pounds.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Monies to be all the monies from time to time arifing by the feveral new and P;^nto ttle additional rates and duties by this aft impofed as aforefaid, (the carriec! to rieceffarv charges of railing and accounting for the fame refpecr- the confolida-Vol/XXXIX.	LI	tively	ted fund.

50 6

Duties (except thofe revived) for io years, to be paid into the exchequer apart, and kept feparate from other monies.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. [1794.

tively excepted), (hall, from and after the paffing of this aCt, from time td time, be paid into the receipt of his Majeity’s exchequer at Wejlminjler, and the faid money fo paid into the exchequer as aforefaid (hall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

X. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That the monies arifing or to arife of the Several rates or duties hereby granted, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient, (except the duties on materials or metal made ufe of for making call plate glafs hereby revived), fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpole of defraying the increafed charge occa-fioned by any loan made, or flock created or to be created, by virtue of any aCt or aCts paffed, or to be palled, in this feffion of parliament, and that the faid monies fhall, during the fpace often years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt, diftinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majeflv, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

XI. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and

_ ..........  things,	which, in and by an aCt, made in the twelfth year of the

relating to the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefly’s revenue of excife, are provided and eltablifhed, for managing, raifing, . levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in fuch cafes for which, other provifions are made and preferibed by this aCt), fhall be practifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excife duties by this aCt impofed, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in this prefent aCt.

XII. And whereas, in order to deter workmen^ fervants, and other perfonSy employed in glafs manufadtoriesy from putting metahy tnateri-aUy and prepare lions y into the pots ufed for the making of glafs after the gauge taken by the officer of the metaly or preparations therein, it is expedient to inipofe a penalty on every fuch workman y fervanty or other per fortyfo offending; be it therefore enaCted by the authority

Powers of Car. 2. c.24 aiid of all other laws

excife, to extend to this

aft.

Penalty for 'pulling into

aforefaid, Thar, from and after the paffing of this

aCt, if any workman

 

1794-1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27.	5°7

workman or fervant of, or any other person employed by, any V^ts any ma-maker or makers of glafs, (hall, after a notice in writing has been o^frefh no" given by fuch maker or makers of glafs to any officer or officers tjcej afterthe of the divifion or place where fuch glafs is intended to be made* gauge has of the filling or charging any pot with metal or preparation for been taken by the making of glafs, and after a gauge taken by the officer of the the officer, metal or preparation in fuch pot, put into fuch pot any metal* material, or preparation whatfoever, without a frefh notice in writing, every fuch workman, fervant, or other perfon, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of excife, or any three or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, and to or for any two or more juftices of the peace in other parts of Great Britain, refiding near to the place where any fuch offence (hall be committed, on confeffion of the party, or on proof by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, to convict every fuch workman, fervant, or other perfon, fo offending; and every fuch workman, fervant, or other perfon, fo convicted, (hall immediately, on fuch conviction, pay into the hands of the proper officer of excife the faid fum of forty (hillings for every fuch offence of which he (hall be fo convicted; and on any fuch workman, fervant, or other perfon, refufing or neglecting to pay the faid fum of forty (hillings for every fuch offence of which he fhall be fo convicted, fuch commiffioners or juftices of the peace, fo convicted as aforefaid, (hall, by warrant or warrants under their hands and feals respectively, commit every fuch workman, fervant, or other perfon, fo convicted, to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty refpectively, there to remain for the fpace of fourteen days from the day of fuch commitment; and no fuch workman, fervant, or other perfon, fo committed, (hall be dif-charged until payment be made of the faid fum of forty (hillings for every fuch offence of which he (hall be fo convicted, or until the expiration of the faid fourteen days.

XIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained Act hot to af-

(hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to repeal, alter,	which

or affect, any penalty or penalties to which any maker or makers persons would of glafs would, if this act had not been made, have been liable have been K-by virtue of or under any act or acts of parliament in force imme- able before diately before the paffing of this act, but that all and every maker PaA*nS

or makers of glafs (hall (fill remain and continue liable to all and lingular fuch penalty and penalties for any offence or offences committed contrary to fuch act or acts of parliament ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywife notwithstanding.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Commence-this act (hall commence and take effect as to all fuch matters and ment °*a<* * things therein contained, in refpect whereof no fpecial commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after

the paffing of this act*

LU	CAP,

50§ Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 28—31. [1794.

tfeamble.

Corps or companies of volunteers to be intitledto pay, and fubjed to military dif-cipline on certain occafions;

CAP. XXVIII.

An ad for railing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bibs, foF the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.—

[April 17, 1794.]

Commifiioners of the treafury may raife »,ooo,oool. by loans and exchequer bills, before January 5, 1795, in like manner as is prefcribed by the malt ad of this fefiion concerning loans, See. The ckufes, See. in the faid ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo ifliied not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1795. Adion not to lie for fuch refufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of the next fupplies ; and if fufheient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1795, to. be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo iliued to be- replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this ad j an ad 5 & 6 Gul. Sc Marise notwithftanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An ad for raifing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety four.

—	[April 17, 1794--]

Commiflioners of the treafury may raife 1,500,000b by loans and exchequer bills, before January 5, 1795, in manner as by the malt ad of this feflion is prefcribed. See. The claufes in the faid ad relating to loans ojr exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo ifliied not to be received again in payment of any taxes ; nor exchanged before April 6, 1795. Adion not to lie for fuch refufal. Money lb raifed to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if lufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1795, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo iifued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this ad ; an ad 5 & 6 Gul. Sc Marias notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An ad for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

—	[April 17, 1794.]

CAP. XXXI.

An at1 for encouraging and difeiplining fuch corps or companies of met?, as fnall voluntarily inroll themfelves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coafts, or for the general defence of the kingdomy during the prefent war.—[April 17, 1794.]

WHEREAS the ut m of exertions are now requifite for en~ creafrng the military force in this kingdom: be it therefore enadted by the King's moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, imthis prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That any corps or companies of volunteers who now are, or (hall hereafter be formed, in any counties or towns in Great Britain, during the continuance of the prefent war, under officers having commiflion from his Majefty, or from the lieutenants of counties, or others who may be fpecially authorifed by

his

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31.	509

his Majefty for that purpofe, and who (hall at any time, on being

called upon, by fpecial diredffon of his Majefty, in cafe of adiual

Invafion, or appearance of invafion, voluntarily march out of their

refpedfive counties or towns, or fhall voluntarily aflemble within

the fame to repel fuch invafion, or who fhall voluntarily march

on being called upon, in purfuance of an order from his Majefty,

or from the lord lieutenant or fherifr of the county, to a£t within

the countyor the adjacent counties, for the fuppreffion of riots

or tumults, fhall in fuch cafes be entitled to receive pay in fuch

manner, and at fuch rates, as the officers and foldiers of his Ma-

jelly’s regular forces do now receive; and fhall, during the time

of their being continued in fuch fervice, and fo receiving pay as

above, be fubjedf to military difcipline as the reft of his Majefty’s

regular and militia troops ; provided always, That no officer or but not to be

foldier of any volunteer corps fhall be liable to be tried or punifhed yotunteer^i

by any court martial at any time, unlefs fuch court martial be cers#

compofed entirely of officers ferving in volunteer corps, formed

as aforefaid, fuch court martial to be aflembled by warrant under

his Majefty’s fign manual, or by warrant from fome general or

other officer duly authorifed to hold courts martial.

II.	And be it further enadted, That it fhall be lawful for all Volunteer mayors, bailiffs, conftables, tithingmen, headboroughs, and other

chief magiftrates and officers of cities, towns, pariihes, tithings, and drummers and places, and (in their default or abfence) for any one juftice to be billettecL of the peace inhabiting within or near any fuch city, town, parifh, tithing, or place, (but for no others); and they or he are or is hereby required to quarter and billet the ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, of fuch corps or companies as aforefaid, and their horfes, in inns, livery ftables, alehoufes, victualling houfes, and all houfes of persons felling brandy, ftrong waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin, by retail, upon application made to any fuch mayors, bailiffs, conftables, tithingmen, headboroughs, or other chief magiftrates or officers, by his Majefty’s lieutenant, or by the officer commanding the faid corps or companies.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty for if the officer commanding any fuch corps or company as afore- not delivering faid fhall difcharge from fuch corps or company any person who whendif fhall have been inlifted or inrolled as aforefaid ; and if fuch per- charged.

fon (ball refufe or negleCt, on being required by fuch commanding officer, to deliver up any arms, accoutrements, or cloathing, which fhall have been entrufted to his cuflody, every person fo refuting or neglecting fhall, on being convi&ed thereof before any juftice of the peace of the county within which fuch corps or company fhall have been formed, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus (if any) on-demand, after dedu&ing the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, to the perfon-whole goods and chattels fhall have been fo diftrained and fold; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, fuch juftice is hereby required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place,

L 1 3	where

5io Anno regrri tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 32. [1794.

where the offence fhall have been committed, for any time not exceeding one month; and the monies arifing by fuch penalty fhall be paid to the treafurer of the county, riding, or place, where fuch offence fhall have been committed, to be applied as part of the flock of fuch countyv riding, or place.

Commiflioned IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That aHed^n^fer- comm^oned officers of the faid corps, who (hall be difabled vice, entitled *n actual fervice, fhall be entitled to half pay; and all non-com-to half pay, &c. miffioned officers and foldiers fo difabled, to the benefit of Cbelfea hofpital; and the widows of commiflioned officers killed in the fervice, to a penfion for life.

Volunteers V. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That £rve^fn ffie° n° Per^on w^°	or	inrolled	in	any	corps or com-

militia*	pany	of	volunteers	as	aforefaid fhall, during the time that he is

ferving in the faid corps or company, be liable to ferve perfonally, or provide a fubftitute to ferve in the militia, provided he fhall produce to the deputy lieutenants, aflembled at the fubdivifion meetings, holden in the feveral counties, for the purpofe of hearing appeals againft the militia lift returned from each parifh, an affidavit of his having been inrolled as aforefaid, and a certificate figned by the commanding officer of the faid corps or company, that he has for the fpace of fix weeks, immediately preceding fuch fubdivifion meeting, punctually attended at all fuch times and places, as may have been agreed upon for the exercife of fuch

corps or company.

Continuance VI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That this a<5t fhall of this adt.	have continuance during the prefent war, and no longer.

Preamble. 31 Geo. 3. c. 25.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for enabling the com?niffwners of the Jlamp duties to fa?np bills of exchange and notes in certain cafes.—[April 17, 1794.]

WHEREAS by an oft, made and pafjed in the thirty-firJl year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a<5t for repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promiffory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; certain Jlamp duties were impofed on bills of exchange, promiffory notes, and other notes refpec-tively ; and it zuas thereby enafted, "That all vellum, parchment, and papery before any bill of exchangey promiffory notey or other ndtey liable to any famp duty by the faid aft impofedy Jhould be ingrojfedy printedy or written thereof fioould be brought to the head office for Jlamping fuch velluniy parchmeniy and papery and that it Jhould not be lawful for the commiffiioners for managing the duties on fiamped vellum, parchment, and papery or their officersy to /lamp any vellum, parch-menty or papery at any time after any bill of exchangey promiffory notey or other notey dr aft, or order, Jhould be written thereony under any pretence whatfoever : and whereas cafes may have arifen wherey through fraud or impofitiony innocent persons may have taken fuch fe-curities without JlampSy or ivithout /lamps of the proper denomination or value, and the bona fide holders of fuch fecurities may be prevented

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. 0.32*	s11

from re cover ing their jufl demands by reafon that the fame, not being Jiamped in purfuance of the faid recited a £1, cannot be given in evi-dence in any of his Majejly s courts ; and it is therefore expedient to give relief in the cafes and wider the circumjlances herein-after men-tioned: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it {hall and may be lawful for Holders of any person or perfons, who, on the firft day of January one thou- c^a® ° e^.c# fand feven hundred and ninety-four, was or were the holder or on jan* I? holders of any bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, 1794, liable to draft, or order, liable to any {lamp duty by virtue of the faid re- ftamp duty by-cited aft, which {hall not have been {lamped, or which fball have ^d^not ftampt been ilamped with a {lamp of a lower denomination or value than or improperly, is required by the faid aft, to produce the fame, or caufe the may before fame to be produced, at any time before the firft day of January Jan. i> 1795* one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-hye, to the commiffioners frai^^eiiUn° appointed to manage the faid duties at the head office of {lamps tention have * in Middlefex, or to fuch officer or officers as the faid commif- them ftampt, fioners, or the major part of them, (hall, by writing under their hands, appoint for fuch purpofe; and the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, are hereby refpeftively impowered and required to examine, upon oath or folemn affirmation, all and every person and persons producing fuch bill of exchange, pro-miffory note, or other note, draft, or order, and alfo fuch other person and persons as fhall be tendered to them refpeftively, to give evidence touching the fame, and all persons whom fuch commiffioners, or the major part of them, fhall think neceflary to be examined touching fuch bill of exchange, promiffory or other note, draft, or order, fo produced ; and upon due proof made to the fatisfaclion of fuch commiffioners, or the major part of them, that the person or persons by whom or on whole behalf fuch bill of exchange, promiffory, or other note, draft, or order, as afore faid, fhall be produced, was or were poffeffed of the fame on the faid firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and that the fame came into his, her, or their hands, upon a precedent valuable confideration, without fraud or collu-fion, and as the true and lawful proprietor thereof, and alfo upon	i

proof made to the fatisfaftion of fuch commiffioners, or fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, that fuch bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, was taken by fuch holder or holders thereof as aforefaid, without fuch {lamp, as is required by the faid aft, through fraud or impofitionj without any fraudulent intention in fuch holder or holders thereof to evade the payment of the faid duties by the faid aft impofed; and if all and every fuch person and persons as aforefaid, who {hall be thereunto required, fnall fully anfwer all lawful queftions relating to fuch bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, put to him, her, or them, by the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them., to the fatisfaftion of fuch commiffioners,

t> 1 4	then.

512 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 32. [1794.

then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid com-

Commifiion- miflioners, or the major part ot them, to diredd the proper officer

ers oj (tamps or 0fficers and fuch officer or officers is and are hereby required, mav order	7	r ? i	r	\	M 9

fuch bills, &c. llPon Payment of the duty payable on fuch vellum, parchment, or

to be ftaropt paper, by the faid recited add, and the fum of ten pounds over on payment of and above the faid duty, to mark or (damp fuch bill of exchange, the duty, and promiflory note, or other note, draft, or order, with the proper mark or flamp, and to give a receipt for the duty and fum of ten pounds fo paid on the back of fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note, draft, or order; and every fuch bill of exT change, promifTory note, or other note, draft, or order, fo (lamped, ihall have and be deemed of the like force and validity in the law, as if the fame had been duly (lamped according to the directions of the faid recited add; and every person or persons procuring fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note, draft, or order, to be (lamped as diredded by this add, (hall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from and againfd all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reafon of fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note, draft, or order, not having been duly (damped according to the directions of the faid add. Commiffion- II. And be it further enadled, That if any person or persons offire^head" w^10m fiud commiffioners (hall judge neceflary to be examin-diftributors of ecfi touching any fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other (tamps to exa- note, draft, or order, as aforefaid, (hall refide out of the limits of mine witnefles the head office or (damps in Middlefex, and the faid commiffioners thelirmtTof0^	fit	to difpenfe with the examination of fuch person or

the head office Pei*fons before the faid commiffioners, it (hall and may be lawful of (tamps, &c. for the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, by writing under their hands, to which a copy of fuch bill of exchange, pro-miflory note, or other note, draft, or order, (hall be annexed, to require by name any of their head diftributors of (tamps to examine fuch person or persons touching fuch bill of exchange, pro-miflory note, or other note, draft, or order, on oath or affirmation, (which oath or affirmation every fuch diflributor is hereby impowered to adminifler), and fuch diflributor (hall caufe fuch examination to be reduced into writing, at the cofls of the person or persons requiring fuch bill of exchange, promiflory note, or other note, draft, or order, to be (damped, and (hall alfo caufe fuch examinations refpedlively to be figned by the persons fo examined refpectively, and (hall tranfmit the fame to the faid commiffioners at the colds of fuch person or persons as aforefaid; all which cofls the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, or their officer or officers fpecially to be appointed by them for fuch purpofe, (hall afeertain and fettle at fuch reafonable fum as (hall be reqiiilite for the expence and trouble to which fuch diflributor may be put in taking and returning fuch examination.

Perfons giving : JII. And be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid, That tobcfuVedUo ^ an7Per^on or perfons, upon examination upon oath or affirma-the penalties tion before the faid commiffioners, or any other person or persons ior perjury.	authorifed by this add to adminifler fuch oath or affirmation,

touching any of the matters aforefaid, (hall wilfully and corruptly

give

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 33.	513

give falfe evidence, or fhall wilfully and corruptly fwear, affirm, or alledge, any matter or thing which fhall be falfe or untrue, every fuch person or persons fo offending, and being thereof duly conviiled, fhall be, and is and are hereby declared to be fubjeA and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjeil and liable to*

CAP* XXXIII.

An a 51 for making perpetual certain duties of excife on dif'tileries, and on licences granted to diftillers, in Scotland y and for appropriating the faid duties.—[April 17, 1794*]

WrH E RE AS by an -a5i, made and pajfecl in the thirty-third Preamble.

year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled., An ail 33 Geo. 3. c. for the regulation of diftillcries in Scotland., and the exportation recited, of Britijh-made fpirits from England to Scotland\ and from Scotland to England., for a limited time, certain excife duties were irn-pofed upon the contents of fills ufed.or employed in making or difilling of low wines or fpirits, and for the rectifying) compoundings or mix-ings fpirits or jlrong waters in certain parts of Scotland ; and alfo on licences to be taken out by fuch difiller r, rectifiers, and compounders, of fpirits for exportation from Scotland to England ; and alfo upon licences to be taken out by difillers of fpirits within the highlands of Scotland ; which duties were dire died to be carried to the confolidated fundy and t° continue in force until and upon the firf day o/'December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament: may it pleafe your Ma-jefty that it may be enailed; and be it enaited by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid duties and duties of excife, impofed by the faid recited ait, fhall be and are hereby thereby im-' continued and made perpetual, and that the fame fhall feverally Pofed mj*de and refpeilively be paid and payable by fuch perfons, at fuch ^ P 'times and in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the faid duties were payable under or by virtue of the faid ail, or any other ail or ails of parliament in force at and immediately before the palling of this ail, and {hall continue to be paid into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer at Weflminfers (the charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), and to be carried to, and made part of, the confolidated fund.

II.	And whereas by the faid recited a5i the fever al rates and dutiesy impofed by any a5i or adfs of parliament then in force upon low wines or fpirits for home confumptions or upon woriSs wajhs and other liquor ufed in Scotland in the dif illation of fpiritSs and upon licences required to be taken out by any dtfillers or makers of fpirits in Scotland, ivere difeontinued from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three \ be it further enailed by £he authority aforefaid, That, at the end of every quarter of a terjy outof 1 ''	year	duties,

 

5*4 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34. [1794.

year after the paffing of this aft, (that is to fay), On the fifth day of April> the fifth day of July, the tenth day of October^ and the fifth day of January, in every year, there fhall be fet apart at the faid receipt, out of the monies arifing from the rates and duties which are continued and made perpetual by this aft, the fum of nine thoufand pounds, being one-fourth part of-the average yearly produce for three years next before, and ending on the fifth day of 'January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, of the rates and duties upon low wines or fpirits, and upon licences for diftilling fpirits, in Scotland, which were difcontinued by the faid and the re- recited aft; and that, after fetting apart fuch quarterly fums as dreme^an ^ a^ore^a^> the remainder of the monies arifing from the faid rates addition to the anc^ duties, continued and made perpetual by this aft, fhall be revenue for deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpofe of de-defraying any fraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or of^i^rdfion11 createc* or to be created, by virtue of any aft or afts palled, or to be paffed, in this feffion of parliament; and that, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, a book or books, in which all the faid furplus monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors3 upon any account whatever.

CAP. XXXIV.

An a51 for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in ad-vifing or carrying into execution, an order of the lords commtjfioners of his Majeffs treafuryy refptiding the exportation of pot ajhes or pearl ajhes \ for preventing fuits in confequence of the fame ; for authorifmg his Majejly to prohibit the exportation, or carrying coafwife, of pot afhes or pearl ajhes; and for making further pro-vifons relative thereto.—[April 17, 1794*]

Preamble, re- IT 7HEREAS it appears that a very unufual quantity of pot citing that pot VV and pearl ajh has of late been exported or entered for exporta-intended for il0n io France> tn neutral vejfels, which there is reafon to fuppofe was exportation to intended for the purpofe of incrcafing the production of fait petre in France have that country, to be afterwards manufactured into gunpowder: and been ft opt. whereas the exportation, or carrying out of the ports of this kingdom, of certain cargoes of pot and pearl ajh has been flopped by order or orders from the lords commiffioners of his Majeffs treafury, and by the officers of his Majeffs cujloms: and whereas the faid orders and proceedings may not be friCtly jufifed by law, but were fo much for the fervice of the publick, and fo neceffary for preventing his Majeftfs eyiemies from being fupplied with articles that contribute to the manufacturing of naval and military fores, that they ought to be juflified by aCl of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that his Majefy fnould be invefed with the power to prohibit the exportation of poi

and

*

 

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRgii III. c. 34-	5*5

and pearl ajhy and of gther articles which, though not Jiricily naval or military Jlores, mayy by fome procefsy be converted into or made ufeful in increafmg the quantity of naval and military Jlores : be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all perfonal aClions and fuits, indiCl- Actions for ments, informations, and all profecutions and proceedings what-foever, which have been, or fhall be profecuted or commenced void, againft any person or perfons, for or by reafon of any a£1, matter, or thing, advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the faid orders or proceedings, or of any contradl or agreement not performed by reafon or by means of, or in obedience to, fuch orders or proceedings, be, are, and fhall be, difcharged and made void by virtue of this acl; and that if any a&ion or fait fhall be profecuted or commenced againft any person or perfons, for or by reafon of any fuch a61, matter, or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or fuch contrail or agreement not performed, he, {he, or they, may plead the general iffiie, and give this ail and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in In fuch ac-any adtion or fuit fo to be profecuted or commenced after the tions, profe-eleventh day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-	*^ter

four, in that part of Great Britain called England, fhall become defendant to** nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, have double or if a verdiCl pafs againft luch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defend-cofts. ant or defendants fhall recover his, her, or their double cofts, for which he, (he, or they, fhall have the like remedy as in cafes where cofts by law are given to the defendant; and if any fuch aCtion or fuit fhall be commenced or profecuted after the faid eleventh day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, in that part of Great Britain called Scotla?idy the court before which fuch aClion or fuit fhall be commenced or profecuted fhall allow to the defender the benefit of the difeharge and indemnity hereby provided; and fhall further allow to him his double cofts of fuit, in all fuch cafes as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That I11 aClions al-if any adion or fuit hath been already commenced againft any ready com-perfon or perfons, for any fuch a£l, matter, or thing, To advifed, J^n^aiits ma'^ commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or on a^]yto the^ account of any fuch contract or agreement not performed, it fhall court to ftay and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in luch actions proceedings, or fuits refpe&ively, in whatever courts in Great Britain fuch ^c* actions or fuits fhall have been commenced, to apply to fuch court or courts rcfpedively, to ftay all proceedings therein refpeclively, by motion in a fummary way, and fuch court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpofe accordingly; and the court or courts making fuch order fhall award and allow to the defendants or defenders refpe&ively double cofts of fuit, for which they fhall refpeclively have the like remedy as in cafes where the cofts are by law given to defendants or defenders.

a	III.	And

 

Hts Majefty may prohibit the exporting or carrying coaftwife pot or pearl afh, &c.

der to forfeit treble the value, &c.

516 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgxi III. c. 35. [1794;

III.	And be it further enabled. That his Majefty may, by proclamation or order in council, when he , {hall fee caufe, and for fuch time as fhall be therein exprefted, prohibit the exporting, or carrying coaftwife, or the attempting to export, or carry coaftwife, any pot or pearl afh, or other articles which (hall be judged by his MajePcy to be capable of being converted into naval or military ftores, or made ufeful in increafing the quantity of naval or military ftores.

and if export- IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, tor^to fuch fr°ra anc^ a^ter Puffing of this adf, all pot and pearl afh, and prohibition0it articles which fhall be prohibited to be exported by procJama-may be feized, tion or order in council as aforefaid, and which fhall be exported, and the often- tranfported, carried, or conveyed, or laden or laid on board of any fhip, veffel, or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported* carried, or conveyed, out of this kingdom, or coaftwife, contrary to any fuch proclamation of his Majefty, or order of his Majefty in council, fhall be forfeited, and fhall or may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and all and every person or per-fons offending therein, fhall forfeit treble the value of fuch articles as aforefaid refpe&ively, as fhall be fo exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of this kingdom, or coaftwife, or laden or laid on board of any fhip, veffel, or boat, for either of thofe pur-pofes; and fuch fhip, veffel, or boat, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, fhall be forfeited* and the fame fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of Hts Majefty	the cuftoms ; provided always, That his Majefty may, by fpecial

may make	licence under his fign manual, or in any fuch order in council or

as	10n	proclamation,	make	fuch	exception	with	refpedt to the exporta-

think proper, tion, or carrying coaftwife, of any pot or pearl aih, or other articles as aforefaid, and fuch regulations concerning the manner of exporting, or carrying the fame coaftwife, as to him, with the advice of his privy council, fhall appear to be proper, fpeci-fying the faid articles, and alfo the place or places to and from which the fame fhall or may be fo exported or carried coaftwife. Acft may be V. And be it further enadfed, That any part of this a£k may pealed this^" alterec^ varied, or repealed, by any a61 or a£ts to be made ia iellion.	this prefent feflion of parliament.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons afting as fuck, in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.—[April 17, 1794.]

Preamble.	’TXT HERE AS by an aft, paffed in the twelfth year	of the reign

13 Car.3. c.18. VV f his late majejly King Charles the Second, intituled, An adt for the encouraging and increafing offhipping and navigation, and by other afts of parliament noiv in force, no goods or commodities whatfoever can be imported into, or exported out of, any lands, iflands, plantations, or territories to his Majejly belonging, or in his poffejf ony or which may hereafter belong unfo, or be in the pojfejfon of bis Ma~

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 35.	517

jefy, his heirs and fucceffors, in Afia, Africa, or America, in any other jhip or Jhips, vejfel or vejfels whatfoever, but in fuch jhips or veffels as do truly, and without fraud, belong only to the people of Great Britain, or of any of the territories thereof in the manner and under the penalties, and fubjeld to the exceptions and regulations, in the faid aEls refpeldively contained: but whereas, notwithjlanding the faid aids, certain of his Majefys governors or lieutenant governors of the if unds in the Weft Indies, or persons aiding as fuch, have found iherr^ jives under the necejfity of openings with the advice of their re-fpedive councils, the ports of the faid ifands, for a limited time, for the importation of certain articles of provifions and lumber for the fup-ply of the faid ifands, in foreign bottoms, and in like manner for the exportation of certain articles, the produce of the faid ifands, in return for the fame : and whereas the if and ^Tobago and certain parts of the if and of Saint Domingo have been fur rendered to his Majefty, and are now in his Majeffs pojfefion, at the time of which furrender it was fipulated and agreed, that the importation of provifions, cattle, grain, and wood of various kinds from the united fates of America, . and from other parts 0/" America and the Weft Indies, and the exportation of certain articles therein enumerated, being the produce of the faid ifands, fnould be allowed for a limited time, in the foreign bottoms and vejfels therein deferibed: and whereas fuch importation and exportation as aforefaid are contrary to the faid ads of parliament, but being permitted, either from the necefity of the occafon, or by virtue of the articles of capitulation, in confequence of which the faid if and of Tobago, and certain parts of the faid if and of Saint Domingo, zvere fo furrender ed to his Majefy, and put into his Ma-jeflys pojfejfon, the fame ought to be jufifed by an aid of parliament; and all persons filing, advifing, or aiding under, or in obedience to, any order or permijfon of any of the faid governors or lieutenant governors of the failI ifands, or persons aiding as fuch, and all persons concerned in any importation or exportation as aforefaid, Jhould be re-fpetdively jufified, be it therefore enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembied, and by the authority of the fame. That all perfonal Suits for hav-anions and Ants, indictments, informations, and all profeeutions and proceedings whatfoever, which have been or (hall be here- portation or after profecuted or commenced againft any person or persons for importation having iftued or advifed any fuch order or permiflion, at any time °f provifion, after the fecond day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ^nds°in the° ninety-three, and before the pafling of this aft, or for any aft Weft Indies, done by reafon of any fuch order or permiflion, or relating to any in foreign bot-fuch exportation or importation in confequence of fuch order or	^nce

permiflion, be, are, and fhall be, difeharged and made void by virtue of this aft; and that if any action or fuit fhall be profe-	*

cuted or commenced againft any person or perfons, for or by reafon of any fuch aft, matter, or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, he, fhe, or they, may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action

or

 

5x8 Anno regn'i tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3	37.	[1794.

or fuit fo to be profecuted or commenced in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the faid Weft India ifiands* (hall become nonfuit* or forbear further profecution* or fuffer difcon-tinuance* or if a verdbft pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs* the defendant or defendants (hall recover his* her* or their double cofts* for which he, (he* or they* {hall have the like remedy as in cafes where the cofts by law are given to defendants; and if any fuch aftion or fuit as aforefaid fhall be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotlajid* the court before which fuch a£tion or fuit fhall be commenced or profecuted fhall allow to the defender the benefit of the difcharge and indemnity hereby provided* and fhall further allow him his double cofts of fuit in all fuch cafes as aforefaid.

Defendants II. And be it alfo enadled by the authority aforefaid* That if may apply to any a<ftion or fujt hath been already commenced againft any per-fuch^aions76 ^on or Perf°ns> f°r any fuch matter, or thing* fo advifed. Hayed, &c. commanded, appointed* or done, or forborne to be done* it fhall and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in fuch adtion or fuit refpedtively* in whatever court in Great Britain, and in the faid Weft India ifiands, fuch adlion or fuit fhall have been commenced* to apply to fuch court or courts refpedtively* to ftay all proceedings therein refpedlively, by motion in a fummary way* and fuch court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpofe accordingly; and the court or courts making fuch order fhall allow and award to the defendants or defenders re-fpedhvely double cofts of fuit, for which they fhall refpedtively have the like remedy as in cafes whete the cofts are by law given to defendants or defenders.

CAP. XXXVI.

An a«5l to continue feveral laws relating to the exportation of culm to Lifbon, and to the afcertaining the ftrength of fpiiits by Clarke’s hydrometer.— [April 17, 1794-]

Act 31 Geo. c. 15. for encouraging the exportation of culm to Lifbon* and 13 Geo. 3. c. 70. for continuing the faid aft, further continued to March 25, 1795. So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as direfts that fpirits fhall be deemed of the ftrength denoted by Clarke’s hydrometer continued to June 1, 1797.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft for altering an aft, pafied in the feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for making the rivers Merfey and Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Manchefter, in the county palatine of Lancafter, by incorporating the proprietors of the faid navigation ; and to declare their refpeftive fhares therein to be perfonal eftate.—[March 28, 1794.]

Aft 7 Geo. 1. e. 15, recited. Proprietors incorporated by the name of “The Company of Proprietors of the Merfey and Irwell Navigation.” Pro. perty of navigation. See. vefted in the company of proprietors, and fhares deemed perfonal eftate. The proprietors inverted with the powers of the former aft, Publick aft.

CAP.

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38.	519.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An a& for making and maintaining a navigable canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the parifh of Budbrooke, in the county of Warwick, into the .Oxford canal, in the parifh of Braunfton, in the county of Northampton.—

[March 28, 1794*]

Proprietors incorporated by the name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunfton Canal Navigation.'” To make a navigable canal from any part of the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the parifh of Budbrooke, within the diftanceof one thoufand five hundred yards of a certain bridge, at a place called the Saltisford, in the parifh of Saint Mary in Warwick, and from thence through a part of the parifh of Budbrooke, and through the parifhes, hamlets, See. of Saint Mary and Saint Nicholas in Warwick, Lemington Priors, Radford Semele, Offchurch, Long Itch-ington, Bafcote, Burdingbury, Lemington Haftings, Hill, Broadwell, otherwife Bradwell, Granborough, Wofcote, otherwife Woolfcote, and Willoughby in the county of Warwick, and Braunfton in the county of Northampton. Map and book of reference authenticated by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons to be allowed in evidence. Wafte water of the Warwick and Birmingham canal to run into the intended canal. For preventing lofs of water by the junction with the Warwick and Birmingham canal. Line of canal through the lands of Henry Chriftopher Wife, efq; deferibed. Water not to be taken from the priory mill, Sec, nor the rivers Avon or Leam. No relervoir to be made on the grounds of Mr.

Knightley or Mrs. Leigh. Line of canal through lands of Griffin's charity,

Matthew Wife and Francis Wheeler, efquires deferibed. Sixpence per ton to be paid by the company for lime ftone got in the lands of fir William Wheeler and Francis Wheeler, efq. Water not to be taken from the ftream which fupplies the farm houfe of John Clarke, efq. Not to deviate from the line laid down in the plan without confent. Land owners omit-ted in the book of reference not to obftrudt making the canal. Breadth of canal not to exceed thirty yards. After the canal Sec. fet out, the land fo let out may be fold and conveyed to the company. Satisfaction for lands to be made in grofs fums or by annual rent. If parties cannot agree, fatif-fadtion to be fettled by commiffioners or a jury. Yearly rents charged on the rates. Commiffioners (hall fix the price of lands. If parties are diffa . tisfted with the determination of the commiflioners, the value to be afeer-tained by a jury, whofe verdidt is to be final. If parties are unable or unwilling to treat, a jury to afeertain the value. Twenty pounds penalty on fheriffs, and five pounds on jurymen making default. Expences of commiflioners and jury. Perfons requeuing juries to enter into a bond to profecute. Notice of injury to company of proprietors before complaint to commiffioners. Upon payment, or tender of purchale money, company to enter to make canal. Verdidts, Sec. to be recorded, and lands become vefted in the company. Company to be taxed for lands, Sec. in proportion as adjoining lands. Purchafe money to be laid out to the fame ufes. Commiffioners to fettle proportions of money to be paid to persons inter -efted. Compenfation to be made for tythes. If cofts and damages not paid in four months, the fame may be levied by diftrefs. Commiffioners to appoint a clerk. To prevent deftroying works. Proprietors may raife one hundred thoufand pounds, to be divided into a thoufand fhares of one hundred pounds each. No person to have more than fifteen fhares. Additional fum of thirty thoufand pounds may be raifed, if neceffary. Five pounds per cent, intereft to be paid to the fubferibers out of the money railing whilft the works are carrying on. Subfcribers to have a vote for each lhare. General affembly for choofing a committee. Committee to be under controul of general affembly. General afiemblies to confift of two hundred and fifty fhares. Powers of general affembly and committee. Subfcribers forfeiting fhall have petfonal notice, and the forfeiture mull be declared at a general affembly. General affemblies may remove committee men, make bye laws, Sec, On death of fubferibers before fhares com-_ _	pleted

 

Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeorgIi III. c. [1794.

pleted, executors allowed to contribute. How ffiares may be difpofcd of; Officers to be appointed. Books to be kept by the committee. Rates of tonnage. For all coals, iron, timber, and other things carried any diftance on the canal, not exceeding eight miles, and paffing a lock or locks, two-; pence per ton a mile. For coals, &c. carried for more than feven, and not more than fifteen miles, two-pence per ton for the firft feven miles, and one penny per ton for every mile beyond the feven arid not exceeding thirteen miles. For coals, &c. not paffing a lock, one penny halfpenny per ton per mile. For coals, &c. carried the whole or any part of the canal more than thirteen miles, one penny halfpenny per ton per mile. Lime and limeftone to pay only half the above rates. Free ftone to pay one penny halfpenny per ton per mile, and empty boats going for free ftone not liable to rates. Wharfage in certain cafes. Company may alter rates* Matters of boats. &c. to give an account in writing to the collectors of goods on board. Weight of the lading of veffiels to be marked, boats to be gauged. One hundred and twenty pounds to be deemed an hundred weight. Collectors may weigh goods. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Owners and occupiers of lands may ufe boats, not more than five feet broad, not paffing a lock or carrying for hire, without payment ot rates. Roads to be made by the fide of the canal where it paffies through common field land. Drains to be made for lands adjoining. Towing paths to be ffiparated from the adjoining lands. Gates, bridges, &c. to be made, and in cafe of failure commiffioners to do it. The company neglecting to repair works, land owners may do it. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. Coals, &c. found in digging the canal may be taken by the owners of land. Method of getting mines under the canal. Method of difeovering when mines are working under the canal. Mines to be got by the owners, unlefs the company make fatisfa&ion. Owners of mines may make cuts into the canal, and collateral cuts through their own lands. Owners of lands may ereCt bridges. Company retrained from making or taking down buildings, &c. Land owners, &c. may ereCt warehoufes on their own land, but if not within twelve months alter notice the company may build. Rates of wharfage and cranes may be ereCted. Boat-matters or owners anfwerable for d; -mage done by their crew. Proper places to be made for boats to turn in. Veffiels lying lb as to obftvuCt the navigation to be removed. Five pounds penalty for overloading and obftru&ing the paffage of the canal, or throwing ballad into it. Penalty for injuring locks, gates, &c. not lefs than twenty {hillings, nor more than five pounds.' Regulation for veffiels paffing locks. Canal not to be under the power of commiffioners of few-ers. Preferving rights of lords of manors and copyhold rights. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to filheries. Perfons on board boats having nets, &c. not qualified, to forfeit five pounds. Commiffioners to give fourteen days notice of meeting, and hold them when requefted by I he company. Power to hold fpecial meetings for ascertaining damages. Meetings of commiffioners to be held within live miles of the canal. For-recovering lands in cafe the canal fliall not be completed or difufed. Compelling fubfevibers to pay. Recovery and application of penalties. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Damages not provided for to be fettled by commiffioners. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in dif-trefs to recover only the fpecial damage. Appeal to quarter feffions. The Oxford canal company to take the following rates of tonnage : For coa!3 navigated out of the intended canal into the Oxford canal, two fhillings and nine-pence per ton. For all other goods, &c. (except lime and limeftone and manure) navigated out of the intended canal into the Oxford canal, or out of the Oxford canal into the intended canal (except fuch as ffiall be bona fide navigated from the Coventry canal, or from any intermediate place between the Coventry canal and the intended canal into the faid intended canal) four fhillings and four-pence per ton. For lime and limeftone which ill all pafs out of the intended canal into the Oxford canal, fixpence per ton ; but not to take any more tonnage for coals or goods going out of the intended canal into the grand fundtioncanal, or vice verfa. To prevent the evafion of tonnage. Tonnage to be paid within fix miles ofthe junction with the Oxford canal, and aftop gate to be eredted there. Boat matters, &c. to give an account of goods on board; from whence brought, and where bound to.

Goods?

 

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39.

Goods, &c. navigated on the intended canal only, not to pay any tonnage to the Oxford company. Willoughby wharf guaranteed. If a reduction of the tonnage on the Oxford canal north of Braunfton fhall be made, then the tonnage hereby granted to the Oxford company fhall be reduced in proportion. Top water to be kept fix inches higher than the Oxford canal at the junction, according to the prefent firft lock wier on the canal north of Braufl^on, and a flop lock to be eredted. Tonnages granted to the Oxford canal company to go in aid of the guaranteefhip. Oxford canal company impowered to reduce the tonnage, and raife it again. Bridges to be built over the Oxford canal for horfes and haling boats to pafs over. Limitation.of addons. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick ad.

CAP. XXXIX.

An ad for making a navigable canal from or near Porthywain lime rocks, in the parifh of Llanyblodwell, in the county of Salop, to or near Newtown, in the county of Montgomery; and alfo certain collateral cuts from the faid canal.--[March 28, 1794-]

Proprietors incorporated by the name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Montgomerylhire Canal.” Canal to be called “ The Montgome-ryfhire Canal,” and made navigable from Porthywain lime rocks, in the pariffi of Llanyblodwell, to the town of Pool, and from thence by Berriew and Garth mill, to or near the river Severn, oppofite to the eaft fide of the town of Newtown, and alfo collateral cuts. Power to make rollers, inclined planes, &c. Houfes, gardens, See. not to be injured. Not to take any water from Lledan Brook, Countrey Houfe Brook, or Livior Brook, except the water of Lledan for twenty-four hours every week, and the water of the faid brooks during four years for puddling. Certain mills to be purchafed by the company, if injured. Plan depofited with the clerks of the peace for the counties of Salop, Denbigh, and Montgomery, to remain there. Breadth of the canal and towing paths to be twenty-four yards. No building to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politick, &c. impowered to convey lands, &c. Com-penfation for lands may be made in grofs fums or by rents. If parties cannot agree, the price to be fettled by the commifiioner or a jury. Com-mifiioners to appoint a clerk. Commifiioners may hold fpecial meetings, and meetings to determine difputes, to be held within fix miles of the place where the matter arifes. Commifiioners to examine witnefies, and fettle difputes. If parties are difiatisfied with determination of commif-fioners, value to be afeertained by a jury. Twenty pounds penalty on iherifis, and five pounds on jurymen, making default. Expences of commifiioners, witnefies and jury, by whom to be paid. Perlons requefting juries, to enter into bond to profecute. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors before complaints to the commifiioners. Compenfation for tythes. Verdirt of value of lands and damages to be afeertained fepa-rately. Power to enter and take pofifeflion of lands, on payment or tender of purchafe-money. Verdicts to be recorded. Purchafe-money belonging to corporations, &c. to be paid to the fame ufes. Commifiioners to fettle proportion of the money to be paid to the feveral persons interefted. Proprietors to raife feventy-two thoufand pounds, to be divided into fhares of one hundred pounds each. Proprietors to receive five pounds per cent, until the canal is finifhed.‘ Proprietors to have a vote for every one hundred pounds. Proprietors may raife an additional fum of twenty thoufand pounds by mortgage. Firft general afiembly. to be held at the town of Pool, on the feventh day of July, 1794. And a general afiembly to be held on the firft Monday in July yearly, to chufe a committee, &c. Twenty-one days notice of meeting of l'pecial afiemblies of proprietors. General afiembly to appoint officers. Powers of the committee, and regulations refpeefting the fame. Committee to make calls. No advantage to be taken of forfeiture without perfonal notice. On the death of fub-feribers before fhare completed, executors may do it. Shares may be fold. Names of proprietors to be entered in a book by the clerk, and tickets of their ihuarcs delivered to them. Rates, For lime ftone, one Vol, XXXIX	M	m	penny

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. [1794.

penny halfpenny per ton per mile. For coal, culm and lime, two-pence farthing per ton per mile. For all other (lone, pig iron, brick, timber, tiles, Hates, gravel, (and, lead ore, iron ore, and all other raw materials, three pence per ton per mile. For bark, cordwood, coak, charcoal, lead, wrought iron, baulk and deals, three-pence halfpenny per ton per mile. And for all other goods, four-pence per ton per mile. The following rates for pafiing upon the canal between Livior Brook, on the wefteitt fide of the townlhip of Garthmill and Newtown. For lime ftone, two-pence farthing per ton per mile. For coal, culm and lime, three-pence per ton per mile. For ftone, pig iron, brick, timber, tiles. Hates, gravel, fand, lead ore, iron ore, and all other raw materials, five pence per ton per mile. For bark, cordwood, coak, charcoal, lead, wrought iron, baulk , and deals, five-pence halfpenny per ton per mile. And for all other goods, fixpence per ton per mile. Rates may be altered. Fifty cubicle feet of round, or forty cubick feet of fquare oak, afli, elm, or beech timber, and fifty cubick feet of fir ordeal, baulk, poplar, birch, or other timber, to be deemed a ton weight. One hundred and twenty pounds of coal, coak, culm, lime, free ftone and lime ftone, and one hundred and twelve pounds of all other commodities, to be deemed an hundred weight. Rates upon lime ftone, coal, and lime, to be reduced one farthing per ton per mile, when the clear profits of the canal amount to ten pounds per centum. If the profits fhould afterwards be lefs than eight pounds per centum, the rates to be again railed. Matters of boats to give an account of their lading, on penalty of twenty {hillings a ton. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Paftage boats not to be. navigated but upon terms to be fixed by the commifiioners. Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining, and watering places for cattle^ Towing paths to be fenced off, &c. If bridges, &c. made by the company infufficient, land owners may make others at their own expence. Swivel or draw bridges to be (hut after vefiels have palled. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. Company may cleanfe adjoining water courfes at the land owners expence. Lords of manors and land owners may ere<5t wharfs, &c. but if not done in twelve months after notice, the company may build wharfs, &c. Company of proprietors not to ufe private wharfs. Mailers to put their names on the outfide of boats. Weight of the lading of vefiels to be marked. Boat owners to be accountable for damages done by their crew. Committee to regulate the navigation. Regulations of vefiels pafiing the locks. Lock keepers not to give undue preference. Canal not to be under the power of commifiioners of fewers, and how to be rated. Lords of manors’ right of fifhery preferred. Land owners may ufe pleafure boats on the canal. Mines referved to lords of manors, and other proprietors. Company’s agents to be at liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. Land owners, See. may make rail-ways to mines, lime ftone quarries, furnaces, Sec. Cuts may be made to mines, Sec. with content of land owners. Subfcribers compelled to pay their fubferiptions. Compenfation to be made by the company for the diminution of tolls at certain turnpikes, and may remove the gates and toll houl'es if neceflary. Directions refpe&ing a feeder from the river Tannat, in cafe of a communication with the Ellcfmere canal. Majority of proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to open communications with the canal. Recovery of forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in di ft refs, to recover only the fpecial damages. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari. Limitation of actions. General ifiue. Treble cofts. Pub-lick act.

CAP. XL.

An aCt for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery. ------------------[May 9, 1794.]

740,666b 13s. 4d. to be raifed by a lottery, and fubferibers to depofit iL 1 os. 4d. for each ticket. All persons who have made depofits,purfuant to the refolution of the houfe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of

their

 

5*3

1794-] Anno regni triceOmo quarto Georgii III. c. 40.'

their fubfcriptions at the times following, viz. al. by May 23,1794	2I.	by

July a8;—al. by September 5 ;—3I. by O&ober 24;—4I. by November ai;—and the remaining 4I. by January 13, 1795 ; and the contributors for each 18L 10s. 4d. advanced, fhall be intitled to fuch lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned ; and thofe that pay contributions before November 20, to be allowed difcount at 3I. per cent, per annum, and to h^ive lottery tickets delivered at 181. 10s. 4d. each. Cafhier to give fecurity to the l'atisfa&ion of the commiffioners of the treafury, and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commiffioners of the treafury im-powered to apply the money paid in by the cafhier. 500,oool. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feffion. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame.

Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpofed of tickets, and an account of money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filk, and cut off indent wife into a box marked with the letter ( A), and put into another box, to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 40,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate

tickets.----------‘Two prizes of 20,000k 2	of 10 oool.--2 of 5,000!.----3

of 2,oool.--------7 of 1,oool. 10 of 500I.---50 of iool.----60 of 50I.------

and 11,100 of 20I.-----1,oool. to the firft drawn ticket, and i,oool. each

to the firtt drawn ticket upon 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22,

23, 24> 25, 26, 27, 28, and 29 days of drawing, and 1,oool. to the laft;

drawn.------181. each to the owners of the firtt: 9,000 tickets drawn blanks.

Tickets in the outermoft column of the laft mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), Sec, Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on February 16, ,1795. Method to be obferved in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the Turns, to be printed. Diiputes to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, Sec. felony without benefit of clergy. Offenders (not in prifon) difeovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50I. reward. No attainder for luch offences to make corruption of blood, Iofs of dower, or dilherifon of heirs. Managers to be fworn. The oath.

I A. B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be draVvn in purfu-ance of an adt of parliament, made in the thirty-fourth year of his Ma-jeffy’s reign, do fwear, That I will faithfully execute the truft repofed in me ; and that I will not ufe any indirect art or means, or permit or diredl any person to ufe any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myfelf, or any other person whatfoever ; and that 1 will do the utmoft of my endeavours to prevent an undue or finifter -practice to be done by any person whatfoever; and that I will, to the belt of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid adt.

Caihier may receive the fums fubferibed before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the fame ; which fhall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 181. 10s. 4d. paid. After May 23, 1794? the cafhier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the fum actually fubferibed ; and fhall give receipts for the refidue of fuch Turns, after ,deducing the value of the tickets To delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depolits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, Sec. Commiffioners of the treafury may reward the managers, Sec, as they fhall think fit'. The 500,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged^on any fupplies granted this feffion ; and fhall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on July 1,

1795) &c. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and figned, Sec. Commiffioners of the treafury impowered to defray the incidental expenees attending the execution of this adt. No fees to be taken for receiving or

M m a	paying

 

%

5 M

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii 111. c. 40. [1794.

paying contribution monies for receipts, Sec. on penalty of twenty pounds.. No pericn to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unlefs employed as a clerk, or licenfed fo to do. Pcrfons fo licenfed by the commiffioners of ftamps, fhall provide books, which fhall be ftamped on every leaf. Commiffioners to grant fuch licences only on account of licenfed lottery offices, and only one for each. Five pounds penalty on unlicenfed persons taking down or publifhing the numbers of tickets drawn, Sec. On complaint, the magiftrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the actual coriimilTion of fuch offence, may be apprehended by any perfon, and carried before a magiftrate, who may commit the offender, if the penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. Fifty pounds penalty on persons fummoned as vvitneffes not appearing. Commiffioners fhall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unlefs it fhall appear that the party is able to anfwer the penalty required by law, and he ihall have depolited a certain number of tickets, &c. Perfons to whom licences are granted to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the commiffioners may give up bonds, or put them in fuit. Licences of persons neglecting to depofit, or divide into /hares fifty tickets, to be void, and the defaulters to be publifhed in the Gazette, Sec. In cafes where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in fuch cafes licences granted after the commencement of this a<5t fhall be void, for offences againft this aCt, or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refufed to persons convicted. Twenty pounds penalty on persons continuing on their houfes the words “ Licenfed to deal in Lottery Tickets,” after expiration of their licences, Sec. Executors, &c. may be authorifed to carry on bufinefs for the relidue of the terms of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other ffiares than halves, quarters, eighths, and fixteenths, on penalty of fifty pounds. Application and recovery of penalties.

j^OTTERY for the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

(AnHalf)	Ticket,	No.

(or as the Ihart may be)

46 The bearer of this fhare will be entitled to one	part	of	fuch

beneficial chance as fhall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in purfuance of an aCt palled in the thirty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign.”

Perfons counterfeiting /hares, Sec. guilty of felony. Perfons having in their cuftody any regifter or lift of tickets, but as in this aCt particularifed; or keeping any place for examining tickets, to forfeit fifty pounds. On complaint on oath of offences againft 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punifhment as rogues, juftices may authorise persons employed by the commiffioners of ftamp duties to break open houfes, Sec. Perfons difeovered in fuch houfes, concerned in carrying on illegal tranf-adtions, to be punifhed as rogues, and may be arrefted, Sec. Perfons ob-ftriidting officers may be fined, imprifoned, and whipped. Addons to be profecuted in the name of the attorney general, or an officer appointed by the commiffioners of the ftamps. Where the amount of penalties filed for is not inferted in writs, the defendant to be ferved with a copy of the procefs, and not arrefted, &c. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed to gaol, and no appeal, nor removable by certiorari. General blue. Treble cofts.

CAP.

 

1794*] -Ann0 regtii tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41.	525

CAP. XLI.

An aft to impoiver the Eafl India company to continue a bond debt of two millions, and to increafe the fame by a further fum^ as cir-cumftances may require.—[May 9, 1794.]

WHEREAS by an aft,	/» laf feffion of parliament, Preamble.

intituled, An a<5l for placing the flock called £<7/? India 33 Geo. 37 c. Annuities, under the management of the governor and company recited-of the bank of England, and ingrafting the fame on the three pounds centum reduced annuities, in redemption of a debt of four millions two hundred thoufand pounds, owing by the pub-lick to the Eaft India company; and for enabling the faid company to raife a fum of money by a further increafe of their capital flock, to be applied in difeharge of certain debts of the faid company ; it was amongft other things enafted, That it Jhould be lawful for the faid company, with the confent of the comrnifjioners of his Ada-jeffs treafury, or any three of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, at any time or times thereafter, to open books and receive fubferiptions for enlarging their then prefent capital flock or fund of five millions to any fum not exceeding the further fum of one million, fo as to make their whole capital flock the fum of fix millions; and that the faid company Jhould, out of the monies to arife by the faidfub-feriptions, in the firjl place, apply fo much thereof as Jhould be Juffi-cient for the purpofe in reducing their bond debt in Great Britain to the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, and after fuch reduftion made, or a.fufficient fum fet apart and referved for that purpofe, that the faid company Jhould and might apply and dij'pofe of the refeduc of the monies ar 'ifing by the faid fubferiptions in the difeharge of fitch other debts due or coming due from them, as they Jhould think fit: and it was thereby alfo enafted, That after the faid bond debt Jhould have been fo reduced to one million five hundred thoufand pounds as aforejaid, it fioould not be lawful for the faid company again to increafe the fame beyond that amount, unlefs with the approbation of the board of commijjioners for the affairs of India, for that puppofe in writing firft had and obtained, and that the whole increafe to be made to the faid bond debt Jhould in no wife exceed the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds: and whereas the faid company have accordingly received fubferiptions in the manner by the faid aft dire ft ed^ whereby their capital flock hath been increafed to fix millions, and the faid company have, out of the monies ar’ifing by the faid fubferiptions, paid^ bought up, or otherwife difcharged bonds to the amount of one million one hundred and fifty thoufand five hundred and feventy-five pounds, or thereabouts, and have Jet apart a fujficient fum for the purchafe or difeharge of as many more bonds as ivill reduce the J'aid debt to two millions : and whereas in the prefent fate of the affairs of the faid company it will be for their con venience and advantage that injlead of applying any further part of the money which hath arifen by the faid fubferiptions in or towards a further redu ftion of their faid bond debt beyond the fum already fet apart as aforefaid, the company Jhould be permitted to apply the fame to the general purpofes of their commerce,

M m 3	and

 

526 Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeorgII III. c. 42. [1794.

and to continue on foot the /aid bond debt of two millions, and it is alfo expedient that the faid company Jhould be permitted to increafe their faid bond debt by a further fum not exceeding one million, as circumfances may require: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaCted ; and be it enaCted by the King’s moft*excellent majefty, by and with the ad vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by continaTthe^r ^ aut^or^y °f the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for the bond debt of company to keep on foot and continue their faid bond debt in 'a,000,000!.	Great Britain at the aforefaid amount of two millions, and to ap-

and borrow a ply the furplus monies of the faid fubferiptions remaining, after S^£l reducing or fetting apart a fufficient fum to reduce the faid bond , 00,0.00 . tQ tke amount aforefaid, to and for the general purpofes of their trade and commerce; and further, that it {hall and may be lawful for the faid company, by and with the approbation and confent of the board of commiftioners for the affairs of India for the time being, at any time or times hereafter, to borrow upon and iiTue bonds, under their common feal, for any further fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million, for the purpofes of their trade, as circumftances may require; any thing contained in the faid adt, or in any other- a£t, to the contrary notwithftanding.	4

CAP. XLII.

An aft for granting to foreign /hips, put under his Majefy s protection, the privileges of prize Jhips, under certain regulations and refrictions ; for allowing aliens in foreign colonies, furrendered to his Ma-jefy, to cxercife the occupations of merchants or factors; and for repealing an aft, paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majefy, intituled, An a<5t for granting a liberty to carry fugars, .of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, from the faid colonies diredtly to foreign parts, in {hips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and alfo fo much of an aft, pa fed in the fijtee?ith year of the reign of his late Majefy, as amends the faid aft, —[May 9, 1794.]

Preamble, II 7HERE AS, in confequence of articles of capitulation, whereby V V certain foreign colonies, or parts of foreign colonies, have been, or may hereafter be, furrendered to his Majef y, during the prefent war, certain foreign /hips and vejfcls may have been put, or may be put, under his Majefys proteftion : and whereas the faid J.hips and vejfels, not being taken and condemned as lawful prize in any court of admiralty, cannot, by the laws nozu in force be regifered as prize Jhips, and be entitled to the privileges and advantages of fuch Jhips:. and whereas it is juf and expedient that flips or vef'els, which fall have been or may be fo put under his Majejlfs proteftion, foould be admitted, in like manner as prize Jhips, to the privileges and advantages of Britifh Jhips or vejfels, under certain regulations and refriftions: be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal? and commons, in this y	prefent

 

1794-] Anno regni tricefimaquarto Georgii III. c. 42.	527

prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That all foreign fhips and veflels heretofore owned by the fubjects Veflels of his late mod: chriftian Majefty, which, in confequence of any the|^tejrrench > fuch capitulation, fhall have been or maybe fo put under his Ma- king, put un-jefty’s protection, at the time of, or in confequence of, the fur- der his Ma-render of any foreign colony, or part of any foreign colony, to his jelly’s protec-Majefty, fhall and may be regiftered in like manner as fhips	^

taken and condemned as lawful prize may, by the laws now in privileges of force, be regiftered, and fhall, by virtue thereof, become entitled Britifh veflels, to the privileges and advantages of Britifi.i fhips or veflels, under under certain the regulations and reftridtions herein-after mentioned: provided ie^r^c>ns* always, That no fuch fhip or veftel fhall be fo regiftered but upon producing a certificate, under the hand and feal of the person who commanded in chief, by fea or by land, at the time when fuch foreign colony, or part of foreign colony, was furrendered to his Majefty, or in cafe of the death or departure of any fuch officer before fuch certificate fhall have been fo given, then upon a like certificate under the hand and feal of the person who fhall command in chief, by fea or by land, at fuch colony, or part of foreign colony, teftifying that fuch fhip or veftel was put under the protection of his Majefty at the time of, or in confequence of fuch furrender; and upon oath being taken and fubfcribed, before the person or persons authorifed to make fuch regiftry, and grant fuch certificate of regiftry, refpeCtively, (which they are hereby refpeCtively impowered to adminiftcr), by the owner of fuch fhip or veftel', if fuch fhip or veftel is owned by or belongs to one person only, or, in cafe there fhall be two joint owners, then by both of fuch joint owneis, if both fhall be reftdent within twenty miles of the port or place where fuch regifter is required, or by one of fuch owners, if one or both of them fhall be reftdent at a greater diftance from fuch port or place, or if the number of fuch owners or proprietors fhall exceed two, then by the greater part of the number of fuch owners or proprietors, .if the greater number of them fhall be reftdent within twenty miles of fuch port or place as aforefaid, not in any cafe exceeding three of fuch owners or proprietors, or by one of fuch owners, if all fhall be reftdent at a greater diftance, declaringrin the form and manner herein-after directed, that fuch fhip or veffel is wholly owned by natural-born BritiJJ) fubjects, or by aliens that have been naturalifed or made denizens, or by persons who have become Britifi fubjects by virtue of fome capitulation as aforefaid, and have taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his Majefty in confequence of fuch capitulation, or by any or either of the before-mentioned descriptions of perfons, and none other: provided alfo, that fuch regiftry fhall Where re-not be made, nor certificate of fuch regiftry be granted, for any ofihch fhip or veftel that has been or may be lo put under his Majefty’s grTnted^ ^ protection in the iftand of Saint Domingo, but at the port of King- 6 Jfon, in the iftand of Jamaica \ nor for any fhip or veftel that has been or may be fo put under his Majefty’s protection, in any of the French leeward iflands, but in the port of Rofeauy in the iftand of Dominica 3 and that the laid port of Kingjhn3 in the iftand of

M m 4	Jamaica,

528 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. [1794'-

"Jamaica, and the port of Rofeau, in the illand of Dominica, fhali refpectively, for the purpofe of fuch regiftry, be deemed and taken ; to be the port to whidi fuch fhip or veffel belongs.

1 II. And be it further ena<fted, That the oath before directed to be taken fhali be in the form and manner following :

Form of oath cc T A. B. of [place of refidence and occupation], do make oath, to be taken A That the Jhip or veffel [name], of [port or place], whereof fuchreeiftrv [mafter’s name], is at prefent mafeer, being [kind of built, burthen,

'* &c. as defcribed in the certificate of the filrveying officer], was [when and where built, or if prize, capture and condemnation, or if put under his Majefty’s protection, when and where] ; and that I the faid A. B. [and the other owners names and occupations, if any, and where they refpedlively refide, videlicet, town, place, or parifh and county, or if member of or refident in any factory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for or partner in any houfe or copartnerfhip actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name of fuch factory, foreign town, or city, and the names of fuch houfe or copartnerfhip,] am [or are] foie owner [or owners] of the faid veffel, and that no other perfion or persons ivhatever hath or have any right, title, inter eft, /bare, or property, therein or thereto ; and that I the faid A. B. [and the faid other owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a fubjett [or fubjefts] of Great Britain, and that 1 the faid A. B. have not [nor have any of the other owners to the beft of my knowledge and belief] taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign ft ate whatever [except un.ier the terms of fome capitulation, defcribing the particulars thereof], or that fmce my taking [or his or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign fetes refpe&ively to Which he or any of the faid owners fhali have taken the fame], aitd prior to the paffing of an a61 in the twenty-fexth year of the reign of King George the Third., intituled. An act for the further increafe and encouragement of (hipping and navigation, / have [or, he or they hath or have] become a fubjedt [or, fubjedts] of Great Britain, [either by his Majefty’s letters patent as a denizen or denizens, or, naturalized by acf of parliament, as the cafe may be, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the a<ft or acls of parliament for naturalization, refpecftively,] or [as the cafe may be] I have [or, he or they hath or have] beco?ne a denizen [or, deni-zens, or naturalized fubjedl or fubjeSts, as the cafe may be,] of G reat Britain, by his Majeflfs letters patent, or by an adt of parliament, puffed fence the firfe day of January one thoufandJeven hundred and eighty-fix, [naming the times when fuch letters of denization have been granted refpe&ively, or the year or years in which fuch a£I or acts of naturalization have palled refpeclively], or, that I A. B. and the other owners, if any, having become Britifti fubjedl or fubjedts by virtue of a capitulation [defcribing the particulars thereof as to place, date, and parties] have, or he or they hath or have taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his ?ntijefey the King of Great Britain, [defcribing the times when, the place where, and before '	"	whanf}

Hosted by GOOglC

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42.	529

whom taken], in confequence offuch capitulation; and that no foreigner direflly or indtreflly hath any Jhare, or part, or interejl, in the faid Jhip or veffel”

III,	And be it further enadfed, That it fhall be lawful for any Such vefiels fuch (hip or veffel, being regiftered and having a certificate of ^y.exPor^ regiftry as aforefaid, and being navigated as Britifib (hips are now as herefn fpe-or may hereafter be required by law to be navigated, to export cifted. from any fuch colony, or part of foreign colony, fo furrendered , to his Majefty, to any of the Rrttijh dominions in Europe, to any of the Britifh colonies, plantations, or ifiands, in America, or the Weft Indies, to any foreign ifiands in the Weft Indies, not belonging to any fovereign or ftate at war with his Majefty, to the territories of the united ftates of America, to all other parts of the continent of America, and the ifiands adjacent to the weftern ifiands commonly called the Azores, and Madeira and Canary Ifiands., to the coaft of Africa and the ifiands adjacent, and to none other place whatever ; and alfo to import into any fuch foreign colony, or part of foreign colony, fo furrendered to his Majefty, from any of the aforefaid dominions, colonies, plantations, territories, coaft, or ifiands, and from none other place whatever, fuch goods and commodities refpedfively, and none other, as any B ritifh-buWt fhip or veffel may by law import or export to and from the aforefaid dominions, colonies, plantations, territories, coaft, and ifiands refpedfively; and fuch exportation and importation refpedlively (hall be made in like manner, and under and fubjedf to the like duties, conditions, regulations, and reftridftons, and fubjedt to the like penalties and forfeitures for the breach thereof, as if fuch exportation or importation was made in any Britifh-built (hip or veffel.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That it fhall and maybe lawful Majefty, for his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, at

any time, on the arrival of any fuch fhip or veffel in any port of veXTcl in any Great Britain, upon application to him made, and upon confidera- port of Great tion of fuch circumftances as.(hall fatisfy his Majefty of the expe- Britain, may diency thereof, to authorifeany fuch fhip or veffel, (without payment ^Ve°£dftered° of any duty whatever for the faid fhip or veffel, or the fails and as a prize other neceffary tackle, apparel, and furniture thereof), to be re- Ihip. giftered, and to have a certificate thereof, as in the cafe of a prize fhip, in any port in the kingdom of Great Britain, and fuch fhip or veffel fo regiftered fhall in fuch cafe be entitled to all the privileges and advantages which belong by law to fhips taken and condemned as lawful prize.

V.	And, in order to prevent difaffe&ed or fufpedied perfons, who have refided in any fuch foreign colony, or part of foreign colony which has been or may be fo furrendered to his Majefy from bbtaining admiffion into any part of his Majefy s dominions in any Jhip or veffel whatever, among the mariners who may be employed to navigate the fame, or

as pajfengers on board thereof be it further enadied, That, from From July 23, and after the twentieth day of July one thoufand feven hundred *794> no fub-and ninetyffour, no person heretofore a fubjedl of his late molt chrift.ian Majefty, being a white person or mulatto, or free negro, to be on board

Jhall any fuch

 

53° Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. [1794.

vefiel bound fhall be employed to navigate any fhip or vefiel, bound from any ’s ^ore,gn colony, or part of foreign colony, to any part of his dominions, Majefty’s dominions, or be conveyed as a pafienger.on board thereof, from any fuch foreign colony, or part of foreign colony, unlefs fuch person fhall produce a certificate, under the hand and feal of the person who commands in chief as aforefaid in fuch

foreign colony, or part of foreign colony, or at the port or place therein, from whence fuch fhip or vefiel fhall fail, teftifying that

allegiance to his

unlefs he pro duce a certificate of his having taken the oath of fidelity, &c.

on penalty on fuch person has taken the oath of fidelity and the matter. Majefty, and that no negro Have belonging to any person what-foever, heretofore a fubjeft of his late moft chriftian Majefty, fhall be fo employed or conveyed, but upon a certificate under the hand, and feal of his mafter, (which mafter fhall have taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance as aforefaid), certifying the good character of fuch negro Have, and teftifying that his conduft has been fuch that he may be lafely admitted into the ports of his Majefty’s dominions ; which certificate fhall be indorfed by the person who commands in chief his Majefty’s troops or veflels at the port or place from whence fuch fhip or vefiel fhall fail, figni-fying that he has no reafon to doubt of the truth thereof, upon pain that the mafter or other person having the charge or command of any fuch fhip or vefiel, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds for every person employed or conveyed in his fhip or veffel, who has not fuch certificates refpeftively. l% Car. 2. c. VI. And whereas, by an aft paffed in the twelfth year of the reign j8, recited. 0f King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouraging and increafing of fhipping and navigation, it is enafted, that no alien, or person not born within the allegiance of our fovereign lord the King, his heirs andfucceffors, or naturalized or made a free deni-zen, Jhall exercife the trade or occupation of a merchant or faftor in any lands, if anas, plantations, or territories, to his Majefty belongings or in his poffeffioris or which might thereafter belong unto or be in the pojfejfion of his Majefty^ his heirs and fucceffors, in Afia, Africa, or America, upon pain of the forfeiture and lofs of all his goods and chattels, or which are in his poffeffion : be it enafted, That every person although an alien born, and not naturalized nor made a free denizen, who fhall refide in any ifiand or place which has fur-Majeftyinthe rendered, or which fhall hereafter furrender to his Majefty, and Weft Indies be in his Majefty’s pofiefiion in the Weft Indies, and who fhall have taken the oath of fidelity 'and allegiance to his Majefty, according-to the terms of the capitulation under which fuch ifiand or place fhall have furrendered, fhall be, and fhall from the time of fuch furrender be deened to have been entitled to exercife the trade or occupation of a merchant or faftor, in any fuch ifiand or place; any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

12 Geo. 1. c. VII. And whereas an aft vaas paffed in the twelfth year of the 50, and	reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting a liberty to

carry fugars, of the growth, produce, or manufafture of any of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, from the faid colonies diredfly to foreign parts, in fhips built in Great Britain, and navigated

Aliens refid-ihg in any place furrendered to his

may aft as merchants or faftors.

 

531

1794*1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43.

vigated according to \a.w,‘which att was to continue and be in force for five years, to be reckoned from the twenty-fifth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the end of the "next feffion of parliament; and which has been fince further cont'mued by feveral a£ts of parliament, and is now in force: and whereas, by an aid pajfed in the fifteenth year of his late Majefiy s I5	c‘

reign, intituled. An adt to revive feveral adts for the punifhment	9

of persons destroying turnpikes or locks, or other works eredted by authority of parliament, and for other purpofes therein mentioned; and to continue feveral adts relating to rice, to frauds in the cuftoms, to the clandestine running of goods, and to copper ore of the Britifh plantations; and for extending the liberty -given by the adt of the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for carrying fugar of the growth of the Britifh Sugar colonies in America, to Ships belonging to any of his Majelty’s fubjedts refiding in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and for the more effedtual preventing the cutting of Star or bent; fugar of the growth of the Britifh fugar colonies in America, zvas permitted to be carried from the faid colonies dire Ally to foreign parts, in Jhips belonging to any of his Majefiy s fubjeAts refiding in Great Britain, and navigated according to lavac and whereas, in order to fecure the bringing into the ports of his Majefiys dominions in Europe, fugar, the produce of fuch parts of the Welt Indies, as have lately or may hereafter come into his Majfiy’s poffeffion, it is expedient that the fame Jhould be repealed: be it enadted, That the Said act an<^ the for-parted in the twelfth year of his late Majefty’s reign, and fo much ^the^atfer^ of the faid adt pafied in the fifteenth year of his late Majcfty’s repealed, reign as relates to carrying fugar, of the growth of the Britifh fugar colonies in the Weft Indies, from the faid colonies diredtly to foreign parts, in Ships belonging to any of his Majetty’s fub-jedts refiding in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP. XL1II.

An a At to enable fubjeAts of France to enlifi as foldiers in regiments to ferve on the continent of Europe, and in certain other places; and to enable his Majefty to grant commiffions to fubjeAts of France, to ferve and receive pay as officers in fuch regiments, or as engineers, under certain refit ill ions.—[May 9, 1794. J

WH E R. E A S, during the prefent zvar between Great Bri- Preamble, tain and France, it may be expedient to raij'e regiments to ferve on the continent of Europe, or in the dominions of his late mofi Cbrifiian majefiy ; and to enlifi as foldiers in fuch regiments, fuch persons who zvere fubjeAts of his late mo ft Cbrifiian majefty as fall, be willing to enlifi themfelves in his Majefiy s fervice; and to enable certain numbers of them to ferve and receive pay as officers in fuch regiments, and as engineers, under reftriAAions; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con^

Sent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That

 

Europe, &c.

Such officers not entitled to half pay, nor any inch fol-dier liable to penalty for profeffing the popifh religion.

Such troops

532 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43. [1794.

Subjects of the That it fhall be lawful for all fuch persons who were fubjefts of his late French ]ate moft Chriftian majefty, as fhall be willing to ferve his Ma-lht and^ccept	to as foldiers, and to accept commiffions. or letters of

commiffions fervice from his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, or from persons to ferve on the duly authorifed by his Majefty to grant the fame, (which corn-continent of mifllons it fhall be lawful to grant), to ferve as officers or as engineers in any part of the continent of Europe, or in the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, and Sark, or in any part of the ' dominions of his late moft Chriftian majefty : provided, That no fuch officer or foldier fhall be enabled by this aft to ferve as an officer, or engineer, or foldier, in any place, except on the continent of Europe, or in any of the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, and Sark, or in any part of the dominions of his late moft Chriftian majefty: provided alfo, That no fuch officer, when he fhall be reduced, fhall be entitled to receive half pay : provided alfo, That no fuch person as aforefaid fhall be liable to any pain or penalty for having enlifted as a foldier in any fuch regiments as aforefaid, by reafon of his having profefted the popifh religion, and not having declared the fame at the time of his enlifting.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe it may be landed fhall be deemed neceftary or expedient to bring any fuch troops as tai^for^r** aforefaid to any port or place in Great Britain, for the purpofe of tain’purpofes, rendezvous, or with a view to operations abroad, and it fhall be &c. j	deemed neceftary or expedient to land fuch troops in any part of

Great Britain, for health or exercife, it fhall be lawful fo to do, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding : provided always, That fuch troops fo landed fhall not be marched into the country to any diftance greater than five miles from the fea coaft: provided alfo, That notice of landing fuch troops fhall, within fourteen days afer fuch landing, be given to both houfes of parliament, if parliament fhall be then affembled; and if not, then within fourteen days after the next meeting of parliament.

but no more HI* Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That there fhall never than 5,000 to be at any one time within this kingdom a greater number of be in the persons who fhall have been enlifted under the authority of this kingdom at a(c^ than £ve tj-)OUfanc[ men.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further declared and enabled. That all and every fuch officers and foldiers refpeftively fhall, whilft in his Majefty’s fervice as aforefaid, be fubjeft and liable to fuch articles of war as his Majefty fhall think ftt to eftablifh for the better government of fuch forces and for bringing offenders againft the fame to juftice, and for conftituting courts martial, with power to try, hear, and determine, any crimes or offences by fuch articles of war, and inflict penalties by fentenceor judgment of the fame : provided always, That no officer or foldier fhall, by fuch articles of war, be fubjeft to any punifhment extending to life or limb, for any crime which is not expreffed to be fo puniftaable by an aft of this leftion of parliament (intituled, An aft for punijhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters) \ nor for fuch crimes as are expref-

any manner or under any

one time,

Officers and foldiers to be liable to fuch articles of war as his Majefty /hall eftablifh, &c.

fed to be fo puniftiable in the faid aft, in

Hosted by



1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 44,45- 533

any regulations which {hall not accord with the provifions of the faid aft : provided alfo, That every-perfon who fhall be enlifted as a foldier under the authority of this aft, fhall be attefted in fuch manner as his Majefty (hall direft by fuch articles of war, and not otherwife; and that fuch officers and foldiers refpeftively fhall take fuch oath for their fidelity, during their continuance in his Majefty’s fervice, as his Majefty fhall in like manner direft, and no other.

V.	And be it further enafted, That this aft fhall be in force Continuance and have continuance during the faid war, and from the end a<^-thereof to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An aft to continue an aft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, for efta-blithing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue fo much of two afts, made in the tenth add flxteenth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as relates to regulating the fees of the officers of the cuftoms, and of the naval officers in the Britifh colonies in America, and of the officers of the cuftoms in the ifland of Newfoundland.------[May 9, 1794-.]

Aft 33 Geo. 3. c. 76. continued to June 10, 1795. So much of 10 Geo.

3. c 37. as relates to regulating fees of officers of cuftoms, and naval officers in America ; and fo much of 16 Geo. 3. c. 47. as relates to fees of officers of cuftoms, in Newfoundland, revived and to continue in force five years.

CAP. XLV.

An aft to enable his Majefty to efablijh a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Ifland.—[May 9, 1794.']

Wr H E R E A S by an aft, ?nade and pa fed, in the twenty feventh Preamble.

year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An aft: to 27 Geo. 3. c* enable his Majefty to eftablifh a court of criminal judicature on 2,9 recited, the eaftern coaft of New South Wales, and the parts adjacent; it is enafted, That his Majefy may, by his commijfon under the great feal, authorife the person to be appointed governor, or the lieutenant governor in the abfence of the governor, of the eafern coaft of New South Wales, and the iflands adjacent thereto, to convene, from time to time, as occafion may require, a court of judicature, for the trial and punifment of all fuch outrages and mifbehaviours, as if committed within this realm would be deemed and taken, according to the laws of this realm, to be treafon, or mifprfion thereof felony, or mifdeme'anor,

'which faid court Jhall proceed to try fuch offenders after the manner ‘ therein mentioned : and whereas from the increafed number of persons in Norfolk Ifland, being one of the faid Ifands adjacent to the Jaid eafern coaf of New South Wales, and from the delay and difficulty attending the conveyance of prifonen from the faid Norfolk Ifland to his Majefy * fettlement on the faid eafern coaf of New South Wales, the due execution of the faid aft hath been greatly retarded and impeded: for remedy thereof, and to the end that the benefits of the faid aft may be more effeftually extended to his Majefty’s fettlement on Norfolk Ifland; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the

lords

 

534 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. [1794.

lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parli-

His Majefty ament affembled, and hy the authority of the fame, That his

UieVcutenant ^-aJe% maY> by h*s commiffion under the great feal, authorife

governor of C lieutenant governor, or person for the time being adminifter-

ISTorfolk ing the government of his Majefty’s fettlement in Norfolk If and,

lfland, to con- to convene, from time to time, as occafion may require, a court

~	^	of judicature for the trial and punifhment of all fuch outrages

and mifbehaviours, as if committed within this realm would be

deemed and taken, according to the laws of this realm, to be

treafon, or mifprifion thereof, felony, or mifdemeanor; which

court fhall confift of the judge advocate, to be appointed in and

be members for ^\s Maieftv’s fettlement in Norfolk If and, together with four out, and bow	1	/u„ii____

vene a court of judicature for trial of offenders:

who are to

be members

they are to proceed.

Provolt mar-fhall to execute the judgment of the court.

Unlefs four members concur in adjudging capital

officers of his Majefty’s forces by fea or land, and fhall proceed to try all persons who fhall offend in any of the premifes, by calling fuch offenders refpedlively before them, by caufing the charge againft him, her, or them refpe£tively, to be read over, which charge fhall always be reduced into writing, and fhall be exhibited to the faid court by the judge advocate, and byexa^ mining witnefles upon oath, to be adminiftered by fuch court, as well for as againft fuch offenders refpeeftively, and afterwards adjudging by the opinion of the major part of the persons composing fuch court, that the party accufed is or is not (as the cafe fhall appear to them) guilty of the charge, and by pronouncing judgment therein (as upon a convidfion by verdidf) of death, if the offence be capital, or of fuch corporal punifhment, not extending to capital punifhment, as to the faid court fhall feem meet.

II. And be it further enabled, That the provoft marffiall or other officer to be for that purpofe appointed by fuch lieutenant governor, or person for the time being adminiftering the government of his Majefty’s fettlement in Norfolk If and as aforefaid, fhall caufe due execution of fuch judgment to be had and made, under and according to the warrant of fuch lieutenant governor, or person for the time being adminiftering the government of his Majefty’s fettlement in Naif oik If and as aforefaid, under his hand and feal, and not otherwife : provided always, That execution fhall not be had or done on any capital convidt or convidls, unlefs

proceedings to be tranf-mitted to his Majefty. Court to be a court of record.

offenders, the four persons prefent in fuch court fhall concur in adjudging him, her, or them', fo accufed and tried as aforefaid, to be refpe&ively guilty, until the proceedings fhall have been tranfmitted to his Majefty, and by him approved.

Ilf. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid court fhall be a court of record; and fhall have all fu^h powers as, by the laws of England, are incident and belonging to a court of record.

CAP. XLVI.

Jin act for taking of fpedal bail in all ions and fuits depending in the court of common pleas of the county palatine of Lancafter.—[May 9, 1794.]

Preamble. HHT H E R E A S it hath been found inconvenient that no person is impowered to grant commijfons for the taking and receiving

recognizances

Hosted by



535

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 46.

recognizances of bail in aflions and fuits commenced or depending in the court of common pleas> otherwije called The court of feffion for the county palatine of Lancafler, held before his Majefty s jujlices there : for remedy whereof, be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and The chancel-after the paffing of this a£f, the chancellor of the duchy and lor or vice county palatine of Lancafer, or his vice chancellor for the faid chancellor of county palatine for "the time being refpecStively, fhall and may, by one or more commiffion or commiffions, under the feal of the may authorise faid county palatine, from time to time, as occafion may require, perlons to irnpower fuch and fo many person and perfons, ‘ (other than com- take bail in mon attornies or folicitors), as he, or either of them, {hall think a(^ns debt and necefTary, in the faid county palatine of Lancafler, to take C0lfnty and receive all and every fuch recognizance or recognizances of court, See. bail or bails, as any person or persons (hall be willing and defirous to acknowledge or make, before any person fo impoweredMn any action or fuit depending, or hereafter to be depending, in the faid court, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch recognizance or bail piece, as fpecial bails are ufually or by law ought to be taken, which faid commiilions {hall be made out by the protho-notary of the faid court, upon, a bat or warrant from the faid chancellor, or vice chancellor for the time being, and which faid recognizance or recognizances, bail piece or bail pieces, fo taken as aforefaid, together with an affidavit made of the due taking of the recognizances of fuch bail or bail piece, by Some credible person prefent at the taking thereof, or being one of the people called Quakers,, by his affirmation, and which affidavit or affirmation the person foimpowered to take the faid recognizance or recognizances of bail or bails fhall be, and hereby is authorised to receive and take and to adminifter the oath or folemn affirmation, as the cafe may require, fhall, within ten days after the taking fuch bail, be tranfmitted to the office of the prothonotary of the faid county, there to be bled of record, upon payment of the fum of eleven fhillings and eight-pence ; and which recognizance of bail or bail piece, fo taken and tranfmitted, fhall be of full force and effedl ; and the following fees, and no more, fhall be paid for each of the faid lad:-mentioned commiffions, and for taking the acknowledgements of the bail and affidavits, or affirmations refpedfing the fame ; (to wit),

The fum of three fhillings for the bat or warrant:	Pees,

The fum of eight fhillings and fix-pence for making out the commiffion, bebdes the King’s duty and parchment:'

The fum of bve fhillings for the feal:

The fum of fix {hillings for taking every fuch acknowledgement or bail piece :

And the fum of one Shilling for the taking of the affidavit or affirmation of the due taking thereof.

II. And

 

Prothonotary or his deputy may take bail

536 Anno regni tticefimo quarto GeoRGII IIT. c. 46. [1794* Juftices of the II. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid, That make rules ^*ls Majefty’s juffices of the faid court, for the time being, fhall for juftifying an(^ maY make fuch rules and orders for the junifying of fuch bail, &c. bails, and making the fame abfolute, as to them (hall feem meet, fo that it may not be neceffary for the cognizor or cognizors of any fuch bail or bails to appear in the faid court to juftify him or themfelves, but that the fame may be determined by affidavit or affidavits, (or being made by any of the people called Quakers, by affirmation or affirmations), duly taken before any commiffioner to be appointed as aforelaid), or before the prothonotary of the faid court for the time being, or his officiating deputy ex officious as officers of the faid court, and without any commiffion for that purpofe), touching the value of the refpecfive eftates, and other neceffary qualifications of fuch cognizor or cognizors; and for the fwearing of each fuch affidavit, or taking fuch affirmation, {hall be received the fum of one {hilling and no more.

IIL Provided alfo neverthelefs. That nothing in this a& contained {hall prevent the prothonotary of the faid court for the as heretofore! tame being, or h*s officiating deputy, from taking and receiving ex officio, and as officers of the faid court, recognizances of bails in actions or fuits commenced or hereafter to be commenced in the faid court, in fuch manner as he and they have done, or by law might do, if this a£I had not been made.

Perfons fwear-	IV. And be it further enabled, That if any person or perfons

mg falfely to wh0 {ball make any affidavit or affirmation of the due taking of the fametC>e- t‘le recognizance of any bail, or for the juftification of any bail, nalties as or otherwife in relation thereto, in any fuit or adlion depending, would have or to be hereafter depending, in the faid court, fhall falfely fwear, been incurred or falfely affirm in or by his or their faid affidavit or affirmation r^corTat refpeCiively, every fuch person and persons fhall incur and be lia-We ft minlter. ble unto the like pains and penalties as he, (he, or they, would have incurred and been liable unto, if fuch affidavit or affirmation had been made and taken in open court, in any of his Ma-jeffy’s courts of record at iVejlminfter,

Perfons repre- V. And be it further enacted. That any person or persons who fenting others fhall, before any person or persons impowered by virtue of this a£t as aforelaid, to take fpecial bail or bails, reprefent or perforate any other person or perfons, whereby the person or persons fo reprefented or penonated inay be liable to the payment of any to be fuin or fums of money for debt or damages to be recovered in the fame fuit or action wherein fuch person or persons is or are reprefented or perfonated, as if he, {he, or they had really acknowledged and entered into the fame, being lawfully convicted thereof, {hall be adjudged, e (teemed, and taken to be, a felon or felons, and fuffer and incur the fame pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as persons convicted of the like offences are liable to, by virtue of an a£t paffed in the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for taking fpecial bails in the country upon a ft ions and fuits depending in the courts ofKing’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer, at Weftminfter.

who may thereby be liable to the payment of money, deemed felons.

CAP.

 

1794-1 Annoregni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47*	537

CAP.	XL VI I.

An aft to amend an aft, paffed in the lafl fejfon of parliament, intituled^ An ad to provide for the families of persons chofen by lot to ferve in the militia of this kingdom, and of fubftitutes ferving therein; and to explain and amend an ad of parliament, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, ‘ An ad for amending, and reducing into one ad of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part ot Great Britain called England \ and alfo an atI, made in this prefent fejfon of parliament, intituled, An ad for augmenting the militia.

—[May 9, 1794.]

WHEREAS, in and by an aft, paffed in the lafl fejfon of par- Preamble.

liament, intituled. An ad to provide for the families of 33 Geo. 3. persons chofen by lot to ferve in the militia of this kingdom, and c. 8, recited, of fubftitutes ferving therein; and to explain and amend an ad of parliament, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, c An ad for amending, and reducing into one ad of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called Englandj provifon is made for the relief of the families of militia men chfen by lot, and of corporals, drurmners, and fifers,ferving in the militia, in the cafes in the faid aft mentioned; hut no provifon is made therein for the families offerjeants ferving in the faid militia : therefore be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the like allow- Like allowances fhall be made to the families of ferjeants ferving in the ancestobe militia as by the faid ad is direded to be made to the families of	r

corporals, drummers, and fifers, ferving therein, fuch allowance jeantSj as arg to be ordered, paid, and reimburfed, by fuch persons in fuch man- given by the ner as is direded by the faid ad, and by this ad, with refped to recited ad to the allowances made to the families of fuch corporals, drummers, the tallies °f and fifers. _	_	corporals,&c.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That The families of if the colonel or commanding officer of any regiment of militia ^nS (hall difeharge any militia man, whether principal or fubftitute, mendifeharg-at his own requeft, on his producing another man to ferve in his edattheirown Head, and fuch militia man (hall produce fuch perfon, who fhall requeft enq be fvvorn and inrolled accordingly, the wife and family of fuch titled to relief, person fo produced, inrolled, and fworn, fnali be entitled to the fame relief as the wives and families of every other fubftitute is by the faid ad, and this ad, entitled to.

HE And be it further enaded, That if any churchwarden or Penalty on overfeer of the poor fhall, on demand made, in purfuance of any parifh officers order of any juftice or juftices of the peace, for the payment of !L0* pay-ng

r c ■	1 J •	r L /■- J A r 1. t /i r r r money m pur-

any lum or money, by virtue ot the laid act ot the laft lenion ot fuance of or* parliament, or of this ad, and after the producing of the faid order aers of juf-to him, refufe or negled to pay and fatisfy the fum or fums of tices>

Vol« XXXIX,	N a	money

53§ Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoUGII III. c. 47. [1794;

money directed to be paid in or by fuch order, every fuch churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, fo refilling or negle&ing to make fuch payment, {hall, for every fuch negleft, forfeit the funi of five pounds, to be recovered upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneftes, or by the confeftion of the party accufed, before the juftice making fuch order, or any other juftice of the peace, of the county, riding, divifion, city, or place, where the offence iliall be committed ; which faid juftice is hereby autho-rifed and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, to fummon the party accufed, and to examine into the matter of fa<5fi and upon due proof thereof as aforefaid, to give judgement for fuch penalty, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, in cafe the fame {hall not be forthwith paid, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice caufing the overplus, if any, after deducing the charges of fuch diilrefs and fale, to be rendered to the party; and the penalty fo adjudged {hall be paid, one moiety thereof to the party aggrieved, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifti.

Perfons ag« IV. And be it further enabled. That if any person {hall find grieved may himfelf aggrieved by any fuch order of any juftice or juftices of 3 uarte/fe^ Peace> ^or t'^e Payment of any fitch fum of money as aforefaid, iions. * it ffisfi and may be lawful for fuch person to appeal to the juftices of the peace, at the next general or quarter feftions of the peace, for the fame county, riding, divifion, city, or place, when any demand, in purfuance of fuch order, (hall be made as aforefaid, who are hereby impowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and it {hall be lawful for the faid juftices at fuch feflions to award and order, where they fhall fee occafion, the payment of fuch fum and fums of money which fuch appellant, as churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, ought to have paid in purfuance of fuch order* made by virtue of the faid act of the laft feffion of parliament, or this acf, and hath negledted to pay in manner aforefaid.

V.	And whereas the treajurers of the feveral counties, ridings,

cities^ towns, divifions, and places, in England, neceffarily incur and

have extraordinary trouble, labour, and expence, in tranfaiding and

negotiating the buftnefs and duty of their refpeftive offices whilfl the

militia is embodied and in adlualfervice ; anf as the law now Jlands,

no adequate recompense or fatisfadiion, in many cafes, is or can be made

Quarter fef- 0r given to them for the fame: be it therefore enacted, That it

Rons may or-	anc] may lawful to and for the juftices of the peace for

der reeom-	J	J .. .r r

every county m England\ ridmg, city, town, divilion, and place,

at any general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for each refpedtive county, riding, city, town, divifion, and place, to order and diredt fuch recompence and fatisfa£Hon as they {hall think juft and reafonable to be made or given to fuch treafurers, for their extraordinary trouble, labour, and expences aforefaid, for fuch time and in fuch manner as they fhall think proper, to be paid or allowed out of the publick ftock or treafure of every fuch county, riding, town, divifion, and place, refpe&ively.

VI.	And whereas by an ablj made in this feffion of parliament^ in-tit tiled} An aft for augmenting the militia, certain powers are given

/«■■

pence for trouble of conuty treafurers, &c.

 

1794.3 Anno regni trlcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48, 49. 539

for augmenting the number of the militia forces, to continue for a limited time; be it further enafted, That, during the continuance 34 Geo. 3. of the faid aft, it (hall and may be lawful for any ferjeant, drum- ^ i^oluiitC<^* mer, or other perfon, ferving his Majefty, being thereunto au- j.ee“s mav\>e thorifed by his or their fuperior officer or officers, to beat up in beat up for, any city, town, or place, for volunteers, to ferve as privates in to ferve in any company to be added to the regiment or battalion of militia of any county or riding in pilrfuance of the faid aft, without incurring or being liable to any penalty or forfeiture for fo doing; any thing in an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An d£l for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part s/'Great Britain called England,, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That every volunteer who Volunteers to fhall be inrolJed and added as a private to the eftablifhment of take the fol* any reigment or battalion of militia of any county or riding, in A s purfuance of the faid aft of this feffion of parliament, fhall take the following oath ;

T A. B. do fncerely jwear, That I will be faithful, and bear* true Oath*

^ allegiance, to his majejly King George ; and I do fwear that lam a protejlant, and that I will faithfully ferve in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the co?itinuance of the prefent war with France, or for any leffer time, until his Majejly fhall order and direft my dijcharge.

Which oath fhall and may be adminiftered by the persons refpec- Who may ad* tively authorifed and direfted to adminifter the oaths appointed to miniiter it. be taken by persons chofen by ballot to ferve in fuch militia, or by any juftice of the peace for the county or riding where fuch volunteer fhall have been inlifled.

CAP. XLVIII.

An aft for granting to his Majefty the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, to be ifiued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commiffioners for the reduftion of the national debt.-[May 9, 1794.]

CAP. XLIX.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the con-folidated fund ; for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-four; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feUion of parliament.-----[May 9, 1794-]

2,697,000!. may be ifiued out of the confolidated fund; which may be railed by loan, or exchequer bills, on the credit of the faid fund. Money lent on fecurity of this aft not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be ftruck, &c. Orders for repayment to be regiftered and paid in courfe.

No fee to betaken for regiftering, Ac. on penalty of treble value and cofts, and alfo lol's of place* For undue preference in regiftering, Ac. liable to aftion. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the fame date brought the fame day, are entered firft, fo they are all entered;

Nnj	'	nor

540

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c.49. [1794.

nor if lubfequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be referved to difcharge them. Orders afiignable. Trea-fury may order the ium hereby granted to be raifed by exchequer bills, in the manner prefcribed by t(ie malt ad of the prefent feflion; the pro-viiions of which adt (except fuch as charge the bills on the malt duties, and limit the rate of intereft) to extend to this* Bills and intereft, &c. to be difcharged out of the confolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this adt. 231,8411.16s. lod. fur pi us of the confolidated fund, on April 5,1794. Monies raifed by the land tax, malt adt, loans, 2,ooo,oool. Further loans, 1,500,0001. annuities ; lottery. 231,841k 16s. lod. lurplus of the confolidated fund, 011 April 5, 1794; 2,697,000k hereby granted out of the confolidated fund, fliall be applied (with the refidue of the fale of French prizes) to the ufes hereafter expreffed. 5,525,331k ns. 3d. naval fervices 1794*	701,736k 3s* 8d. for land fervice of the ordnance

for 1794- 576k 19s. 5d. for land fervice of the ordnance prior to Dec. 31, 1783.	925k 4s. 3d. for land fervice of the ordnance in 1792. 611,419!.

ns. 8d. for do. in 1793.	30,350k	3s.	6d.	for fea fervice of do. in 1793.

200,000k granted to the king of Sardinia. 6,436,500k 9d. 2q. granted for land forces in 1794.	1,492,812k 12s. 2d. for 60,244 effcdtive men,

officers, Scc. in Great Britain, &c. 677,682k 12s. 4d. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, and New South Wales. 50,279k 13s. 4d. for difference between Britifh and Irilh eftabliffiments of regiments in the Weft Indies, Gibraltar and the fleet. 8,323k 17s. 10s. 2q. for regiments in the Eaft Indies. 219,5001 for recruiting, contingencies, See. 210,000k for levy money. See. for augmentation to the land forces. 97,389k is. id. for general, ftaff, and hofpital officers. 39,118k 16s. 7d. for fupernumerary officers. 64,790k 18s. 3d. to the paymafter general, fecretary at war, &c. 146,843k 10s. iod. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. 156k 9s. 2d. for reduced privates, See. of the horfe guards. 3,000k for officers late in the fervice of the States General. 55,092k 10s. for reduced officers of the Britiffi American forces, and 4,907k 10s. for allowances to them. 9,931k 19s. 3d. for widows' penlions. 151,742k 5s. iod. for Chelfea hofpital. 687,420k 14s. for militia and fencibles, and 160,oool. for their contingencies, See. 93,653k 3s. 9d. for cloathing the militia. 185,667k 15s. 6d. for corps transferred from the Irifh to the Britiffi eftabliffiment, and augmentations in 1793. 538,8741^01* 18,000 Hanoverians. 304,309k to the Landgrave of Heffie Caffiel.* 102,073k to the Landgrave of Heffie Darmftadt. 24,067k to the Margrave of Baden. 300,117k 16s. 6d. for fencible cavalry. 808,805k 14s. 4d. for extraordinary expences of land forces for 1793.	2,000,000k for paying oft' exchequer bills made out under 33 Geo. 3. c. 17.	2,000,000k for paying off further exchequer bills

made out under 33 Geo. 3. c. ^8.	1,500,000k	for	paying off further exchequer bills made out under 33 Geo. 3. c. 32.	46,619k 13s. 7d. iffued

in purfuance of the addrefies of the houfe of commons. 6,450k granted for the civil eftabliffiment of Upper Canada, from December 31, 1793, to December 31, 1794* 5,315k for the like at Nova Scotia, from January 1,

1794,	to January 1, 1795. 4,400k for the like at New Brunfwick in

America, from June 24, 1794, to June 24, 1795.	1,900!. for the like at

the ifland of Saint John in America, from January 1, 1794, to January 1,

1795.	1.800k for the like at the ifland of Cape Breton in America, from

June 24, 1794> to June 24, 1795-	1,344k	is. 6d. for the charge of falaries

of the governor and civil officers of the ifland of Newfoundland, from April r, 1794, to April 1, 1795. 4,250k for the civil eftabliffiment of the Bahama iffands, from January t, 1794, to January 1, 1795.	580k	for the

1 alary of the chief j office of trie Bermuda or Somers iflands, from June 24, 1794, to June 24, F79G 6ocl. for the fahry of the chief Suffice of the ifland of Dominica, from January 1, 1794, to January 1, 1795.	4,795k

8s. 2d. for the civil eftabliflitnent of New South Wales, from October 10, 7793, to October 10, 1794-	13,000k	for	forts in Africa. 4,5001. for

roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland. 465k ns. iod. aq. iffued to marquis of Salifbury lor rendering the houfe of peers more commodious. 27,692k 4s. 6ck 2q on account of the French refugees. 3,3761.8s. for works at the fleet prifon. 9,275k 6s. 9ci. for works at Somerfet place.

i 4k J5S. 4d. iilued on account of the co mini hi oners for auditing pub-

lick

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 50.	541

lick accounts. 2,1 iil. is. iffued for difcharge of debts contradcd by Mr.

Tally, conful at Tripoli. 1,084b 15s. ilTued to MefTrs. Marfh and Spranger, as a compenfation for enquiring into Ioffes on the Mufquito ffiore. 669I. 9s. 1 id. iffued to Mr. Nugent, a<fting furveyor general of lands at Cape Breton. 1,504b 10s. 6d. iffued to the bifhop of Qubec, See.

537b 12s. 6d. to the commiifioners for enquiring into the laws of Jerfey.

248b 18s. to Samuel Starbuck, junior. 19,500b for the relief of American fufferers. 14,585b 10s. 6d. iffued for his Majefty’s ferviceabroad. 2,043b iffued to the commiifioners of the land revenues. 211,295b 6s. 8d. 2q. for part of orders for relief of American fufferers. made out purfuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. 56,796b 7s. 6s. for the like purfuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34.

10,749b 3s. 8d. for the expences of the trial of Warren Haflings efq;

19,820b 8s. iod. for provifious, &c, fent to New South Wales. 11,393b 4s. 8d. to Duncan Campbell efq; for convicts on the River Thames.

13,576b 17s. 8d. 2q. to James Bradley efq; for convids in Langfton and Portsmouth harbours. 18,844b 12s. 4d. for expences of the mint.

200,000b towards the reduction of the national debt. 5,000! to the Levant company. 15,277b 9s. 7d. 3q. iffued from the civil lift between February 14, 1794, and the fifth of April following. 3,000b to the board of agriculture. 475,022b 13s. iod. 2q. for deficiency of grants in 1793. Supplies to be applied for the purpofes before mentioned. Rules to be ob-■ferved in the application of the fum granted for half pay. By 33 Geo. 3. c. 72. 156,797b 18s. 4d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1793. The overplus of which fum may be difpofed of to officers maimed, &c. as his Majefly fhalj dire<ft,

CAP. L.

An aH for repealing fo much of an aft, inade in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, as direCls that no cambrick or lawn Jhall be imported from Ireland, until the importation of cam-bricks and French lawns into Ireland Jhall be prohibited by law ; to allow the importation of cambricks and French lawns from the Auflrian Netherlands, for a limited time; for making more effectual an aCt, made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for the more effectual prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom ; and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of tobacco Jhipped for exportation,—[May 9, 1794.]

WHEREAS by a certain claufe contained in an aCt, paffed in Preamble.

the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled,, 7 Geo. 3. c. 43 An ad to amend and enforce the ads of the eighteenth, twenty- claufe 5, re-fir ft, and thirty-fecond, years of the reign of his late majefly c*ted»

King George the Second, for the more effedual preventing the fraudulent importation and wearing of cambricks and French lawns, it was enaCted, That no cambrick or lawn whatfoever Jhould be imported from the kingdom 0/Treland into any part ofGrzat Britain, until the importation of cambricks and French lawns into the kingdom of Ireland flooulcl be prohibited by latvy upon pain of forfeiting the faid goods, and the further penal fum of five pounds, for every . piece of cambrick or lawn fo imported: and whereas it is expedient that the faid claufe in the faid recited aCi flould be repealed: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-pions, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority

N n 3	ot

 

542 and repealed

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c 50. [1794.’

of the fame. That the faid claufe in the faid recited aft fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And zvhereas it is expedient to allow the importation into Great Britain of cambricks and French lawns from the Auftrian Netherlands, under the fame rules, regulations, and refriSlions, as the importation of cambricks and French lawns was allowed by virtue of an afi, paffed in the izventyfeventh year of the reign of bis prefent Mail Geo. 3. c. jefly^ intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral duties of cuftdms 33, reci e , and excjpCj an<J granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue ; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufafture of the European dominions of the French king into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequer, for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt: be it therefore enafted by the authority andcombncks aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for any person or per-

fawns1 ma"^be ^ons t0 ^mPort ^ntQ any Port °f Great Britain, from any port or from place within the Aujlrian Netherlands, any cambricks or French the Auftrian lawns, on payment of fuch and the like duties as were due and Netherlands, payable on the like goods, as the fame are refpeftively deferibed ♦he^uS$nin°^an"^ *'et f°rth 'm die table marked (C), annexed to the faid retable (C) an- cited aft, paffed in the twenty-feventh year of his Majefty’s reign ; nexed to that and the exporters of any cambricks or French lawns, on which adt, &c.	the duties charged by this aft fhall have been paid, fhall be en-

titled, on the due exportation thereof, to fuch drawbacks as are deferibed and fet forth to be allowed on the like goods, in the faid table marked (C), annexed to the faid recited aft : provided but if not im- neverthelefs, that nothing in this aft fhall extend, or be conftrued

ported in Bri- to extend, to permit or allow, during the time limited by this *:n-> u..;u	1	Z	r.	r	7	.	.	,	_	71	J .

acr, tne importation of any cambricks or French lawns, other

than in I?n7//7>~ built fhips or veffels, owned, navigated, and re-

giftered, according to law, being of the burthen of fixty tons or

upwards, and other than in bales, cafes, or boxes, covered with

fack cloth or canvas, each of which bales, cafes, or boxes, fhall

contain one hundred whole pieces, or two hundred demi or half

pieces, of cambricks or French lawns ; and in cafe any cambricks

or French lawns fhall be imported in any other way, form, or

manner, or in any lefs quantity, the fame fhall and are hereby

declared to be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer

r , . , . or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms.

ported	HI*	And	it	further	enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

portation and the importers or proprietors of any cambricks or French lawns, warehoufed, which fhall have been imported into Great Britain for exporta-be hereafter^ t'on* an<^ lodged according to lav/ in a warehoufe belonging to imported,may ^1S Majefty, or which fhall, after the pafting of this aft, be law-be received fully fo imported, fhall, after the pafting of this aft, be at liberty, into the cuf- to take and receive the fame into their own cuftody and poffef-im^orter^un ^lon’ *mPorters or proprietors firft making a regular entry deicertain^e- °f all fuch cambricks or French lawns with the proper officer of gulations. the cuftoms, and paying fuch duty for the faine as cambricks and

French

tifh-built fhips, &c. to be forfeited.

 

543

1794*3 Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGH III. c. 50.

French lawns are by this aft made fubjeft and liable to; and the faid duties of cuftoms hereby impoled, and the drawbacks thereof hereby allowed, (hall and may be reipeftively managed, afcer-tained, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, applied, recovered, and allowed, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this aft, in fuch and the like manner, and in and by any of the ways,

'means, or methods, by which the duties of cuftoms, and the drawbacks thereof impofed and allowed on the like goods by the before-recited a ft, of the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were or might be managed, afcertained, railed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, applied, recovered, and allowed ; and the faid goods fhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, * reftriftions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods were fubjeft and liable to by any aft or afts of parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this aft, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this aft; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any aft or afts of parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this aft, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and direftions therein contained, (unlefs where exprefsly altered by this aft), fhall and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpec-tively applied, praftifed, and put in execution, for and in refpeft of the feveral duties of cuftoms, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms hereby charged and allowed, (as far as the fame are applicable thereto), in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid afts, claufes, pro-vifions, powers, direftions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That fo much of this aft as Continuance relates to the importation and exportation of cambricks and

French lawns from the Auftrian Netherlands^ fhall continue and £0 cambricks® be in force until the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-fion of parliament.

V.	And whereas, by an aft made In the twenty-fourth year of the

reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled,, An aft for the more effectual prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom, it is ■............-~a

other things, enaftedy cThaty from and, after the firft day her one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, if any officers of his Majefty s navy, or in the fervice of the cuftoms or excifey being on Jhorey or going on boardy or being on boardy or returning from on boardy any ftipy boaty or veffief within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom^ or within four leagues from the coafts thereof ft)all be hindered, oppofedy obftruftecl\ or affiaultedy in the due execution of his or their office or dutyy by any person or persons \whatfoevery either in the day time or nighty all and every person or persons fo hindering, oppoftngy oh~ ftrufting, or ajfaultingy the faid officer or officers, in the due exc-

N n 4	cuthn

, amongii

of Ofto- *4 Geo* 3*

J	/•.	n	a	“I

officer

. feff. a. c. 47*

 

cut ion of bis or their duty, and all fucb as (ball aft in his or their aid or affiftance,, Jhall and may be carried land conveyed before one or more of his Majefys jufices of the peace, refiding near to the place where fuch offence Jhall be committed, to be dealt within the manner dire ft ed by the faid aft: and whereas doubts have arifen upon the true meaning of certain parts of the faid recited claufe: be it further ena&ed by the authority a fore faid, That if any officer or officers of his Majefly’s navy, or in the fervice of the cuftoms or excife, being on fhore, or going on board, or

Perfons obit rutting officers of the navy, cuftoms; or excife, in

being on board, or returning from on board, any fhip, boat, or the exercife of veffel, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or

their duty liable to puniffiment

within four leagues from the coafts thereof, or within the difiance herein-after particularly fpecified, fhall be hindered, oppofed, ob-ftructed, or aftaulted, in the due execution of his or their office or duty, by any person or persons whatfoever, either in the day time or night; or if any person or perfons, acting in the aid or affiftance of fuch officer or officers, fhall be fo hindered, oppofed, obftructed, or aflaulted, all and every person or persons fo hindering, oppoiing, obftructing, or aflaulting, the faid officer or officers in the due execution of his or their duty, or fo hindering, oppofing, obftructing, or aflaulting, any other person or perfons, adfing in the aid or affiftance of fuch officer or officers; and alfo all and every person and persons aiding and affifting any fuch person or persons in the commiffion of any fuch offence, fhall and may be carried and conveyed before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch offence fhall be committed, and fuch juftice or juftices fhall, if he or they fee caufe, commit fuch person or persons to the next county gao)^ there to remain until the court of oyer and terminer, great fef-fion, or gaol delivery, or until fuch person {hall be delivered by due courfe of law \ and in cafe an indictment fhal] be'found againft him or them, he or they fhall plead thereto, without having time to travcrfe the fame, as is ulual in cafes of mifdemeanors ; and being duly convicted thereof, fhall, by order of the faid court before whom fuch offender fhall be convicted, be fentenced to hard labour on the river Thames, or other navigable river in that part pf Great Britain called England, for any term not exceeding three years, according to the directions of an act pafled in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to explain and amend the laws relating to the tranfportation, imprifon-ment, and other punijhment, of certain offenders, and as is by the faid act directed for the punilhment of persons convicted of grand larceny \ or fuch court may order fuch offender to be committed to the common gaol or houfe of correction for any term not exceeding three years.

VI.	And whereas, by the faid aft, paffcd in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, for the prevention of fnuggling in jhis kingdom, it is alfo enabled. That all vejjels, belonging in the whole or in part to any of his Majefy s fubjefts, called cutters, luggers.) Jkallops, or wherries, (of what built joever), and all veffejs belonging as aforefaid, of any other defeription, whofo

bottoms

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 50.	545

bottoms are clench work, unlefs they Jhall be fquare rigged, or fitted as Jiloops, with (landing bowfprits; and all veffels belonging as aforefaid,, the length of which Jhall be greater than in the pro-portion of three feet and an half to one foot in breadth; and all J,hips or veffels belonging as aforefaid, armed for reffiance, (other-wife than is therein-after excepted), which. JJjall be found within the limits or difiance therein defcribed, Jhall be forfeited, together with all the goods [if any) which Jhall be laden thereon, and all their guns, tackle, and furniture: and it was by the faid aft provided, That nothing therein contained Jhould extend, or be confirned to extend, to prevent any flnp or veffel.from having on board two car-riage guns of the calibre not exceeding four pounds, and finall arms not exceeding two mujkets for every ten men : be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid recited pro- Claufe 5, oF vifo as extends to permit any cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, 24 Geo. 3. c* fmack, yawl, or boat, herein-after mentioned, to have arms on extends *0** board, fhall, from and after the firfl day of July one thoufand cutters, &c. feven hundred and ninety-four, be and the fame is hereby re-repealed from pealed.	Ju]y *794-

VII.	Arjd be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, From July t, from and after the firfl: day of July one thoufand feven hundred ^794^certain and ninety-four, every cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, fmack, forf^e(j0 J or yawl, belonging in the whole or in part to any of his Majefly’s found within fubjedls, of which the bottom is clench work, unlefs fuch cutter, certain dif-lugger, fhallop, wherry, frnack, or yawl, fhall be fquare rigged, tances*

or fitted with a {landing bowfprit, the heel of which fhall be fixed to the main deck by an iron clafp, fuch clafp to be without bitts, fecurely bolted through the bowfprit and beam of the faid deck, and the faid bowfprit to be {leaved or elevated at leafl two inches in every foot from the flraight line of the range of the deck, and rigged with a fixed flay for the jibb to work upon, which flay fhall be not lefs than a two inch rope for a velfel of twenty tons, and fhall increafe in lize not lefs than half an inch for every other ten tons, and the faid bowfprit to be without any traveller, or other materials, to condudl the jibb out and in upon the faid bowfprit, and without any flying jibb fet thereon, in any manner whatever, which fhall be found or difcovered to have been within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within the distance of four leagues from the coafl thereof, or within the dif-tance herein-after particularly fpecifled, fhall be forfeited, together with all the goods laden thereon, and all her guns, tackle, and furniture.

VIII.	And whereas, by the laius nowin force, veffels found at anchor, or hovering, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coafl thereof or which jhall be difcovered to have been within the faid limits or dfiance, are, under certain circumfiances, fubjeft to forfeiture: and whereas it is expedient, for the better prevention of the clandefiine importation and run-tjing of prohibited goods, and goods liable to duties, to extend the pro-vfions of fuch laws in the manner herein-after expreffed: be it there-fore further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and

after having on

Hosted by v.ooQle

546

board liquors. See. in illegal quantities* See and found ho Tiering within certain limits, to;be forfeited:

affo open boats of cer-Sain, dei’erip-

310 ii.

►	after the fir ft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, if any {hip or veiie!, having on board any brandy or other

* fpirituous liquors, in any veffei or calk which fhali not contain fixty gallons at the leaft (except only for the ufe of the feamen

>	then belonging to and on board fuch flxip or veffei, not exceeding ; two gallons for each feaman), or having on board any wine in

calks, (provided fuch (hip or veil'd having wine on board (hall not exceed fixty tons burthen), or having on board fix pounds weight of tea, or twenty pounds weight of coffee,, or.having on board any tobacco or fnuff, which, taken together or Separately* {hall exceed one hundred pounds weight, or having on board any goods whatfoever liable to forfeiture by any a6l off parliament upon being imported into Great Britain, {hall be found at anchor, or hovering, or {hall be difeovered to have been within the limits or diftance herein-after'particularly mentioned, described, and fet forth; (that is to fay). Within a fuppofed ffraight line from JValney I ft and, in the county of Lancafer, to Great Qrmf-heady in the county of Denbigh; within a fuppofed ffraight line from Burdfey If and, in the county of Carnarvon, to Strwnble Head, in the county of Pembroke ; within a fuppofed ffraight line 1 from The Linardy in the county of Cornwall, to The Pratt, in the county of Devon ; within a fuppofed ffraight line from The Pralf in the county of Devony to The Bill of Portland\ in the county of Dor jet; within a fuppofed ffraight line from Cromer, in the county of Norfolk, to The Spurn Plead, in the county of York; within a fuppofed ffraight line from Flamborough Head, in the county of Yorky to The Staples, in the county of Northumberland $ within a fuppofed ffraight line from The Mull of G allow ay y in Scotland., to the point of Yyre, in The Ijle of Man; fuch fhip or veffei not proceeding on her voyage, (wind and.weather permitting), un-lefs in cafe of unavoidable neceffi-ty and diftrefs of weather, (of which, neceffity and diftrefs the mailer, or other person having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veffei, (hall give notice and make proof before the collector, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, of any port within the limits of which fuch {hip or veffei {brail be found, immediately after the arrival of fuch fhip or veffei within the limits of fuch port); then not only all fuch goods, but alfo the {hip or veffei on board which they fhali be found as aforefaid, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition* tackle, and apparel, fhali be forfeited.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That* from arid after the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, in cafe any open boat which fhali be built for rowing or failing, or for rowing and failing, belonging in, the whole or in part to any of his Majefty’s fubjecls, and being of the length of fourteen feet, and under the length of eighteen feet* to be meafured by a ffraight line from the fore part of the ftem, to the aft fide of the tranfum or ftern poll: aloft, and the depth of which fhali be greater than in the proportion of one inch and one quarter of an inch to every foot in length, fuch depth to be taken hom the upper part of the plank next the keel3 to the top of the

upper

 

1794'] Anno regni tricelimo quarto Georgii III. c. 50.	547.

upper ftrake, whether fuch upper ftrake {hall be fixed to the boat, or {hall be ufed as a loofe or {hifting wafji ftrake, fhall be found either upon the water within any port of the kingdom of Great Britain, or member or creek thereof, or within four leagues of the coaft of Great Britain, or within the diftance herein particularly defcribed, or in any place upon land in Gr$at Britain, fuch open boat fhall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, unlefs fuch boat fhall have plank of three quarters of an inch thick, and her timbers one inch and an half fquare, and not more than nine inches distant from timber to timber; and if any fuch boat by this act de-dared to be forfeited fhall be found on board, or fhall belong to they fhall beany cutter, lugger, {hallop, wherry, fmack, or yawl, fuch cut- long, ter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, fmack, or yawl fhall alfo be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority

aforefaid, That nothing in this ad contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fubjedt to forfeiture any boat commonly	wiac

called A Wbale Boat, belonging to any fhip or veffel, employed

in the fifheries carried on to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streigbtsy or in any fifhery to the fouthward thereof, which fhall not be employed or made ufe of in any way whatever but in the faid fifheries, and which, after the return of the faid fhip or veffel to any port of this kingdom, fhall be laid up out of ufe, according to the laws now in force for the regulation of the faid fifheries.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, From July ** from and after the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred &c94f0underS* and ninety-four, if any cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, fmack, within certain yaw], or boat, belonging in the whole or in part to any of his limits, having Majefty’s fubjeds, fhall be found or difeovered to have been on board arnis within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within tion without

"the diftance of four leagues from the coaft thereof, or within the licence, to be diftance herein particularly defcribed, having on board any arms forfeited, or ammunition whatever, except by licence from the lord high admiral or the commiffioners of the admiralty for the time being, as herein-after mentioned, every fuch cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, fmack, yawl, or boat, fhall be forfeited, together with all the goods, (if any), which fhall be laden thereon, and all her guns, tackle, and furniture, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife: provided always, That this ad fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, Exception* to any fhip or veffel on a voyage from any part of America, or the Eajl or IVejl Indies, or Africa, or the Mediterranean, lb as to fubjed the fame to forfeiture for having fpirits, tea, coffee, or tobacco or fnuff, on board; nor to forfeit any cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, fmack, yawl, or boat, belonging to or employed in the fervice of his Majefty’s navy, vidualling office, ordnance, cuftoms, excife, or poft office; nor to any fuch veffel as aforefaid, or lighter which fhall be ufed folely on any rivers, canals, or inland navigations ; nor to any cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry,

fmack..

 

54-8 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 50. [1794.''

fmack, yaw!, or boat whatever, the owner of which (hall have a licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britain* or the com- 1 mifiioners of the admiralty for the,time being, or any person au-thorifed by them to grant the fame, fuch licence being obtained and entered agreeably to the faid recited a£f of the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty, and being adtually on board fuch cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, fmack, yawl, or boat, at the time of her being detained or examined by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and produced to him or them, on demand, during fuch detention or examination; nor to fubjedl to forfeiture any fhip or vefTel for having arms or ammunition on board which fhall have been regularly entered and cleared at any ctiftom houfe in any of his Majefty’s dominions, as merchandize or for the ufe of his Majefty’s (lores or garrifons, and which fhall be regularly (lowed in the hold of luch fhip or vefl'el ; nor to forfeit any cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, lmack, yawl, or boat, which fhall bona fide be wholly and iolely employed in the cod, herring, mackerel, or other fifheries, carried on from Great Bri-tainy and fhall have on board a fufficient quantity of hooks and lines, or nets, for properly carrying on the faid fifheries refpec-tively, and fhall clear out at fome port in Great Britain for fuch fifheries refpedtively.

Forfeitures XII, And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That covered,any cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, fmack, yawl, boat, or goods, according to forfeited and feized by virtue or under the authority of this a61* recited a6t of fhall and maybe profecuted, and the forfeitures thereupon re-34 Geo. >	covered	and applied, in like manner as	any other veffels are or

may be	profecuted, and	the forfeitures	thereupon recovered and

applied, by virtue of the faid recited adt of the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty.

XIII. And whereas by an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu 29 Geo. 3. c. thereof, it is amongf	other things enaCtedy That no tobacco,

$8, recited; ftther manufactured^ or unmanufactured, after the fame Jhall have been Jhipped for exportation in or on board any fhip or veffeL in pursuance and according to the directions of the faid aCty fhall be unfhipped for any purpofe whatever, or fall be relanded in this kingdom	(unlefs in cafe	of neceffty or dijlrefs, to

fave the ftnp and goods from perijhing) under certain forfeitures in the faid a Cl mentioned-y which provifon hath been found in-fufficient to prevent the fraudulent relanding of fuch tobacco: snd from july'be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and 2, j 794' per- after the firfi: day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-Sng,l&c .to- four, all and every person or persons who fhall unfhip or re-land, hacco fhipped or caufe or procure to be unfhipped or re-landed, any fuch.to-for exporta- bacco, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the laid recited 11°neto°tofbr^	or w^° affixing or otherwife concerned in fuch un-

tt-i-V treble the fhipping or relanding the fame, or to whofe hands the fame fhall value, &c. knowingly come after fuch unfhipping or relanding thereof, over and above all other penalties and forfeitures, fhall forfeit treble

the

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c* 51;	549

the value of fuch tobacco, to be eftimated at the beft and higheft price which tobacco of the beft quality (hall fell for in London at the time when fuch forfeiture {hall be incurred; and if any proprietor, confignor* or confignee^ of fuch tobacco^ or the maftef, or any other person belonging to or on board any fuch fhip or veflel, in or on board which any fuch tobacco {hall have been fo {hipped for exportation, {hall aftift in or connive at fuch unfliip-ping or relanding any fuch tobacco, every fuch proprietor, con-iignor, or confignee, mafter, or other perfon, (over and above all other penalties and forfeitures), {hall, for every fuch offence* forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

CAP. LI.

An aft for granting to his Majefy certain duties of cuftoms, on fate, fone, and marble.—[May 9, 1794.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s pub-lick expences, and making fuch permanent addition to the pub-lick revenue, as {hall be adequate to the increafed charge occa-fioned by any loan to be railed, or ftock to be created, by virtue of any aft or afts for that purpofe, paffed or to be paffed in this feftion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty, the feveral cuftom duties herein mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth From July ^ day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, there f9^9 {hall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, unto and for the ufe to^paid-^* of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefl'ors, the duties of cuftoms For Britilh herein mentioned; that is to fay; On all {late and ftone of the flate and ftone p-roduftion of Great Britain, (except as herein-after is provided),	co^~

which {hall be brought coaftwife by fea, from any port or place cen^ of* the** within the kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port, or to value, any place within the limits of any other port within the faid kingdom, a duty of twenty pounds for every one hundred pounds, of the true and real value thereof; which duty {hall be paid by the proprietor or proprietors, or confignee or confignees, in ready money, to the colleftor of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the port or place where fuch goods {hall be intended to be landed, and before the fame, or any part thereof, {hall be unfhipped.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, Prefent duties from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred oa Hate and and ninety-four, the duties of cuftoms now payable on fiate and j^one ^ t ftone, (being of the produftion of the jft ands of Gucrnfcy, Jerfey, &c.\o ceale, Alderney, Sari? and Man, or either of them), (hall ceafe, deter- and aol. per

mine, cent. ot the

550 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Geo&gii III. c. 51. [1794;

value to be mine, and be no longer paid or payable* and that indead and in paid on its im-j{eu thereof, there (hall be railed, levied, collefted, and paid, &reatBritSn> unto h*s Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, on all (late and ftone, of the production of the faid ifl-ands o{ Gmrnfeyy Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or either of them, which (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feveri hundred and ninety-four, a duty of cuftoms of twenty pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof; which duty (hall be paid in ready money to the collector of his Majefty’s cuftoms, at the port where the fame (hall be fo imported, although fuch (late or ftone may be accompanied with a certificate or other document, afcer-taining that fuch goods are of the production of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man refpeCtively; any law} cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding,

Value to be III, And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That afcertainedac- the value of (late or ftone according to which the duties by this ^^Geo t0 c a<^ imP°fed are to be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, (hall be ’ 3* # afcertained according to the true and real value and price thereof, on (hipboard, at the port and place where the fame (hall be brought for the purpofe of being landed, by the declaration of the importer, proprietor, or confignee, in fuch manner and form, and under all or any or either of fuch rules, regulations, and reftric-tions, (fo far as the fame are applicable and can be. put in execution), as are directed to be obferved in cafes of goods fubjeft to duty according to the value thereof, by an aft, paffed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An ah for repealing the feveral duties of cujloms and excifey and granting other duties in lieu thereofy and for applying'the faid dutieSy together with the other duties compofmg the publick revenue; for per-miffing the importation of certain goodsy waresy and merchandizey the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French kingy into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequery for the payment of annuities on livesy to the reduction of the national debt; and all the powers and authorities contained in the faid aft, fo far as they relate to goods fub-je6b to duty according to the value thereof, (hall be extended and applied to the goods, for or in refpeft whereof a duty is impofed by this aft, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

Duties to be IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That under the ma-t^e pa*Icj duties fhall be under the management of the commit--the comm if- h°ners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpec-iioners of cuf- tively, and the fame (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, paid, and toms.	recovered, in fuch and the like manner, and by fuch and the like

ways, means, methods, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, (fo far as the fame are applicable and can be put in execution), as any duties of cuftoms on goods imported, or on goods brought coaftwife, may now by law be raifed, levied, collefted, paid, and recovered, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as

 

1794*] Anno regni tticefimo quarto GeoRGH til. c.	551

if the feveral claufes, provilions, powers, and authorities, re-lating thereto were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

Vo And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Slate or ftone If any Hate or (tone, on which duties are refpeftively impofed by unfhipped be-this aft, fliall be unfhipped out of any fhip or vefTel in which the fore entry, fame fhali be brought into any port of Great Britain, before a e or " regular entry-fhali be made thereof, and the duties hereby impofed fhali be paid according to the directions of this act, or if the faid goods fhali be landed without the prefence of the proper officer of the cuftoms, the fame fhali be forfeited and loft, and fhali and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and one moiety thereof, after condemnation of the fame, fhali be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who fhali fue or profecute for the fame.

VI.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft fhali extend, or be Certain goods conftrued to extend, to charge with the duties impofed by this aft not chargeable the following goods being of the production of Great Britain; ^rtain^coudi videlicet, any marble, lime, ftone, or iron ftone whatever, or any tions. ftone cut or manufadtured into mill ftones, grind (tones, or whet ftones, or either of them, or any ftone manufactured or converted into pofts and caps for coniftacks or mowfteads, troughs, gate polls, or other articles ufed for the purposes of hufbandry, or any growan ftone, or ftone commonly called or known by the name of China Stone, or any other ftone to be ufed in the manufacture of porcelain or of pottery, provided the fame fhali be accompanied with the ufual coaft difpatches, as in cafe of goods carried coaftwife free of duty, and that the proprietor or proprietors, or confignee or confignees thereof, (hall, previous to the fame being unfhipped or landed from on board the fhip or veffel in which the fame (hall have been brought coaftwife, make, with the proper officer of the cuftoms at the port or place where the fame fhali be brought coaftwife, a regular entry of fuch goods, and fhali make oath thereon before the faid officer, who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame, that fuch goods are intended for the purpofes above-mentioned and no other ; and if fuch China Penalty for ap-Stone, or any other ftone, to be ufed in the manufafture of porce-lain or of pottery, fhali afterwards be applied to other ufes or p0rce]ain, see* purpofes, the fame fhali be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized to other ufes. by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and the owner or proprietor thereof fhali forfeit for every ton weight thereof the fum of twenty (hillings, one moiety of which fliall be to the ufe of the person who fliall give information thereof, and the other moi- Britifti flate ety to the officer who fhali fue for the fame; provided alfo that ^^orVto^ this aft fhali not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge exported, not with the duties impofed by this aft, any flate of the produftion chargeable o( Great Britain, which fhali be brought into any port of this with duty, on-kingdom for the foie purpofe of being exported from fuch port to certain con-parts beyond the Teas; provided the proprietor or proprietors, or ai 10nb* confignee or confignees thereof, fhali, previous to the fame being

unfhipped

 

55 2

Anno regfii tricefinio quarto Georgii III. c* 51; [1794;

Penalty for tiling fuch flate in Great Britain without paying duty, <Scc.

Value of flate or ftone exempted from duty to be afeertained as that liable to duty.

Aft not to re* quire mafters of veffels carrying flate or ftone co.ift-wife or fhip-pers to give bond, or take out other document than what was required before piffling it.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer and carried to the confoli-dated fund.

unfhipped or landed from on board the (hip or veffel in which the fame (hall have been brought coaftwife, make, with the proper officer of the cuftoms, at the port or place where the fame (hall be brought coaftwife, a regular entry of fuch goods, and (hall make oath thereon before the faid officer, who is hereby authorised and required to adminifter the fame, that fuch (late is really and bona fide intended to be fo exported to parts beyond the feas ; and if fuch date (hall afterwards be ufed in this kingdom, the owner or proprietor thereof, not having firft paid the duty for the fame as impofed by this a£t on date brought coaftwife, fuch date {hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the euftoms, and the owner or proprietor thereof {hall forfeit for every ton weight thereof the fum of twenty (hillings, one moiety of which (hall be to the ufe of the person who (hall give information thereof, and the other moiety to the officer who (hall fue for the fame; or any date, the value of which ("as it is on fnipboard at the port or place where the fame fhall be intended to be landed) (hall not exceed the fum of twenty (hillings the ton ; or any ftone, the value of which as^ aforefaid fhall not exceed the fum of fix (hillings the ton: provided neverthelefs that the fame (hall be accompanied with the ufual coaft difpatches, as in cafe of goods carried coaftwife free of duty, and (hall be regularly entered and landed.

VII.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, That the value of the date or ftone fo exempted from duty as aforefaid, (hall be ascertained by the declaration of the proprietor or con-fignee in Juch and the like manner, and that fuch goods (hall be fubjecl to fuch and the like rules, regulations, and reftridlions, penalties, and forfeitures, (except as to the payment of duty), and the officers of the euftoms inverted with fuch and the like powers and authorities as to fuch goods as are directed to be obferved, and pradtifed, and applied, with regard to (late and ftone on which a duty is by this add impofed.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this act (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to require the mafter of any veffel, in or on board of which any flate or ftone (hall be (hipped, to be carried coaftwife by fea from any port or place within this kingdom, to any other port or place within the fame, or the owners or (hippers of any fuch flate or ftone to give any bond for the due landing thereof, or to take out any coquet or other document on account thereof, except fuch fufferance, warrant, permit, or tranfire, as was required by law for the (hipping or carrying coaftwife of the like goods at and immediately before the paffing of this adl; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enadfed, That all the monies from time to time ariling by the feveral duties by this adl impofed as aforefaid, (the neceffary charges of raifmg and accounting for the fame refpedlively excepted), (hall, from and after the paffing of this acl, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at IVeftminJhr \ and the (aid money, fo paid into the exchequer,

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 52.

chequer as aforefaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund,

X.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the andto be

monies arifing or to arife of the feveral rates or duties hereby	^

granted, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient, fliail be deemed the revenue an addition made to the revenue for the purpofe of defraying the for defraying increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or ftock created increafed or to be created by virtue of any a£l or adls palled or to be paffed	this1^

in this feffion of parliament; and that the laid monies {hall, during feffion, &c. the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues ; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of

the aduitor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament for the purpofe of defraying fuch en~ creafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccef-fors, upon any account whatever.

XI.	And whereas Jlanding contracts ?nay have been made before the fifth day of July one tboufand feuen hundred and ninety-four, by the importers or proprietors of fate or Jlone, for or in refpeCi whereof a duty is by this ad impofed, for ferving persons zuith fuch fate and

Jlone, or either of thofe ar'ticles^ reffectively to be delivered in point of time after the fifth day of July one tboufand feven hundred and ninety-four \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, Duties maybe from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred ad.^ecit(? and ninety-four, the importers or proprietors of fuch Hate and £nd fame 3 ^ ftone for or in refpedt whereof a duty is by this acf impofed, or contracted for either of thofe articles refpe&ively, which {hall be delivered after prior to and the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, n.ot delivered in purfuance of fuch contracts, {hall be allowed to add the duties tl * ter hereby charged upon fuch Hate and ftone, or either of thofe arti-cles refpe&ively, and {hall be entitled by virtue of this aft to be paid the fame accordingly.

CAP. LII.

An aft for paving, and otherwife improving, the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.—[April 4, 1794.]

Commiffioners names. Firft meeting of commiffioners to be on the fourteenth of May, 1794 Publick notice of meetings to be given. Commiffi* oners to1 meet themonday aftei Candlemas-day annually, to fettle accounts. A chairman to be appointed, who fhall have the calling vote. Commiffioners to appoint officers. Officers to account. Power to purchafe and take down houfes, See. Perfons interefted in houfes, &c. impowered to fell. Upon refufal to treat, damages to be fettled by a jury at the quarter feffions for the county. On payment of purchafe money, premifes to be conveyed. For taking and removing the pound. Commiffioners to take down houfes, and lay the feites into the ftreets. Commiffioners may fell land not wanted for the purpofes of this aft. Tenants at rack rent/ and occupiers of any premiles, purchafed by the commiffioners, to give up poffidfion thereof on fix months notice. Commiffioners to pave the ftreets, VOL. XXXIX.	Oo	*	&c.

Anno regni trice G mo qua to Georgn III. c. 53. [1794.

Sec. Surveyors may dig and take materials in any wade, Sec. and out of private grounds, making fatisfadtion for the fame; and in cafe of difference, damages to he fettled at the quarter feflions. Surveyors not to carry away materials out of private grounds without giving notice to the occupier. Commiflioners may contract for paving, See. Forty Ihillings penalty on persons damaging the works, &c. A rate of fix-pence in the pound to be laid on houfes, Sec. Occupiers who are tenants at rack rent to be allowed rates by their landlord. Commiflioners may eredt gates within one mile of the town, and take the following tolls: For a coach, See. and fix horfes, fix-pence. For a coach and four hOrfes, four-pence halfpenny. For a coach and two horfes, three-pence. For a chaife drawn by one horfe, one penny halfpenny. For a waggon, See. with five or more horfes, fix-pence. For a waggon with four horfes, four-pence halfpenny. For a cart with two or three horfes, three pence. For a cart with one horfe, one-penny halfpenny. For every horfe, See. laden or unladen, one halfpenny. For oxen, cows, See. five-pence per fcore. For calves, fheep, Sec. twopence halfpenny per fcore. Tolls payable but once a day. Exemptions from tolls. Tolls may be leffened. Twenty (hillings penalty on evading tolls. Power to let tolls. Commiflioners may borrow fix thoufand pounds on rates and tolls. Materials, &c. veiled in the commiflioners. Commiflioners to have the direction of the town lake. To remove ob-ftmetions, Sec. Tenants paying expeaces of removing obftrudlions, may dedudt the fame out of their rent. Five pounds penalty for nuifances in the ftreets. Ten (hillings penalty for leaving carriages in the ftreets. Sec. but not to affcdt holding fairs or markets. Adtions to be brought in the name of the clerk. Proceedings of commiflioners to be entered in a book. Recovery of penalties. Appeal. Limitation of adtions. General iffue. Treble cods. Saving the rights of the corporation and lords of the manor of Tiverton. Publick adt.

CAP. LIII.

An adt for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from and out of the canal of fir John Ramfden, baronet, at or near the town of Hudderf-field, in the weft riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the canal navigation from Manchefter to or near Afhton under Line and Oldham, at or near the town of Alhton under Line aforefaid, in the county palatine of Lancaster.—[April 4, 1794.]

Proprietors names. Incorporated by the name of “The Huddersfield Canal Company.'* The canal to be called “The Huddersfield Canal." Power to make rollers or inclined planes. Sec. Houfes and gardens pot to be injured, except fuch as are mentioned. Plan and book of reference to be authenticated by the fpeaker of the Houfe of Commons. Power to deviate one hundred yards from the line laid down in the plan.' Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obltnidt making the canal. Reiervoirs to be made to contain 20,000 locks of water. Company not to take any water from the rivers near the line of the canal, except in times of flood. For afeertatning the quantity of water neceflary for the ufe of mills. Company to appoint four agents to regulate the taking water, Sec. Jullices at the feflions may remove agents for neglect of duty, &c. and appoint otfiers. Company to repair damage done to the channels and ivorks made for the prefervation of the mill waters. Perfons interefted in the waters, liable to be afFedted by the canal, to have accefs to the works. Diredting what ihall be done, in cafe the water in Brun Clough and Red Brook Valleys (hall be diminilhed by making the tunnel. Power for company to remove wiers, Sec. How the water (hall be conveyed from the refervoirs into the canal. Canal to be made northerly of French's mill. Company to lay a trunk under the canal in Mr. Savile’s eftate, at Golcar. Company to make a lock at the jundtion of this canal with fir John Ramfden *s canal. This adt not to aftedt the rights granted to fir John Ramfden by an adt 14 Geo. 3.0. 13. No rates to be paid to fir John Ramfden for goods navigated from this canal to his navigation warehoufes. Power for tue company to maintain navigable that part of fir John Ramfden’s canal,

 

1^94 ] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. S3*

lying between this canal and his navigation warehoufes, in cafe fir John Ramlcien negle&s fo to do. Boats from this canal not to be navigated further down fir John Ramfden's canal tlnn Red Doles Lock, without his confent. For fecuring to fir John Ramlden a compenfation for any damage occafioned to his income by the decreafe of the warehoufing and wharfage of goods in his warehoufes or on his wharfs. Breadth of canal and towing paths to be thirty yards. Where roads are injured others to be made. No buildings to be eredted on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politick, &c. impowered to fell and convey lands. Lands feparated into fmall parcels may be exchanged or fold. Pieces of land cut off, being Ids than half an acre, or lefs than twenty yards in breadth, fhall be purchafed by the company, if required. Compelling the company to purchafe pieces of land feparated by the canal, or to make a communication by bridges. For preferving copyhold rights. Satisfaction to be made for lands, &c. If parties cannot agree, price to be fettled by commiffioners or a jury. Yearly rents charged on the rates. Commiffion-ers for fettling differences. Notice to be given of meeting of commiffioners. On application of the company or land owners commiffioners to meet. Commiffioners to meet at Huddersfield, Marfden, Saddlefworth, or Alhton under Line, or within one mile of the canal. Proceedings of commiffioners to be entered in a book, and a clerk appointed. Expences of commiffioners and juries. Notice of injury to be given to the company before complaint to the co^nmiffioners. Verdidt of value of lands and damages to be afeertained feparately. Perfons guilty of perjury may be profecuted. Vcrdidts to be recorded, and lands vefted in the company. Purchafe' money belonging to corporations to be laid out to the fame ufes. Commiffioners to fettle proportion of the money to be paid to the feveral persons interefted. Compenfation to be paid for tythes. For paying off mortgages on lands ufed for navigation. Satisfaction to be made by annual rent where the title is doubtful. Mines, See. referved to lords of manors and land owners. Mines, &c. not to be worked to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents to enter mines to view the works. Proprietors may raife one hundred and eighty four thoufand pounds, to be divided into one thoufand eight hundred and forty fhares, of one hundred pounds each, and fhares to be numbered and deemed perfonal eftates. Names of proprietors to be entered in a book, and tickets of their fhares delivered to them. Subfcribers to have a vote for every ffiare, and no person more than five votes nor five proxies. Proprietors may raife by mortgage ninety thoufand pounds more, if neceffiary.' intereft of money borrowed, to he paid in preference to the dividends, or may be fixed for at law. Mortgagees not to vote. Firft general affiembly to be on the twenty-fixth of June, 1794, and a committee to be eleCted. General affemblies for chooling committees to confift of two hundred fhares. Affiemblies of proprietors may be fpecially convened on twenty one days notice. Officers to t>e appointed. Powers of the committee for making calls. Subfcribers to have notice before their fhares are forfeited. Committee to be under the controul of general affiemblies. Books of accounts to be kept. On the death of iubferibers before fhares completed, executors may complete the fame. Shares may be difpofed of. Rates of tonnage. For every ton of dung, gravel, Ac. which fhall not pafs through any lock, one halfpenny per mile; but paffing through a lock, three halfpence per mile. For every ton of ftone, lime, coal, &c. which fhall not pafs through any lock, one penny per mile ; but paffing through any lock, two-pence per mile. For every ton of timber, goods, merchandize, &c. three-pence per mile. And for every ton of ftone, lime, coals, timber, merchandize, &c. which fhall pafs through the tunnel, to be made on the fummit level of the canal, over and above the rates aforefaid, one Dulling and fix-pence. Canal to be meafured, and ftones fet up. Recovery of rates. Rates may be altered. Payment of wharfage, three-pence per ton for ten days, and one halfpenny a day after. Company empowered to leafe the rates. Mafters of boats to give an account in writing of particulars of lading. Forty cuffic feet of oak, afh, elm, or beech timber, or fifty cubic feet of fir, or deal, poplar, or other wood, fhall be deemed as one ton weight, and one hundred and twenty pounds avoirdupois, to be deemed one hundredweight. If any

Ooi	difference

Hosted by

556 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1794.

difference concerning weights, calle&ors may weigh or meafure boats, &c* Navigation to be free upon payment of rates. Veflels under fifteen or ten tons, not to pais locks without confent of the company. Regulations of veflels palling locks. Lock keepers, &c. giving any preference, to forfeit forty {hidings. Mailers to put their names on the out fide of their boats. Weight of the lading of veflels to be marked, and veflels to be gauged. Matters or owners of boats anfwerable for damages. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. Drains to be made to convey water from the land adjoining the canal, and watering places for cattle. For fencing off t<nving paths, and making bridges, &c. The company liable to be indi&ed at common law, for not making Hone or brick bridges over the canal, or not repairing them, and to pay cofts. Juftices at fefllons to determine what bridges (hall be made. Swivel and draw bridges to be (hut and fattened after veflels (hall have patted through them, on penalty of not more than five pounds nor lefs than forty fhillings. In cafe the company do not fence off the towing paths and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company’s expence. Lords of manors and land owners may erect wharehoufes, &c. on their lands, and if not done within twelve months after notice, the company may build. Three-pence per ton for ten days, and one halfpenny a day after to be paid for wharfage on private wharfs. Company of proprietors or other persons not to ufe exclufively private wharfs. Owners of mines may make railways for conveying coals, &c. to the canal. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal. Company of proprietors or committee to regulate the navigation. Perfons overloading and obftru&mg the navigation, or opening locks, &c. to forfeit not more than five pounds, nor lefs than forty fhillings. Canal not to be under the power of commiflioners of fewers, and how to be rated. Rights of fifhery referved. Land owners may ufe pleafure boats. To compel payment of fubferiptions. Majority of proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. For indemnifying the navigations of the Aire and Calder, the Calder and Hebble, and fir John Ramfden’s canal. Recovery of forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in diftrefs to recover fpecial damages. Damages not provided for to be fettled by commiflioners. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Appeal. Limitation of a&ions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.

CAP. LIV.

An aft to unpower his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch persons as bis Majefty Jhall fufpeft are conjpiring agalnji his person and go-vernment.—- [May 23, 1794.]

Preamble, TTTllERE AS a traitorous and deteflable confpiracy has been V V formed for fubverting the exijling laws and coriftitution, and for introduing the fyjhm of anarchy and confufion which has fo fatally prevailed in Franee: therefore, for the better prefervation of his Majejlfs faered perfon, and for fecuring the peace and the laws and liberties of this kingdom ; be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Per fans mi-	aflembled, and by the authority pf the fame, That every perfon

prifoned for	or persons that are or (hall be in prifon within the kingdom of

may be* ^reat ^riitan at or upon the day on which this aft (hall receive detained till bis Majefty’s royal aflent, or after, by warrant of his faid Majefty’s Feb. £,1795, moft honourable privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council, for high tfeafon, fufpicion of high treafon, or treafonable praftices, or by warrant, figned by any of his Majefty’s fecretaries

of

557

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III, c, 55*

of ftate, for fuch caufes as aforefaid, may be detained in fafe cof-tody, without bail or mainprize, until the firft day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five; and that no judge or juftice of the peace fhall bail or try any fuch p^rfon or persons fo committed, without order from his faid Majefty’s privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council, till the faid firfi day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five; any law or fiatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Aft in Scot -the aft made in Scotland in the year of our Lord one thoufand reventtii feven hundred and one, (intituled, An aft for preventing wrongous wrongous ini-imprifonment, and againjl undue delays in trialsj, in fo far as the fame prifcnment,fo may be conftrued to relate to cafes of treafon and fufpicion of tar as may re^ treafon, be fufpended until the faid firft day of February one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-five; and that until the faid day penned till no judge, juftice of peace, or other officer of the law in Scotland, Feb, 1,1795, fhall liberate, try, or admit to bail, any person or persons that is, &c. are, or fhall be, in prifon within Scotland, for fuch caufes as aforefaid, without order from his faid Majefty’s privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council: provided always. That, from and after the faid firfi: day of February one thoufand feven hundred and nine-five, the faid persons fo committed fhall have the benefit and advantage of all laws and fiatutes any way relating to or providing for the liberty of the fubjefts of this realm, and that this prefent aft fhall continue until the faid firfi: day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, and no longer.

III.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing in this Privileges of aft fhall be conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient rights and privileges of parliament, or to the imprifonment or detaining this adt. ^	*

of any member of either houfe of parliament during the fitting of fuch parliament, until the matter of which he fiands fufpefted be firfi: communicated to the houfe of which he is a member, and the confent of the faid houfe obtained for his commitment or detaining.

CAP. LV.

An aft for faving to his Majefy the duty of new fubfidy on tabacco, imported into that fl/'Great Britain called Scotland.—[May 23*

I794-]

WHEREAS by an aft, made and paffed in the firfi year of Preamble, his Majejly s reign, (intituled, An aft for the fupport of his j Qea Majefty’s houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of th$ crown c. 1. of Great Britainj, the hereditary revenues of the crown, and other revenues granted to his late majejly King George the Second, for defraying the expences of his Majefiy7s civil government, were made part of the aggregate fund, and a certain revenue granted out of the faid fund to his Majejly during his life ; but by the faid oft it is provided and enafted, That the feveral and refpeftive duties and revenues which were payable to his late majefiy King George the Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during his lifer

O o 3	Jhall

 

55$ Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [1794;

Jball	continued,	raifid,	levied, and paid\ during the life of his prefent

Majefly, /Vz the fame manner only,	jubjeft to the fame or the like

charges thereon, as the fame were liable or Jubjeft to during his faid 6$°°'	^aie Ma 'jefty s life : and whereas by another aft, made and pajfed in the

twenty-ninth year of his Majefly" s reign, (intituled, An a£t for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof), it was enafted. That, from and after the tenth day of O&ober one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, the duties upon tobacco imported into Great Britain, impofed by the aft therein recited, and the drawbacks thereby allowed upon exportation thereof from Great Britain, together with the duties by the faid recited aft impofed upon fnuff fo imported, Jhould ceaje and determine ; and that, from and after the faid day, in lieu and injhad of the faid duties and drawbacks thereby repealed, there Jhould be raijed, levied, collected, and Paid, the feveral duties of cufloms and excife, in the faid aft Jpecially enumerated and put down ; and it is thereby enafted. That all the monies arifing by the duties by the faid aft impofed (the neceffary charges of raifmg and accounting for the fame excepted) jhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefly s exchequer at Weftminfter, and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, Jhall be carried to, and made part of the fund called The Confolidated Fund : and whereas the duties and revenues which were payable to his late majefy King George the Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and arifing from the importation of tobacco and fnuff, tobacco Jlalks, tobacco Jlalk flour, or fnuff work, as well as all other goods and merchandize, ought to be faved, referved, and declared to belong to, and be at the difpofal of his prefent Majejly during his life : therefore, andfor removing all doubts in re-fpeft thereof; be it enacted and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ableTo Geo"	and by the authority of the fame. That the duties and

inScotknd o^n revenues which were payable to his late majefly King George the importation Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and arifing of tobacco, from the importation of tobacco and fnuff, tobacco flalks, to-thnied diir^rT" ^acco A°ur> or fnuff work, as well as all other goods and his Majcity’s merchandize, (hall be continued, raifed, levied, and paid, during life, &c, the life of his prefent Majefty, in the fame manner only, and fub-jedt to the fame or the like charges thereon, as the fame were liable or fubjedl to during his faid late Majefly’s life; any thing in the faid acl of the twenty-ninth of his Majefty to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for extending the time limited by an aft of this feffon for delivering in navy and viftualling bills.—[May 23, 1794 J

Preamble.	*T TT HERE AS by an aft, made in this prefentfeffon of parliament,

34 Geo. 2. VV intituled. An adl for granting annuities to fatisfy certain c. ax, recited, navy and victualling bills; and for providing for the regular payment of all navy and victualling bills that fhall be iffued in future,

all

 

and navy and viftualfing bills mentioned therein may be received at the navy office. See. till July i, 1794-

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57,58.	559

all persons interejled in, or entitled unto, certain navy and victualling bills in the feid aft mentioned., were enabled, at any time before the twelfth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety four^ to fubferibe the faid bills in the manner direfted by the faid aft : and whereas it is neceffciry to give further time to fuch persons as have been prevented from fubferibing their navy and victualling bills zuithin the time before .mentioned; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the officers of the navy, and victualling offices refpeftively, and the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, or his paymafter or cafhier, at any time or times before the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, (hall, and he and they is and are hereby autborifed, impowered, and required, to accept and take in from any person or persons any fuch navy or victualling bills as (hall be offered to them, and to compute the intereft and mark the fame, and to make forth fuch certificate or certificates as are directed by the faid at; and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorifed and impowered to give credit for fuch ftock and annuities as fuch person or persons would have been entitled to in refpeft of fuch bills, in cafe fuch bills had been delivered into fuch office or offices before the faid twelfth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for further continuing an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An aft to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.—[May 33, 1794.]---Continued until June 1, 1796.

CAP. LVIII.

Aji aft to prevent the removal of Juits from the inferior courts in the county palatine of Lancafter, into the court of common pleas of the faid county palatine. — [May 23, 1794.]

WHEREAS great mifehiefs have art fen from the facility ^Preamble.

removing caufes of[mail value from the inferior courts in the county palatine of Lancafter, into the court of common pleas of the faid county palatine ; for remedy whereof be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, bv and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from No execution and after the paffing of this aft, no execution (hall be ftayed or beftayed delayed upon or by any writ of falfe judgment, or fuperfedeas thereon, to be filed for the reverfing of any judgment given or to ment, See. in be given in any inferior court within the county palatine of Lan- any inferior cafter, where the debt or damages are under ten pounds, unlefs court I? the fuch person or persons in whofe name or names fuch writ of falfe ^certain * judgment {hall be brought, with two fufficient fureties, fuch as conditions, the court (wherein fuch judgment is or fhall be given) {hall allow of, fhall, firft, before fuch flay made, or fuperfedeas to be awarded,

O o 4	be

 

560 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 59. ^1794;.

be bound unto the party for whom fuch judgment is or {hall be given, by recognizance to be acknowledged in the fame court, in double the fum adjudged to be recovered by the faid former judgment, to profecute the faid writ of faife judgment with effect, and alfo to fatisfy and pay (if the faid judgment be affirmed, or the faid writ of faife judgment be not proceeded in) all and fmgular the debt, damages, and cofts, adjudged, and all cods and damages to be awarded for the fame delaying of execution.

IL And be it further enadted, That no caufe, where the caufe than i°ol ?be °f	fhall not amount to the fum of ten pounds or upwards,

removed from fhall be removed or removeable from any court of inferior ju-any inferior rifdiction into the court of common pleas at Lancafter, by any writ of pone accedas ad curiam certiorari, or otherwife, unlefs the defendant, who (hall be defirous of removing fuch caufe, fhall enter into the like recognizance as aforefaid, for payment of the debt, or damages and cofts, in cafe judgment fhall pafs againft him; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

court into the common pleas of the laid county.

CAP. LIX.

An a SI for extending the provifions of an a Cl, paffied in the twenty-fifth year of his prejent Majeftfs reign, for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of the board of ordnance, the commif-fioners of the navy, the commiffioners for victualling the navy, and the cammiffioners of fick and hurt.—[May 23, 1794.] '

Preamble. T T 7 H E R E A S by an aCl, paffed in the twenty-fifth year of his 25 Geo. 2. VV prefent Majeftfs reign, intituled, An acl for better examin-c. 52, recited. ing and auditing the publick accounts of this kingdom, divers powers are given to the cornmifftoners thereby authorifed to be appointed and ftyled The commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts, to call before them all fuch persons as Jhould hive received any fum or fums of money by way of imprefi, or in any other manner for which they Jhould be accountable, and to require fuch persons to produce all accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, or other papers, which Jhould appear to be necejfary for the purpofes of their examination, and to examine, upon oath, all accountants whom they Jhould find occafion to examine before them, and all other perfons, as in the faid aSt mentioned \ and provifions are made for putting fums of money, ijfued to fub-accountants, in charge againfi them, and for taking the accounts of fuch fub-account ants, and iffiuing procefs forfuch purpofe; but it is provided that procefs Jhall in no cafe be ijfued againfi anyjub-accountant who is to account to the principal officers of the board of ordnance, or the principal officers and cornmifftoners of his Majeftfs navy, the commiffioners for victualling his Majeftfs navy, or the cornmifftoners for feck and hurt refpeClively, for fums which have been ijfued to fuch fub-accountants by the treafurer of the ordnance or trea-furer of the navy, without directions being previoufly given for that purpofe by the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the treafury, after a reference of their, cafes to the commiffioners of the boards above-mentioned refpeClively, and a report made thereupon: and it is alfo provided^ That no procefs Jhall Jfue againfi any fuch fub-accountant until u	twelve

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 59-

twelve months Jhall have elapfed from the time of making np the accounts of the faid treafurer annually : arid it is alfo provided, That when any fub-accountant, or Jub-accountants, Jhall tranfnit to the commijfioners to be appointed under the authority of the faid aCi, a fuf ficient and fatisfactory difcharge from the principal officers of the ordnance, the commijfioners of his Majeffs navy, the commijfioners for victualling his Majefly's navy, or the commijfioners of fick and hurt, for any monies he or they Jhall have received in the faid departments fever ally, the faid commijfioners Jhall tranfnit a duplicate of the fame to his Majefly's remembrancer in the court of exchequer, who Jhall forthwithftrike out the name or names offuchfib-account ant, orfub-account-ants from the impref roll, and fuch fub-accountant, orfub~ accountants^

Jhallfrom henceforth be difchargedfrom any other or further account for thefame; and whereas the principal officers of thefaid board of ordnance, the principal officers and commijfioners of his Maj fly's navy, the com-miffioncrs for victualling his Majeflf s navy, and the commijfioners for fick and hurt, are not, by the faid ad, authorifed to call before them fuch perj'oys as are to account to them as aforejaid, or to examine fuch persons on oath, or to compel the production of accounts, papers, and writings, or otherwife to proceed with refpeCi to the accounts to be taken by them r effectively, in thefame manner as the faid conuniffioners for auditing the publick accounts are authorifed to proceed with refpeCi to other accountants by the faid ad, by reafon whereof the accounts to be taken by J'uch officers of fuch feveral boards refpeClively cannot be ejfettually taken by them; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after Powers of re. the palling of this add, all and every fuch and the fame powers ^^cfed^the and authorities whatfoever, (hall be vetted in, and are hereby commiffioners vetted in, the faid principal officers of the board of ordnance, the of the navy, faid principal officers and commiffioners of his Majetty’s navy, &c. the faid commiffioners for victualling his Majetty’s navy, and the faid faid commiffioners of fick and hurt refpeitively, or any three or more of the members of fuch feveral boards respectively, to call before them refpectively all fuch fub-accountants as are accountable before them retpe6tively as aforefaid, and to compel fuch persons to produce all accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, and other papers, which fhali appear to be necefiary for the purpofes of their examination, and to examine upon oath (which oath the laid principal officers and commiffioners, or any three or more of fuch officers and commiffioners of the faid feveral boards, in their refpeftive departments, are hereby authorifed to adminifter) all fuch fub-accountants as they fhlall find occafion to examine before them, and all other perfons, and otherwife to a61 in and about the taking of the accounts to be taken by fuch boards refpe&ively, as by the faid recited a<5t are vetted in the faid commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts, and that all the rules, methods, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, preferibed or appointed by the faid for examining accountants by the faid commif-

lioncrs,

 

562 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III.	[1794.

fioners, for auditing the publick accounts, fhall be in like man-ner extended and applied for the examining fab-accountants by the faid feveral boards refpedively, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if the faid rules, methods, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, had been Specially enacted in this ad.

CAP. LX.

An ad to continue fo much of feveral laws, refpeding the tranfportation and imprifonment of offenders, as relates to the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement.—-[May 23, 1794.]

19 Geo. 3. c. 74. and fo much of 24 Geo. 3. feff. a. c. 56. and of 25 Geo. 3. c. 46. as relates to the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, continued until June 2, 1799.

TTo baker in London, &c. to work on Sunday, ex-

CAP. LXI.

An a51 for the better obfervation of the Lord's day, by persons exer~ ciftng the trade of bakers.—-[May 23, 1794*]

117 HERE AS many persons exercifing the trade of bakers do, f*rcam le. y y under pretence of being employed in works of necejfiiy or charity, carry on their trade or calling on the Lora's day, and are employed therein during a much greater part thereof than is requifitefor fuch purpofes ; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no matter baker, journeyman baker, or other perfon, carrying on the bufinefs of a baker in the city of London, or within twelve miles of the faid city, fhall, on ceptas herein any pretence whatfoever, make, bake, or expofe to fale, any mentioned,on houfhold or other bread, or rolls of any fort or kind, or bake any penalty ofios. meat, puddings, pies, or tarts, or in any other manner exercife the trade or calling of a baker, on the Lord’s day, or any part thereof, (fave and except as herein after is mentioned) ; and every matter baker, journeyman baker, or other perfon, exercifing the bufinefs of a baker, on the Lord’s day, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and being thereof convided before any juftice of the peace of the county, city, or place, where the offence fhall be committed, either upon his own view, or confeflion of the party, or proof by one or more witnefs or witneffes, upon oath, fhall forfeit and pay the fum.of ten (hillings ; and if any person fo convided {hall negledf or refufe to pay the faid fum of ten {hillings, fuch juftice fhall and may, by warrant under his hand and feal, dired the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, and, in default or infufficiency of fuch diftrefs, commit the offender to the houfe of corredion for any time not exceeding fourteen, nor lefs than feven days, unlefs the penalty or Application of forfeiture fhall be fooner paid ; and the faid penalty or forfeiture penalty. {hall, within feven days after payment thereof, be tranfmitted by fuch juftice to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the parifh where the offence {hall he committed, to be employed and converted to the ule of the poor of fuch parifh.

II, Provided

Penalty may be levied by diftrefs, See.

 

i794’] Anno regni triceftmo quarto Georgii III. c. 62.	563

JI. Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall ex- Bread may be tend, or be conftrued to extend, to prohibit the felling of bread, or a^c to prohibit or make liable to the penalties of this a£t any matter baked, on or journeyman baker, or other peion, baking meat, puddings, or Sunday be-pies, only, on the Lord’s day, between the hours of nine of the twten certain clock in the forenoon and one of the clock in the afternoon, fo ilours* as the person requiring the baking thereof (hall carry or fend the fame to and from the place where fiich meat, pudding, or pie, is baked.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacled, That every complaint Complaints

againft any matter baker, journeyman baker, or other perfon, forto. be made any thing by him or them done contrary to the provifions of this	X

a£t, (hall be made and profecuted within fix days after the offence committed.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the juttice before whom.Conviftions

any person {hall be convictted under this atft (hall and may caufe ^ ^Tol fuch conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effect	c	°	~

following :



it remembered, That on this	day of^o

To wit	A. B. is convifled before me

one of his Majeffs jufices of the peace for the faid county of	[or	as	the cafe may bej, due proof

being made before me, on the oath of

or, upon the confejfion of, &c. [as the cafe may be] that	[fpecifying the offence, the

time when, and the place where] ; and I do adjudge the faid	to	pay and forfeit for the ja?ne the

fum of ten /hillings* Given under my band and feal this day of

CAP. LXII.

An aft for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of two millions live hundred thoufand pounds for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned. —[May 23, 1794*3

Molt gracious Sovereign,

We your Majefty’s molt dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, having taken into our molt ferious confideration your Majefty’s molt gracious mellage, to be enabled to fulfil the engagements which your Majefty has entered into with the king of Prufiia, as well as to defray any extraordinary expences which may be incurred for the fervice of the year one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-four, and to take fuch meafures as the exigency of affairs may require, have refolved to give and grant to your Majefty the fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds for that purpofe.—His Majefty may im-power the treafury to caufe loans to be received, or exchequer bills to be made out for 2,500,000b at any time before January 5, 1795, agreeable to 34 Geo. 3. c. 7. and powers of that aft extended to this aft. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the firft aids granted next fefiions ; and if not granted before July 5, 1795, to be paid out of the confolidated fund. Monies iffued from the confolidated fund to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank may advance money on the credit of this aft.

CAP.

 

56 4

Preamble.

Xotb?ng in any a<ft to prevent Samuel A lb ton from tanning hides and fkins in the manner mentioned in his letters patent, ecc.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 63. [1794. CAP. LXI11.

An qH for allowing the exercife of an invention of a new method< of tanning hides and fkins*—[May 23, 1794]

WHEREAS Samuel Afhton of Sheffield, in the county of York, painter, having a Hedged that he had invented a new method of tanning hides and fkins, obtained his Majeftys letters patent, hearing date the Jixteenth day of January, in the thirty-fourth year, of his reign, containing a grant to him, bis executors, adminijlrators, and affigns, of the foie ufe, benefit, and advantage, 0/invention within the limits and for the term nfual in the like cafes; and the. faid Samuel Afhton hath, by an injlrument in writing, under his hand and Jeal, deferibed and afeertained the nature of his faid invest*, tion, and the materials to be ttfed as ingredients in preparing the tan liquor made ufe of in his procefs of tanning, and the degrees and pro-portions thereof and the manner of ufmg the fame, and hath caujed fuel? injlrument to be inroiled in the court of chancery, agreeable to the. terms and conditions of the faid letters patent: but by reafon of fome frovijtons or ref riff ions contained in certain affs of parliament re-bating to the manner of tanning hides and fkins, and the materials of things to be ufed therein, doubts have arifeh touching validity of the faid letters patent: for obviating fuel? doubts, and in order to give to the faid Samuel Afhton, bis executors, adminijlrators, and ajjigns, and a if? the public ky the benefit intended by the faid letters patent; may it pieafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and it be enacted by the King’s mold excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Ipiritua] and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That nothing contained in any adf or a£fs of parliament hereto-’ fore made {hall be conftrued to hinder or prevent the faid Samuel AJhton, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, during the term of the faid letters patent, or any person or persons whomsoever,, after the expiration of the faid term, from tanning of hides and fkins in the manner, and according to the method, and with the materials or things mentioned, deferibed, or afeertained, in the faid inftrument fo inrolled in the court of chancery as aforefaid, or from felling any hides or fkins fo tanned, or to fubjedt the faid Samuel Afpton, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, during the term of the faid letters patent, or any person whomfoever, after the expiration of the faid term, to any penalty or forfeiture, for or on account of tanning any hides or fkins in the manner, or according to the method, or with the materials or things mentioned, deferibed, or afeertained, in the faid inftrument, or for or on account of the fale of any hides or fkins fo tanned ; but that the faid letters patent {hall be as good and valid, and of as full force and effect, in all refpects, and to all intents and purpofes, as the fame would have been, and the faid Samuel AJhton, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, during the term of the faid letters patent, and all persons whomfoever, after the expiration of the faid term, {hall and may have and enjoy all the benefits and

advantages

 

1794*1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii IIT. c. 64.	5%

advantages by the faid letters patent meant and intended to be given, or arifing or accruing from, or in confequence of the faid invention, and may ufe and exercife the faid invention in like manner in all refpedts, and to all intents and purpofes, as he or they could or might have done, in cafe no a61 or a£fs of parliament containing any provifions or reftricfions relating to the manner of tanning hides or (kins, or the materials or things to be ufed in the tanning of hides or fkins, or to the fale of tanned hides or ikins, had been in force at the time of the granting of the faid letters patent; any thing contained in any acft or ads of parliament to the contrary hereof notwithftanding : provided never-thelefs. That nothing herein contained fliall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to give any greater force or validity to the faid letters patent, or the grant therein mentioned, than the fame would have had in cafe no fuch ad or acts of parliament as afore-faid had been in force at the time of the granting of the faid letters patent

II. And be it further enaded. That this ad fhall be deemed Public^ aSL. and taken to be a publick ad; and fliall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXIV.

An aft for the more effeftually repairing of fuch parts of the highways of this kingdom as are to be repaired by two parifhes f—May 23,

*794-3

WHEREAS the common highways in this kingdom are to be Preamble.

maintained and kept in repair (except in certain cafes) by the inhabitants of the feveral parifhes in which fuch common highways are fituated; but it frequently happens that the boundaries of fuch parifhes pafs through the middle of fuch common highways, and one fide of fuch highways is fituated in one parifh, and the other fide of fuch highways is fituated in another parijh, whereby great inconveniences have often arifen to fuch parifhes, in fettling the time and manner of repairing and amending the fame, and great detriment has arifen thereby to the publick from the want of the due repair offuch highways : for remedy thereof, be it enaded by the King's mod excellent majefey, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, 7hiat it (hall and may be lawful for any Two juftices two juftices of the peace for any country, riding, or divifion, upon rnay deter -Complaint or application to them by any furveyor, or any one of the furveyors of the highways of any parifh, (dating to fuch juf- highways ly-tices in writing, and by a plan thereunto annexed, that there is ingin two* fituated in the faid parifh, and alfo in fome other parifh adjoining p >rifhes fliall thereto, fpecifying the fame, a certain common highway, partieu-larly deferibing the fame by metes, bounds, and admeafurement 1 "	°s’c’’

thereof, one fide of which common highway, ought to be made or repaired by one of fuch parifhes, and the other fide thereof by the other of fuch parifhes), to iffue their fummons, with a copy of

fuch

 

566

Pari flies bound to repair the parts fo allotted.

How cofts of proceedings fhall be defrayed, ScC,

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 64. [1794.

fuch writing and plan thereunto annexed, to the furveyor or one of the furveyors of the highways of fuch other parifh, to appear before them on a day to be mentioned in fuch fummons, not more than fourteen days* nor lefs than feven days from the day of the date of fuch fummons ; and that in cafe the parties fhall then appear before fuch juftices, they may then proceed finally to decide the matter in the manner herein-afcer mentioned, in cafe all the parties {hall confent thereto ; but in cafe the furveyor fum-moned fhall not appear on fuch firft fummons, or appearing fhall require further time, the faid juftices fhall adjourn the further confideration of the matter for any further time, not more than twenty-one days, nor lefs than fourteen days from the day of fuch adjournment, of which the furveyor not appearing fhall have notice ; on which day the faid juftices fhall proceed to hear the parties and their witnefles, and whether the party fummoned does or does not appear, fhall proceed to examine and finally determine the matter in form following; (that is to fay), That it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftices, and they are hereby required to divide the whole of fuch common highway by a tranverfe line eroding fuch highway, into two equal parts, or into two fuch unequal parts and proportions as, in confideration of the foil, waters, floods, the inequality of fuch highway, or any other cir-cumftances attending the lame, they, in their diferetion, {hall think juft and right; and to declare, adjuJge, and order, that the whole of fuch highway on both fides thereof, in one of fuch parts, fhall be maintained and repaired by one of fuch parifhes, and that the whole of fuch highway on both fides thereof, in the other of fuch parts, fhall be maintained and repaired by the other of fuch parifhes; and ihall caufe fuch their order, and a plan of fuch highway, and the allotment thereof as before-mentioned, to be fairly delineated on paper or parchment, and filed with the clerk of the peace of the county in which fuch highway fhall happen to lie, and Ihall alfo caufe fuch pofts, ftones, or other boundaries, to be placed and let up in fuch highway as in their judgment fhall be neceflary for ascertaining the divifion and allotment aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enaeltd, That from and after fuch order

and plan fhall be fo filed with the clerk of the peace as aforefaid, fuch parifhes, and the inhabitants thereof refpedtively, fhall be bound as of common right to maintain and keep in repair fuch parts of fuch common highway fo allotted to them as aforefaid, and fliall be liable to be profecuted and indicted for negledt of fuch duty, and fhall in all refpedts whatfoever be liable and fubjedt to all the provifions, regulations, and penalties, contained in any adt or acts of parliament for the repair of thq highways which are or fhall be in force, in like manner as they are liable and fubjedt to with refpedt to the repair of any other common highway within fuch parifhes refpediively, and alfo fhall be difeharged from the repair of fuch parts of fuch highway as fhall not be included in their refpedtive allotments.	**

III.	And be it further enadted, That all cofts, charges, and ex-pences, to be incurred by realon of any of the proceedings before

mentioned,

 

1794*] Anno regni tric.efimo quarto Georgii III. c, 64.'	567

.mentioned, fhall borne and defrayed by fuch two parifhes, the fame being fettied and afcertained by fuch two judices; and in cafe the faid parties fhall refufe or neglect to pay and difcharge their refpedlive ("hare of fuch cods and expences, it fhall and may be lawful for either of fuch judices, or any other judice of the peace for the faid county, riding, or divifion, to levy the fame by didrefs and fale, with the cods of fuch didrefs, on the goods and chattels of any furveyor of the highways of the parifh fo refufing or negle£ling to defray fuch cods and charges as aforefaid.

IV* And be it further enacted. That nothing in this acS Boundary of contained fhall extend, or be condrued to extend, to affe£I, counties, &c. change, or alter, in any manner whatfoever, any boundaries °f£han%d excounties, lorddups, hundreds, manors, or any other divifion ofceptforthe publick or private property, nor the boundaries of any pariIhes, purpofe afore-otherwife than for the purpofe of amending and keeping in repair *aid« fuch particular portion of the highways, in the manner hereinbefore mentioned.

V.	And be it further ena61ed, That nothing herein contained A&nottore-fhall relate, or be condrued to relate, to any highways, the repair late to high-of any part of which belongs to any bodies politick or corporate, aide byCbodies tovvnfhip, or other fuch place, or to any private person or perfons, politick, &c. by the reafon of tenure of any lands, or otherwife howfoever, but which may that the fame fhall be condrued to relate to fuch highways, the

repair of which belongs to parifhes only: provided always, That pUtUnderthe in cafe any fuch body politick or corporate, townfhip, or other regulations fuch place, or any fuch private person or persons as aforefaid, or of it, any other person and persons who fhall be bound by law to repair one fide of any part of any common highway, fhall be defirous that the fame fhouid be placed under the regulations of this aci* and that a divifion and allotment thereof fhouid be made, according to the provifions thereof, and the parties who are bound to the repair of the other fide of the faid highway fhall con lent thereto, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch two judices to make an order for the divifion and allotment of fuch highway, and fuch order, when filed with the clerk of the peace, fhall have the like force and effedf, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as is herein diredted with refpedt to the like order where parifhes only are concerned.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That this adf fhall not be con- nor to extend

ftrued to extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.	to Scotland-

VII.	And be it further enadted. That it fhall and may be law- Appeal may ful for either of the two parifhes, between whom any fuch allot- be made to ment of any highway fhall be made by virtue of this ad!, by an the quarter order in vedry, fpecially called for the purpofe, to appeal to the

quarter feflions of the peace for the county where fuch parifhes fhall lie, to be holden next after the time when fuch order and plan fhall be filed with the clerk of the peace as aforefaid, and not otherwife ; and that upon the hearing of fuch appeal, the judices at fuch quarter fedions fhall make luch order as fhall appear to to them to be jud, either by affirming, quaihing, or amending, the order of the two judices, and fhall allow cods to either party

as

 

56S Anno regni tricelimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 64, [1794.

as in their difcretion they {hall think right; which order of the quarter fefiions (hall not be removed by writ of certiorari or other-wife, but (hall be final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That fuch complaint, fum-madeTn the mons> adjudication, and plan, may be in the feveral forms {fated annexed	in the appendix hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as the cir-

forms.	cuftances and nature of each particular cafe may admit.

APPENDIX.

INFORMATION.

County 1 yj'T a petty fejfion, holden before J. P. and fC. P. two of j his Majefys jujtices of the peace for the faid county, this day of

J.	S. one of the furveyors of the highways of the par ijh of A, * came before the juftices aforefaid, and gave them to be in-See plan, formed, That there is in the faid county a certain common highway, leading from M. to N. ; and that there is a certain part of the faid highway, that is to fay,fo much thereof as lies between a certain place called C. and a certain other place called D. being in lengthy	[as	the	cafe may be]

one fide of which lajl-mentioned part of the faid highway adjoining to the parijh of A. lies within the faid parijh of A. and is to be, and of right ought to be, repaired by the faid parijh of A. ; and that the other fide of the fame part of the . faid highway adjoining to the par if? ofB. lies within the parijh of B. and is to be, and of right ought to be, repaired by the faid parijh of B. ; and fating that the repair of fuch part of the faid highway is very inconvenient to the parifhes aforefaid, and the want thereof detrimental to the publick : and therefore praying. That fuch part of the faid highway may be allotted and apportioned for the repair thereof, by the juflices aforefaid, to the faid jeveral parifhes of A. andB. in the manner dire died by an act, pa [fed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituledy An adl, See.

(Signed)	J.	S.

The above application was	One	of	the	furveyors	of	the

made to us the day and	Highways	for the parijh

year firft above written.	of	A.

j. p.

K.	P.

SUMMONS, to be fubjoined to a copy of the above information.

County 1 CjHO the furveyors of the highways of the parijh of B. in J	the faid county,	any or either of them.

TVhereas a certain information has been given to us J. P. and K. P. two of his Majeflf s jujlices of the peace for the

faid

 

*794-1 Anno regrii trtcefimo quarto GeorCii III, c. 64.

faid county, by J. S. one of the furveyors of the highways of the parijh of A. in the /aid county, a true copy whereof is above written; thefe are, in his Majeffs name, to fummon you, any or either of you, to appear before us at in the faid county, on the	day	of

at	to	/hew	caufe	(if any) why an allotment and ap-

portionment of the highway therein mentioned Jhould not be made, according to the provifions of the aff referred to in the faid information, Hereof fail not. Given under our bands^ this	~day of

J.	p.

K.	P.

Final ORDER and ADJUDICATION, to be filed with the clerk of the peace.

WHEREAS, &c.

1.	State the original application,

2.	The fummons.

3.	The appearance; and that the parties Were heard, or5

their non-appearance.

Now we, the juftices aforefaid, having fully heard and underfood the premifes, do declare> adjudge, and order. That the faid highway J.hall be divided in the following manner; (that is to fay), that at the dif-tance of	meafuring	from	the	place	called	C. there /hall be

eredied certain pofts or [tones, E. and F. on each fide of the faid highway ; and the tvhole of the faid highway, from the place called C. to fuch pofs orf ones,/hall be from time to time, and at all times hereafter, repaired, by the parijh of A.; and the whole of the faid highway, from fuch pofs or fones to the place called D. fallfrom time to time, and at all times hereafter, be repaired by the parijh of B*

In zuitnef whereof, we have hereunto fet our hands andfeats* this	day	of

J.	P. (L. S.)

K.	P.	S.)

PLAN.

Parijh of A.

Bound to repair on this fide to the dotted line•

E,	(+)	Stone♦

M,	Highway	«•«,,.	2	••	D*	N*

F,	( + )	Stone.

Parijh of B.

Bound ter repair on this fide to the dotted line.

Vol. XXXIX,	P	p	CAP.

Hosted by

CAP. LXV.

An aft for better regulating and governing the watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, upon the river of Thames, between Gravefeml and Windfor.—[May 23, 1794-]

Preamble.

n Sc 3 Phil. & Mar.c. 16. and

11 Sc 21 Gul. 3.C. ai. recited.

WHEREAS, by an aft pa [fed in the fecond and third years of the reign of their late Majefies Philip and Mary, intituled, An aft touching watermen and bargemen upon the river of Thames, it ivas enafted, That the mayor and court of aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, Jhould, from time to time, at their diferetion, limit, fet, <2/2^ ajfefs, the price or prices, andfums of money, that every person or persons authorifed to row upon the river of Thames, betevixt Gravefend and Windfor, Jhould take for his or their labour or fare from place to place, particularly betwixt Gravefend and Windfor aforefaid; which prices or ajfiffments afterwards Jhould be figned and fubferibed by two of the privy council at the leaf, and made public k, as in and by the faid aft is directed \ and it was thereby farther enafted, That every person and persons that Jhould take, for his or their fare or labour, above the prices that Jhould be afjejfcd in form aforefaid, floould forfeit for every fuch offence forty J,hillings, and alj'o JhGuldfujfer imprifonment by one half year ; the faid forfeiture to be recovered as in and by the faid aft is expreffed: and whereas for many yeors paf the faid punifmient hath been confidered much too fevere for the offence, and there being no powers for mitigating the fame, the offenders have generally efcaped punifoment for their extortion : and whereas, by an aft, paffed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late majejly King William the Third, inti-tided, An aft for the explanation and better execution of former afts made touching watermen and wherrymen rowing on the river of Thames; and for the better ordering and governing the faid watermen, Xvherrymen, and lightermen, upon the faid river, between Gravefend and Windfor, it was enafted, That there Jhould be yearly appointed, elefted, and chofen, by the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, the number of eight perfons, of the mojl wife, difereet, and befl fort of watermen, and the number of three persons out of twelve perfons, to be yearly nominated by the lightermen, of the moft wife, difereet, and bejl fort of lighter* men, being koufeholders, having tiuo lighters or fat boats upon the faid river, between Gravefend and Windfor ; which elections Jhould be yearly, at the fir/I court of aldermen to be holden within the faid city, next after the firjl day of J une \ and the Jaid eleven persons fo to be elefted Jhould be named or called the overfcers and rulers of all the wherrymen, watermen, and lightermen, that, from and after the faid firjl day of June Jhould life, occupy, or exercife, any rowing upon the ~Jaid river of Thames betwixt Gravefend and Windfor aforefaid; which faid overfeers and rulers Jhould keep and maintain good order and obedience amongjl the faid watermen and lightermen, according to the true meaning of that prefent and former afts \ and that the affjlants and auditors of the fociety or company of wherrymen, ivatermen, and lightermen, Jlmdd be alfo appointed yearly in the manner therein mentioned)

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii IIL c. 65.	571

ttoned, for the better order and government of the faid company \ and that the faid rulers, auditors, and affifiants,	f A*	/w/ of thesn

prefent, being all duly fuvimoned as therein mentioned, Jhould and mighty and they were thereby empowered and authorifed, from time to timey better and more effectual keeping afid maintaining good order and obedience amongfl the fend fociety and company, to snake, ordain, and provide,fetch reafonable and lawful rules, ordersy and conftitutions, as in their diferetion they fhould think fity with reafonable pains and penalties to the fame annexed y which faid rulcsy orders, and, confutations y Jhould, from time to time, be laid before the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, for the time beings to be by them examined, altered, or approved, and afterwards confirmed or altered by the lord chief jufiice of either benchy for the common good and profit of his Majeftf s fubjeds ; and for the further and better enforcing due obedienceto the Jaid rules, orders and confitutions, and snore eafy andfpeedy recovery of the pains and penalties to the fame annexed, it was thereby further enaCted, That the lord mayor of London, and the aldermen of the faid city, and the juft ices of the peace within the /hires next adjoining to the faid river of Thames between Gravefend and Wind for, every of them within their fever al jurifdicHons and authorities, Jhould have full power and authority, by virtue of that prefent aft, upon complaint made to them, or any of them, by the faid ov erfeers and rulers, or any two of them, to examine, hear, and determine, by the oath of one or more witneffes, (which every of them were thereby authorifed to adminijler), or by the confejfion of the offender, all complaints or offences to be done or cosnmitted by any fuch person or persons that floould offend contrary to the true meaning of that prefent at7, or any rule, order, or conftitution, to be snade purfuant to the authority thereby given, and by difirefs and jale of the goods of every fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid lord mayor and aldermen, or one or more of the jaid aldermen or jufiices, to caufe to be levied, from time to time, all the penalties infixed by former ails, and that prejent aCt, touching watermen, wherrymen, or lightermen, or by any fuch rule, order, or confitution, that Jhould by virtue of that prefent aCt be forfeited: and whereas, in purJuance of the laft in part recited aCt of parliament, certain rules, orders, and confitutions, have, from time to time, been snade for the better rude and government of the faid fociety or company, but the fame have hitherto proved inadequate and ineffectual: and whereas it would tend to the more fpeedy atii effectual adminift ration of juft ice, and be of great publich utility a?zd convenience, if fo much 'of the faid aCl of the fecond and third y ears of their late Majefties Philip and Mary, as fubjeCls perfons, taking for their fare or labour above the affeffed prices, to the fine of forty /hillings, and alfo to half a year’s imprifonment, Jhould be repealed, and if the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city of London for the time being were authorifed find empowered to make, frame, and fet down, in writing, reafonable rules, orders and confitutions, for governing and regulating the watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, upon the river Thames, between the limits aforefaid; and if the lord mayor, recorder, or any one alderman of the faid city 0/London for the time being, and the juft ices of the peace within the /hires and

P p 2	places

 

572 Anno regni tricefnno quarto Georgii III. c. 65. [-1794

places next adjoining to the j'aid river ^/Thames, between Gravefend and Windfor, Jhould fever ally and refpeflively have full power and authority to adjudge, afcertain, and fettle, the feveral penalties, tf/za? to enforce payment of the fa?ne,	pzz£	the	laivs, ffatutes, rules,

orders, and conjlitutions,	tfzzz/ to be made, /# execution ;

effectually to punijh any-offence or mifbehaviour done or committed by any fuch waterman, wherry man,	lighterman, again ft the faid laws,

orders,	confutations, which are now in force,	or which

jhall at any time or times hereafter be ?nade purfuant to the authorities and direct ions of this aCl, or of the feveral aCls of parliament in that caje made and provided: may it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be enadted ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament 1 r°m fo much affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and of hr ft recited a^ter	day	of	July	one	thoufand	feven	hundred and ninety-

ads as fub- four, fo much of the faid in part recited ad of the fecond and jedsperfons third years of the reign of their late Majefties Philip and Mary, ^harfthdr^ aS ^u^jec^s every or any perfon, taking for his fare or labour fanTto penal- above the prices affeffed for that purpofe as therein mentioned, to tits repealed, the fine or forfeiture of forty {hillings, and alfo to imprifonment ■ &c.	by one half year, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and

that, from and after the laid firft day of July, the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London fhall have authority, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, to make fuch rules, orders, and conflitutions, for the better government and regulation of watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, rowing or ufing any boat, barge, or lighter, or other vefiel, upon the faid river Thames, between Gravefend and TVindfor, as they fhall think-fit and needfary, and to alter, repeal, or make void, the fame, or any of the rules, orders, or conflitutions, now in force, in manner and with the approbation herein-after mentioned; and the faid lord mayor, recorder, or any one alderman of the faid city, within the faid city, and his Majefly’s juftices of the peace of the refpective counties and places next adjoining to the faid river Thames, between Gravefend and Windfor, fhall feverally and refpedtively have power and authority within the faid city, counties, and places refpedtively, to put in execution the feveral laws and ftatutes, and alfo the rules, orders, and conflitutions, which are now* in force, or which fhall at any time hereafter he made by the faid court of mayor and aldermen, in purfuance of this adt, or by the rulers, auditors, and afiifbmts, of the watermens company, and approved by the faid court of mayor and aldermen, purfuant to the authorities and directions of the feveral adts of parliament in that cafe made and provided, or any of them, againflthe afore-faid watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, or any other person or. perfon?, for any offence or offences committed or to be committed againll the faid laws, flatutes, rules, orders, and conflitutions, or any of them, .and as fully and effectually as if fuch rules, orders, and conflitutions, were particularly fet forth in this adt.	-

II. And

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo.quarto Georgii III. 0.65,	573

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That The court the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city of London, for the time being, fhall have full power and authority from time to London em. time to alter, amend, repeal, or make void, any of the rules, powered to orders, or conftkutions now in force, or hereafter to be made, make rules, and to make, frame, and fet down in writing, fuch other rules, orders, or conftitutions, for governing and regulating the water- ctmdu&and men, wherrymen, and lightermen, owning, rowing, or working, demeanour of boats, or other craft, upon the river Thames, between Gravejend, watermen, in the county of Kent, and JVindfor, in the county of Berks, and to annex reafonable penalties and forfeitures for the breach of men upon the fuch rules, orders, or conftitutions, not exceeding the Turn of river Thames, three pounds for any one offence, and fuch rules, orders, and conftitutions, or any of them, from time to time, to alter, amend, repeal, or make void, as to the faid court in their difcretion fhall feem meet, for the better putting this a<ft in execution, fo as, after the making, altering, amending, or repealing thereof re-fpedfively, the rules, orders, and conftitutions, fo to be made, and every fuch alteration, amendment, and repeal, be allowed and approved of from time to time by the lord high chancellor of The faid Great Britain, the lord keeper, or lords commiftioners of the rules, &c. to great feal for the time being, the lord chief juftice of the ^ndaUwed court of king's bench, the lord chief juftice of the court of com- Gf by the lord mon pleas, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, or chancellor, any one or more of them, who are and is hereby required, on chief juftices, requeft from time to time to them, or any one or more of them, £lar^e* made by or on behalf of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, to 5 perufe and examine all fuch rules, orders or conftitutions, as fhall from time to time be made, altered, amended, or repealed, by the faid court of mayor and aldermen in purfuance of this a£t, and laid before the faid lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiftioners of the great feal for the time being, the faid lord chief juftice of the court of king's bench, the faid lord chief juftice of the court of common pleas, and the faid lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, or any one or more of them, for their or bis allowance and approbation; and they, or any one or more who may ai-of them, are or is to allow thereof, or alter the fame before they, or any one or more of them, allow thereof, or to allow of any fuch repeal, as they, or any one or more of them fliall, from time to time, think fit, and for doing thereof no fee or reward fhall be paid or taken.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaefted by the authority Copy of in-afo'refaid, That when and as often as any alteration in the rules, ^t^n^and orders, and conftitutions now in force, or hereafter to be made, new rules to or any new or other rules, orders, and conftitutions, fhall be be fent to made by the faid court of mayor and aldermen as aforefaid, a the water-copy of fuch intended alterations, and of fuch new or other rules, mcr11 s £01,n~ orders, and conftitutions, fhall be fent to, and left at I Voter man's Says before Hall, for the perufal of the rulers, auditors, and aftiftants, of allowed by the watermen's company, at leaft thirty days before the fame (hall the judges, be allowed by the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, the lord and tne coin,‘*

,	'	PP3	’	keeper,	pan*may

57 4

fubmit their

objections,

Sec.

The rules, See. to be primed and publifned.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgit III. c. 65. [1794.

keeper, or lords commiftioners of the great feal for the time being, the lord chief juftice of the court of king’s bench, the lord chief juftice of the court of common pleas, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, or any one or more of them, as aforefaid, in order that the faid rulers, auditors, and affiftants, may fubmic to the conlideration of the faid court of mayor and aldermen their objections, (if any) to fuch intended alterations, or to fuch new or other rules, orders, and conftitutions; and in cafe the faid rulers, auditors, and affiftants, (hall not be fatisfied with the determination of the faid court of mayor and aldermen in the pre-mifes, on fuch objection refpetively, then, that the faid rulers, auditors, and affiftants, may fubmit their (aid objetions to the confideration of the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, the lord keeper, or lords commiftioners of the great feal for the time being, the lord chief juftice of the court of king’s bench, the lord chief juftice of the court of common pleas, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, or any one or more of them before fuch intended alterations or fuch new or other rules, orders, and con-*-ftitutions, are allowed as aforefaid,

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fuch rules, orders, and conftitutions, fo to be from time to time made, altered, or amended, by the faid court of mayor and aldermen, fhall, within thirty days after the fame {hall be allowed and approved of as aforefaid, be printed and fent to the feveral publick offices, lately eftablifhed by authority of parliament for the adminiftration of juftice, in the counties of Middle-fex and Surrey ; and alfo to the feveral clerks of the peace of the faid counties and places adjoining to the river Thames, to be pub-li/hed in fuch manner as the court of quarter feffions in thofe counties jfhall direct, and alfo be made publick in fuch other manner as the faid court of ma}w and aldermen fhall think proper, and from time to time order and direct.

V.	And be it further ena&d by the authority aforefaid, That, in cafe any waterman, wherryman, lighterman, or other person or perfons, (hall offend againft the laws, ftatutes, rules, orders, and conftitutions, which are now in force, or which fhall at any time be made by the faid court of mayor and aldermen, in pur-fuance of this aft, or by the rulers, auditors, and affiftants, of the watermen’s company, and approved by the faid court of mayor and aldermen, purfuant to the authorities and dire&ions of the feveral adts of parliament in that cafe made and provided, or any of them, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, recorder, or any one alderman, of the faid city, and for any juftice

itnprifonment. or juftices of the peace for the refpective counties and places next adjoining to the faid river of Thames, between Gravefend and Windfor, and every of them, within their feveral and refpeftive jurifdictions, upon complaint made of any fuch offence or mifbe-haviour, committed within their refpective jurisdictions, within fix days after the commiffion of any fuch offence or mifbehaviour, to caufe the offender or offenders to be fummoned perfonally, or by leaving fuch Summons at his, her, or their laft or ufual place

or

p.v:ver veiled in the lord mayor, aldermen. and juftices, to fummon and apprehend watermen, Sec. and examine wit-nv fifes upon oath, and pu-niih offenders by fine and

 

1794-7 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65.	57^

or refpedtive places of abode, to appear and anfwer the (aid complaint : and if any waterman, wherryman, lighterman, or other person or perfons, being duly fummoned as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negledt to appear and anfwer to any complaint or complaints made again ft him, her, or them, for any offence or offences committed by him, her, or them, againft the faid laws, (latutes, rules, orders, and conftitutions, or any of them, or againft this act, it (hall be lawful for the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen, or juftices refpedtively, in his or their refpedtive jurifdidtions as aforefaid, to iftue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending fuch waterman, wherryman, lighterman, or other person or perions, upon oath being made of the fervice of fuch fummons, and to caufe the party or parties fo offending or mifbehaving to be brought before him or them ; and the party or parties accufed being before fuch mayor, recorder, aldermen, or juftices refpec-tively, either by means of fuch fummons, or of fuch warrant or warrants as aforefaid, he and they refpedtively is and are hereby authorifed and required to examine upon oath the complainant, or any witnefs or witneffes, touching fuch offence or mifbehaviour; and if the party or parties accufed fhall be convidted of any fuch offence or mifbehaviour, either by his, her, or their own confef-fion, or by the oath of the complainant, or of one or more credi*. ble witnefs or witneffes, it (hall be lawful for fuch mayor, recorder, aldermen, and juftices, or any one of them, to impofe a fine upon fuch offender or offenders for the faid offence, not exceeding the penalty or penalties inftidted or to be inflidted by this act, or the faid other laws and ftatutes, or the faid rules, orders, and conftitutions, made and to be made as aforefaid, or any of them : and if the person or persons fo convidted (hall not forthwith pay the penalty or forfeiture fo impofed upon him, her, or them, it fhall and maybe lawful for fuch mayor, recorder, aldermen, or juftices refpedtively, to commit fuch person or persons fo convicted to fome prifon within the faid city, counties, and places refpedtively, there to remain for any lpace of time not exceeding one calendar month, unlefs fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall be fooner paid.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That no confta- Conftables ble, or other officer, (hall, by virtue of any fuch warrant, appre- u°termer>e hend, or take any waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, out of &rC. out of any boat or craft which they refpedtively may happen to be on boats or craft board of, rowing, or navigating, until fuch boat or craft (hall be unhl moored, fafely moored, unlefs there (hall be fufRcient hands on board to row or navigate or take care thereof; and notice of this proyifion Notice to be (hall be inferted in every fuch warrant for the information of the ^rr!mtm conftable, or other officer, who may have the execution thereof. ^ rran *

VIT. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Power to if any person or persons (hall refufe to pay any fuch waterman, or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, the money juftly due to fH\ Gf pay-him or them for carrying any fuch person or persons in his or ment of fares their boat or boats according to the rates now eftabliffied, or appre-which (hall hereafter be duly eftabliffied, it fhall be lawful for the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen, or juftices of. the peace refpec.T ance^andTxa.

P p 4	tively,	mine witnef-

 

576

fes on oath, and order payment, &c.

Perfons refuf-ing to pay fares, or to give their names and refidence, or giving fictitious names o.r places of abode, may be punifhed by tine, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65. [1794-

tively, or any one or more of them, within whoie jurifdi&ion fuch refufal (hall be made, upon complaint made of any fuch refusal, to fummon ftich person or persons to anfwer the faid complaint, by caufing fuch fummons to be ferved perfonally, or by leaving the fame at his, her, or their lafl: or ufual place or refpedtive places of abode ; and if any person or perfons, being duly lum-moned as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negledl to appear and anfwer to any complaint or complaints made agaiaft him, her, or them, for refufing any fuch payment as lad herein-beforeds mentioned, it fhall be lawful for the (aid mayor, recorder, aldermen, or judices refpedlively, or any one or more of them, in his or their refpec-live jurifdidtions as aforefaid, to iffue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending fuch person or perfons, upon oath being made of fuch his, her, or their refufal as aforefaid, and fervice of fuch fummons, and to caufe the party or parties fo offending to be brought before him or them; and the party or parties accufed being before fuch mayor, recorder, aldermen, or judices refpectively, either by means of fuch fummons, or of fuch warrant or warrants, as lad herein-before mentioned, he and they refpeclively is and are hereby authorifed and required, upon due proof made of fuch refufal of payment unto fuch waterman or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, of the money j-uftly due to him or them for carrying the person or persons accufed in his or their boat or boats, upon oath, or upon confedion of the party or parties, to order payment of fuch fum or fums of money, which fuch waterman or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, fhall appear to be entitled to; and alfo to award reafonable fatif-facdion to be made to him or them, for his or their lofs of time and cods, in the difcretion of the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen, or judices refpe&ively ; and if the faid person or persons fo offending fhall not pay fuch fum or fums of money, and make fuch reafonable fatisfadion (if awarded) as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen,or juftices refpedlively, to com* mitthe person or persons fo refufing to fome prifon within the city of London, and the faid feveral counties and places adjoining to the faid river of Thames, there to remain for any fpace of time not exceeding one calendar month, unlefs the faid fum or fums of money, fo ordered and awarded as aforefaid, fhall be fooner paid,

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any person or persons fhall refufe to pay any fuch waterman or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, the money demanded by him or them for carrying any fuch person or persons in his or their boat or boats, and fhall alfo refufe to give to fuch waterman or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, upon demand, the name or names, and place or places of abode, of him, her, or them, fo refufing, or inffead thereof fhall wilfully give any falfe or fidlitious name or names, or place or places of abode, for the purpofe of preventing him, her, or them, from being fummoned as aforefaid* every person fo refufing to make fuch payment, or to give his or her real name and place of abode as aforefaid, or fo refufing payment, and giving fuch falfe or fictitious name or place of abode,

fhall*

 

577

i794-]"Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGIiIII. c. 65.

{hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and fuch offender or offenders (hall or may thereupon be fummoned and otherwife proceeded againft, not only for the recovery of the money juffly due to fuch waterman or wherryman,. watermen or wherrymen, and reafonable Satisfaction for his or their lofs of time and cofts, but alfo for enforcing the payment of the penalty or forfeiture laff herein-before inflicted, in fuch and the fame manner, in all refpedts, as is herein-before mentioned and directed, for the recovery of money due to any waterman or wherryman, for carrying any person in his boat, and of fuch reafonable Satisfaction as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Overfeers or in cafe and when any waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or ril)ers of the widow of any waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, Shall com^pany^o have caufe of complaint againft any other waterman, wherryman, heararU de-or lighterman, or the widow of any waterman, wherryman, or tcrmine com lighterman, whether mafter, apprentice, or Servant, for any offence P^nts boor mifbehaviour ao-ainft this act, or any of the Said other laws and

o ,	'	J	LCl ITJClI <AIlU

ftatutes, or of the (aid rules, orders, and comhtutions, made and watermen, to be made as aforefaid, and by fuch offence or mifbehaviour, the waterman, wherryman, or iignterman, or fuch widow, So having caufe of complaint, Shall Suffer, or fuppofe bfrnfeif or herfelf to Suffer, any damage, injury, or ill treatment, it (hall be lawful for the overfeers and rulers for the time being of the faid Society or company of watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, or any two or more ofphem, (as well as for the faid mayor, recorder, aider-men, and juftices refpedtively hereby authorised as aforefaid), to hear and determine concerning any Such offence or mifbehaviour, and cony id the offender as herein-after is mentioned and di reded; that is to fay. In every fuch cafe it Shall be lawful for the faid overfeers or rulers, or any two or more of them, upon complaint made by any waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or Such1 widow, of any Such offence or mifbehaviour, within fix days after die commifiion thereof, to caufe the waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or fuch widow, fo offending, to be Summoned personally, or by leaving fuch Summons at his, her, or their, laft or ufual place of abode, to appear and anfvvCr the faid complaint; and the party accufed being before fuch two or more overfeers or rulers, to hear and examine the complainant, or any witnefs or witneffes, touching fuch offence or mifbehaviour, and determine concerning the fame 3 and if the waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or fuch widow, accufed, Shall be convi&ed of any. fuch offence or mifbehaviour, it fhall be lawful for fuch overfeers or rulers, or any two or more of them, to impofe a fine upon fuch offender for the faid offence or mifbehaviour, not exceeding the penalty or penalties inflicted, or to be inflicted, by this act, or the faid other laws and ftatutes, or the faid rules, orders, and constitutions, made and to be made as aforefaid, or any of them 3 and if the waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or Such widow, fo convidtedj '{hull pot forthwith pay the penalty or forfeiture io

impofed

 

impofed upon him, her, or them, it (hall be lawful for the aforefaid mayor, recorder, aldermen, or juftices refpedfively, within whofe jurifdid^ion the faid offence or mifbehaviour fhall have been committed, upon produdtion to him or them refpedfively of fuch convidfion, drawn up in writing in the form and manner hereinafter fet forth, or to that effect, to iffue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending fuch waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or fuch widow, and to caufe him, her, or them, to be brought before the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen, or juftices refpedfively, or any of them ; and upon being fo brought, if the party fo convidfed fhall not forthwith pay the penalty or forfeiture lo impofed upon him, her, or them, it fhall be lawful for fuch mayor, recorder, aldermen, or juftices refpedfively, to commit fuch waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or fuch widow, fo convicted, to fome prifon within the faid city, counties, and places refpedfively, there to remain for any fpace of time not exceeding one calendar month, unlefs fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall be fooner paid.

Form of con-vi & ion by the rulers.

To wit.

BE it remembered, That on this	day	of

in the	year	of	his

Majcjifs reign, A. B. is convifted before us,

two of the rulers of the fociety or company of watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, for (here fet forth the offence)

and we do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the fame the fum of

Given under our hands andfeals the day and year aforefaid.

X.	Provided always neverthelefs, That the jurifdidfion or authority fo hereby given to the faid overfeers or rulers fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the convidfion of any offender who fhall not be a waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or the apprentice or fervant of a waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or duly authorifed by law to adf as fuch ; nor to any cafe in which the person fuftaining damage, injury, or ill treatment, by fuch offence or mifbehaviour, or the person complaining thereof as aforefaid, fhall not be a waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or the apprentice or fervant of a waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or fo duly authorifed as laft mentioned.

XL And whereas apprentices to watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen^ or to the widozvs of watermen, wherrymen, or lightermen, may probably be fometimes refpeftively imprifoned in confequence of offences againjl this aft, or againfl fome of the laws, Jlatutes, rules, orders, or conflitutions aforefaid, and during fuch imprifonment their majlers or mflreffes refpeftively will be deprived of the benefit of theirfervkes, andfuch apprentices fo imprifoned will be preve?itedfrom improving in their bufenefs ; be it therefore further enadted by the authority Apprenticesto aforefaid, That every fuch apprentice, who fhall be imprifoned terve in addi-	for

 

1794-1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65.	579

for any offence againft this adl, or againft any of the laws, tion to the ftatutes, rules, orders, and conftitutions, made and to be made as aforefaid, fhall ferve as an apprentice to his then matter or bound the miftrefs, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, not fpace of time only till the expiration of the term for which fuch apprentice they fhall be ought to ferve according to the laws and cuttoms alrdidy exifting, fefpedtively and any agreement which may have been made in that behalf, impn on but alfo for and during fuch further fpace of time, to be computed from the end of the faid term, as fhall be equal in extent or duration to the time during which fuch apprentice (hall have been fo imprifoned as aforefaid: and that no fuch apprentice fhall be confidered as having ferved a legal apprenticefhip, or entitled to the privileges and benefits of ferving an apprenticefhip, unlefs and until he fhall have actually and bona fide ferved fuch further fpace of time, according to the true intent and meaning of thefe prefents ; any agreement concerning fuch apprenticefhip, or any law, ufage, or cuttom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Mayor, alder-in every cafe in which any oath is by this ail directed to be made	ma/

or taken, the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen, and juttices re- oaths &c. fpedtively, before whom fuch oath is hereby diredted to be made or taken, fhall have full power to adminifter and take the fame, or inftead thereof, a folemn affirmation by any of the people called Quakers, as the cafe may require ; and that the mayor, recorder, How mayor, aldermen, or juttices reflectively, before whom any person fhall aldermen, &c. be convicted in manner preferibed by this acf, fhall caufe fuch	^

refpeettive convidtion to be drawn up in the form or to the effect SIl1,?01 following; (that is to fay),

7 TJE it remembered, That on this	day of Formofcon-

To wit. I JO	in the	,	year	of his yitfionbythe

Mayefly's reign, A. B. is convi61 edbefore ?ne	lces*

n	one of his Majefiy's jufices of the peace

for the city, county, or place,

(as the cafe fhall happen to be), for (here fet forth the offence) and I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the fame the flum of	being	the	penalty

by him forfeited; and alfo the fum of for lofs of time and cofts, (if awarded as the cafe fhall happen to be). Given under my hand and feal, or our hands andfeals, the day and year aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Application of all penalties and forfeitures which (hall be levied or recovered and penalties and received, in purfuance and by virtue of this adl, fhall be paid to tor ei ures* the rulers and pverfeers of the faid company, or the major part of them, for the time being, within one calendar month after the fame fhall be levied, and fhall be by them paid and dittributed to the poor aged and decayed freemen of the faid company and their widows, faving only that it fhall be lawful for the faid mayor,

recorder^

 

Perlons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-fions.

Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form ;

nor removeable by certiorari.

Limitation of actions.

Actions for things done in purfuance of this aft, to be brought within three months, and the perfons

recorder, aldermen, or juftices refpeblively, before whom any offender or offenders fhall be convidted, out of the faid forfeitures and penalties, to reward any person or persons who fhall inform of any offence or offences againft this abl, according to the discretion of foch mayor, recorder, aldermen or juftices refpec-tively, fo as fuch reward exceed not one moiety or half part of the refpedive penalties or forfeitures.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if anv person or persons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, aggrieved by the order or judgment of the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen, or juftices of the peace, or overfeers or rulers refpeblively, on account of any offence committed, or fuppofed to be committed againft this add, or againft any of fuch rules, orders, and conftitutions, as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for fuch person or persons to appeal to the next general or quarter feffions of the peace to be holden for the county, city, or place, where any fuch conviblion fhall be made, the person or perlons, at the time of conviblion, entering into a recognizance, with one furety, in the fum of twenty pounds, to profecute fuch appeal with effedl, and to abide by the order or orders which (hall be made on fuch appeal ; and the juft ices in the fahk general or quarter feffions are hereby authorised to hear and-determine every fuch appeal, and to make luch order therein, and to award fuch cofts, as to them fhall appear to be juft and reafonable, and to caufe to be levied, under the order of any fuch feffions, the cofts which fhall be awarded, together with fuch fum of money as any fuch court of feffions, on the hearing any fuch appeal, fhall adjudge to be forfeited, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the person who fhall refufe to pay fuch cofts and fums of money forfeited, or of the person or persons who fhall have been furety or fureties for him as aforefaid.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled. That no order or proceedings, to be made or had by or before the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen, juftices, or overfeers or rulers refpeblively, by virtue of this a61, fhall be quafhed or vacated for want of form; and that the order of the juftices at their general or quarter feffions, within their feveral jurifdiblions, fhall be final; and that no proceedings of the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen, or juftices refpeblively, out of feffions, or in their general quarter feffions, in purfuance of this abl, fhall he removeable by certiorari or other wife*

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no person fhall be punifhed for any offence againft this abl, unlefs fuch person fhall be profecuted for the fame within fix days after the offence committed.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any abl ion or fuit fhall be commenced or profecuted againft any perlon or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this abl, it fhall be brought or commenced within three calendar months next after every fuch caufe of ablion fhall have accrued, and not afterwards, and fhall be brought, laid, and tried, in the county, city, or place, in which the caufe of ablion. fhall have

arifen.

 

1794*] Anno regnl tricesimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 65.	5Sr

arifen, and not e He where; and the defendant or defendants in fuch fued may action or fuit may plead the general iHue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial or trials which fliall be had thereon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this a£f; and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo "done, or if any fuch adfion or fuit fhall not be commenced within the time )aft before limited, or fliall be laid or brought in any other county, city, or place, than where the caufe of action (hall have arifen, then, and in any of fuch cafes, the jury or juries fliall find for the defendant or defendants ; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit, or fhall difcontinue his a6fion or adlions, or if judgment (hall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then, and in any of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant or defendants fliall have double coffs, and fliall have fuch-remedy for reco- Doublecofrs, vering the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or may have for his or their cofts in any other cafes by law.

XVIil. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Claufe in That the flatute made in -the twenty-fourth year of the reign his late urajefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the e*|4t^j uft]Ct.s rendering the juftices of the peace more fafe in the execution of their acting under office, and for indemnifying conjlables and others aftin-g in obedience to this adt. their warrant, fo far as the faid act relates to the rendering the juflices more fafe in the execution of their office, fliall	extend,

and be conftrued to extend, to the faid mayor, recorder, aldermen, and juftices of the peace refpedtively, adting under the authority or in execution of this a£t; and no adtion or fuit fliall be Notice to be had or commenced againft, or writ iffued out, or copy	of writ S,ven	to	pea	e

ferved upon, any peace officer or officers, for any thin^r	done in 0^iccrs	befoie

1	? j 1	t	com it! t n c j n t-

the execution of this adf, until notice in writing fliall have been ppt ainil '

given to him or them, or left at his or their ufual place of abode, him. -

by the attorney for the party commencing fuch adtion, or fuing

out or ferving the copy of the faid writ; which faid notice in

writing fhall contain the name and place of abode of the perfon

who is to bring fuch adbion, together with the caufe of adfion or

complaint, and the name and place of abode of the faid attorney

fhall be underwrote or indorfed thereon ; and any peace officer or

officers fhall be at liberty, and may, by virtue of this adf, at any {^Tnade^b/

time within fourteen days after fuch notice, tender or caufe to be hdn,

tendered any fum or Anns of money, as amends for the injury

complained of, to the party complaining, or to the faid attorney;

and if the fame is not accepted, the defendant or defendants in

fuch a (Ton or actions may plead fuch tender in bar of fuch aTlon

or adlions, together with the general iftue, or any other plea, with

leave of the court; and if, upon iffue joined upon fuch tender, the

jury fliall find the amends tendered to have been fufficient, the faid

jury fliall find a verdidt for the defendant or defendants ; and in and pleaded

fuch cafe, or if the plaintiff fliall become nonfuit, or difcontinue	^

his adffon, or if judgment fliall be given for the defendant or ”

defendants, upon demurrer, the defendant or defendants fliall be

entitled to his and their cofts; and if the jury fliall find that no	or

fuch tender was made, or that the amends tendered were not fuffi- tender 'has

cient, been made.

 

2 verdict recover.

to

A# not to abridge the late duke of Richmond’s tight of holding a court in Grave fend, &c called Curia curfus aquse.

582 Anno regnl tricefirno quarto Georgii III. c 65. [1794.

plaintiff, upon cient, and alfo (hall find againft the defendant or defendants on fuch other plea or pleas by them pleaded, the faid jury fhall give a verdift for the plaintiff*, and fuch damages as they (hall think: proper, for which the plaintiff fhall have judgment, together with his, her, or their full colls.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this aft, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend, or be con-flrued to extend, to the leffening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or otherwife howfoever impeaching, of any right belonging to or lawfully claimed by the late Charles duke of Richmond and Lennox, lord of the manor of Gravefend, his heirs, executors, adminiflrators, or affigns, for the holding a certain court within the faid manor called (Curia curfus aqu<z), or The Court of the Water Courfe, for the better government of barges, boats, and vefiels, ufing the ferry or paffage from the town of Gravefend to London, and of the persons owning or working the fame, or of any other rights, liberties, powers, and privileges whatfoever, belonging to the faid late duke, his heirs, executors, adminiflrators and affigns, relating to the faid ferry or paffage, or to the barges, tilt-boats, or other boats and veffels, ufing the faid ferry or paffage, or plying at the bridge of the faid town of Gravefend, or the persons owning or working the fame, or other-wife howfoever.

XX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That this aft, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the leffening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or impeaching, of any grants, liberties, franchifes, culloms, privileges, or ufages, now or heretofore lawfully ufed, held, or enjoyed, by the mayor, jurats, and capital inhabitants of the villages and pariihes of Gravefend and Milton, in the county of Kent, touching, concerning, or relating, to the paffage and ferry upon the faid river of Thames, from the faid villages and pariihes of Gravefend and Milton to the faid city of London, or touching or concerning the government or gubernation of the faid paffage or ferry; but that the faid mayor, jurats, and inhabitants, and their fucceffors, (hall and may do and execute all and every fuch lawful aft and afts, powers, and authorities, touching the faid paffage and ferry, and the government thereof, as they might or could have done if this aft had not been made; any thing herein Contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withffanding.

Not to abridge XXI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing t|je powers of jn tjqs aiq contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to abridge or alter any of the powers or authorities veiled in the Trinity-houfe, mailer, wardens, and afflflants of the Trinity-Houfe, Deptford inlicenfing	Strond, in and by an aft of parliament,'made and palled in the

manners. eighth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft concerning fea marks and mariners ; nor fhall any mariner or mariners, licenfed or to be licenfed by the faid mailer, wardens, and alfiftants, to row or ufe any boat or wherry on the faid river Thames^ or any of the men employed by the faid mailer, wardens,

or

Nor to leffen Sec. the liberties, See. of the inhabitants of Gravefend,relating to the ferry from Gravefend to London^ &c.

 

■68. 583

Not to affect the prefent laws, unJefs hereby expressly altered or repealed.

Perfons con-vi<5ted under this ad not to be other-wife puniffied.

Offenders not to be twice punifhed for the fame offence.

Publick ad.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66—

or affiflants, in rowing or ufing any ballaft lighters or boats on the faid river, be fuhje£f by reafon of any matter, claufe, or thing herein contained, to the rules, order, or government, of the faid mayor and aldermen.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That all claufes, provifoes, and exceptions, contained in the feveral laws now in being, for regulating watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, or any of them, and not hereby exprefsly repealed or altered, fhall be of fuch and the fame force and effed as they were before the making of this a£L

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That any pcrlon, convided of any offence againff this a£f, and who fhall fuffer for the fame accordingly, fhall not be otherwife punifhed, or fuffer for fuch offence, by virtue of the faid before-mentioned laws, or any other ftatute of this realm, or of fuch prefent or future rffes, orders, and conftitutions as aforefaid, or any of them ; and that no offender againft the faid laws, ftatutes, rules, orders, and conflitutions, or any of them, fhall be twice punifhed for one and the fame offence.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That this ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad ; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. LXVI.

An ad to enable the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury to af-certain what fum fhall be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer, in full fatisfadion of the debt due on the mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys efq; in truft for the late right honourable Richard Rigby, in cafe it fliall appear to the faid lords commiffioners that it will be necefiary to refort to the mortgaged premifes, in order to recover the balance due from the faid Richard Rigby to his Majefty.—[May 23,

I794-]

CAP. LXVII.

An ad for veiling in John Wilkinfon efq; in truft for the affignees of Jofeph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a meifuage and other hereditaments, in St. James’s fquare, purchafed by the faid Jofeph Freeman, of Matthias dc Gandafequi, an alien ; and for difeharging the fame from the right of the crown, in refped of the alienage.-[May 23, 1794-]

CAP. LXVIII.

An aft for the further encouragement of Britifh mariners; and for other purpofes therein mentioned,—[June 11, 1794.]

WHEREAS by an aft^ pajfd in the twelfth year of the reign Preamble, of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intitulecL An a<51	~

for the encouraging and increafing of fhipping and navigation, c#

and by feveral JubJequent ads, Britifh flips importing goods of the growth, production, or manufacture of Afia, Africa, or America, are required to be navigated with a mafer and three fourths of the mariners Britifh fubjefts; and the like flips, importing certain goods particularly enumerated and deferibed in the faid afts, are required to be in like manner navigated, under the penalty of forfeiture of all fuch

goods

12 Car. 8.

 

5S4

After fix months from

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1794.

goods as Jhall be loaden and carried in any fuch Jhip or vejfel, with the Jh[p or veffel, and all her guns, ammunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas the fafety andJlrength of this realm greatly depend on the giving all pojfible encouragement to the training up and employment tf/’Britifh mariners, and it is therefore expedient that all Britifh Jhips and veffels jhoidd be required to be navigated in fuch manner as will left tend to promote that important objedl; be it therefore enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual arid temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the expiration of fix months from the con-the ccncVulion clufion of the prefent war, to be notified in manner herein-after of the pretent mentioned, no goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, {hall be war,no goods, imported or brought into any port or place in the kingdom of ^orted into™" Great Britain, or in the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, Great Britain, or Man, on board any {hip or veffel which is or {hall be re-&c.	giftered,	or	which	by law is or {hall be required to be regiftered

as a Britijh (hip or velTel, unlefs fuch {hip or veffel fhall be navigated by a mailer and three fourths, at leaft, of the mariners Britijh fubjedis.

11 or Shorn And ^ur^ier ena^ec^ by the "authority aforefaid, That, thence hi l°m from and after the expiration of fix months from the conclufion Britilh veffels,

ui'nets the maRer and three fourths of the crew are Britilh fubjedts ;

nor any fnch vclfcls rcgif-tered in Ore; Britain, See. to be other-

but as herein provided

of the prefent war, to be notified in manner herein-after mentioned, no goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, fhall be exported, or {hipped for the purpofe of exportation, from any port or place in the kingdom of Great Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, on board any fuch {hip or veffel as aforefaid, unlefs fuch fhip or veflel fhall be navigated by a mailer and three fourths, at lead, of the mariners Britijh fubjedls.

III.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the ex^ t piration of fix months from the conclufion of the prefent war, to

be notified in manner herein after mentioned, no fhip or veflel which is or fhall be regiftered, or which by law is or fhall be re-°lu^re^ t0 be regiftered as a Britifo fhip or veffel in any of the ports of Great Britain, Guernfey, Jerfey, or The Ifle of Man, or of any of the colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, belonging, or which may hereafter belong, to his Majefty, his heirs, and fuc-ceflors, fhall be navigated but by a mafter and three fourths, at leaft, of the mariners Britijh fubjedls, except as is herein-after provided.

IV.	And whereas by the laws noiv in force [hips or veffels employed in carrying any goods or things whatever from one port or Creek of Great Britain, or of the iflands cfG uernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to another port or creek of the fa?ne,or of any of them,are required to be navigated with a ma/ler and three fourths of the mariners, at leaf, Britifh fubjefts, under the penalty of forfeiture of all fuch goods as Jhall be loaden and carried in any fuch Jhip or veffel, with the Jhip or veffel, and all her guns, a?n?nunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas it is expedient that all Jhips or veffels fo employed, or failing in ballaft from ‘One of the faid ports or creeks to another, Jhould be manned with, and navigated wholly andfolely by, Britifh fubjeffs; he

it

 

x794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68.	585

it therefore further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from No goods to

and after fix months from the conclufion of the prefent war, to ?e carne , .r . .	.	. r	.	. r t	from one place

be notified in manner herein-arter mentioned, no goods, wares, to another in

or merchandizes whatever, fhall be carried from any one port, Great Britain,

member, or creek, or place, of Great Britain, or of the iflands of &c* nor any

Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to any other port, mem- j^ballaft nor

ber, creek, or place, of the fame, or of any of them, in any fuch ^ or^

fhip or veflel j nor fhall any fuch (hip or veffel be permitted to fail coafts, unlefs

in ballatt from one of the laid ports or creeks to another, nor fhall wholly man-

any Britijh fhip or veffel be permitted to fail from the ports or P-n?r ^5ru

coafts'of this kingdom, or of the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Al- 1 u Je ’ •

derney, Sark, or Man, to be employed in fifhing on the laid coafts,

unlefs fuch fhip or veffel fhall refpedtively be wholly and folely

manned with, and navigated by, a matter and mariners all Britijh

fubjedts : provided always, That it fhall and may be lawful for Committion-

four or more of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuttoms in ersofthecuf-

England, and for three or more of the commiffioners of his Ma- th^^vef311*

jetty’s cuttoms in Scotland refpedtively, by licence under their fe|s to have

hands, for which no fee fhall be taken, to authorife any fuch fhip foreign ma-

or veffel employed in fifhing on the coaft of Great Britain,, or of riners to in-

the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to have	Britifh

ii f •	•	’	r	.	1	r	r	'	ones in tiiti-

on board any foreign mariner or mariners, for the purpofe of in- jng.

ftrudting the Britijh mariners in fuch fhip or veffel in the art of

fifhing, or taking or curing fifh, fuch foreign mariner or mariners

not exceeding one fourth of the number of mariners on board

fuch fhip or veffel.

, V. And be it further enabled, That where it is required by Proportions this or any other adt that the matter, and the whole or any pro- °f Britifli portion of the mariners, of any fhip or veffel fhall be Britijh fub-jedts, the true intent and meaning is, that the matter, and the whole voyage whole or fuch proportions fhall be Briti/Jo fubjedts during the unlefs in cer-whole voyage, unlefs in cafe of ficknefs, death, defertion* or of the tain cafcs-whole or part of the crew being taken prifoners in the voyage* and in fuch cafe the matter, or other person having the charge or command of fuch fhip or veffel, fhall fpecify the fame in his report : provided alfo, That nothing in this adt contained fhall ex- aq nof-tend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter, or in anywife affect, any alter any reregulation for navigating or manning of fhips employed in any of Stations for the hfheries carried on from this kingdom, or any part of his '^orifion^as Majefty’s dominions, for which any fpecial provifion has been {,een made. made by any adt or adts in force before the commencement of this adt.

VI.	And, to prevent all doubts ref petting the various terms made ufe of in the fever al laws of navigation with refpett to who are to he deemed and taken to he qualified to be majlers of Britifh Jhips, or to he Britifli failors, Jeamen, or mariners' be it declared and enadted.

That no person fhall from henceforth be deemed and taken to Who fhall be foe qualified to be the matter of a Britijh fhip, or to be a Britijh deemed Bri-failor, feaman, or mariner, within the intent and meaning of this ttih teamen, adt5 or of any other adt now in force, except the natural-born fubjedts of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, or persons na-Vox>, XXXIX.	Q^q	turahzed

Foreign Teamen ferving three years in the navy in time of war may be employed as matters or Britifh Teamen on certificate of their fervice, &e.

No person who has taken

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1794.

turalized by or by virtue of any a£t of parliament, or made denizens by letters of denization, or except persons who have become his Majefty’s fubjects by virtue of conqueft or ceffion of fome newly acquired country, and who (hall have taken the oath of allegiance to his Majefty, or the oath of fidelity required by the treaty or capitulation by which fuch newly acquired country came •into his Majefty's poffeffion, except as is herein-after provided.

VII.	And ivhercas it is expedient that foreigners who haveJ'erved or fhall ferve faithfully on board his Majejlfs fits of war in the prefent or any future war for the time and in the manner herein-after mentioned, jhould be declared to be Britifh failors^feamen, or mariners, within the intent and meaning of the lavas of navigation under certain regulations ; be it further enabled, That every foreign failor, lea-man, or mariner, who fhall have ferved, or who fhall ferve, on board any of his Majefty’s fhips or vefills of war, in time of war, for and during the fpace of three years, either in one and the fame Thip or veflel, or in different fhips or vefiels, and who fhall have obtained a certificate or certificates from the captain or commander, captains or commanders, of fuch fhips or vefiels on board of which he fhall have fo ferved, or in cafe of the death of fuch captain or commander, then upon the certificate of the officer then living who fhall have been next in rank to fuch cap- . tain or commander, teftifying that he has fo ferved, and teftifying his faithful fervice and good behaviour during the time of fuch fervice, and who fhall alfo have taken the oath of allegiance to his Majefty before fome juftice of the peace or principal magif-trate of fome city or town in his Majelty’s dominions, or before the principal officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms in any port of his Majefty’s dominions, which oath they are refpecftively hereby au-thorifed to adminifter, and who fhall obtain a certificate from fuch juftice of the peace, principal magiftrate, or chief officer, of his having taken fuch oath, which certificate they are hereby au-thorifed and required to give upon the payment of no greater fee than that of one (hilling, fhall, from and after the conclufion of the prefent war, be entitled to be employed as a mafter of a Britifh fhip or veftel, or as a Britijh failor, feaman, or mariner, on board any Britijh fhip or veflel, within the intent and meaning of this aiSf, or any of the laws now in force : provided always, That no fuch foreigner fhall be entitled to become the matter of any Britijh fhip or veflel, or to be employed as a Britijh failor, feaman, or mariner, unlefs he fhall have delivered the before-mentioned certificate or certificates of the time he fhall have ferved, and of his faithful fervice and good behaviour, and the before-mentioned certificate of his fo having taken the oath of allegiance to the collector or other chief officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms in the port of London, or in the ports of Chatham, Portfmouth, or Ply-mouth, to be filed by fuch collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, who are hereby required to deliver to fuch foreign failor, feaman, or mariner, an attefted copy thereof, upon paying the fee of one (hilling, and no more.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enadted. That no person who

is

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGH III. c. 68.	587

is or (hall become qualified to be the mafter of a Briti/h fhip or an oath of al-veflel, or to be a Britijh Tailor, Teaman, or mariner, by birth, na- ^egia^ce.to turalization, denization, conqueft, or Tervice, in manner herein- ftale,°except before mentioned, and who has taken or fhall take any oath of in certain allegiance to any foreign fovereign or ftate whatfoever, for any cafes, to be pur’pofe whatfoever, except under the terms of Tome capitulation smaller or ^ upon the conqueft of any of the dominions of his Majefty, his gritifh fea* heirs or fucceftors, by any enemy or enemies, and for the purpofe man. of obtaining the benefit of fuch capitulation only, {hall be deemed and taken to be qualified to be the mafter of a Britijh (hip or veftel, or a Britijh failor, Teaman, or mariner, within the intent and meaning of any of the laws of navigation, unlefs fuch person fhall have taken fuch oath of allegiance before he became fo qualified ; and any person who fhall, after having become dif- Penalty on qualified by taking fuch oath of allegiance as aforefaid, take the difqualified. charge or command of any Britijh fhip or veftel, as mafter or ptrfonsa&ing. commander thereof, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds ; and every person who fhall, after having become fo difqualified as aforefaid, engage to ferve as a Britijh failor, Teaman, or mariner, on board any fuch fhip or veftel, fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the Turn of ten pounds; fuch forfeitures refpebtively to be recovered upon convitSion before a juftice of the peace, if fuch offence (hall be committed in Great Britain, and before any member of the fupreme court of juftice, or any juftice of the peace, if fuch offence fhall be committed in the iftands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man, or in any colony, plantation, iftand, or territory, to his Majefty belonging in America : provided alfo, That no fhip or veftel, on board whereof any Vefiels not to person who is fo difqualified fhall be employed as mafter or com- be forfeited if mander, fhall be forfeited by reafon thereof, if the owner or owners the difquali-of fuch fhip or veftel fhall fhew that fuch difqualification of fuch persons was mafter or commander was unknown to fuch owner or owners unknown to refpe&ively, or to his, her, or their agent or agents, and that the owners, fuch difqualification of fuch failor, Teaman, or mariner, was unknown to fuch owner or owners refpecbvely, or to his agent or agents, and to the mafter or commander of fuch fhip or veftel at the time of engaging fuch person fo difqualified to ferve on board fuch fhip or veftel: provided always, That in the navigation on In America the Teas of America and the TV eft Indies, from any port of America in<}. the Weft and the IVeJl Indies to any port of America and the IVeJl Indies, thelealtvvmi° any negroes belonging to any person or persons being or having 0f the Cape

Hope to any other port to the eaftward of the Gape of Good Hope, heretofore, lafears and other natives of any of the countries to the eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope may be employed as Britijh Tailors, Teamen, or mariners, in manner heretofore praefifed : provided never- No negro of a thelefs, That no negro belonging to any person who has become colony late a fuhjeiPc of his Majefty, in manner before deferibed, in any of the iftands or colonies late under the dominion of his mofl Chriftran French king^

Q.q 2	Majefty,	to	he	employ-

ed as a lea man

.	Hosted	by	

become nis lviajeity s luojects in manner aroreiaiu, and witn tne otooodrtop qualifications aforefaid, and in the feas^to the eaftward of the Cape negroes, fc. of Good Hobe. from anv oort to the eaftward of the Cabs of Good	e Lrn~

5s8

unlefs the conditions of 34 Geo. 3. c. 42. be complied with.

Act not to affect any proclamation under 13 Geo 2. c. 3.

Goods imported, Szc. contrary to this a<5t to be forfeited with the vefiels,

8-YC.

By whom goods, Szc. forfeited may be feized, and how forfeitures may be fued for and how applied.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii 1IT. c. 68. [1794.

Majefty, fhall be entitled to be employed in manner before-men-tioned as a Britijh failor, feaman, or mariner, unlefs all the conditions required by an adl, paffed in the prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to foreign Jhips put under his Majejiy s proteftion, the privileges of prize flips, under certain regulations and rejlriftions ; for allowing aliens in foreign colonies fur-rendered to his Majefly, to exercifc the occupations of merchants or faftors ; and for repealing an aft, paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majejiy, intituledc An aft for granting a liberty to carry fugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of his Majejlf s fugar colonies in America, from the faid colonies direftly to foreign parts, in Jhips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to laiv f and aljo jo much of an aft, paffed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late Majejiy, as amends the faid aft ; fhall have been complied with fo long as the faid adl fhall continue in force.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this add contained (hall extend to take away or reftrain the effedd of

, any fuch proclamation as his Majefly, his heirs or fucceffors, are impowered to make by virtue of an adl, paffed in the thirteenth year of his late Majcfty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the better ftp-ply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majejiy s /hips of war, and on board merchant flips, and other trading Jhips and privateers,

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever,fhall be imported or brought, exported or carried coaltwife, contrary to the provifions of this adh, or any of them, all fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, and alfo the fhip or veffel in which the fame fhall be fo imported or brought, exported or carried coaftwife, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, fhall be forfeited! ; and alfo if any fhip or veffel fhall fail in ball aft, or fhall fail to be employed in fifhing on the coaft in manner herein-before mentioned, or being required to be manned and navigated with a maker and a certain proportion of Britijh mariners in manner herein-before directed, fhall not be manned and navigated according to the provifions of this adl, fuch fhip or veffel, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and all the goods, wares, and merchandize, on board the fame, fhall be forfeited.

XL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the goods, wares, or merchandize, and all (hips or vefiels forfeited by this adl, may and fhall be feized by the commander or commanders of any or his Majeffy’s fhips of war, or any commiflioned, warrant, or petty officer, fpecially appointed by him or them, or by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuf-toms 3 and that every forfeiture incurred by this adl, and whereof the recovery is not fpecially provided for by this adl, may and fhall refpefftively be fued for, piofecuted, and recovered, in fuch courts, and by fuch and the like ways, means, and methods, pnd the produce thereof refpedlively difpofea of and applied in fuch and the like manner, and to fuch and the like ufes and purpofes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law reipedting the revenue of cuftoms

may

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68.	589

may now be fued for, profecuted, or recovered, difpofed of, and applied, either in this kingdom, or in the ifiands of Jerfey, Guernfey,

Alderney, Sark3 or Man, or in any of his Majefty’s other dominions in or out of Europe refpedlively, as the cafe may happen to be.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority On produce

aforefaid, That in cafe any Britijh fhip or veil'd fhall be found at tion of certi-

fea, having on board a greater number of foreign mariners than neceffit^of'^

is allowed by this ad, or any law now in force, or hereafter to be engagjng fG.

made, and the mafter of fuch (hip or veil'd (hall produce a certi- reign mari-

ficate of the adual necefiity of engaging fuch foreign mariners in pers, no vef-

fome foreign port, by occafion of the ficknefs, death, or defertion, ^ained°^>ut^

of the like number of Britifh mariners, or of the fame having tj‘e perfong

been taken priloners during his voyage, and that Brit if mariners authorifed to

could not be engaged at fuch foreign port to fupply their room, make Seizures

and that, for the fafe navigation of fuch fhip or veiTel, it became toiT?orfe the 7	o	l	j	certificates for

neceliary to engage and employ fuch foreign mariners, under the the confidera-

hand of his Majefty’s conful at the foreign port where the faid tion of the

foreign mariners were fo engaged, or if there is not any fuch commiffioners

conful there, under the hands of two known Britijh merchants °tcuft°ins-

at fuch foreign port, it {hall not be lawful for any of the perfons

authorifed by this ad to make feizures of fhips or vefi'els'navigated

contrary to the directions of this ad, to flop or detain any fuch

fhip or veiTel fo found at fea, or to hinder her from proceeding pa

her voyage, but fuch persons fhall, and are hereby required to in-

dorfe the certificate fo produced, teftifying the produdion thereof,

and when and where met with at fea, and that the number of

.. foreign mariners correfpond with the certificate of fuch Britijh

conful, or fuch known Britijh merchants, for the confederation

and inyeficigation of the commifiioners of his Majefiy's cufioms

in England and Scotland refpedively.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That for the purpofes of this Notification ad, the conclufion of the prefent war (hall be holden to be from in the Gazette the time that the fame fhall be notified by proclamation or order to oe deemed of his Majefly in council, to be publifhed in The London Gazette, o/the^var.1^

XIV.	And whereas, by an adt3 paffed In the twenty-fix th year of his Majcfys reign, intituled, An ad for the further increafe and en- *6 Geo. 3. couragement of (hipping 2nd navigation, it is3 amongfl other things, ^n(^0, recite^> enabled, That when and fo often as the property in any fnip or vejfel

belonging to any of his Ma 'jeff s fubjeLts Jhall be transfer-red to any other or others of his Majeffs fubjedls, in whole or in part, the certificate of the regijlry offuch ftp or vejfel Jhall be truly and accurately recited in • words at length, in the bill or other injlrument of fale	\

thereof \ and that oiherwife fuch bill of fale fhall be utterly nidi and void, to all intents and purpofes : and zuhereas doubts have arifen whether, by the faid provifion3 every transfer of property in any fhip of vejfel is required to be made by jome billy or other injlrument in writings and whether contracts or agreements for the transfer of fuch property may not be made without any injlrument in writing ; be it enaded, That no transfer, contrad or agreement for transfer, of after Jan. 1,

property, in any fhip or veflel, made, or intended to be made, J795

Q^q 3	afte.

transfer of

(>%■

7-

On alteration of property in veffels in the port to which they belong, after Jan. i, 1795, the indorsement to be made in a certain form, &c.

590 Anno regm tricesimo quarto GeorgiiIII. c. 68. [1794.

property in after the firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and bevalid unlefs n^nety~five^ (hall vahd or effe&ual for any purpofe whatfoever, made agree- either in law or in equity, unlefs fuch transfer, or contradf or ably thereto, agreement for transfer, of property, in fuch (hip or veffel, (hall be ^	by	bill of fale or inftrument in writing, containing fuch re-

/t) ~^c 01)- iZrr^.cital as prefcribed by the faid recited a£t.

‘ UjQ XV. And whereas, by the laws now in force, upon any alteration * of property in any Jhip or veffel in the fame port to ivhich fuch Jhip or veffel belongs, an indorfement upon the certificate of regiftry is required to be ?nade ; be it enadted, That fuch indorfement (hall, from and after the firft: day of January one thoufandj feven hundred and ninety-five, be made in the manner and form herein-after ex-prefted, and (hall be figned by the person or persons transferring the property of the faid fhip or veffel, by fale, or contract or agreement for fale thereof, or by fome person legally authorifed for that purpofe by him, her, or them, and a copy of fuch indorfement (hall be delivered to the person or persons authorifed to make regiftry, and grant certificates of regiftry, otherwife fuch fale, or contradl or agreement for the fale thereof, (hall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; and fuch person or persons fo authorifed to make regiftry, and grant certificates of regiftry, are hereby required to caufe an entry thereof to be in-dorfed on the oath or affidavit upon which the original certificate of regiftry of fuch fhip or veffel was obtained, and (hall alfo make a memorandum of the fame in the book of regiftry, and (hall forthwith give notice thereof to the commiffioners of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland, under whom they respectively a£t:

Form of Indorfement on Change of Property.

T)E it remembered, That [/or we) [names, refidence, and occu-pation, of the persons felling] have this day fold and transferred all [my or our] right, fhare, or inter eft, in and to the Jhip or veffel [name of the (hip or veffel], mentioned in the within certificate of regifiery, unto [names, refidence, and occupation, of the pur-chafers]. JVitnefs \jny or our hand or hands] this [date in words at full length.]

Signed in the prefence of

[two witneffes].

Form of indorfement.

If veffels be XVI. Provided always, That if any fhip or veftel (hall be at abfent from fea, or abfent from the port to which (he belongs, at the time which	when (uch alteration in the property thereof (hall be made as

belong, when aforefaid, fo that an indorfement or certificate cannot be imme-altcration in diately made, the fale, or contract or agreement for the fale the property thereof, (hall notwithftanding be made by a bill of fale or other the^fde ihall^ ^n^trument writing as before dire&ed, and a copy of fuch bill flill be made °f or otber inftrument in writing, (hall be delivered, and an as before di- entry thereof (hall be indorfed on the oath or affidavit, and a me-reded, See. morandum thereof (hall be made in the book of regifters, and notice of the fame (hall be given to the commiffioners of the cuftoms, in the manner herein-before dire&ed j ^nd within ten

days

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c 68.

days after fuch fhip or veflel (hall return to the port to which fhe belongs, an indorfement fhall be made and figned by the owner or owners, or fome person legally authorifed for that purpofe by him, her, or them, and a copy thereof (hall be delivered in manner herein-before mentioned, otherwife fuch bill of fale, or contract or agreement for fale thereof, fliall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and entry thereof fliall be indorfed, and a memoradum thereof made, in the manner herein-before dire&ed.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaCted, That in all cafes where the owner or owners of any fhip or veflel fhall reiide in any country not under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, as member or members of fome Britijhfactory, or agent or agents for, or partner or partners in, any houfe or co-partnerfhip actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland at the time when he, fhe, or they fhall transfer fuch property in any fhip or veflel, fo that an indorfement cannot be made immediately, nor a copy of fuch bill of fale, or other inftrument in writing, be delivered, nor an entry thereof indorfed on the oath or affidavit, nor a memorandum thereof made in the book of regiflers, nor notice of the fame given to the commiffioners of the cuftoms, in the manner before-mentioned, the fame may be done at any time within fix months after fuch transfer fhall have been made, and that within ten days after, fuch owner or owners, or fome person legally authorifed for that purpofe by him, her, or them, fhall arrive in this kingdom, if fuch fhip or veffel fhall then be in any port of this kingdom, and if not, then within ten days after fuch fhip or veffel fhall fo arrive, an indorfement fhall be made by the owner or owners, or fome person legally authorifed for that purpofe by him, her, or them, and a copy thereof fliall be delivered in manner herein-before mentioned, otherwife fuch bill of fale, or contraCb or agreement for fale thereof, fhall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and entry thereof fhall be indorfed, and a memorandum thereof made, in the manner hereinbefore direded.

XVIII.	And whereas, by an alt, pajjed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An act more effectually to fecure the performance of quarantine, and for amending feveral laws relating to the revenue of cuftoms, certain provifons were, amongjl other things, made to prevent the majlcrs of Jhips or vejfels from wilfully and mail cionfy detaining and refufing to deliver up the certificates ofJhips regijlry, to the prejudice of the owners of fuch Jhips or vejfels : and whereas the good purpofes intended by thoje provifons have not been effected; and it is therefore expedient to make further provifons for preventing the rnafers of'Jhips or vejfels from withholding certificates of regijlry, to the prejudice of the owners of fuch flips or vejfels : be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaia, That in cafe the matter of any fhip or veffel, who fhall have received the certificate of the regiftry thereof, (whether fuch matter fliall be a part owner or not), fhall wilfully detain and refufe to deliver vp fhe fame to the proper officers impowered to make regiftry

Q^q 4	and

591

Regulations for transfer of property where owners re fide in any country not under thedo-minion of his Majefty.

28 Geo. 3. c. 34«

Mode of proceedings when matters withhold certificates of regiftry.

 

Penalty for

withholding

certificates.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1794.

and grant a certificate thereof, on the owner or owners, or the major part of the owners, of fuch (hip or veffel, if fuch mailer has not any property therein, or on the other owner or owners,or the major part of the other owners, of fuch fhip or veffel, if fuch mailer hath any {hare or property therein, requiring him fo to do, it may and {hall be lawful to and for the owner or owners, or the major part of the owners, of fuch fhip or vefiel, the certificate of regiftry of which fhall be detained and refufed to be delivered up as afore-faid, to make complaint on oath againft the mafter of the {hip or vefiel who {hall fo detain and refufe to deliver up the fame, of fuch detainer and refufal, to any juftice of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch detainer and refufal {hall be in Great Britain, or to any member of the fupreme court of juftice, or any juftice of the peace in the iflands of Jerfey^ Guernfey, or Man^ or in any colony, plantation, ifiand, or territory, to his Majefty belonging in America or the IVeft Indies, where fuch detainer and refufal {hall be in any of the places laft-mentioned, and on fuch complaint the faid juftice or other magiftrate fhall, and is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe fuch mafter to be brought before him, to be examined touching fuch detainer and refufal ; and if it fhall appear to the faid juftice or other magiftrate, on examination of the mafter, or otherwife, that the faid certificate of regiftry is not loft or mifiaid, but is wilfully detained by the faid mafter, fuch mafter {hall be thereof convided, and fhall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, and on failure of payment thereof, he {hall be committed to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for fuch time as the faid juftice or other magiftrate {hall in his difcretion deem proper, not being lefs than fix months, nor more than twelve months.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That the faid juftice or other magiftrate {hall, and he is hereby required to certify the aforefaid detainer, refufal, and convidion, to the person or persons who

wh^cf^redftrv §rante<^ certificate of regiftry for fuch {hip or vefiel, who maybe made*	on the terms and conditions of law being complied with,

de novo. make regiftry of fuch {hip or vefiel de novo, and grant a certificate thereof conformably to law, notifying on the back of fuch certificate the ground upon which the {hip or vefiel was fo regiftered de novo.

XX.	And whereas it is expedient that the officers impovoered to make regifry of jhips and vcffels, and to grant certificates thereof.\ in cafe any fuch fhip or veffel is required to be regiftered de novo, fiould be authorised to require the production of every bill or other infrument of fate, by which the property in any fhip or vefiel is transferred; be it

perty1 fs^tranf- t^eref°re enabled by the authority aforefaid. That when and fo often as the property in any fhip or vefiel belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjeds fhall by fale be transferred, in whole or in part, to any other or, others of his Majefty’s fubjeds, and fuch fhip or vefiel fhall be required to be regiftered de novo, it fhall and inilrument of may be lawful to and for all and every.the officer and officers irafale be pro- powered to make regiftry of fhips and veftels, and to grant certificates thereof, to require, and he and they are hereby authorifed and direded to require, the bill or other inftrument of fale thereof

Ml.

Juftices to certify detainer of cer-

ferred no veffel to be regiftered de novo by the regiftcr unlefs

duced ;

 

593

17940 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68.

to be produced to him or them ; and in cafe fuch bill or other inftrument of fale (hall be fo required to be produced, and the fame fhall not be produced to fuch officer or officers, the faid officer or officers fhall not make a regiftry, nor grant a certificate of regiftry de novo, for any fuch fhip or veffel: provided always,v That it fhall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Ma- but the com-jetty’s cuftoms in England, or any four or more of them, and the commiifioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, or any three may g*lv’e or more of them refpecfively, if application fhall be made to the directions for faid commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpec- the regiftry. tively, and for the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, for the time being, of the iflands of Guernfey or Jerfey, or of any colony, plantation, ifland, or territory, to his Majefty belonging, if fuch application fhall be made to any of them relpec-tively, upon due confideratipn of the particular circumftances of the cafe, to give diredtion for regiftering fuch fhip or vefiel de novo, and granting a certificate of fuch regiftry, notwithftanding fuch bill or other inftrument of fale fhall not have been produced as aforefaid, and fuch regiftry fhall be made, and fuch certificate thereof fhall be granted accordingly: provided always.

That all the other regulations required by the laws in force concerning the regiftry de novo of fhips and veffels be complied with.

XXI.	And whereas^ by an adly puffed in the feventb and eighth 7&8GUI.3, years of the reign of his late majefty King William the Thirds in- c* tituledy An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in the plantation trade, it is, amongft other things, enaftedy That in cafe' there be any alteration of property in the fame porty by the fale of one or more jhares in any jhipy after regiftering thereof Juch fale fall aU .ways be acknowledged by indorfement on the certificate of the regijier before two witnefifesy in order to prove that the entire property in fuch Jhip remains to fome of the fubjefls of England : and whereas it is expedient to author ife and require, the proper officers imfowered to rc-gtfier Jhips and vejfehy and to grant certificates thereof to iffue regijlers de novo in any cafe where part of the property of any Jhip or veffel jhall be fo transferred, if the owners or proprietors offuch jhip or vefi fely who were owners thereof at the time fuch jhip or vefiel was lafi regifieredy or whofe property therein has not been fo transferrecly Jhall be defirous of having a certificate of regiftry de novo, inflead of the indorfement on the old regijier, as now required: be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe there fhall be any On alteration alteration of property in the fame port, by the fale of one or more of property in fihares in any fhip or vefiel, after regiftering thereof, and the port, G owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of fuch fhip or vefiel, they maybe who were owners or proprietors thereof at the time fuch fhip or regifteredde vefiel was laft regiftered, or whofe property therein has not been uovo* fo transferred, fhall be defirous of having the fhip or vefiel regiftered de novoy it fhall and may be lawful to and for the proper officers impowered to regifter fhips and veffels, and to grant certificates thereof, and fuch officers are hereby authorifed and required to regifter every fuch fhip or veffel de novoy provided all the rules, regulations, and conditions of the before recited aft,

puffed

 

From March i, 1795, on transfer of property in veflels to per-fons not fub-je<fts of bus Majefty, maf-ters of veflels to adt as herein directed 'f

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1794J

pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and of all other laws in force concerning the regiftry of (hips and veflels de novo be complied with.

XXII.	And whereas Britifh Jhips or vejfels, the property of which is in whole or in part transferred to persons not being fubjefts of his ' Majefty, are not entitled to the privileges ^/'Britifh J,hips and vejfels ; and to prevent frauds in the employment of fnch Jhips or vejfels as Britifh Jhips or vejfels, contrary to the intention of the laws of navi-gation? they are now by law required\ in certain cafes, to be regiftered de novofor which purpofe it is neceffary that fuchjhip or vejfel Jhould proceed, with all due diligence, to the port to which Jhe belongs, or to any other port in which jhe ?nay be legally regijlered, by virtue of the faid aft, paffed in the twenty fixth year of his prefent Majeftfs reign, in order to be regijlered de novo ; be it enadled, That, from and after the firfl: day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, as often as any fuch transfer of property in any fhip or veflel {hall be made, while fuch fhip or veflel is upon the fea, on a voyage to a foreign port or ports, in cafe the mafter of fuch fhip or veflel is privy to fuch transfer, or, in cafe he is not fo privy,

• as foon as he {hall become acquainted therewith, fuch fhip or veflel {hall proceed direclly to the port or ports for which the cargo then on board is deftined, and fhall fail from fuch port or ports, to which the cargo then on board is deftined, to the port of his Majefty’s dominions to which fhe belongs, or to any other fuch port in which {he may be legally regiftered bv virtue of the faid a£I, and fuch fhip or veflel may take on board, in the port or ports for which her original cargo was deftined, or in any other port or ports, being in the courfe of her voyage to the port of his Majefty’s dominions in which fhe may be fo regiftered de novo, fuch cargo, and no other, as fhall be deftined and may be legally carried to fuch port of his Majefty’s dominions, where fhe may be fo regiftered de novo ; and if fuch transfer of property fhall be made while fuch fhip or veflel is in any foreign port, and the mafter of fuch fhip or veflel is privy to fuch transfer, or, in cafe he is not fo privy, as foon as he fhall become acquainted therewith, fuch fhip or veflel, after having delivered the cargo then on board fuch fhip or veflel at the port or ports for which it is deftined, fhall fail from fuch port or ports to the port of his Majefty’s dominions to which fhe belongs, or to any other fuch port in which fhe may be legally regiftered by virtue of the faid a£I, and may take on board, at the port or ports for which her original cargo was fo deftined, or at any other port, being in the courfe of her voyage to the port of his Majefty’s dominions in which fhe may be fo regiftered de novo, fuch cargo, and no other, as fhall be deftined, and may be legally carried to fuch port of his Majefty’s dominions, where fhe may be fo regiftered de novo ; and if fuch transfer of property fhall be made while fuch fhip or veflel is on a fifhing voyage, and the mafter of fuch {hip or veflel is privy to fuch transfer, or, in cafe he is not fo privy, as foon as he fhall become acquainted therewith, fuch fhip or veflel, after having finifhed fuch fifhing voyage, without touching at any foreign port

or

 

1794-1 Anno regni tricefirno quarto Georgii IIL c. 68.	595

or ports, except for the purpofe of repairs or refreftiments, or for delivering any part of the cargo fhe may have on board deftined for • fuch foreign port or ports, (hall fail to the port of his Majefty’s dominions to which (he belongs, or to any other fuch port where fhe may be legally regiftered by virtue of the faid adt, and may take on board, at the foreign port or ports laft defcribed, or at any other port or ports, being in the courfe of her voyage to the port of his Majefty’s dominions where fhe may be fo regiftered de novo, fuch cargo, and no other, as (hall be defined and may be legally carried to fuch port of his Majefty’s dominions, and every fuch (hip or veftel as aforefaid fhall be regiftered de novo as foon as (he returns to the port of his Majefty’s dominions to which fhe belongs, or to any other fuch port in which fhe may be legally regiftered by virtue of the faid aft; on failure whereof fuch (hip or veftel (hall, and on failure to all intents and purpofes, be from thenceforth confidered, and °* compli-deemed and taken to be a foreign fhip or veftel, and (hall not	"

again be regiftered, and be entitled to the privileges of a Britijh deemed fo-(hip or veftel, unlefs upon fpecial reprefentation of the circum- reign, and net ftances of the cafe to four or more of the commiftioners of his entitled to the Majefty’s cuftoms in England, or to three or more of the commif- ^itiih^vef^ls fioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotla?jd, or to the governor, unlefs the lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, for the time being, commifiioners of the iflands of Guer?fey or Jerfey, or of any colony, plantation, ^ the cuf-ifland, or territory, to his Majefty belonging, as the cafe may be, think fit&c the faid commiftioners, governor, lieutenant governor, or com-	’

mander in chief, (hall refpedlively, on confideration of the fpecial circumftances of the cafe, think (it to order ; and in fuch cafe, they are hereby authorifed to order that the faid fhip or veftel fhall be regiftered, and be thereby again entitled to the privileges of a Britijh (hip or veftel, and fuch regiftry (hall be made, and fuch certificate thereof (hall be granted accordingly : provided always, Qn transfer That all the regulations required by the laws in force, concern- of property ing the firft regiftry of fhips and veftels, (hall in every fuch cafe veflels to be be complied with : provided neverthelefs, That in no cafe of the reglfter^d de

r V r	-1,	•	r	n •	rr i • novo Within

transfer of property,, in whole or in part, of any (hip or veftel, in limited times, the manner herein-before mentioned, the (hip or veftel, of which the property is fo transferred, (hall be regiftered de novo, or be entitled to the privileges of a Britijh (hip or veftel, unlefs fuch fhip or veftel fhall return to the port of his Majefty’s dominions to which (he belongs, or to fuch other port in which (he may be regiftered de novo, within the period of twelve months after the date of fuch transfer of property, if fuch (hip or veftel (hall not be on a voyage to the eaft of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the weft of Cape Horn, or within two years, if the (hip or veftel is on a voyage to the eaft of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the weft of Cape Horn, at the time fuch transfer of property fhall take place, except by the order of the faid commiftioners, governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief refpecHvely, upon fpecial reprefentation of the circumftances of the cafe, in manner hereinbefore authorifed.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for the discharge of certain insolvent debtors. [June 11,1794.]

[Preamble.]
WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great prejudice and detriment which afts of infolvency produce to trade and credit, it may be convenient, in the prefent condition of the gaols in this kingdom, that fome of the prifoners who are now confined therein Jhould be fet at liberty : be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the pafling of this aft, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prifon, in any county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, {hall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exaft, and perfeft lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every person or perfons, who, upon the twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, was or were under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every fuch lift {hall be really an aftual prifoner or prifoners, in the cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, of any prifon re-fpeftively, upon any procefs whatfoever, for or by reafon of any debt, damage, cofts, furn or fums of money, or contempt for nonpayment of money; and an account of the time when fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were refpeftively charged in cuftody, or received in prifon, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whofe fuit or profecution fuch prifoner or prifoners is or are detained; and {hall deliver the fame to the juftices of the peace, at their fir ft or fecond general quarter fefiion, or general feflion of the peace, to be held after the palling of this aft, or at fome adjournment thereof, for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty refpeftively.

Gaolers to make out lifts of prisoners who, on Feb.it,1794, and at the time of making out, were in cuftody for debt.

Lifts to be delivered to the quarter fef-fion.

Warden of the Fleet, &c. to take an oath on delivering in lifts.

II. And be it further enafted, That the warden of his Majefty’s prifon of the Fleets and marftial of the King’s bench prifon, and every other gaoler and keeper of any other prifon in any place or liberty, {hall feverally, on the delivering in of any fuch lift of prifoners in their refpeftive cuftody, take an oath, in the open court of fuch general quarter feflion of the peace, or at fome adjournment thereof, to the effeft following; (that is to fay,)

Oath.	j A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty Gody do

folemnly fwear, profefs, and declare, That all and every person and perfons, zuhoje name or names is or are infertecl in the lift by me now delivered in and fubfcribed, was and were, to the bejl of my knowledge and beliefs really and truly prifoners in aftual citjlody, in the prifon or gaol of	on	the	twelfth

day of February one thoufandfeven hundred and ni?iety~four, at the fuit or Juits of the J ever alp erJon or persons therein refpeftively mentioned.

Sm^niftered Which the faid juftices,- at the firft or fecond general quarter fek in open court, ftpH or general feflion aforefaid, or at fome adjournment thereof,
within their refpedlive jurifdi&ions, are hereby empowered and and entered at required to adminifter in open court; and the words of the faid {^gtom 0 oath, herein-before dire&ed to be taken by the faid warden and marfhal, and other gaoler or keeper of any prifon refpe£fively,

{hall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which {hall be delivered in by them refpedlively, and fhall be fubfcribed and fworn to by them refpedtively in open court; and the words of the oath to be taken by every fuch warden, marfhal, gaoler, or keeper refpecftively, fhall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which fhall be delivered by them refpe&ively, and fhall be fubfcribed and fworn to by them refpedlively, in open court; and every fuch lift, which fhall be fo delivered in, fubfcribed, fdib to be and fworn to, in purfuance of this a£f, fhall be kept by the clerk Jjjl of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the ^hich niaybe peace of every fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or examined liberty refpe&ively, in which any fuch lift as aforefaid fhall be gratis, fworn to, for the better fatisfadfion of the faidjuftices, and information of all or any prifoner or prifoners therein named, and fo as the fame may, from time to time, be feen and examined by any creditor or creditors, or prifoner or prifoners, without fee or reward.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Three copies all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol or prifon, fixecfu^in 6 is and are hereby required, ten days at leaft before the btft ot each prifon, fecond general quarter feffion or general feffion of the peace fhall &c.

be held after the paffing of this adt for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol or prifon fhall be, or to which the fame fhall belong, to fix up, in fome confpicuous place or places in every fuch prifon, and at the moft frequented and ufual gate, door, or entrance, into every fuch prifon, three or more true copies of the lift or lifts propofed or intended to be delivered in by any fuch gaoler or keeper at the faid general quarter feffions, or at fome adjournment thereof.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That all and every person and Prifoners on persons who, on the twelfth day of February one thouland feven

hundred and ninety-four, were charged in any gaol or prifon for uncjer ioooj any debt or debts, fum or fums of money, which did not amount whofe names in the whole to a greater fum than one thoufand pounds, and whofe fhall be inname or names fhall be inferted in any fuch lift to be delivered in as aforefaid, who fhall take the oath herein-after mentioned, and this	be

fhall perform, on his or her part, what is required to be done by difcharged. him or her by this a£t, fhall be for ever releafed, and difcharged and exonerated, in fuch manner as hereafter is provided.

V.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful Juftices on for any juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, riding, divi- petition of fion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, upon the

petition of any fuch prifoner or prifoners to any juftice or juftices fchedulc of of the peace, within his or their refpeblive jurifdidfions, upon every his eftate, may fuch prifoner or prifoners fo petitioning, and, at the time of his or their her fo petitioning, leaving with the juftice or juftices of the peace brTrSn°-him who fhall be fo petitioned, a true copy of the fchedule, containing to the quarter

his ieflions, &c.

598 Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeORGii III. c. 6-g. [1794.

his or her intended difcovery of his or her real and perfonal eftate, to be fworn to at the firft or fecond general quarter fefiion next enfuing after every fuch petition, or Tome adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, to require the fherifF or fheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any fuch prifon, within the jurifdiblion of any fuch juftice or juftices, to bring before the juftices at the firft or fecond next general quarter feflion or general feffion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the cafe (hall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of fuch warrant, for fuch ref-peblive county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any perlon being in the faid prifon as aforefaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the caufe or caufes which he, fhe, or they is or are charged with in any fuch gaol or prifon as aforefaid, at the time aforefaid; for which copy or copies of caufe or caufes, fuch prifoner fhall apply to the faid'gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon, or to the clerk of the papers, or other person who fhall make out and tranfcribe the fame, at leaft fix days before the time of his or her difcharge; which warrant of every juftice or juftices, every fuch fheriff and fheriffs, gaoler or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey,

VI.	And be it alfo enabled, That the copy of every fchedule which fhall be left with any fuch juftice or juftices fhall, within ten days after the fame fhall be fo left, be tranfmitted by the juftice or juftices with whom the fame fhall be fo left, to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer abling as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the fame fhall have been fo left, there to remain and be in-fpebled, from time to time, as occafion fhall require, by any creditor of any fuch prifoner who (hall defire to infpebl the fame.

VII.	And be it alfo enabled, That every fuch juftice or juftices who fhall refufe or omit, for the fpace of ten days, to tranfmit

Juftices to tranfmit fchedules to »the clerk of the peace for infpebtion of creditors.

Juftices omitting for ten

days to tranf-	1	w

mit fchedules C0Py t^e fchedule, fo left with him as aforefaid, to the clerk

to forfeit iol. of the peace, town clerk, or other officer abling as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the fame fhall have been fo left, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum often pounds ; which fhall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier, by ablion of debt, together with cofts of fuit, in the name of any person who fhall prolecute for the fame; and one moiety of which money forfeited fhall, when recovered, go to the party who profecutes for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parifh in which the offence fhall be committed.

Debtors in

VIII. And be it further enabled, That all and every debtor and a^r^ortheir ^e^tors w^° inter)d to apply to be difcharged and exonerat-difchargeto under this abl as aforefaid, fhall firft caufe publick notice to give previous be inferted in three feveral London Gazettes, previous to fuch ge-noticethrice in neral or quarter feffion or general feftlon, or the adjournment tte Gazette, thereof, at which fuch application lhall be made; and if fuch debtor fhall be in cuftody in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69.	599

bills of mortality, then alfo in fome newfpaper which fhall be publifhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or (he (hall be fo in cuftody, containing the name, trade, and occupation, and the two laft places of abode, if fo many, of every fuch debtor and debtors, and the prifon wherein he, fhe, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this a£t, and mentioning fuch notice in each Gazette or newfpaper to be the firft, fecond, or third notice, according to the time of publifliing each of fuch notices; the firft of which faid notices fhall be fo inferted in the faid Gazette, or in the faid other newfpapers, as the cafe may require, twenty-one days at leaf!:, and the laft of the faid notices fix days at leaft before any fuch firft or fecond general quarter fefiion or general fefficn, or adjournment thereof, fhall be held as aforefaid, fo that as well all the creditors who have not charged the faid debtor or debtors in cuftody, as thv>fe creditors who have charged fuch debtor or debtors in execution, or on mefne procefs, or otherwife, may have fuflicient notice thereof.

IX.	AndL> to the Intent that all creditors may have full and fuffici-ent time to confider the ?natters and things contained in the fchedule or fcheclules intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtors; be it further enadled. That every fuch debtor, when he or fhe fhall Debtors to (according to the dire&ions of this a£t) publifh the firft notice of deliver fche-an intention to take the benefit of this a£t, he or fhe fhall, in fuch d^jS to ttic notice, declare that the fchedule containing his or her intended vfoustoThe difcovery of his or her real and perfonal eftate (to be fworn to in firft notice; manner as by this a£l directed) is lodged in the hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of fuch gaoler or keeper, of the prifon wherein any fuch debtor fhall be confined, and every fuch debtor is hereby diredted and required to deliver fuch fchedule to fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy, as the cafe may be, before he fhall publifh fuch firft notice as aforefaid, figned by his or her own Chrif-tianandfurname,to be attefted by any fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy; and in cafe any debtor fhall negledt or refufe to deliver one fuch and on neg-fchedule to fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy, prior to fuch his firft notice to be given as aforefaid, he or fhe, upon due proof made of prifon> fuch negledl, to the fatisfadfion of the court to which fuch debtor fhall make application, fhall be remanded back to prifon, there to remain till he or fhe fhall have complied with the diredlions aforefaid; and every fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is hereby Gaolers to diredfed and required to atteft the fignature of the debtor’s name -of^fche to fuch fchedule, and to receive the fame into his cuftody and ^u]es an(i charge, giving a duplicate thereof to every fuch debtor, with an givedupli-acknowledgement of his having received the original ; and he is cates to hereby further required to deliver a true copy of any fuch fchedule, figned by himfelf, upon requeft made to him by any creditor for tors requiring that purpofe, in writing, fuch copy to be delivered to the creditor them, on pe-himfelf, or to fuch person as he fhall appoint to receive the lame, nalty ofaol. within three days-after demand made; and if any fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy, fhall negletft or refufe to conform to the directions hereby given him refpe&ing fuch fchedule3 every fuch gaoler,

keeper,

 

6oo

Notices to be given in the following

Form;

and to be figned by the debtor and gaoler. Debtors applying at the lelfions, proving notices were duly infer ted, &c.

fhall in open court deliver in figned fchedules.

Anno regnl trlcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

keeper, or deputy, ib offending, Shall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds to any person who fhall fue for and recover the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, at Weflmhifler, by aftion of debt.

X. And be it further enabled, That the notices to be given by every debtor, in manner directed by this a£l, fhall be to the effect following; (videlicet),

I[infert the name, trade, occupation, and two laft places of abode, if fo many] now confined in	,	[infert the name of the prifon and

county], and not being charged in cuflody, on the twelfth day of February one thoufand [even hundred and ninety four, with any debt or debt fum or fiums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one thoufand pounds, do hereby give this publick notice, being

[infert the firfi, fecond, or third, as the cafe may be], that I do intend to take the benefit of an aft, pajfied in the thirty fourth year of his prefent Majejlys reigni intituled. An adi for the relief of infolvent debtors ; [and if it be the firfi: notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that a true and perfeft fchedule, containing a difcovery of all my real and perfonal efiate, hereafter to be fworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the fame, in manner aforefaid, to the gaoler or keeper, or his deputy, of the faid prifon.

And every fuch notice fhall be figned by the debtor, and cOunter-figned by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of fuch gaoler or keeper, of fuch prifon.

XI. And be it further enadted, That every fuch debtor as aforefaid, not being charged as aforefaid, on the twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and nitety-four with any debt or debts, fum or fums of money, in the whole to a greater amount than to the fum of one thoufand pounds, who fhall apply to the general or quarter fefiion, or any adjournment thereof, fhall, in cafe it fhall be proved upon oath, or by producing the faid three Gazettes and newfpapers before mentioned, to the faid juftices at any fuch fefiion, or the adjournment thereof, that fuch notices were inferted in the London Gazette, and other newfpapers, were required in manner aTherein-before is directed, and that the person or persons fo applying was or were actually a prifoner or pri-foners on the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, in the gaol or prifon in which his, her, or their name or names is or are fpecified in the lift delivered in at any fuch firft or fecond feftion, or any adjournment thereof as aforefaid, in purfuance of this adi, fhall, in open court, at the faid general quarter fefiion or general feftion, or any adjournment thereof, fubfcribe and deliver in a true fchedule or account of all his or her real eftate, in pofleftion, reverlion, remainder, or expectancy, and alfo the whole of his or her perfonal eftate, which he or fhe, or any person or persons in truft for him or her,, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or adyantage> is or are feifed of, interefted in,

or

 

1794-1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6g.	601

or entitled to* or was or were in his or her poflellion at any time fince his or her commitment to prifon, with the names of his or her feveral debtors* and where they refpe&ively live, or may be met with ; and the feveral fums of money from them refpedfively owing, and how the fame refpe&ively became due, and are fecur-ed, and if by moragage* fpecialty, contraff, note, or other writing, then the name and names, and places of abode, of the feveral witnefles who can prove fueh debts or contrails, (if there be any fuch), and fhall aifo make oath and fwear to the effeit following \ *nd make the (that is to fay),	following

T A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty God, do Oath* folemnly fuoear, protefl, and declare, A hat on the twelfth day of February one thoufand fiven hundred and ninety-four, 1 was really and truly a pr if oner, in the aSlual cujlody of	in	the

prifon or gaol of	at	the	fuit	of

without any fraud or collufion whatfiever; and that I have, ever finee my commitment, continued a prifoner within the prifon of

in the aSlual cujlody of the gaoler or keeper of the faid prifon of	or	within	the	liberties	thereof,

at the fuit of	and	without any fraud or

collufion whatfoever; and that the fchedule now delivered by me, and fubferibed, doth contain, to the bejl of my knowledge, remembrancey and belief a full, juft, true, and perfeSl account and dfcovery of all the goods, effects, and ejlates, real and perfonal, in pojfiffon, rever-fion, remainder, or expectancy, which I, or any person in trujl for me, or for my benefit or advantage, are fifed or poffiffed of interejled in* or entitled to, or was or were in my poffeffion at any time fince my commitment to prifon, and of all debts which are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trujl for me, and of all the fiecurities and contrasts whereby any money now is, or will or ?nay hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my ufe, or to any person or persons in trujl for me, and the names and places of abode of the feveral perfonsfrom whom fuch debts are due and owing, and of the zvitnejfis that can prove fuch debts or contrasts [if any fuch there be], and that neither I, nor any other person or persons in trujl for me, or for my ufe, have any lands, money, Jlock, or any efate, real or perfonal, in pojfffon, reverfion, or remainder or expeSlancy, other than what are in the faid fchedule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for myfelf and family, working tools, and necejfaty implements for my occupation and calling, together with a fum of money not exceeding five pounds, and thefi in the whole not exceeding the value of thirty pounds; and that 1 have not nor any body for me hath, direSUy or indireSlly, fold, lefjened, or otherwife conveyed, difpofid of in trujl, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, fiock, debts, ficurities, contrasts, or efate, real or perfonal, whereby toficure the fame, or to receive or expeSi any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom 1 am or was indebud in any wifi hoivfoever,

So help me GOD*

. Vol. XXXIX,

Rr

And

 

602 Anno regni tricetimo quarto GfeofeGii III. c. 69. [1794.

Schedule and And the faid fchedule and oath fhall be, by every fuch debtor, fubfcribed in the prefence of the juftices in open feffioti of the peace, as hereby is diredied, and (hall be kept by, and remain with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adUng as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, divifion, town, or place, where the fame (hall be fubfcribed and taken, for the better informatiosi of ah the creditors of fuch debtor who fhall dehre or may have occalicn to refort thereto, and every fuch ere* dltor fliali be at liberty, at feafonable times in the day time, to perufe and examine the fame.

XII. And be it further enabled. That the juftices of peace within their refpediive jurifdidfions, at any fuch general quarter

oath to be fubfcribed in court, and remain with the clerk of the peace for perufal of creditors.

Court, at the requeft of a

proved, the court to order his dif-charge.

creditor rod ^*-“**kL iuvu	n&ity	men	^udiici

examine* gTob feffion or general feffion, or adjournment thereof, at the requeft of *rs on oath, any creditor or creditors of any fuch debtor, are hereby authorifed to caufe the deputy warden and marlhal of the Fleet and King?s bench prifon, and any other under officer, tipftaff, and turnkey ,	of any gaol or prifon, and any other perfon, within their refpec-

live jurifdi&ions, to come before them, and to examine them re-fpe&ively on oath touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths preferibed by this a8t to be taken, and the truth thereof; Bebtorisoath and if the oath which fhall have been taken in open court by any not being dif- debtor or debtors iliall not be difproved by good teftimony of any credible person or persons on oath, and fuch juftices, or the major part of them prefent at any fuch general quarter feffion or genera! feffion, (hall be fatisfied with the truth of the oath taken by any fuch refpedlive debtor, then fuch juftices {ball, in fuch feffion, or feme adjournment thereof, adjudge fuch debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this a61; and fhall order the laid fheriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of fuch prifon or pri-fons, forthwith to fetat liberty fuch prifoner or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or reward; and every fuch order fhall be a fufficient difeharge to the fheriff or fhcrifts, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, and fhall indemnify him or them againft: any efcape or efcapes, or action or a&ions whatfo-ever for efcape, which fliali or may be brought, commenced, or profecuted, againft him or them.

Eft ate and XIIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That effects of dif- a]j the eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, of fuch debtor of, ors^fted in*” anc^ unto>	rea^	eftate, as well freehold and copyhold as

the clerk of cuftomary, and all the perfonal eftate, debts, and effedts, of every the peace, fuch debtor, fhall, immediately after fuch adjudication, be, and who is to af- the feme js hereby vefted in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, to fuch crecfi or ot^er °®cer acting as clerk of the peace, of and for the county, tors as the riding, city, town corporate, divifion, liberty, or place, where court fhall any fuch debtor (hall be refpedtively difeharged ; and every fuch dire<ft, &c. clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, is hereby dire&ed and required to make an alignment and conveyance of every fuch debtor's eftate and effedts, vefted in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace as aforefaid, to fuch creditor or creditors of the faid debtor as the juftices, at any general or quarter feffion of

the

 

*794-] Annoregni triccfimo quartoGeoROII III. c. 6g>	603

the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which (hall be held by them within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, (hall order and dire£t, which alignment and conveyance (hall be good and effe&ual in law, to all,intents and purpofes whatfoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper ftamped, to veft the eftates thereby aflign-ed and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the fame (hall be fo affiigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, according to the eftate and intereft the debtor had therein ; and every fuch alignment and conveyance fhall be in truft for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every fuch debtor to whom the fame fhall be made, and the reft of the creditors of fuch debtor, in refpedh of or in proportion to their refpedtive debts; and every person or persons to whom any fuch alignment and conveyance as aforefaid fhall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to fue, from time to time, as there may be occafion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any eftate or effedts of any fuch debtor, and alfo to execute any truft or power vefted in, or created for the ufe or benefit of any fuch debtor, but in truft for the benefit of him or themfelves, and the reft of the creditors of every fuch debtor, and to give fuch difcharge and difcharges to any debtor or debtors of any fuch person as fhall be requisite; and every fuch Affignees to affignee or aflignees fhall, with all convenient fpeed after his or ^ fell them their accepting any fuch alignment or conveyance, ufe his and &c#	1

their beft endeavours to receive and get in the eftate and effedts of every fuch debtor, and fhall, with all convenient fpeed, make fale of all the eftates of fuch debtor vefted in fuch affignee or affignees ; and if any fuch debtor {hail be interefted in or entitled to any real eftate, either in poffieffion, reverfion, or expedtancy, the fame, within the fpace of two months after every fuch alignment and conveyance, fhall be fold by publick au&ion, in fuch manner, and at fuch place, as the major part of the creditors of any fuch debtor, who fhall affiemble together on any notice in writing, publifhed in the London Gazette, or in fome daily paper, if the debtor before his going to gaol refided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elfewhere, then in fome newfpa-per which fhall be publifhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in which fuch debtor dwelt before . h^or {he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any fuch fale fhdll be made, fhall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on ; and every fuch affignee or affignees, at the end of three months at Affignees to fartheft from the time of his or their accepting any fuch affign- m;^e divi-ment or conveyance as aforefaid, (hall make a juft and fair divi-	vv^h[?

dend of all fuch debtor's eftate and effie&s, which (hall have been	nuking	*

then recovered, amongft his or her creditors, in proportion and up their ac-in regard to each creditor's refpedtive debts ; but before any fuch counts and dividend fhall be made, fuch affignee or aflignees (hall make up *hein 01? an account of fuch debtor's eftate, and make oath in writing, oat^ before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, town, liberty, or place, in which any fuch debtor (hall, have been difcnarged, that every fuch account contains a juft

R r 2	and

 

30 days notice of making dividend to be given.

None to fhare till they have proved their debts.

Reality of debts may be inquired into at the fef-fions.

Surplus of effects to be paid the debtor.

and fair account of the eftate and effefts of every fuch debtor got in by or for fuch affignee or affignees, and of all payments made in refpedt thereof, and that all payments in every fuch account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and notice of the making of every fuch dividend fhall be publifhed in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is herein-before diredled to be publifhed, thirty days at lead before the fame fhall be made; and no creditor fhall be allowed to receive any fhare of fuch dividend, until he fhall have made out the juftnefs and identity of his refpedlive debt by oath, or due proof, in writing, before fome juftice or juf-tices; and if any creditor of fuch debtor fhall be diffatisfied with the reality or fairnefs of any debt claimed by any other creditor., then the fame, at the requeft of any fuch creditor or creditors fo diffatisfied, (ball be examined into by the juftices of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, in which fuch debtor fhall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this adt, at their next general or quarter feflion, and what they fhall there determine in the premiles fhall be conclufive to all parties ; and if, after payment of all fuch debtor’s creditors, there fhall any of his eftate and effects remain, afrer payment of all reafonable charges, the fame fhall be paid to fuch debtor, his executors, or admini-ftrators.

XIV.	Andy for obviating any doubts which may ctherwife arife how far the fever a I powers and authorities, by this aft vejled in or given to clerks of the pcacey may be lawfully done, exercifedy or performedy by the deputy or deputies of the clerk of the peace for the county palatine tf/'Lancafter, (the faid office of clerk of the peace for the faid county palatine being held by letters patent from his MajeJl'jy with the power of executing the fame by deputy or deputies) j be it further enadled and declared, That all alignments and conveyances of the eftate and effedts of any debtor or debtors, and all other adts, deeds, matters, and things, which fhall be done, exercifed, deputy clerks or performed, in the execution of this adt by any deputy or depu-forthe county ties of the clerk of the peace for the faid county palatine of Lan-of Lancafter, cajlery or by the person or persons who, for the time being, fhall exercife and perform the trufts and duties of the faid office within and for the faid county palatine, fhall be of the fame force, validity, and effedf, in the law, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been done, executed, or performed, by the clerk of the peace of the faid county palatine of Lancajler for the time being.

XV.	Andy to the intent that no lofs may arife to any creditor or creditors from any negleft or omijfwn in the fcheduley not containing the whole of the efatey real or perfonaly belonging to any debtor who fnall apply for his or her difehargey under the authority of this aft; be it enadted, That all the eftate, whether real or perfonal, which fhall belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, fhe, or they, fhall be adlually pofTefted at the time of making fuch fchedule, fhall be deemed and taken to be a part of the eftate contained in fuch fchedule, though not inferted therein, and fhall in like manner become vefted in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as fuch, to all intents and purpofes, as if the

fame

Powers of clerk of the peace to extend to the

Eftates pf debtors not inferted in fchedules to be.vefted in the clerk of the peace.

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69.	605

fame had been contained in fuch fcheduJe, and had been delivered into the^court according to the direftions of this a61.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it ena£ted, That no person Securities holding any fecurity whatfoever, for which the infolvent never without valu-received any valuable confideration, fhall be entitled to receive rations void" any benefit from his eftate.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enadbed. That in cafe ofEftatestofce the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, or

other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace as aforefaid, in whom p^cefor the the eftate, right, title, intereft, or truft, of any debtor or deb-time being, tors fhall have veiled by the authority of this a61, every fuch eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, fhall become veiled in the	,r,

fuccefior or fucceffors to every fuch clerk of the peace, town ; .,*«• clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace as aforefaid refpedlively, as the cafe may be, to all intents and purpofes what-foever, under the provifions of this a£L

XVIII.	Provided further, and be it alfo enabled, That no No fuit in

fuit in equity fhall be commenced by any affignee or affiignees of equity to be any fuch debtor’s eftate and effects, without the confent of the ^^utcon-major part in value of the creditors of fuch debtor, who fhall fent Gf maj0. meet together purfuant to a notice to be given in the London rity, in value. Gazette for that purpofe.	ot creditors;

XIX.	And be it further ena6led by the authority aforefaid.

That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling Schedules to as clerk ,of the peace, of every refpe£live county, city, and be produced county town, and county riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, ^ec^ and place, with whom any fchedules of the eftates of any infol- creditors; vent debtor or debtors fhall be left, and his fucceffors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a£ling as clerk of the peace as aforefaid, fhall, on the reafonable requeft of any creditor or creditors of fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and fjiew to fuch creditor or creditors, or his . or their attorney, in the day time, the fchedule of the eftate of any fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, which fhall be left with any fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a6ling as clerk of the peace, or his predeceffor in that office; and that a and figned copy of every fuch lchedule, figned by the clerk of the peace, copies to be town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, in whofe evidenc^* cuftodv the fame fhall be, or his deputy, purporting to be a true copy of fuch fchedule, without being wrote on damped paper, fhall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatfoever as legal evidence of the fame ; and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy. Clerk of the town clerk, or other officer a6ling as clerk of the peace, fhall, peace refuting on reafonable requeft as aforefaid, negle£t or refufe to produce to fchedules^&c any fuch creditor or creditors as aforefaid, or his or their attorney, to forfeit \ol/ any fuch fchedule as aforefaid, and to permit the fame to be and treble infpe&ed as aforefaid in the day time, on fuch payment or tender cofts. as aforefaid being made to him, or fhall afk or take more than after the rate of fixpence by the fheet, each fheet to contain feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for lefs than feventy-two words in a fheet, or fhall refufe to make and deliver a copy of

R r j	any

6o6 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgti III. c. 69. [1794.

any fuch fchedule on being requefted as aforefaid fo to make the Came, and having the money tendered to him for payment of fuch copy after the rate aforefaid, {hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, which {hall and may be fuea for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejl~ minjier, by action of debt, together with treble cofts of fuit, in the name of any person who fhall profecute for the fame, and one Application moiety of which money forfeited fhall, when recovered, go to the of penalty. party who profecuted for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parifh in which the offence {hall be committed. ^mf^und0 XX. Provided always, and be it enaded, That before fuch time with lords of as anY afftgnee or affignees as aforefaid {hall enter on, or take manors for any profit from, any copyhold or cuftomary eftate as aforefaid, he copyhold or or they fhall agree and compound with the lord or lords of the tates111^ manor or manors of whom the fame (hall be holden, for the payment of fuch fine or income as, upon any furrender and admif-fion thereto, hath heretofore been moft ufually accuftomed to be paid ; and that upon every fuch agreement or compofition the faid lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or fome fubfequent court, which fhall be holden for the faid manor or manors, after fuch agreement made, fhall admit fuch affignee or affignees, tenant or tenants, to fuch copyhold or cuftomary pre-mifes, according to the cuftom of the faid manor or manors of which the fame {hall be holden, for and during fuch eftate and intereft as the faid debtor had therein at the time of his or her being adjudged entitled to the benefit of this ad as aforefaid, re-ferving the rents, duties, heriots, cuftoms, and fervices, payable and to be rendered in refped of the faid copyhold or cuftomary premifes.

The debtor’s XXL Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained {hall extend beaffe°dedby to Prejuc^ce or affecl any eftate or intereft, or right whatfoever, this ad. of any other person or perfons, other than the faid debtor, which may be expedant upon or fubjed unto the eftate or intereft of the faid debtor, hereby vefted in the faid clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace ; but that the eftate, intereft, and right whatfoever, of every other person or perfons, {hall remain, continue, and be faved, to them, in the fame manner as if this ad had not been made.

Mortgages, XXII. Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority afore-placed f cl alms	That nothing in this ad fhall extend, or be confirmed to

of an inferior hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon th£ eftate of nature.	fuch debtor or debtors, or any part thereof, to take place upon

the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprifed in fuch mortgage or mortgages refpedively, nor to prevent any ftatute ftaple, ftatute merchant, recognizance, or judgment, acknowledged by or obtained againft any fuch debtor or debtors, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real eftate of fuch debtor or debtors ; and alfo where any inquifition fhall have been taken upon any fuch ftatute or recognizance, or any writ or execution fhall have been taken out and delivered to the fheriff or proper officer upon any fuch judgment, before fuch difcharge fhall be given in open

feffion

 

1794'] Anno regni tried! mo quarto Georgii IIL c.

feflion to any fuch person as aforefaid, the perfonal eflate of every fuch debtor refpe&ively fhall be fubjedl thereto, in the firft place, for fo much as fhall remain due upon fitch mortgage, flatute, recognizance, or judgment respectively, in like manner as fuch mortgagees and creditors, by ftatute, recognizance, or judgment, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, againft the real or perfonal eftate of fuch debtor and debtors refpeCtively, if this a£l had not been made; any thing herein^-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-flandi ng.

XXIII.	And whereas many persons who may he entitled to and claim the benefit of this a£l are feifed and pojfeffcd of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to fuch debtors for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leafes, and taking fines, referving fmail rents on fuch efiates for one, two, or three lives, in poffieffon or reverfon, or for fome number of years determinable upon lives; which faid povjers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of fuch debtors : be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That in every fuch cafe, all and every the powers of leafing fuch Power of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or (hall be veiled yefteffin” 8 in any fuch debtor or debtors as aforefaid, fhall be, and are hereby afijgnees. veiled in the affignee or affignees of the real and perfonal eftate of fuch debtor, by virtue, of thisaCl, to be by fuch aifignee or aflignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of fuch debtors as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And whereas, in fome gaols or prifons in this kingdom, the office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwife, by per-fons who never a5i as gaolers or keepers the?nfelves, or know any thing of the prifoners therein, but depute or employ fome person or persons under them as gaolers or keepers of fuch gaols or prifons; be it therefore enadled. That in every fuch cafe, the person who fhall have The acting been actually employed and adled as deputed gaoler or keeper of

any fuch gaol or prifon at the time of the delivering in the lifts Hvering lifts hereby directed to be delivered in, of prifoners in any fuch gaol to be the per* or prifon, at any general or quarter feffions of the peace, or fome f°n fworo? adjournment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper, (un-Jpfs where fuch principal gaoler or keeper fhall a6t as gaoler or keeper himfelf), fhall take tfie oath herein-before appointed to be taken by tfie gaoler or keeper of every fuch gaol or prifon.

XXV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the Court, at re, juftices, at any general or quarter feifions of the peace, or ad- 3uors°toad*i journment thereof, to which any prifoner fhall be brought in pur- minifter to fuance of this a£fc, fhall, if required by any creditor or creditors gaolers the of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, who fhall oppofe his or her dif- following charge, adminifter and give to the gaoler, or the person who adls

as gaoler or keeper of any fuch prifon, at the time of bringing up any fuch prifoner, in order to be difcharged under this adl, an oath to the following effect; (that is to fay),

J A, B. do fwear, That	was really and truly a Oath.

£ prifoner in my cuflody, in the prifon of	to	the

R r ^	bejl

bcjl of my knowledge and belief at or upon the twelfth day ^February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four \ and that the copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of his [or her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the faid	and

produced to this courts is or are a true copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of fuch detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatfoever, to the befl of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

Jf the gaoler delivering in lifts, was not gaoler on Feb. 12, 1794, he ftiall take the following

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, on the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or fince, fhall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon at the time any fuch lift as aforefaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the juftices, at any fuch feftion, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to adminifter and give to the refpedlive person or per-fons who fhall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, and deliver in any fuch lift as aforefaid at any fuch general or quarter feftion, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any fuch prifon, to the effecft following; (that is to fay).

Gath.	T	A. B. do fwear, Float 1 have examined the commitments, or books

kept of or concerning the commitment of prifoners to the prifon of in the [county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty of	as	the	cafe fhall be], and that I do verily believe

that the faid commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this purpoje; and by them it doth appear that	was,	on the twelfth day ^February one

'thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-four, really and truly a prifoner in the aClual cujlody of	the	then	gaoler or keeper, or

deputed gaoler or keeper, of the faid prifon, without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person or perjons, to my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

Court, at requeft of creditors, may examine

XXVI.	And, in order to difcover any fraudulent entries or commitments of debtors in any gaol books ; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices, at any general or quarter feftion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby aur thorifed, at the requeft of any creditor or creditors of any debtor, gaolers oa to convene before them, at fome certain time to be appointed by oath touching them, any person or persons who was or were gaoler orheeper, commit- or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or prifon within their meats.	refpective	jurifdidtions, on the faid twelfth day of February one

thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or at any time fince ;r and to examine every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in cuftody of any fuch debtor, as the juftices, at any fuch general or quarter feftion, or adjournment thereof, fhall think fit; and if any

fheriff,

 

1794*] Annoregni tricesimo quartoGeorgii III. c. 69.	609

fheriff, gaoler, or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, fhall neglect Penalty on ,or refufe to bring before fuch juftices, at any fefEon of the peace, ? rrj5s,*&c* or adjournment thereof, any fuch prifoner as fhall be direded and orc[ers of required by warrant of any juftice or juftices as aforefaid, or to court, &c. attend on being fummoned for that purpofe, he fhall on conviction fuffer fix months imprifonment, or if any gaoler or keeper attending, (hall refufe to make anfwer and difcovery in the pre- , mifes, as fhall be reafonably required at fuch general or quarter feffion, or any adjournment thereof, he, fhe, or they, fo offending in the premifes, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name, and for the ufe of the party injured, by adion of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminjter, together with treble cofts of fuit.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any gaoler puties, fhall, withot at fome general qu;

adjournment thereof, within their refpedive jurifdidions, refufe notcomplying or delay to bring any fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid to with the realty fuch general quarter fedion, or general feiTion, or fome ad- g^at*S.ns journment thereof, in order to his or her difcharge; or fhall1 ls a negled, refufe, or defignedly omit to infert, in any fuch lift, the name or names of any fuch prifoner or prifoners who was or were adually in cuftody in his or their refpedive gaol or prifon, on the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or (hall negled or refufe to make out, fix up, or deliver, fuch lifts as aforefaid ; or if any fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, fhall negled or refufe to take any of the faid oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or fhall detain any fuch prifoner after he or fhe fhall be difcharged as aforefaid ; or if the printer of The London Gazette, or other newfpaper as aforefaid, fhall wilfully refufe or negled to infert therein the notice by this ad: direded to be given, on rea-fonable requeft to him made for that purpofe, every fuch gaoler and keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, his deputy or deputies, and every fuch printer as aforefaid, fhall, being duly convided thereof, fuffer three months imprifonment.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any fuch gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any Penalty on deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon, fhall, in taking of the gaolers per-afore-mentioned oaths, forfwear or perjure himfelf, and fhall thereof be lawfully convided, fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of fuch prifon or prifons, (over and above fuch penalties as may be inflided on persons convided of perjury), fhall, upon every fuch convidion, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered with full cofts, by bill, plaint, or information, or adion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminijler, wherein no efToin, protedion, or wager of law, fhall be allowed, by and in the name of fuch person or perfons, his and their executors and adminiftrators, to whom any

affign-

)r keeper of any prifon, or his deputy or de- Penalty on : juft caufe, to be approved of by the juftices gaolers, and :ter feffion, or general fefiion of the peace, or

 

Perrafty ora clerks of the

cst adjudications of dif-ckarges, &c.

610 Anno regm tricesimo quarto Georgii Ilf, c. 69. [*794*

alignment or conveyance, in purfuance of this a<9, (hall be made* of the eftate and effedls of fuch prifoner or prifoners, and if no fuch affignee or affignees {hall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors,, who {bail fbe for the faid penalties, to be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety towards fatisfa<9:ion of the debts of fuch his creditor or creditors, oi tne XXIX. And be it further enabled, That if any cleric of the srefufirro- peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as t>o grve copies clerk of the peace, (hall delay or refufe to give every or any fuch debtor, adjudged to be entitled to his difeharge as aforefaid, within fourteen days after fuch adjudication, 2 copy of the order of adjudication, on the payment of two (hillings and fixpence, or fhall take more than the lum of two fallings and fixpence for fuch copy, or fhall. take more than one {hilling for an alignment of conveyance of fuch debtor’s eftate or effects, every ftich clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, who (hall fo offend, and who (hall be con-vidlcd at any fuch general or^quarter feffion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any fuch offence, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to every fuch prifoner, the fum of twenty pounds, as the juftices of the peace, at any fuch general or quarter feffion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, fhall order, and who are hereby impowered to caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of any fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, ©r town clerk, or other officer adfing as clerk of the peace fo offending.

XXX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any debtor as aforefaid, who fhall take the benefit of tfite a£l, fhall wilfully forfwear and perjure himfelf, herfelf, or them-felves, in any oath to be taken under this a£l, and (hall be lawfully convidled thereof, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall differ fuch punifhment as by law may be inflicted op persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That no person entitled to the benefit of this a£l fhall, at any time hereafter, be imprifoned by reafon of any judgment or decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, bond, damages, contempts for nonpayment of money, cofts, fum or fums

me debts prior Gf money contracted, incurred, occafioned, owing, or growing iz» ^tie, before the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, but that upon every arreft upon every judgment, or fuch decree, or for fuch debts, damages, contempts, cofts, fum and fums of money, it (hall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the procefs iffued, or for any two juftices of the peace, upon (hewing the copy of fuch order of adjudication as aforefaid, to releafe and difeharge out of cuftody fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid, and at the fame time, to order the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch fuit or fuits to pay fuch prifoner or prifoners the cofts he, (he, or they (hall have incurred on fuch occafion, or fo much thereof as to fuch judge or juftices (hall feem

juS

debtors for* fovea ring flvemfelVes to foe deemed tru'diy of per-lurry.

liebtotrs discharged by siiia ari not kable to im-touifonment

*224*

 

794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69.	611

jft and reafonable ; and every fuch judge is hereby impowered 3 to do on fuch prifoner’s caufing a common appearance to be ntered for him in every fuch adlion and fuit.

XXXII. And whereas, under former afts of this kind., doubts ^ave arifen what was to be done with fuch prifoners who applied at my fejfton to be difcharged, who owed and flood charged with debts, s well previous as [ubfeqiient to the day limited by the refpcftive a£ls : o remedy which, be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That no prifoner or prifoners fhall be difcharged of any debts Prifoners not ncurred fubfequent to the twelfth day of February one thoufand difcharged of ’even hundred and ninety-four, and if it fhall appear to the juftices, to^Feb n any feffion or adjournment, that any prifoner or prifoners, 1794, * :hen applying to them to be difcharged, fhall Hand charged as ' yell with debts previous to as fubfequent to the twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, that in uch cafes, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the juftices to iifcharge the person of fuch prifoner on account of all debts incur-•ed previous to the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and to remand him or her back to the cuftody of the keeper of the prifon from whence he or fhe was brought, for all debts with which he or fhe ftands charged with in his cuftody, incurred fubfequent to the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That in cafe any perfon, being a prifoner, charged in execution Prifoners who, on the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feypn hundred ^nas^infol and ninety-four, and having before or fince that day petitioned vent debtors, any court to be difcharged as an infolvent debtor, and having have been reconformed to the feveral provifions of the laws in being for that manded back purpofe, fhall have been brought up, and by the court before ^’^^eiTdif which fuch prifoner was fo brought up, remanded back to the charged' with-prifon or gaol from which fuch prifoner was brought up, there to out their con -continue in execution on the undertaking of his or her plaintiff or fent> entitled plaintiffs, to pay to him or her two fhillings and four-pence weekly ^his adt and every week, during fuch time as fuch prifoner fhould remain in execution at the fuit of fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, and fuch prifoner fo continued in execution fhall have been or fhall be difcharged from fuch execution by his or her plaintiff or plaintiffs, without his or her own privity and confent, fubfequent to the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and before the day whereon he or fhe might otherwife have applied to take the benefit of this adt, every fuch prifoner fhall be entitled, notwithftanding fuch difcharge, to the fame relief and advantage, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, which he or fhe might or could have otherwife obtained by virtue of this adt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any adtion of efcape, or any fuit or adtion, be brought A<ft may be

againft any juftice or juftices of the peace, fheriff, gaoler,

keeper of any prifon, for performing their office, in purfuance of efcape#

$his adt, they may plead the general iflue, and give this adt in

evidence ;

 

612 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georg^i III. c. 69. [1794.

evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, or difcontinue his a£ffon, or verdidt pafs againft him, or judgment upon demurrer, the defendant (hall have treble cofts.

XXXV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, A£t may be That if any fcire facias or adlion of debt or upon judgment fhali P^ded gene- be brought againft any prifoner, his or her heirs, executors, or ra y* c* adminiftrators, upon any judgment obtained againft any fuch prifoner, or on any ftatute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, with refpedt to debtors in adfual cuftody on the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, it fhali be lawful for any fuch debtor, his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to plead generally that fuch debtor was actually a prifoner in fuch prifon at fuch a perfon’s fuit on the twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and was or were duly difcharged, according to this adt, at the general quarter feflion, or general feffion, or adjournment thereof, held at fuch time and place for fuch county, riding, divifion, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their cafe is), without pleading any matter fpecially, and in cafe any other fuit or adlion fhali be commenced againft him, her, or them, for any other debt, fum, or films of money, due before the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, to plead in difcharge of his or her person from execution, (over and above fuch matters as aforefaid), that fuch debt or fum of money (as the cafe (hall happen) was contracted or due before the faid twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, without pleading any other matter fpecially; whereto the plaintiff fhali or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforefaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may fhew the faid defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this a£f, or not duly difcharged according to it, in the fame manner as the plaintiff might have replied in cafe the defendant had pleaded this adl, and his difcharge, by virtue of this adl, fpecially, and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, difcontinue his action, or verdidl pafs againft him, or judgment on demurrer, the defendant to have treble cofts.

Attomies or XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this adt contained fervants em- fhaq extend, or be conftrued to extend, to releafe or difcharge ney? excluded any attorney at ^aw5 or folicitor, or any other person or persons the benefit of adling, or pretending to adl as fuch, with regard to any debt this adt. with which he or they fhali ftand charged for any money, or other effedls, recovered and received by him or them, for the ufe of any person or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor, or other person or persons adling as fuch, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own ufe; or to releafe or difcharge any fervant or agent, or any person or persons employed or intruded as luch, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, fhe, or they fhali ftand charged for and on account of any money, goods, or other effedfs, received or pof-feflefd by him, her, or them, for the ufe and on account of his.

 

*794-] Anno reghi tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69.	613

ler, or their mafter or maflers, or employers, and by fuch fervant >r agent embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his, her, or heir own ufe; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXXVII. And whereas many evil-dfpofed perfons, to fupport heir profligate way of life, have, by various fubtle Jlratagems, threats, vid devices, fraudulently obtained divers fums of money, goods, wares,

Merchandize, bonds, bills of exchange, promijjory notes,	other fecu-

dties for money, to the great injury of indujlrious families, 0

nanifejl prejudice of trade and credit; be it ena£ted, That no pri- Perfons ob*

[oner, who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe pretence or pre- taining mo*

fences, fhall have obtained from any person or persons money, r^eten-

goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promil- ceS) excluded

fory notes, or other fecurities for money, fhall have or receive the benefit of

any benefit or difcharge by or under this a£t; but the juftices at this adt;

any general or quarter feflion of the peace, or any adjournment

thereof, before whom any fuch prifoners fhall be brought, upon

due proof of the matter, made to their fatisfadlion, fhall remand

fuch prifoner to the cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of the prifon

from whence he or fhe fhall have been brought, any thing herein

contained to the contaary notwithftanding.

XXX VIII. And zvhereas many debtors, for rents of lands, mefifua-ges, houfes, or other premifes, have, with a fraudulent intent to dif-appoint the right of their refpeflive landlords, removed the flock, cattle, furniture, goods, or other effects, which zvere fubjedl and liable to be dift rained for the fatisfadlion of the faid rents \ be it ena£led by the authority aforefaid, That no prifoner or prifoners, who, in a and persons fecret, clandeftine, or fraudulent manner, fhall have removed, or caufed to be removed, within fix years before the pafHng of this value of5ol. a£l, any fuch flock, cattle, furniture, goods, or effedfs, of the liable to pay-value of fifty pounds or upwards, which were fubj'edl and liable to ment °f rent; be diftrained by their refpedlive landlords for or in payment of fuch rent or rents, whereby fuch landlord or landlords fhall have loft all or fome part of the rent or rents due to him, her, or them, as aforefaid, fhall be difcharged by or under this adl, but fhall, on due proof of the matter as aforefaid, be remanded in manner herein-before mentioned j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX. And zvhereas many debtors have, with a view to defraud their creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed, or ajfigned, their ejlate and ejfefts to fome person or perfons, fubjequent to their being in cuflody of law, or imprifoned under fome procefs for debt: and whereas fuch (ale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, hath been fraudulently made, to the infinite prejudice of the fair and honejl creditor, though fufjflci- . ent proof could not be obtained to convict the party of a fraudulent defign: be it enacled, That whenever it fhall be proved, by one anc* or more credible witnefs or witnefles, to the fatisfadlion of the a^nfngn^f.°r court to which any prifoner fhall be brought up, in order to fetfs to de-obtain his or her difcharge, that fuch prifoner has fold, transferred, fraud credit conveyed, or afftgned, to any person or perfons, all or any parttors* of his eftate or effects, fubfequent to the time of his imprisonment,

Hosted by CjOO^lG

Anno regni tricesimo Quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

ment, without juft caufe for fo doing, to be allowed by the jufti-ces prefiding in fuch court as aforefaid, every fuch debtor fhall lofe all the benefits and advantages that he might otherwife have claimed under the authority of this a<5l, and fhall not be entitled to his or her difcharge; and every fuch fale, transfer, conveyance, or aflignment, is hereby declared to be null and void.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every gaoler or keeper of any prifon fhall, and is hereby required

on penalty of 40I,

Gaolers to permit prifon*

ken^ith^&c". t0	in	the	day-time,	any person or persons defiring the fame,

to fee and fpeak, in the lodge, or fome convenient room in the faid prifon, with any prifoner or prifoners, whofe names are in-ferted in the above-mentioned lift or lifts, or London Gazette, or other newfpapers, or any of them, and alfo fee, in the true and genuine books of the faid prifon, the entries made of the name or names of fuch prifoner or prifoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whofe fuit or fuits he, fhe, or they, are or were detained; and if any fuch gaoler or keeper fhall neglecSl or refufe to comply with what is here above required, every fuch gaoler or keeper who fhall fo offend in the premifes fhall forfeit and pay to the person fo refufed and aggrieved the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered with cofts of fuit, by a£tion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Wejlminfter, wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons fo refufed and aggrieved.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That if any gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon or prifons, fhall make or caufe to be made any falfe entries, in any book or books belonging to any prifon or gaol under his care, or of which he is or was gaoler, or fhall prepare or keep, or caufe to be prepared or kept, any falfe book or books, in order for any falfe or untrue entry or entries to be made therein, or fhall inl'ert in any lift to be delivered in as aforefaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not in a£iual cuftody as aforefaid, (except as in the oath of every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, fhall be excepted), every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, fhall, over and above the penalties which he fhall be liable to for every fuch fraud, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered with treble coils of fuit, by and in the name and for the ufe of any person or perfons, who fhall be prejudiced by any fuch falfe entry or entries, which penalties fhall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weji-minjler, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

Debtorsrefuf- XLII. And be it further enabled. That if any debtor, being the tra^^ancT t^iereunto required by any creditor, fhall refufe to difcover and abode of the declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or laft place oi person at abode, of the person or persons at whofe fuit he or fhe is or was whofe fuit de- detained or charged in cuftody, or if any prifoner being called for tamed, &c. to	a	ano

Gaolers making falfe entries, &c. to forfeit 500I.

 

i794’] Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeorgiI III. c. 69.	6i§

and defired by any creditor or creditors to come to the lodge of be excluded the prifon in which any fuch prifoner fhali be confined* without fome reafonable caufe being made appear to the contrary, every fuch debtor* upon proof being made thereof before the juftices at any general or quarter feftion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforefaid, ihall not have or receive any benefit or difcharge by or under this a <9:; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not with Handing.

XLIII. And whereas there is but one common or county gaol for each of the refpediive counties of York or Lincoln* which f/uid counties are each of them divided into federal ridings or divifions, all which have fevered commijfens of the peace; and if the gaoler of thofe gaols he obliged to carry the debtors, prifoners therein, to the quarter fejfon of each riding or divifon, the fame will be a very great charge, not only to fuch gaolers, but alfo to the prifoners, in thofe large counties; be it therefore enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That it Juftices may fhali and may be lawful for two or more juftices of the peace for any of the ridings or divifions in the refpedfive counties, (or any •Other county or counties where the prifons are at a diftance from Gr near the the place where the feflions are held), at the common or county county gaoL gaol thereof refpedfively, or at fome convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to afiemble and meet* and to hold feftion there, by adjournment from their refpedtive quarter feftion from time to time, for the difcharge of the refpediive prifoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this adL

XLIV. And whereas the divifon or difridl a/'Holland, in the fold county of Lincoln, is diflant near forty miles from the faid county gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expenfve for the juf ices of the peace adding for the faid divifon to be obliged to travel to the faid gaol for the foie purpofe of difeharging the prifoners under the powers by this act given 5 be it therefore enadted, That for the feveral pur- Juftices for the pofes aforefaid, the juftices for the faid divifion or diftridfc of Hoi-land may adjourn their original feflions to the county gaol, or j^uriTto^or ~ fome place near thereunto; and that it fkall and may be lawful near the com** for any two juftices of the peace, adting either for the parts of tygaoL Lindfey, Kef even, or Holland, to hold fuch adjourned feftions for the l'ole purpofe of difeharging fuch prifoners ; notice of the adjournment of fuch original feftion being given by the clerk of feftions to fuch juftices, and who (hall attend there to regifter the proceedings of the faid court, fo far as the fame relate to or affedt the difcharge of any prifoner detained for debt in the divifion of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this adt.

XLV. And whereas the next general quarter fejfon s of the peace for the cotinty of Surrey, which fliall happen after the pajjing of this a£i, may be in the country, and kptvards of' twenty miles from any of the faid prifons 5 be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftices as (hall be af- Juftices for fembled at the general quarter feftion of the peace to be holden Surrey may for the county of Surrey, next after the palling of this adt, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the faid feftion to

the

 

616 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii ILI. c. 69. [1794*

' the borough of Southwark, for the purpofe of adminiftering the oaths required to be taken and fubfcribed by this adt,- by the fe-veral gaolers within the faid county, and for the difcharge of prifoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and diregions of this adt.

XLVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Prifonersjn That all debtors and others, who were ih prifon on or before the fees, &c. to be twelfth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-•difcharged. four, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or other demands, due or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any prifon refpedtively, or to any other officer of fuch prifon, and upon no other account, fhall be difcharged therefrom, he, fhe, or they, taking the oath by this a61 required to be taken by prifoners.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted by Adt not to ex- the authority aforefaid. That this adt (hall not extend, or be contend todebtois {j-rueci to extend, to difcharge any person feeking the benefit of to the crown .	l	o	j	r	o

or revenue. this with refpedt to any debt or penalty with which he or fhe

fhall ftand charged at the fuit of the crown, or at the fuit of any fheriff or other publick officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person profecuted for any offence committed againft any adt or adts of parliament relative to his Ma-jefty’s revenues of cuftoms, excife, or fait duties, or either of them.

XLVIII. And whereas, under former afls, creditors have been put to great expences and trouble, in attending every feffion and ad-journment, during the whole continuance of the aft, to oppofe the difcharge of debtors clearly excluded from any benefit under the faid re-jpeftive acts, but who, after having been before one feffion heard, and refufed a dijcharge, to harajs their creditors, conjiantly gave frejh notices for each fubfequent fejfion and adjournment, of their intended application to be dfcharged: to remedy which, be it further en-Determina- adted by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes whatever, the tioti of juftices determination of the juftices in feffion or adjournment fhall be lefs^the^riUn*	t0 *lltents anc* purpofes, unlefs the debtor fhall, during

foner getrhiof t^le continuance of this adt, get rid of the objedtion or objedtions the objedtion, for which they refufed his difcharge ; and that the fame may be &c.	clear and certain, the juftkes are hereby required to ftate the

objedtions why fuch debtor’s difcharge is refufed by them ; and in all cafes whatever, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the juftices, at any fubfequent feffion or adjournment, upon application from the prifoner, upon due proof on oath made to them, by two or more credible witneffes, (which oath they are hereby empowered to adminifter), of each objedtion or objedtions being ' removed, and on proof of notice ferved, at leaft ten days previous to fuch application, on the creditor or creditors who before op-pofed his difcharge, and of notice likewife inferted in the Gazette, in manner before diredted by this adt, to order fuch prifoner to be brought before them, and, if they fhall then be of opinion the faid debtor is entitled to the benefit of this adt, to adjudge him or her entitled to the benefit of this adt}-and if a prifoner, to

orde *

£794-1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRgii III. c. 69.	617

Order hirri or her to be difcharged, he or fhe taking the oath, and in all other refpecfts conforming to the direftions of this 3dh XLIX. And whereat it may happen that feveral persons who may claim and be entitled to the benefit of this aft, are feifed of an efiate tail in feme freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereupon expeftant, they have by law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fuffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by furrender or furrcnders thereof whereby fuch p erf on or persons faid freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the pay?nent of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this aft, for the benefit of their creditors: be it therefore enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe fuch person or persons fo feifed Prifoners fei2J-as aforefaid, and who fhall be entitled to and claim the benefit taiHo^eHver1 of this a&, fhall, to all intents and pUrpofes whatfoever in law, them up. be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared, to be feifed of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments in fee, and the fame fhall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every fuch prifoner, in the fame manner as if fuch person or persons had actually levied a fine, fuffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a furrender or furrenders thereof, and thereby had become feifed in fee ; any Jaw or conftrudtion of law to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

L.	And whereas ?nany persons zvho may take the benefit of this aft may be entitled to feundry and great debts and demands of various and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to equities of redemption of eft ate s fubjeft and liable to mortgages, judgments, and other incumbrances, or to reverfeons, remainders, or other contingent cftates, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other triifts or intcrefes in ejlates, both real and perfonal, vjhich may not be fujficiently defer ibed or difeovered in the fched.uk or inventory before direfted to be delivered in upon oath as aforefaid, or which may want his aid or affftance to adjufi, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority afotrefaid, Thst it fhall Afiignees may and may be lawful to and for the refpedlive afiignees of the efiate and effects of fuch debtor or debtors, or any other person or per- natjon fons duly authorifed by them for that purpofe, from time to time, debtors, See* to apply to any two or more of the juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, where fuch person or persons fhall be then refiding, thereby defiring that fuch person or persons maybe further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their eftaie or effects, whereupon fuch juftices fhall fend for or call before them fuch person Juftices to call or perfons, by fuch warrant, lummons, ways, or means, as they the persons fhall think fit; and upon fuch perfon’s appearing fhall examine ^^ma^com him, her, or them, as well upon oath as otherwife, as to fuch ^it themCfot~ matters and things as fuch afiignee fhall defire, relating to the non appear-efiate and effedls of fuch person or perfons; and if any person or ance. persons (on payment, or tender of payment, of fuch reafonable charges as fuch juftices fhall judge iufficient) fhall negledt ot refute to come and appear, not having a lawful excufe, to be Vol. XXXIX.	S	s	made

Hosted by



6i8 Annoregni tricesimoquarto Georgii 1IT. c.6g. [1794*

made known to fuch juftices, and by them allowed, or being come before them, (hall refufe to be fworn, or to anfwer all fuch queftions as by fuch juftices fhall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the difeovery of his, her, or their eftate or effects fo veiled, or intended to be veftfed, in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, or in fuch affignees as aforefaid, that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to apprehend fuch person or persons fo offending as aforefaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until fuch time as he, fhe, or they, fhall fubmit him, her, or themfelves, to fuch juftices, and an-fwrer upon oath to all fuch lawful queftions as fhall by fuch juftices be put to him, her, or them, for the purpofes as aforefaid.

2°1. per cent. LI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That iorditcovcring .ln(j every fuch person and persons who fhall, within twelve debtor’s eft Ate months after the difeharge of fuch debtor or debtors, voluntarily not comprifed come in and make a difeovery of any part of fuch debtor or in fchedule. debtors real and perfonal eftate as fhall not be comprifed in fuch fchedule as aforefaid, before any juftices aforefaid, fhall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum out of the net produce of fuch debtor or debtors eftate which fhall be recovered on fuch difeovery, and which fhall be paid to fuch person or persons fo di(covering the fame, by the affignee or affignees of fuch prifoner’s eftate and effects.

Difeharge ob- LII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That notwithftand-lentl^ voiefU~	difeharge of any debtor or debtors by virtue of this adl,

ei y* * if it fhall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any fuch debtor was not true, then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch difeharge fhall be void and of none effedl.

Affignees,	LIIL	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That

with confent ;t f]lap be lawful at all times hereafter for any affignee or affignees valu^oTcredb ^ eftate or effects of any debtor or debtors, who fhall be tors, may chole in purfuance of this acl, by and with the confent of the compound for major part in value of fuch person or persons creditors, who fhall mitdif u^esto 'oe Pre^ent at a meeting to be held on twenty-one days publick arbitration! notice being previoufly given for the purpofe hereafter mentioned, in The London Gazette, if the debtor was in cuftody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then alfo in, fome newfpaper which fhall be publifhed in the county, city, or place, in or near which any fuch person fhall have been in gaol, to make compofition with any person or perfons, debtor's, or accountants to fuch debtor or debtors, where the fame fhall appear neceffary or reafonable, and to make fuch reafonable part of any fuch debt as can upon fuch compofition be gotten, in full difeharge of fuch debts and accounts; and alfo to fubmit any difference or difpute between fuch affignee or affignees, and any person or perfons, for or on account or by reafon or means of any matter, caufe, or thing, relating to fuch debtor or debtors eftate and effects, or to any debt or debts-due, or claimed to be due, to

or

 

i794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGii III. c. 69, 6ig

or from fuch debtor or debtors, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be chofen by the faid affignee or affignees, and the major part in value of fuch creditors, and the party or parties with whom they (hall have fuch difference, and to perform the award of fuch arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chofen by them, or otherwife to fettle and agree the matters in difference or dispute between them, in fuch manner as the faid affignee or affig-nees, with fuch confent as aforefaid, (hall think fit and can agree, and the fame fhall be binding to all the creditors of fuch debtor or debtors ; and every fuch affignee or affignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall fairly do in the premifes in pur-fuance of this aft.

LIV. And, for the better difcovery of the ejlate and effects of any debtor who Jhall be difcharged by virtue of this aft, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That any person or persons who fhall Penalty on have accepted of any truft or trufls, and Avail wilfully conceal or dealing eftates protect any eftate, real or perfonal, of any fuch debtor from his of debtors, creditors, and fhall not, within thirty days after any affignee or affignees fhall, in purfuance of this act, be chofen of any fuch prifoners eftate, difcover and difclofe to fuch affignee or affignees fuch truft and eftate, in writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to fuch affignee or affignees, he, fhe, or they, fo offending, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and alfo double the value of the eftate, either real or perfonal, fo concealed, to and for the ufe of the creditors of any fuch prifoner, to be recovered by aftion of debt in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhninjhr, in the name or names of the affignee or affignees of fuch prifoner’s eftate, together with treble cofts of fuit.

LV. And zuhereas provifion ought to be made as to zvhat Jhould become of the ejlate and effects of any debtor or debtors not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any affignee or affignees chofe purfuant to the directions of the feveral afts at the time of his or their death or deaths, and whofe heir or heirs, executors, adminijlrators, and affigns, re-fufed to at1 or meddle therein: to remedy which, be it enacted.

That in all fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for the If affignees die

creditors of every fuch debtor or debtors to cbufe a new affignee others may be

or affignees, in manner and form as herein-before is direfted, and aPpftntcd,&:c.

to obtain a new affignment from the clerk of the peace, or his

deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace,

purfuant to the order of the juftices, and which faid order the

faid juftices are hereby required and empowered to direct, (on

due proof on oath being made to them of the death of fuch former

affignee or affignees, and refufal of his or their heirs, executors,

adminiftrators, or affigns, to aft or meddle therein); and the faid

clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer

afting as clerk of the peace, are hereby empowered to obey the

fame, and execute fuch affignment accordingly, in manner and

form as if no former affignment had ever been made, the faid afw

fignee or affignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk,

or other officer afting as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming

S s 2	to

 

dio Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeorGii III. c. 69. [1794.

to all orders and direftions made by this aft relative to them, or any of them, and to be liable to all fuch pains and penalties as are inflifted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this aft, for difobedience in any part thereof, or negleft of duty whatever; and in cafe any fuch aflignee or aflignees {hall die, and his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, fhall refufe to aft, that then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch juftices of the peace to appoint a new aflignee or aflignees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this aft; and the faid juftices fhall have powery in a fummary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, of fuch aflignee or aflignees, to account and deliver up all fuch eftate and effefts as fhall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purpofes of this aft.

LVI. And, to the intent and purpofe that the ejiate and effefts of fuch debtor or debtors as fhall be dfcharged by virtue of this aft may be didy and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or their real WUftminfter cre^'ltors > be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall Sec oTcom* an<^ ma7 be lawful to and for the refpeftive courts at Weflminfler, plaint againft and the courts of great feftions in Wales, and the counties pala-affignees, may tine of Chejler, Lancafier, and Durham refpeftively, from whence gmove them, any procels iffued, upon which any fuch prifoner or prifoners was c*	or were committed, or where the procefs iffued out of any other

court, to and for the judges of the court of King’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great feftions, or counties palatine aforefaid, within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any fuch debtor, or the creditor or creditors of fuch debtor, complaining of any infufficiency, fraud, mifmanagement, or other mifbehaviour, of any aftignee or aftignees of the eftate or effefts of any fuch debtor or debtors, to fummon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give fuch orders and directions therein, either for the removal or difplacing fuch af-fignee or aftignees, and appointing any new aftignee or aftignees in the place or ftead of fuch aftignee or aflignees fo to be removed or difplaced, or for the prudent, juft, or equitable management or diftribution of the eftate and effefts of any fuch debtor, for the benefit of the refpeftive creditors, as the faid courts or judges refpeftively fhall think fit; and in cafe of the removal or difplacing of any affignee or aftignees, and thq appointing of any new aflignee or aftignees, the eftate or effefts of fuch debtor or debtors fhall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the aftignee or aflignees fo removed or difplaced, and be vefted in, and delivered over to fuch new aftignee or aftignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame intents and purpofes, as the fame were before vefted in the aftignee or aftignees firft chofe as aforefaid; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVII, Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority Where mutual aforefaid, That in all cafes where mutual credit hath been given Hven^ba-11 between any debtor who fhall be difeharged in purfuance of this fance to be aft, and any other person or perfons, or body politick or corpo-toed.	rate^ before the delivery of fuch fchedule or inventory of the

eftate

 

1794 ] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Geqrgii III. c. 70.

effate and effeds of fuch debtor or debtors, upon oath as afore-faid, the refpedive affignee or affignees of fuch debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorifed and required, on his and their parts, to ftate and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned ; and nothing more (hall be deemed to be vefted in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace, or fuch affignee or affignees under fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as the e ftate or effects of fuch debtor or debtors, than what lhal! appear to be juftly due to him, her, or them refpedively, as and for the balance of fuch account, when truly dated.

LVIII. And whereas many p erf on s are often committed by the courts of law and equity for contempts, for not paying money ordered or awarded to be paid, and like-wife for not paying of cofls duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpofe, and aljo upon the writ ^Excommunicato capiendo, or other procefs for, or grounded on, the nonpayment of money, cafes y or expencesy in feme caufe or proceeding in feme ecclefiaftical pn*foners for courty or for contempt to fuch court relating thereto; it is hereby de- not paying dared and enaded. That all fuch persons are and fhall be entitled moneyaward-to the benefit of this ad, on and fubjed to the fame terms, con- entitled to ditions, and reftridions, as are herein exprefied and declared with the benefit of° refped to prifoners for debt only.	of this ad.

LIX. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been and are now imprifoned for debty upon proceffes iffuing out of courts of con- Prifoners on fcience; it is hereby enaded and declared, That all fuch prifoners procefs of fhall be entitled to have the benefit of this ad, and be difeharged f^^cSe°e^C°n'’ under the fame, provided he, fhe, or they conform to the direc- titled to the tions herein-before preferibed, touching other prifoners who fhall benefit of the be difeharged by virtue of this ad.	ad.

LX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Quaker’s af-in all cafes wherein by this ad an oath is required, the folemn filiation to affirmation of any person being a quaker, fhall and may be ac- be taken* cepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person making fuch affirmation, who fhall be convided of wilful and falfe affirming, fhall incur and fuffer fuch and the fame penalties as are inflided and impofed by this ad upon persons convided of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXI. Provided alfo, and it is in this ad contained fhall extend called Scotland,

hereby enaded, i nat notmng 1,UL to that part of Great Britain t0 ScoN

CAP. LXX.

An afl to exempt Jhips of wary and private fhips or veffels of war9 taken as prize^ from payment of duty.—[June xi, 1794.]

WHEREAS foips taken by the enemyy and condemned as preamble*, prize y with their tackle^ apparely andfurniture, (except fails), are noiv by law fubjebi and liable to duty on the fale thereof in this kingdom, or in cafe of condemnation out of this kingdom, on their firft

S s 3	arrival

 

Ships of war and privateers taken from the enemy, not liable to any duty.

Commiftion-ers of the cuf-toms may order repayment of any fuch duties paid.

Anno regtii trlcefimo quarto GeO-ROii III. c. 71. [1794,

arrival therein : and whereas it is expedient that Jhips of war, or private jhips or vejfels of war, which Jball he taken and legally con-demned as prize, zvith their tackle, apparel, and furniture, Jhould not he liable or fubjeft to the payment of any duty whatever; be it therefore enadfed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no (hip of war, nor any private fliip or vefl'el of war, which fhal] be taken from the enemy, and legally condemned as prize, nor the fails, or any of the tackle, apparel, or furniture, belonging to fuch fhip or veflel, {hall be charged or chargeable with, or iubjedfc or liable to. pay, any duty whatever; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

1L And be it further enaefted by the'authority aforefaid, That in cafe any duty {hall have been paid according to the laws now in force for fhips or veflels of the defeription before mentioned, taken fmee the commencement of hoftilities in the prefent war, or upon the fails, tackle, apparel, and furniture of the fame, it fhall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them, in England', and the com-miftioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them refpedfively, to order repayment of fuch duty fa paid, and to caufe the fame to be repaid in fuch manner as they the {aid commiflioners refpedtively {hall judge proper.

CAP. LXXI.

An a51 for fupplying fuch of the French iflands, as may he in his Majeflys pojfejfion, with the feveral forts of corn, meal, flour, and bifeuit, nccejfary for the maintenance of the inhabitants of the faid iflands.— [June u, 1794.]

Preamble ITT H E R E A S, by the conquejl or jur render of fever al of the VV French iflands in the Weft Indies to his Majefly, the faid iflands are notv in his Majefly1 s pojfejjion, and other French iflands may be Jo conquered or furrendered, and thereby come into his Majefly1 s pojfejfion : and whereas, it is on that account expedient that provifion jhould be made for the fupply offuch of the faid French iflands as may be in his Majefly1 s pojfejfion, with the fever al forts of corn, mealflour, and bifeuit, nccejfary for the maintenance of the inhabitants of the faid iflands: and whereas, the quantity of the fever al forts of corn and other articles as aforefaid, now allowed by law to be exported to his Majefly1 s fugar colonies in the Weft Indies, when the exportation thereof from this kingdom is prohibited, is in no degree fujflcient for the fupply of all the Weft India iflands, including the faid French iflands which now are or may be in his Majefly1 s pojfejfion: be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and. with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the' the. authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafling of this and fix y a(^> during the continuance of the prefent war, and for fix months months after, after the conclusion thereof, it fhall and may be lawful for the^

lords

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 72.	623

lords of his Majefly’s moft honourable privy council, appointed the lords for for the confideration of all matters relating to trade and ^ore^Sn ^en the ex plantations, whenever any of the feveral forts of corn, or other p0rtation of articles as aforefaid, are prohibited to be exported from this king- corn is prohi-dom, to allow, in addition to the quantity fpecified in the table bited, allow (C) of an aft, paded in the thirty-firft year cf his prefent Ma-jelly’s reign, (intituled, all for regulating the importation andt|10fe fpecified exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn i?n- in 3T Geo. 3. ported\ and of the bounty on Britifh corn exported), as therein al- c. 30. to be lowed to be exported-to his Majefly’s fugar colonies in the JVefl ^^ tC> Indies, (in which the Bahama and Bermuda or Somers illands are jn£qes# included), and in the manner and in the proportions therein au-thorifed and directed, the exportation from this kingdom to the colonies in the Wefl Indies, fpecified in the faid table (C), and to the faid French illands which now are or maybe conquered or furrendered, and thereby have or may come into his Majefly’s poffeifion, the following quantities of corn, meal, flour, and bifeuit; that is to fay, five thoufand quarters of barley,, twenty thoufand quarters of beans, twenty-five thoufand quarters of oats, four thoufand quarters of peafe, five hundred quarters of rye, one thoufand quarters of wheat, fix hundred tons of oatmeal, three thoufand two hundred and twenty tons of wheat flour, nine hundred ■ and fifty tons of bifeuit, and twenty-five tons of grotts, fubjeft to the fame rules, diflributions, regulations, conditions, reflric-tions, penalties, and forfeitures, provided in the faid aft, and to be recovered in the manner authorifed and directed in the faid aft.

CAP. LXXII.

fin alt to enable the commijftoners of his Majeflyrs famp duties to Jlamp the paper iifed for printing newfpapers thereon, in Jheets of fingle demy paper inf cad ofjheets of double demy pap et\—[June 11,

I794-0

WHEREAS by an a cl of parliament, made in the tenth year Preamble, of the reign of her late majejly fifucen Anne, it is (amongjl IQ other things) enabled, \That the following duties Jhould be paid on all c% 9 booh and papers called Pamphlets, and for and upon all printed newf -papers, or papers containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences; that is to Jay, for every pamphlet or paper contained in half a floeet, or any lefs piece of paper, printed, the fum of one halfpenny ; and for every pamphlet or paper, being larger than half a feet, and not exceeding one whole fleet, one penny : and whereas., by an all of parliament, made 3° Geo. z. in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefy King George the c* I9>* Second, it is (amongjl other things) mailed. That, from and after the fifth day of July in the year one thoufandfeven hundred and fifty-feven, the following duties fbould be paid for and upon every newjpaper, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be difperjed and made public!, whether the fame be contained in half a jheet or any lefs piece of paper, or in any larger tli an half a feet, and not exceeding one whole Jheet, over and above

S s. 4	ad

16 Geo. ■*« C. 34.

29 Geo. 3. c. 50.

Single demy paper may be ltampt in fheets on payment of ad. duty per fheet.

all other rates and duties by the faid aft, made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majejly Queen Anne, an additional duty of one half* penny: and whereas by another aft of parliament, made in the fix-teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, it is (amongjl other things) enafted, That, from and after the firjl day of June one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-fix, there fhall be raij'ed, levied, col-lefted, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his faid Majejly, his heirs and juccejfirs, the rates and duties following; (that is to fay), For and upon every newfpaper, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or oc-currences, printed in Great Britain, to be difperj'ed and made publick, %uhether the fame be contained in half a jheet or any lefs piece of paper, or in any paper larger than half a feet, and not exceeding one ivhole Jheet, upon every Jheet and half fheet thereof, over and above all other rates and duties by any aft of parliament impofed, an additional duty of one halfpenny : and whereas by another aft of parliament, made in ihe twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, it is (amongjl other things) enafted. That, from and after the firjl day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, there Jhould be raifed, levied, colie ft ed, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his faid Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, the rates and duties following ; (that is to fay). For and upon every newfpaper, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, printed /^Great Britain, to be difperfed or made publick, whether the fame be contained in half a Jheet or any lefs piece of paper, or any paper .larger than half a Jheet, and not exceeding one whole Jheet, upon every Jheet and halfjheet thereof there Jhould be charged, over and above all other rates and duties by any aft of parliament impofed, an additional duty of one halfpenny : and whereas the duty now payable for and upon every newfpaper contained in half a Jheet, or any lefs piece of paper, amounts in the whole to the fum of two-pence : and whereas the paper liable to the duties impofed by the faid recited afts is now brought to the head office of the commijfioners for Jlamping or marking vellum, parchment, a?ul paper, in foeets of double demy, to be flamped and marked by the faid commijfioners, or the officers employed under them, with the fiamp or mark provided by the faid commif-miffioners to denote the faid duty of two-pence upon every fuch newfpaper as aforefaid: and whereas it would be greatly to the advantage of the printers and publijhers of the faid newfpaper s, if the faid commijfioners and their officers were authorifed and impowered to Jlamp fingle de?ny paper in fheets injlead of)lamping every half Jheet of double demy paper, and that the faid power, if given, would not injure the revenue : be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent maj-eftj, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this a£fc, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, and the officers employed under them, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered to ftamp or mark any quantities or parcels of Tingle demy paper, in fheets which fhall be brought to them for that purpofe, the person bringing the Tame, paying to the receiver general of the ftamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the fum of two-pence for each fuch fheet of

fingle

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGII III. C. 73.'	(>25

Angle demy paper as aforefaid ; any aft or adls to the contrary thereof refpecling the faid duties notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, That every fuch fheet of Angle demy Size of fheets. paper fhall not exceed twenty-eight inches in length and twenty inches in breadth3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXX1II.

An add for directing the appointment of commijf oners, to adminijler certain oaths and declarations required hy law to be taken and made by persons offering to vote at the elediion of members to ferve in parliament.—[June ii, 1794J

WHEREAS great delays have arifen in the election of mem- Preamble.

bers to ferve in parliament for places in England, Wales, and the toivn of Berwick upon Tweed, by the time and place in which the oaths of allegiance, fupremacy, the declaration of fidelity, ibe oath of abjuration, and the declaration or affirmation of the effedl thereof are nfually adminiflered to elediors 3 and in* many places it plight thereby be rendered impradticable to receive the votes of all persons claiming and having a right to vote within the time limited by law for the duration of the polls at fuch eledlio's: be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, an?' commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That, from and after the palling of this afc, when a poll fhall be Returning of. demanded at any eleffion of a member or members to ferve in parliament for any county, city, borough, or other place in Eng- dtdates,to ap-land or Wales, or for the town of Berwick upon Tweed, the return- point persons ing officer or officers at every fuch election, after fuch poll fhall to adminifter fhall be demanded, fhall, at the inftance and requeft in writing the oaths of of any of the candidates, under his or their hand or hands, im- &ce%SianCC> mediately after fuch requeft, and before he or they fhall proceed further in taking the poll, retain, nominate, and appoint, two or more persons to adminifter the oaths of allegiance, fupremacy, the declaration of fidelity, the oath of abjuration, and the declaration or affirmation of the effeft thereof, now required by law to be taken, made, or fubfcribed by voters at ele£tions of members to ferve in parliament, and to certify the names of the refpe£tive electors who fhall take fuch oaths, or fubfcribe and make fuch declarations or affirmations refpedlively, in manner herein-after mentioned3 and the persons to be appointed as aforefaid, or in manner herein-after mentioned, fhall refpe&ively have full power, and each of them is hereby authorised and required to adminifter all and every fuch refpeftive oaths, declarations, and affirmations to every fuch elector who fhall defire or be required to take the fame oaths, or anv of them, or to fubfcribe or make the faid declarations and affirmations refpeftively, previous to his voting at any fuch ele&ion 3 and every fuch person fo appointed as afore- Perfons fo ap-faid fhall, immediately after fuch appointment, and before he fhall J^fthe^l

ta^e lowing

Oath,

Electors to apply to fuch per fans before voting, who fhall adminif-ter the oaths of allegiance, &cc. and give certificates thereof.

Form of

certificate of taking oaths,

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 73. [1794;

take upon him to a£t under fuch appointment, take the following oath(that is to fay),

J Do [wear. That I will faithfully and impartially adminifler the ^ oaths of allegiance, fupremacy, and abjuration, and the declaration of fidelity, and declaration or affirmation of the effect of the faid oath of abjuration, to fuch persons as fall lawfully apply to ?ne in that behalf in order to qualify themfelves to vote at this election; and that I will, on being thereunto rcquejled, fairly and truly give to every fuch perfon, or any of them, who fall tale fuch oaths, or fubfc rib e fuch declaration of fidelity, and make fuch declaration or affirmation of the efifctl of the faid oath of abjuration, or either of them, before me, a certificate thereof according to the direction of an aft of parliament, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his majeffy King George the Third, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of the a£f], and that I will not give fuch certificate to any person before he fall have taken fuch oath or oaths, or made or fubferibed fuch declaration or declarations, affirmation or affirmations, as fall be mentioned in Juch certificate, before me and in my prefence :

Which oath, to be taken by the refpeefive persons fo to be appointed, the returning officer or officers at every fuch eledlion, and his or their duty and deputies, or any of them, is and are hereby authorifed and required to adminilter.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That after the persons fo appointed (hall have taken fuch oath, fo required to be taken by them refpedtively as aforefaid, any person or persons claiming to vote at any fuch eledtion as aforefaid may at any time, before he or they {hall give his or their vote or votes at fuch election, apply to any one of the persons fo appointed and fworn as aforefaid, to take the faid oaths of allegiance and fupre-macy, and abjuration, or any of them, or to fubferibe the faid declaration of fidelity, and make the faid declaration or affirmation of the effedt of the faid oath of abjuration, or either of them, and the person to whom fuch application {hall be made {hall accordingly adminifler the fame to fuch person or persons fo claiming a right to vote, and {hall immediately upon fuch oaths being taken, or declarations or affirmations refpedlively being fubferibed or made, fign and deliver a certificate thereof to fuch person who, {hall have taken fuch oaths, or made or fubferibed fuch declarations or affirmations refpe&ively, which certificate {hall contain the name, addition, and place of abode, of the person to whom the fame.fhall be fo given ; and in cafe of persons taking the faid, oaths, {hall be in the terms following; (that is to fay),

A. B. [naming the petfon taking the oath] ^[naming the place of fuch perfon’s abode, and his addition or occupation] has taken the oath [or oaths] of [naming the faid oath or oaths fo adminif-tered] before me this	day	of

And in cafe of quakers fubferibing the faid declaration of fidelity*

or

 

1794*1 Anno regni trieefimo quarto Georg'ii III. c 73.	627

or taking their affirmation of the effect of the faid oath of abjuration, fhall be in the form following; (that is to fay),

A. B. [naming the person fubfcribing or affirming] ^[naming or of making the place of fuch performs abode, and his addition or occupation] affirmation,

has made u?-.d Juojcribcd the declaration of fidelity, and affirmed the s/fiSi of the oath of abjuration [or if only one of thofe adts has been done, then naming fuch one a61 only] before me this day of

And every fuch person to whom fuch certificate {hall be fo given, Production#of and having a right to vote at fuch eledfoon, fhall, on producing certificate to fuch certificate to the returning officer or officers, or other person hititle to or persons lawfully taking the poll at fuch ele6tion, be permitted to poll, and his vote (hall be taken and received in like manner as if fuch refpeftive Oaths, declarations, or affirmations, mentioned and expreiTed in fuch refpedtive certificate, had been administered by, and made, fubfcribed, or taken, before the returning officer or officers at fuch eledfion.

ill. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons o5ei> when any person or persons offering to vote at any fuch eledfion, ^hout^ro without producing fuch certificate as aforefaid, fhall be lawfully dicing eer-required to take the faid oaths of allegiance, fupremacy, and ab- tificate, to juration, or any of them, or to fubferibe the faid declaration of withdraw and fidelity, and make the faid declaration or affirmation of the effedt of the faid oath of abjuration, or either of them ; then fuch oaths, fubfeription, declarations, or affirmations, or any of them, fhall not be admimtered by the returning officer or officers, or other person or persons taking the poll, but the eledfor or electors fo required to take fuch oaths, or to fubferibe or make fuch declarations or affirmations refpedfively, fhall immediately withdraw, and fhall take the faid-oaths, or fubferibe and make the faid de-larations or affirmations refpedtively, before one of the persons appointed and (worn, as aforefaid, in manner herein-before mentioned.

IV". And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That If the number if at any time during the poll at any fuch eledfion it fhall be found °‘ Pe}dons fo that the number of persons fo appointed as aforefaid is infufficient ^ouldb^in-for the purpofes aforefaid, and that the poll is delayed for want of-fufficient, a Sufficient number of persons to adminifter fuch oaths, declara- more maybe tions, and affirmations as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe appointed, the returning officer or officers at fuch eledfion may, and he or they is and are hereby impowered and required, at the inftance and requeft in writing of any candidate then prefent, to retain, nominate, and appoint, fuch further number of perfons, for the pufpofe of adminiftering the faid oaths, declarations,4 and affirmations as aforefaid, and of granting fuch certificates as aforefaid, as fhall be neccffary to prevent fuch delay; and the persons fo nominated and appointed fhall take the like oath, which fhall be ad-miniftered to them refpedfively in like manner as is herein-before diredfed with refpedf to the persons fir ft appointed for the purpofes aforefaid.

^	V. And

 

Anno regrfi tricesimo. quarto Georgix HI. c. 73, [1794*«

a	And	%lt ^urt^er enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

ppint prope?	returning.	officer or returning officers at every fuch eleftion

places, tor tak- fhall, and is and are hereby required to appoint, find, and provide, ing the oaths, a proper place for every fuch perfon, fo appointed as aforefaid, to execute the duty hereby impofed upon fuch perfon, to which place the refpeftive eieftors may have free accefs, without interrupting the poll, and fo as to enable the persons fo appointed to aft fepa-rate'ly without interfering with each other in the execution of their office ; and that each of the laid peaces fo appointed (hall be open, and attended by the person or persons appointed to aft there, during all fuch times as the poll at any fuch eleftion fhall be kept open, and continue at leaft eight hours in every day, between the hours of eight in the morning and eight in the evening,, until the final clofe of the poll •, and that the find oaths, and the fiaid declarations or affirmations of the effeft of the faid oath of abjuration, fhall revpeftively be adminiftered to as many of the cleclors, being ready, and defiring to take or make the fame refpeftively, as can conveniently take or make the lame together, not exceeding the number of twelve at one time ; and fuch returning officers fhall alfo find, provide, and deliver to each perfon, who fhall be appointed by him or them in manner'aforefaid, a Sufficient number of printed forms of the declaration of fidelity required by law to be made and fubferibed by quakers, before they can be admitted to vote at fuch eleftion, with blanks therein for the names of the persons offering to make and fubferibe the fame ta be inferted therein, one of which forms fhall be filled up with the name of, and fubferibed by, the persons defiring to make and fub-* feribe the declaration of fidelity, and fuch returning officer or returning officers (hall alfo find, provide, and deliver to each person who fhall be fo appointed by him or them as aforefaid, a fuf-ficient number of printed certificates, agreeable to the form here-in-before diredfed, to be filled up as occafion fhall require, and deliver to each eleftor fo taking the faid oaths, or fubferibing or affirming as aforefaid.

The return- VL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ingofficeijcm *n cape t^e candidates, or any of them, fhall, three days at the lead: before any fuch eleftion, give or caufe to be given notice in writing to the returning officer or officers to provide proper places for adminiftering the faid oaths, declarations and affirmations as ' aforefaid, to the eleftors, then and in every fuch cafe fuch proper places fhall be prepared and provided, fo as to be ready before and againft the day of eleftion ; and in cafe there fhall not be a fufficient number of fit and convenient places for that purpofe, at the town or place where luch eleftion fhall be had, which the returning officer or officers can conveniently and at a reafonable expence procure, then the faid returning officer or officers fhall, and is and are hereby required to caufe fuch booths or temporary ereftions to be made, in convenient places in that behalf, as fhall be neceffary for the purpofe, the expence of which booths or places, and of the faid printed forms, and alfo the allowance and com-penfation to be made to the feveral persons who fhall be appointed

to

notice, to provide luch places to-be ready by the day of election.

Expences to be defrayed by the can-didates.

 

*794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii Til. c. 74.	629

to adminifter the faid oaths, declarations, and affirmations as aforefaid, for their trouble and attendance, not exceeding one pound one (hilling a day to every or them for each day of attendance, (hall be defrayed and repaid by the candidates at fuch election, in equal proportions to the returning officer or returning officers who (hall have incurred fuch expence, and (hall and may be recovered by fuch returning officer or returning officers, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeftminjl er, by aclioq of debt, or on the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

CAP. LXXIV.

An aft for varying fome of the provifions in an aft of the thirteenth year of his prefent Mayefly's reign, refpefting the publick highways, within that part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the performance of flatute duty.—[June i i, 17,.;4,]

WHEREAS by an aft made in the thirteenth year of his Preamble.

prefent Majeftf s reign, intituled. An act to explain, amend, 13 Geo. 3.0. and reduce into one act of parliament, the liatutes jrcow in being 78. in part for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways,reclteQ* within that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpoles, provifions and regulations are by a certain claufe made and direfted to be obferved, with refpeft to the duty required from persons not leeping teams, draughts, or ploughs, *but keeping one or tzvo bor-fes, ufed to draw any cart or carts, and alfo zvitb refpeft to the fums to be paid by persons keeping coaches or other zvhecl carriages, and likewfe refpefting the petfynal labour required from certain inhabitants of any parijh, town ftp, or place : and whereas by another claufe in the faid aft, persons liable to perform flatute duty are impowered to compound for the fame, if he, fe, or they, fall think fit, by paying to the furveyor certain firms of money, as the jujlices at a fpccial fejfi-ons fall adjudge and declare to be reafonable, not exceeding the firms therein mentioned: and whereas by one other claufe in the faid aft, the furveyor, together zvith the inhabitants and occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within etch parijh, town-fip, or place, are direfted, at proper feafons in every, year, to ufe their endeavours for the repair of the highways, and to be chargeable thereunto in the manner therein particularly mentioned; and the faid claufe alfo direfts how the contributions in money are to be paid and recovered: and whereas by one other claufe in the faid aft, the juflices, at their fpecial fejfons, are impowered to dire ft the performance of team duty, or labour in kind, in any particular parijh, tozvnfip, or place, within their refpeftive limits, where they find high and extravagant prices are required, occafioned by the difficulty in pr ocuring neccf-jary carriages, or a fujfcient number of labourers for ihe repair of the highways, and dire ft ing the proportions and manner in which fuch team duty, or labour in kind, fall be performed: and whereas it is expedient that certain poor perfons, mentioned in the faid claujes, fome or one of them, jhotild be exempted from performing any perfonal labour, and

from

 

630	~	Anno	regni	tricefim6	quarto	Geo&Gii III. c. 74. [*794;

from paying any compofition in lieu thereof in the repair of the highways ; and it will be convenient that fuch claufes in the faid afi^ parts of which are herein-before recited, Jhould be repealed, and other provifions befubjlituted in the place thereof and that the faid aft Jhould in other refpefls be explained and amended: be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the and from Sept, fame, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one cited ^art ^ t^ou^anc^ feven hundred and ninety-four, fo much of the faid a6I, repealed. °f thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as contains the before-recited claufes, fhall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enadted, That, from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, every perlon who fhall not keep a team, draught, or plough, but fhall keep one or more cart or carts, and one or two horfes or beads of draught only, ufed to draw in each of fuch carts upon the highways, fhall be obliged to perform his ftatute duty for the like number of days with fuch cart or carts, and horfe or horfes or beads of draught, and one labourer to attend each cart, or to pay for the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he fhall occupy, according to the rate herein-after mentioned, at the option of the furveyor ; and every person who fhall keep a coach, poft chaife, chair, or other wheel carriage, and not keep a team, draught, or plough, nor occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the annual value of fifty pounds, in the parifti, town-fhip, or place, where he fnall refide, lhall pay to the furveyor one (hilling in refpeCI of every fuch day’s ftatute duty for every horfe which he fhall draw in any fuch carriage, or fhall pay according to the value of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which he fhall occupy, according to the rate herein-after mentioned, at the option of the furveyor ; and if the faid teams, draughts, or ploughs, or any of them, fhall not be thought needful by the furveyor on any of the faid days, then every fuch person who fhould have fent any fuch team, draught, or plough, according to the directions aforefaid, (hall, according to the notice to be given as hereinafter directed, fend unto the faid work, for every one fo fpared, three able men, there to labour as aforefaid, or to pay to the faid furveyor the fum of four (hillings and fixpence in lieu thereof, at the option of the furveyor; and all fuch persons as aforefaid fhall refpexStively have and bring with them fuch (hovels, fpades, picks, mattocks, and other tools and inftruments, as are ufeful and proper for the purpofes aforefaid ; and all the faid persons and carriages fhall diligently perform the work and labour to which they fhall be appointed by fuch furveyor, for eight hours in every of the faid days, within fuch parifh, townfnip, or place, or in getting and carrying materials in and from any other parifh, townfhip, or place, to be employed in the repair of the highways of the parifh, townfhip, or place, for which they fhall be required to perform fuch duty and labour as aforefaid; and if any perfon, team as aforefaid, fnall not fend a fufiicient labourer e -	befides

Perfons keeping carts, and horfes only ufed to draw in them, to perform ftatute duty ; and persons keeping a coach, See. to pay is.for each horfe for each day’s ftatute duty ; or pay as herein-after mentioned.

Three men to be fent in lieu of a team, if required, or to pay in lieu thereof.

Tools to be brought.

Time of working.

If fufficient persons be not	'

fent, or if fendinS a

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74•

befides the driver, (except as before-mentioned), or if any fuch they are idle, labourer or, driver, or the driver of any cart required to perform	°

ftatute duty as aforefaid, fliall refufe to work and labour during liable to the time above-mentioned, according to the direction of the fur- penalty, veyor, or if any driver fhall refufe to carry proper and fufficient loads, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch fur veyor to difcharge every fuch team, cart, or labourer, and to recover from the owner of every fuch team or cart the forfeiture which every fuch person or persons would have incurred by virtue of the faid act, in cafe no fuch team, cart, or labourer refpeftively, had been fent.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any per- Competition fon or persons liable to perform the faid duty, by fending one or *PaY be made more team or teams, draught or draughts, plough or ploughs, ^ team$# with men, horfes, or oxen, in manner aforefaid, fliall and may compound for the fame, if he, {he, or they, fliall think fit, by

paying to the faid furveyor, at the time and in the manner as in the faid recited aft is mentioned, fuch fum or fums of money as the juftices of the peace, for the limits wherein fuch parifli, town-fliip, or place, fliall be, or the major part of them, at their fpecial feflions, to be held in the firft week after Michaelmas quarter feflions in every year, fliall adjudge and declare to be reafonable, not exceeding fix (hillings, nor lefs than three (hillings, for each team, draught, or plough, for each day ; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the fame, the fum of four (hillings and fixpcnce, for and in lieu of every fuch day's duty, for each team, draught, or plough, and for every cart and one horfe or bead of draught, two (hillings, and for every cart with two horfes, or bead: of draught, three (hillings, for and in lieu of every day’s duty.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid furveyor to be Proportions of

appointed by the laid aft, together with the inhabitants and occu- ftatute labour, pijers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments,	t(*Sr-	i&-

within each parifh, townfhip, or place, lhall, at proper feafons

in every year, ufe their endeavours for the repair of the highways, and fliall be chargeable thereunto as followeth; (that is to fay), every person keeping a waggon, cart, wain, plough, or tumbrel* and three or more horfes or beads of draught, life cl to draw the fame, (hall be deemed to keep a team, draught, or plough, and be liable to perform ftatute duty with the lame in the parifli, townfliip, or place, where he retides, and (hall, fix days in every year, (if fo many days fliall be found neceflary), to be computed from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, fend, on every day and at every place, to be appointed by the furveyor for the amending the highways in fuch parifli, townfhip, or place, one wain, cart, or carriage, furnifhed, after the cuflom of the country, with oxen, horfes, or other cattle, and all other neceffaries fit to carry things for that purpofe, and alfo two able men with fuch wain, cart, or carriage; which duty, fo performed, fliall excufe every fuch person from his duty in fuch parifh, townfliip, or place, in refpeft of all lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, not exceeding the annual value of fifty pounds which he fhall

occupy

• '	Hosted by	

6%z Anno regni trieefimo quarto GeoRGIi III. c. 74. [1794*

occupy therein; and every person keeping fuch team, draught* or plough, and occupying, in the fame parifli, townfhip, or place, lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds over and beyond the faid yearly value of fifty pounds in refpedt whereof fuch team duty (hall be performed; and every fuch person occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any other parifh, townfhip, or place, befides that wherein he refides ; and every other person not keeping a team, draught, or plough, but occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any parifh, townfhip, or place, fhall in like manner refpedHvely, and for the fame number of days, find and fend one wain, cart, or carriage, furnifhed with not lefs than three horfes or four oxen, and one horfe or two oxen, and two horfes and two able men to each wain, cart, or carriage, and in like manner for every fifty pounds per annum refpedtively, which every fuch person fhall further occupy in any fuch parifh, townfhip, or place refpedtively; fuch wains, carts, or carriages, to be employed by thefurveyor in the repairing and amending the highways within the parifh, townfhip, or place, where fuch lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, fhall refpedtively _tolie; and every person who fhall not keep a team, draught, or offtatute611 plough, but fhall occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or duty by cer-" hereditaments, under the yearly value of fifty pounds,, in the tain perfons. parifh, townfhip, or place, where he refides, or in any other parifh, townfhip, or place; and every person keeping a team, draught, or plough, and occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments* under the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any other parifh, townfhip, or place, than that wherein he refides, fhall refpedtively contribute to the repair of the highways, and pay to the furveyor of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place refpec-* tively, in lieu of fuch duty, the fums following; videlicet, for every twenty {hillings of the annual value of fuch lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments refpedlively, the fum of one penny for every day’s ftatute duty which fhall be required and called for by the furveyor of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place rcfpedlively, in every year, not exceeding fix days duty in the Sums to be	whole as aforefaid; and every fuch person refpedfively fhall in

paid.	like manner pay the fum of one penny for every twenty fhillings

of the annual value of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he fhall occupy in any fuch parifli, townfhip, or place refpedfively, above the annual value of fifty pounds* and lefs than one hundred pounds, and fo for every twenty fhillings that each progreftive and intermediate annual value of twenty fhillings of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he fhall fo occupy, fhall fall fhort of the further increafe of fifty pounds in every parifli, townfhip, or place, where fuch lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, fhall refpedtively lie, for every day’s ftatute duty fo to be required as aforefaid; provided that no person keeping fuch team, draught, or plough, and performing duty with the fame as aforefaid in the

parifh,

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgix III. c. 74.	633

parifh, townfhip, or place, where he refides, and not occupying Perfons keep-lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, within the ^ ^nd'pe'r-fame of the yearly value of thirty pounds, fhall be obliged to forming defend more than one labourer with fuch team, draught, or plough : ty in the which laid feveral fums fhall be confidered as compofitions, and Pjfct’ °^re* fhall be paid to the furveyor of the parifh, townfhip, or place, not occupying in which they are charged, for the ufe of the highways therein, at premifes of the time fuch compofitions are to be paid under the authority of the yearly the faid ad, or within ten days after, or in default of fuch pay- value ot 30I.

ments the faid furveyor fhall make application to a juftice of the l* 5ato _	,	\.	m.n	r‘	r	a.	lend moe

peace acting for the limit or diltnct wherein luch default ihall be than one la-made, and the juftice to whom fuch application (hall be made fhall bourer. fummon the party fo making default to appear at fome fpecial or gums t0 ]3e other petty feftions, to be holden for fuch limit or diftrid, and deemed comat which two juftiees at the leaft fhall be prefent, to fhew caufe portions, and why he has refufed or negleded to pay fuch compofition money; and in default of appearance, or if on appearance he fhall not lurve>01> c make it appear to the fatisfadion of the faid juftiees that he is Juftiees to poor and indigent, and as fuch is an obied deferving relief, fuch money fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels	9

of the person or persons refilling or negleding to pay the fame, in fuch manner as the forfeitures for the neglect in performing the ftatute duty are hereby authorifed to be levied and railed : provided pQOr perrons always, That when, on application as above-mentioned, the difeharsed juftiees ihall think proper to difeha-rge any poor and indigent from pay-perfon from payment of the rate or compofition money, fuch ^^^the person fhall at the fame time be difeharged from any expences dtfclwg<fd which may arife in confequence of fuch fummons and fr0m expen-appearance.	ces.

V.	And whereas it may frequently happen, that persons wholly gaining their livelihood by the ivages of daily labour, and occupying rateable tenements within a parifh townfhip, or place, by reafon of age, f chiefs, a numerous family, or misfortune, may be in poor and indigent circimftances, and it may be expedient, in certain cafes, to difeharge fuch poor and indigent persons from all rates, affeffments, or compofition whatfoever, impojed by authority of the above-recited add; be it further enaded, That on the application of any poor and Juftiees may indigent person to be difeharged from the payment of the rate or ex^Pt^oor compofition, made to any two juftiees of the peace, at any fpecial payment of” or petty feftions, held for the limits wherein fuch poor and indi- the rates, gent person (hall refide, the faid juftiees (having firft given notice to the furveyor of the highways to appear on the part of the parifh, townfhip, or place, in which fuch poor person ihall refide) fhall inquire and examine into the fituation and c ire urn fiances of the person making fuch application; and if it fhall appear to the fatif-fadion of fuch juftiees that fuch person is really poor and indigent, and a deferving objed of fuch relief, the faid juftiees may, and they are hereby impowered to exempt fuch poor and indigent person from the payment of ail rates aiTeftments, cr compofition

whatfoever, impofed b\ Vol. XXXIX.

the faid recited ad, 1' t

VI.	Provided

Juftices may direct team duty to be performed in kind.

Exception,

Labourers may be ordered to do ftatute duty on payment of the ufual wages.

Perfons to perform duty in kind to be drawn by lot.

Recited a<5t of 13 Geo. 3. except hereby altered, to continue in force.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if it fhall appear to the juftices, at their fpecial feffions, to be held in the week next after Michaelmas quarter feffions, or at any other fpecial or petty feffions held within the limits ofany parifh, townfhip, or place, at which two or more juftices fhall be prefent, that, from the directions herein-before given for the performing and compounding the ftatute duty, there will be difficulty in procuring the neceflary carriage, or a fufficient number of labourers, for the repair of the highways, in any particular parifh, townfhip, or place, within their refpective limits, without paying high and extravagant prices for the fame, it fhall and may be lawful for luch juftices to order and diredt the team duty, or fo much thereof as they fhall think fit, to be performed in kind within every luch parifh, townfhip, or place, except in refpeef of fuch teams as belong to persons who do not occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the annual value of thirty pounds within the fame, and alfo to order all fuch persons as fhall gain their living by the wages of daily labour, or fuch part of them as they fhall think fit, to perform fix days labour upon fuch highways in kind, either by themfefves or other fufficient labourers, in cafe fo many days duty fhall be required, upon being paid for fuch labour the ufual and cuftomary wages given to labourers in fuch parifh, townfhip, or place ; provided that if part of fuch teams or labourers only are required, it fhall be diredled by the faid order of the juftices, in fome given proportion, as one half, third, or fourth part thereof; and the furveyor fhall, in that cafe, at a publick veftry for fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, put the names of all the persons liable by this a61 to fend fuch teams, into one hat or box, and the names of all the persons liable to perform fuch labour into another hat or box, and fome inhabitant then prefent fhall draw out fuch number from each as fhall be equal to the proportion fo ordered by the faid juftices, and the perlons fo drawn fhall perform fuch duty in kind for that year; and that if any fuch order fhall be made or continued in the fubfequent year, the fame method fhall be obferved, but the names drawn in the preceding year fhall not be put into fuch hat or box; and in every fucceeding year fuch method and regulation fhall be oblerved by fuch lurveyor, as to render the duty fo required to be performed in kind, as equal amongft the feveral persons liable thereto as may be ; which order of the faid juftices, fo far as the fame fhall be extended, fhall fuperfede the faid power or liberty of compounding, and fhall be binding and effectual to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and fhall continue in force until it fhall be difeharged or varied by the juftices at fome fubfequent fpecial feffions for the highways within fuch limit, to be held in the week next after Michaelmas quarter feffions ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-ftanding.

VII,	And be it further enabled, That all the claufes, powers, and provilions, contained in the faid aht of the thirteenth year of his prefent Maj:fly's reign (except fuch as are hereby repealed

or

Hosted by :>ogle

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgix III. c. 75.	635

or altered) fhall continue in force, in the fame manner as if the fame were repeated and re-ena£ted in the body of this prefent a6t; any thinglierein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXV.

An aft for the better management of the land revenue of the crown, andfor the fale of fee farm and other unimprove able rents.—[June 11,1794.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that provifon JJoduld be made for the Preamble. ..

better management of the land revenues of the crown, within the ordering and furvey of the exchequer in England : and whereas, by an aft, made in the fir ft year of the reign of fipueen Anne, 1 Anne, c. i, (intituled, An a£t for the better fupport of her Majelty’s houfe- reCLte<E hold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown), it was (among ft other things) enaftsd and declared. That all and every grant, leafe, or other affurancs, which, from and after the five and twentieth day of March one thoifand feven hundred arid two, Jbould be made or granted by the faid fipueen, her heirs or fucceffors, Kings or fipueen s of this realm, under any of the feals therein mentioned, or by copy of court roll, or otherwfe howfocver, of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, woods, or other hereditaments, [advowfons of churches and vicarages only excepted), to any per [on or perfons, body politick or corporate whatever, whereby any eft ate or inter ejl Jhould pajs from the faid jpuccn, her heirs or fucceffors, Jhould be utterly void and of none efftft, unlefs the fame jhould he made for feme term or ejlate not exceeding thirty-one years, or three lives, and unlefs there Jhould be referved uy fuch grants, leafs, or ajfurances, fuch rents, as in the faid aft are expreffed; in ivhich faid aft is contained a provijo that zvhere the greateil part of the yearly value of any tenements or hereditaments belonging to the faid fifteen, her heirs and fucceffors, Jhould at the time of making any leafe or grant thereof conjijl of the building or buildings thereupon, which might want to be	.

repaired, or re-edified, in even fuch cafe, to encourage the rebuilding or reparation thereof it was declared and cnafted, that it Jhould be lawful for the faid fifteen, her heirs and fucceffors, at any time after the faid five and twentieth day of March one ihoufand /even hundred and two, to demfs or grant fuch tenements or hereditaments to any perjon or persons for any term or eft ate fo as fuch term and ejlate did not exceed fifty years, or three lives, and fo as fuch leafe or grant fioould be made to commence from the date or an a king thereof; or if fuch grant or leafe Jhould be made to take ejfeft in reverfion or expectancy, that then the fame, together with the eft ate. or eftates in pqffejjion of and in the fame tenements or hereditaments, Jhould not 'exceed fifty years, or three lives, from the dale or making thereof as afore [aidj and fo as the fame jhould not be made difpunijhable of ivafle, and fo as there jhould be referved and payable upon every fuch leaf or grant, during Jucb term, not exceeding fifty years, or three lives, as much rent as was by the faid aft required to be referved for the fame tenements or hereditaments refpeftively, in caje of a leafe not exceeding

T t 2	one

Hosted by 3gle

Claufe 6 of recited a6t, fo far as contrary to this ad:, repealed.

Anno regni tricefitno quarto Georgii III. c. 75. [1794.

one and thirty years, or three lives, and not otherzvife : and whereas, the better to encourage the erecting of large fubftantial houfes, and other buildings, upon the lands of the crown, within the ordering and furvey aforefaid, and for the improvement of the revenue arijing therefrom, /f zr expedient that the powers in and by the faid act con-tainecl and given, for clemifmg and granting any tenements or hereditaments of the defer iption laji aforefaid, fhoidd be enlarged, and further provifton made for fccuring an improvement and inc^eafe of the rents to be in future paid or referved in refpeft thereof: be it therefore enaefted by the King’s more excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the laid recited provifo in the fa id a 61 of the fir ft year of Queen Anne contained, fo far as the fame, is contrary to any of the provifions in this a<5!, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that all and every leafe or grant which, after the palling of this a6f, fhall be made or palled under the great feal, or the feal of the exchequer, of any tenements or hereditaments, whereof the greateft part of the yearly value (hall conliit of the buildings thereupon, or of any hand or ground which fhall be fet apart or appropriated for buildings, by force and virtue of this a64, and where the leflee or grantee, leflees or grantees, fhall agree and covenant to erect buildings thereon of greater yearly value than, the land or ground fo to be leafed or granted, fhall be made tor fuch term, eftate, and intereft, and in fuch manner, as by this a£t is directed, and not otherwife, or in other manner ; and if any leafe or grant fhall be made, of any fuch tenements or hereditaments, land or ground, contrary to the authority and directions of this a61, the fame fhall be utterly void and of none effe6f ; any thing, in the faid a£l, of the firft year of Queen Anne, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to affect any fubfifting leafe or grant already made by the crown, under and by virtue of the laid recited act, but that fuch leafe or grant fhall remain and be in as full force and effedt, to all intents and purpofes, as if this act had not been made.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That where any land or ground belonging or hereafter to belong to his , Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, within the ordering and furvey aforefaid, fhall be deemed, by the lord high treafurer or comrriif-fioners of the treafury for the time being, fit and proper for the erection of houfes or other buildings thereupon, or for neceffiry gardens, yards, curtilages, and other appurtenances, to be ufed

tions of greater and enjoyed therewith, and fhall be by their order directed to he yearly vqlue^ referved or fet apart and appropriated to that ufe, and where the leffee or grantee, lellees or grantees, fhall agree and covenant to eredt buildings thereon of greater yearly value than the land or ground fo to be leafed or granted, or where the greateft part of the yearly value of any tenements or hereditaments belonging to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, as aforefaid, doth' or fhall, at e	the

A6t not to affed fubftft ing leafes or grants.

His Majefty may grant land tor building, for 99 years or three lives, where the lef-fees agree to make evec-

thanthe land, or where the greateft part of'the,yearly vd u c of the premies conhlie of bull ding. 3. & c.

Hosted by



1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. e. 75-	637

the time of making any Jeafe or grant thereof, confift of any building or buildings thereupon, in all and every or any of fuch cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for his Adajefty, his heirs or fuc-cefTors, to demife or grant the land or ground fo directed to be fet apart as aforefaid, or the tenements or hereditaments of the defcription laid afcreiaid reflectively, to any person or perfons, or to any body or bodies politick or corporate, under the, great feal of Great Britain, or the feal of the exchequer, for any terra or eftate, fo as fuch term or eftate, do not exceed ninety-nine years, or three lows, to be computed from the date or making of any fuch leafe or grant refpedlively ; or if any fuch leafe or grant be made to take effedt in reverJion or expectancy, then that the term and eftate thereby to be granted, together with the term or ePrate, terms or eftates, in pofleflion of and in the fame land and ground, tenements and hereditaments refpeftively, (hall not exceed ninety-nine years, or three lives, computed from the date or making thereof as aforefaid ; and fo as the refpeCtive rents herein-alter fpecified be referved for the fame, (that is to fay), where there (ball happen to be any fubftantial building of buildings upon the ground to be demifed, or that the building or buildings thereupon (hall not require, or not be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, there (hall be referved to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, an annual rent or rents not being lefs than two third parts of fuch annual fum as (hall be deemed, by the lord high treafurer or commidioners of the treafury for the time being; 'a reafonable rent or confideration for fuch building; or build-

o'	^	__	o

ings, and ground refpedtively, for the term and edatc intended to be granted of and in the fame ; and fo as there be paid to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, a fine or fines, to the amount of the remaining part of fuch annual fum as aforefaid, fubjetd to a difcount, which (hall not be computed at a higher rate than the highed legal rate of intered at the time of making any luch grant or leafe ; and when there (hall happen to be no fubftantial building upon the land or ground to be demifed, or that the building or buildings thereupon require, or {hall be intended and agreed to be forthwith rebuilt, or other new buildings to be ereCted upon fuch land or ground, then, and in that cafe, there (hall be referved fuch annual rent or rents as (hall be deemed, by the lord high treafurer or commidioners of the treafury for the time being, to be a reafonable rent or confideration for fuch land or ground, and old buildings refpectively, for the term and eftate intended to be granted of and in the fame, without taking any fine for the fame ; and fo as in every leafe or grant of land or ground, and buildings, of the defcription laft aforefaid, there be contained a covenant or condition, on the part of the leffee or grantee, for the erecting of proper and fubftantial houfes or other buildings thereon, within a reafonable time, to be in each cafe limited for that purpofe, and fuch other covenants for keeping buildings in repair, and doing all fuch other acts, as the lord high treafurer or commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall think reafonable j and fo as all and every fuch rent

T t 3	and

 

638

On every gnrnt (except as herein excepted) annual rents to be referred, without taking any hue, &c.

Grants not to be renewed until within a certain number of years prior to their expiration;

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. [1754.

and rents be referved to be paid, free and dear of all manner of taxes and affeflments whatfoever, for and during the whole of the term or terms to be granted or demited, except fuch rent, or fuch part thereof, during fuch part of fuch term or terms as the lord high treafurer or commiflioners of the treafury for the tir$e being, fhall in any cafe think fit and expedient to be allowed, not exceeding in any cafe the term of three years-, and fo as every fuch grantee or leffee, grantees or lefiees, {hall and do duly fign, feal, and deliver, a counterpart or counterparts of his, her, or their refpeftive grant or leafe, grants or leafes, which counterparts fhall not be fubjeft to any (lamp duty ; and that all and every fuch grants and leafes, fo made as aforefaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, fhall be good, valid, and effectual in the law; any thing contained in the faid aft of the firft of Queen Anne^ or in any other aft, to the contrary not-with {landing.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That on every grant, leafe, or other aflurance which (hall be made or granted by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, under the great feal, or f.al of the exchequer, or either of them, of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, woods, or other hereditaments, (advowfons of churches and vicarages, and luch tenements and grounds, with edifices or buildings erected thereon, as are hereby authorifed to be granted for any term, not exceeding ninety-nine years or three lives, and whereon any fine or fines {hall be payable as aforefaid, only excepted)^ within the kingdom of England and dominion of Wales, or any of them, or any part thereof, now belonging, or hereafter to belong, to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and being within the ordering and lurvey aforefaid, in pofleflion, reverfion, remainder, ufe, or expectancy, to any person or perfons, body politick or corporate, whereby any eftate or intcreft whatever, in law or equity, {hall or may pafs from his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, there {hall be referved fuch clear annual rent or rents as fhall be deemed, by the lord high treafurer or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, to be a reafonable rent or confideration for fuch grant or leafe, without taking any fine for the fame; and fuch rent or rents fhall be made payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, during the whole term or time of the continuance thereof refpeftively; and no fuch leafe or grant, leafes or grants, fhall be good or effectual in the law, unlefs the grantee or leflee, grantees or Jeflees therein, do and {hall duly fign, feal, and deliver, a counterpart or counterparts of his, her, or their refpeftive grant or leafe, grants or leafes, fo made as aforefaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, which counterparts {hall not be fubjeft to any ftamp duty.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall not be lawful to renew any leafe or grant of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, tythes, woods, or other hereditaments, now belonging or hereafter to belong to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, within the ordering and fupvey aforefaid, for

any

 

T794-J Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgix III. c. 75.	639

any term of years whatever, until within five years of the period of the expiration of the fame, except fuch tenements and hereditaments as are hereby authorifed to be granted for any term not exceeding ninety-nine years, nor to renew any grant or leafe of any fuch tenements or hereditaments as are hereby authorifed to be granted for fuch term, not exceeding ninety-nine years, until within twenty years of the period of the expiration of the fame* nor any leafe or grant for lives, fo long as there fhall be more than one of fuch lives in being, except in the cafes herein-after mentioned.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared.

That if it fhall appear, to the fatisfadlion of the lord high trea- except in cafes furer or lords commilhoners of the treafury for the time being,	fpec*te

that any persons or person have or has, at any time before the pafting of this add, entered into any covenants or engagements to obtain renewals of lcafes at earlier periods, in confidence that the fame could be renewed according to the ordinary practice in fuch cafes, it fhall be lawful in fuch cafes to renew any leafe or grant at a greater difiance of time from the period of the expiration thereof, fo as to enable fuch person or persons to perform fuch covenants or engagements} any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided alfo, That if any person or ^t^ncTfine^ persons fhall be the le/fee or leflees of any tythes of any lands, or ‘be m3C^c of any other profits ifilling out of any lands, and fhall be alfo the in certain owner or owners of, or interefied in, fuch lands, it fhall be lawful cafes, for the lord nigh trea furer or lords commi (boners of the treafury for the time being, to order a renewal of leafes of fuch tythes or other profits, at fuch times as fhall appear to them convenient for the moft beneficial enjoyment of fuch tythes or other profits, together with fuch lands refpedlively : provided alfo, That if it fhall be made appear to the fatisfadfion of the lord high treafurer or lords commifiloners of his Majefty’s treafurv for the time being, that any persons or person having any leafe of any lands belonging to his MajePcy have cr has, before the pafting of this a61, made any demile of fuch lands, or entered into any agreement to de-rnife the fame, for the purpofe of improving the fame by building, and have or has entered into any covenants or engagements, in confequence whereof fuch persons or person would, by reafon of the improvements fo made, be bound to pay, upon the renewal of any leafe or grant of*fuch lands, more than fuch persons or person would be entitled to receive from the under leflees or leffee thereof, it fhall be lawful for the lord high treafurer or commif-fioners of the treafury for the time being, to make a juft abatement in the rent and fine to be referved and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, in confequence of fuch improvement, and that fuch leafe or grant as fhall be made (regard being had to fuch circumftances) fhall be good and effectual ; any thing in this a£t contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby cnadfed and declared, \yaftes That where any waftes, commons, or other lyfinclpfed lands or for improve-grounds, within the ordering and furvey aforefaid, in which his mer>t, lands

T t 4	Majefty,	tothegrowth

 

640 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. [1794.

of wood, See. Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, has or fliall have any intereft, {hail be deemed fit and proper to be divided, inclofed, drained, or able^to recited otherwife improved, and fliall be, by authority of parliament or or this act. otherwife, authorifed and diredled to be divided and inclofed, or where any lands or grounds belonging to and held under any leafe or grant from his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or from any of his Majefty’s royal predeccflbrs, under the great feal, or feal of the exchequer, {hall be deemed, by the lord high treafurer or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, fit and expedient to be planted and appropriated to the growth of wood or timber, or any farm houfe, or other fubftantial building, to be erected for the better management and improvement of any lands or grounds, or any pits, {halts, levels, watercourfes, engines, or other works, to be digged, funk, erected, or made, for the better and more advantageous working of any mines, quarries, or collieries, belonging to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceiTors, and held as aforefaid, and where the term or eftate in pofleftion of and in the fame refpedtivelv fliall be deemed, by the lord high treafurer or commiiTioners of the treafury, to be infufficient to repay the cofts and charges of fuch works and improvements, with reafo.11-able profit and advantage to the parties making or caufing the fame to be made, or to their reprefentatives or afligns, in all and every fuch cafe and cafes it fliall and may be lawful, at any time or times hereafter, to renew any fuch leafe, or to grant any further or other leafe of any fuch lands or grounds, mines, quarries, or collieries, or any part thereof, for any term or eflate, not exceeding the terms or eftates authorifed to be granted of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of fuch or the like deferiptions, by Where	the faid a 6b of the fir ft year of Queen Anne^ or by this adt; and

houfes, &c. that where any houfes or other buildings fliall require, or {hall be bifil^&cf fur ^nten<^ec^ ar*d agreed to be rebuilt, or any new houfes or other ther leafes " buildings to be eredbed, or wheie any houfes or other buildings may be grant-have been, at any time before the pafling of this adb, eredbed ed.	upon	any	land	or	ground belonging to, and held under, any

leafe or grant, whereof the term or eftate in pofleftion at the time of eredling fuch houfes or other buildings refpedtively fliall be deemed, by the lord high treafurer or conimiftioners of the treafury, to be infufficient to repay the coft and charges of eredt-ingfuch houfes or buildings, with reasonable profit and advantage to the parties eredling or caufing the fame to be eredbed, or to their reprefentatives or afligns, in all and every fuch cafe and cafes it fliall and may be lawful, at any time or times hereafter, to grant any further or other leafe of any fuch houfes or other buildings, and land or ground refpedfively, for any term or eftate, not exceeding the terms and eftates hereby authorifed to be granted ; provided that in every fuch leafe there be referved and made payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, fuch rent or rents as is or are hereby required to be referved, and that covenants or conditions be inferted therein, on the part of the refpedbive grantees or leflees, for eredfing fuch new houfes or other buildings, and performing fuch refpedlive works and improvements,

at

 

1794 ] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75,	641

at the cods and charges of fuch grantees or leffees, within a rea-fonable time, to be in each cafe limited and appointed for that purpofe, where fuch houfes or other buildings, or fuch works and improvements, fhall not have been previoufly eredled, made, or performed.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That before the making of any grant or leafe under the great Before any feal, or feal of the exchequer, of any manors, mefluages, lands, lsa fur tenements, rents, tythes, woods, or other hereditaments, now be- vey Qf the longing, or hereafter to belong to his Pvlajefty, his heirs or fuc- premifes, and cefibrs, within the ordering and furvey aforefaid, a furvey of the aneftimateof premifes, where the fame fhall be capable of fuch furvey, and an ^nu^vahfe1 eflimate of the improved annual value thereof, fhall be had and j-0 he'made * made by fuch able and practical furveyors of land or of houfes and certified (according to the nature of the cafe) as fhall be named for that by the fur-purpofe,by or under the order and direction of the lord high trea- veyor> furer or co’mmiffioners of the treafury, or of the furveyor general of the land revenues of the crown for the time being, which faid furveyors of land or of houfes fhall certify, by their reports in writing under their hands, what in their judgment is or are the true and fair improved annual worth or value of the refpedtive efhtes fo by them furveyed and valued, clear of all taxes, afTefT-ments, and reprizes whatever 5 and where the greateft part of the value thereof fhall confift of the building or buildings thereon, or of ground fet apart and appropriated for building, the faid furveyor or furveyors fhall certify the true and fair annual worth or value of the refpe&ive buildings, land, or ground, clear of all contributions for the expences of building of party walls, or repairing the fame, and of repairing, and keeping in repair, the refpedtive buildings, (as the cafe may be), and alfo of all taxes, afleffments, and reprizes whatever, and alfo what is or fhall then appear to be the true hate and condition of fuch buildings,, in point of their repair, hrength and durability; and alfo for what term of years it fhall appear to him or them to be mol! beneficial for the interefl of the crown to grant fuch buildings or ground refpedlively, regard being had to the quality and condition of the buildings then handing upon fuch ground, and of the buildings propofed to be eredled thereonj and every person who (hall be An oath to employed to make furveys and ePci mates, or valuations, of any eac^hu^ t0 fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, woods,	■

or other hereditaments as aforefaid, in confequence of applications for grants or renewals of leafes thereof, fhall annex to each furvey and ehimate, or valuation, an oath (or, being of the people called fakers, an affirmation) taken and fubferibed by him before a julfice of the peace in any county, city, or liberty, within this kingdom, the tenor whereof fhall be as follows :

J A, B. do fvjear, [or, being a quaher, do folemnly affirm] 'That the Form of oath. ^ Jurvey or account hereto annexed was faithfully and impartially made by me ; that the value of the property of the crown therein contained is jujily ejlimated therein, according to the befl of my fkill and

judgment;

 

64z	.Anrro regni trkefimo quarto Georgh III. c. 75. [1794J

judgment ; and that all the particulars ftated in the faidfurvey or account are truei to the bef of my knoivlcdge and belief.

So help me GOD.

O.'-tTr to be filed.

Geo. j. cv 8 7, and jo- Geo. 2r* jro, recited' ; and

Which oath or affirmation, fo taken and fubferibed, fhall be filed with the furvey and eftimate in the proper office for depofiting the fame.

Leafes of pre- IX. Provided always, and be it further enadied, 1 hat where v-nifes of a any tenements or hereditaments, of which a leafe or grant may be aPP^ed for, fhall happen to be of a known, fixed, and unimprove-renewed with- a^e value, or where the nature of fuch tenements or heredita-ont ikrwy. merits, or the eircumfiances relative thereto, the annual worth or value thereof, cannot be known or afeertained by the means of a . furvey or infpedlion thereof, or where the value of fucb tenements or hereditaments fhal! be previoufiy known to be fo final I or in-confiderable that it fhall' not be deemed expedient to incur the expence of taking a furvey thereof, in any fuch cafe it (hall and maybe lawful to grant or renew a leafe of fuch tenements or hereditaments, without caufmg a furvey or efiimate to be pre-vioufiy made thereof, if the lord high treafurer or commifiioncrs of the treafury fhall fo order and direct.

X.	And whereas, by an at7, made in the twenty-forth year of the reign of his prefnt Majejly, (intituled, An act for appointing com-mifioners to enquire into the frate and condition of the woods, forefts, and land revenues, belonging to the crown; and to fell or alienate fee farm and other unimproveable rents) ; and by another adl, made in the thirtieth year of his pref nt Majefiys reign, (intituled. An adt to continue and amend an adf, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled,.

4 An adt for appointing commifiioners to enquire into the ftate-and condition of the woods, forefts, and land revenues, belonging to the crown ; and to fell or alienate fee farm and other unimproveable rents),’ it was (among other things) enabled. That it Jhould and might be lawful for the commiffioners named in, or to be appointed under the authority of the faid a bis, to couirabi and agree with any person or perfins, bodies politick or corporate, for the file of any fee farm rents, rents fervices, rents feck, quit rents, chauntry rents, guild re?its, cafle guard rents, vifeontial rents, and other dry, fixed, and unimproveable rents, due and payable to his Majcfiy, his heirs or fucceffors, within the furvey and receipt of his Majcfiy*s ex-chequer y at or for the baft prices or confidei'aliens in money which the faid. commifiioners Jhould be able to procure, not being lefs than after the fever al rates of pur chafe therein mentioned: and whereas the whole of the faid rents were not fold or difpofd of previous to the expiration of the faid abls : be it therefore enadted by the authority aforelaid. That, from and after the tenth day of October one thoufand fever* hundred and ninety-four, it fhall and may be lawful for the fur-veyor general of the land revenues of the crown now or for the g, to contract and agree with any person or perfons, or llot(jq\ any bodies politick or corporate, for the fale of any fee farm pofed of under rents* rents fervices, rents feck, chauntry rents, caftie guard them*	rents.

ffiom Oct. io, s794, the fur-vcyor general may coiitiaft for the fale of time being teetarm rents.

 

1794-] Anno regni tricefuno quarto Georgii III. c. 75-

rents, vifcontial rents, and other dry, fixed, and unimproveable rents, except quit rents and copyhold rents {landing in charge as parcel of or belonging to any manor or reputed manor, due and payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in England or in I'Vales, within the furvey and receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, at or for the bed prices or confiderations in money which the faid furveyor general fhall be able to procure for the fame, and which fhall be approved of by the lord high treafurer or commiifiouers of the treafury for the time being, not being lefs than the feveral rates or purchafe enacted and provided by the faid recited ad of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty*

XI.	And) for facilitating the conveyance of the aforefaid rents to the rejpcclive purchafers thereof be it further enacled, That the Bank to opeTj governor and directors of the bank <5f England fhall, and they are hereby required to open an account in their books, under the paj^ title of A11 Account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, and carry to the credit of fuch account the feveral monies by this ad direded to be paid to the cafhiers of the bank, for or on account of the purchafe of any fuch rents as aforefaid; and wheidoever the faid fur- Surveyor ge-veyor general fhall have contraded with any person or perfons, neral to grant bodies politick or corporate, for the file of any rent or rents, the faid furveyor general fhall grant unto the purchafer or purchafers °0 be^TidT^ a certiftcate under his hand, fpecifying the rent fo contraded for, which is to and the amount of the purchafe money to be paid for the fame; be received at and the faid cafhiers of the bank, or one of them, fhall, upon the Jcce^Ts^'iven produdion of fuch certificate, accept and receive from fuch pur- o^the ccrtf-11 chafer or-purchafers the purchafe monies therein fpecified, and at ficates, which, the foot or on the back of fuch certificate acknowledge the re- beinginrolled ceipt of the faid monies, without fee or reward ; and the faid cer- ^^to^oldhe' tificate and receipt ihall be afterwards brought to the office of the land revenue, refpedive auditor of the land revenue, and be there forthwith in- ihall give rolled, in proper books to be provided and kept for that purpofe, poffdfion. feparate and apart from the other bufinefs and proceedings of the faid refpedive offices ; and fuch auditor having inrolled the faid certificate and receipt as aforefaid, fhall atteft the fame, under his hand, and return the faid certificate and receipt to the purchafer or purchafers; and from and immediately after fuch inrol-ment, and thenceforth for ever, the refpedive purchafers of fuch rents, and their heirs or fucceffors, fhall by force of this ad be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be, in the adual feifin and pof-feifion of the rents fo by them refpedively purchafcd, and fhall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and dif-pharged of and from all claims and demands which can or may be made by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or by any person or persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under, hirn or them, and of and from all manner of incumbrances whatfoever, heretofore made or charged upon the fame rents, and as fully and amply, to all intents and purpofes, as his Majefty, his heirs or fuccelfors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame; and fhall have and enjoy all and fingular the powers, remedies, benefits, and advantages, for the recovery thereof, given or allowed

to

 

Certificates to be in the following

to the purchafers of rents in and by two afts of parliament, made and palTed in the twenty-fecond and twenty-third years of the reign of his late majefly King Charles the Second, or any other law or ftatute whatever, in as large and ample manner and form as if luch purchafers had been made of, and the laid rents conveyed by, the truftees or commiiiioners appointed or authorifed by or under and by virtue of the fame afts, or either of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the certificates to be granted by the faid furveyor general, on the fale of any rent or rents as aforefaid, fhall be exprefTed in the words following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to fay),

By the Surveyor General of his Majefty’s Land Revenue.

Form ;	CJ^HESE	are to certify, That the faid furveyor general hath con-

trailed and agreed with A. B. for the fale to him [her, or theru as the cafe may be] of all that rent of	ijfutng	and

payable out ^[briefly deferibing the lands or hereditaments chargeable] now or late payable by	at	or	for	the	price

cr fum of	of	lawful	money of Great Britain, to be

paid by the faid A. B. into the bank of England, and carried to the account of the fale offee farm rents [and in the cafe of a fubfifting leafe then the following words are to be added] fubjeft never the-lefs to a leafe thereof granted under the great feat of Great Britain [or, the feal of his Majefy's exchequer, as the cafe may be] bearing date the	day	of	one	theufand

f even hundred and	unto	for	a	term

of	years which vaill expire on or about the

day of	and from and immediately after

the payment of the faid fum in manner aforefaid, and the 'enrolment of this certificate, and the receipt fior the faid pur chafe money in the office of the commijfoners for auditing the publick accounts of the king-dom, and thenceforth for ever, the purchafer or purchafers [as the cafe may be] of the faid.rent [or rents] and his or their heirs, fuc-ceffors, or nffgns, fhall be adjudged> deemedand taken to be in the aftualfeifin and pojfejfton of the faid rent [or rents] fo by him pur-chafed, by force and virtue of an aft of parliament, paffid in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his mayfly King George the Thirds intituled, An aft [inferring the title of this adt].

Given under the hand of the faid Jurveyor general, the day of

andwitnefled. 'Which faid certificates fhall be refpeftively witnefled and attefted, as to the figning thereof, by the faid furveyor general, by one of Receipts of t;he principal clerks, or other officers in his office; and that the the bmk to be receipts to be given or fubferibed by the cafhier of the bank, at -.nf	foot	or on the of fuch certificates refpeftively as afore-

faid, fhall be in the words and figures following, or as near thereto as may be ; (that is to fay),

in the following

Form:

Received the

day of

one t.houfandfeven hundred

 

5 794-] Anno fegni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75.	645

hundred and	of	and from A. B. the fum of

of lawful money of Great Britain, being ike corf deration money ex-prejfed in the above [or within'] written certificate.

Witnejs my hamf For the governor and company of the bank 0/England*

(Signed)

Go finer.

and to be dif-tributed as

Which faid certificates and receipts, being .enrolled as aforefaid, and whetien-

(hall effe&ually difcharge the faid purchafers, or other persons to

whom the fame (hall be fo given and granted, of and from the p^hafexs.

purchafe and confideration money therein refpedlively exprefled,

and fuch purchafers or other persons fhall never afterwards be

liable to, or called upon, fued, troubled, molefted, or queftioned,

for or in refpeftt of fuch purchafe or confideration money, or any

part thereof.

XIII.	And be it further enadled. That the certificates and re- Certificates

ceipts hereby diredled to be given (hall be made forth and inrolled and receipts at the expence of the persons entitled to or requiring the fame, t0 trle. for which certificates fuch fees fhall be paid (exclufive of the cx- p^ties^ °	^

pence offramps, parchment, and inrolling) as the lord high trea- Fees to be furer or commiftioners of the trealury fhall direct and eftablifii, paid for cer-in proportion to the value of the rents to be fold, fo that no tificates, greater fee be paid for any one rent than twenty fhiilings ■ and if

the certificate be for more rents than one, a further fee (hall be paid for every fuch rent, not exceeding one fourth of the fee taken for the highefb rent included in the fame certificate; and the like fees as aforefaid, and no more, fhall be taken for the inrolment of the faid certificates and receipts ; which find fees (hall be received by arid di-ftributed among ft the officers and clerks of the the^furvcvoc faid furveyor general, in fuch manner and proportion as the faid general id ail furveyor general {hall direct,	direct.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That where the confideration Stamp duty

money contracted to be paid for any purchafe or difcharge what- on certifi-foever, authorifed to be made by this act, fhall exceed the fum cates* r<ft of ten pounds, the certificate of the laid furveyor general fhall be u ^	^

written on parchment, (lamped or notified with fuch a (lamp

duty as is required by law for common conveyances of lands, and no other damp fhall-be requifite for the ealhiefts receipt for fuch confideration money ; and where fuch confideration money fhall not exceed the fum of ten pounds, the faid certificates ill all or may be written on parchment, without any other (lamp duty than fuch as fhall by law be requisite for the cnfhlefts receipt; and that in ail cafes where the confideration to be paid for the purchafe of any fuch rent or rents, by the owners of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, out of which the fame are payable, to any purchafer or purchafers of fuch rents under this act, his or their heirs and affigns, fhall not exceed the fum of ten pounds, the conveyance thereof fhall or may he written on parchment, without any other ft amp duty than fuch as (hall bylaw be required for the receipt for the confideration money.

XV.	Provided

 

of person s neglt&ing to procure certificates. occ. for 14 days to be null, and the eonfideration money forfeited, unit fs the fur-•veyor general lhall order inrolment.

Money paid into the bank to be laid out in the 3 per cent, confols, &c.

646 Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGII IIT. c. 75. [1794.

The contracts XV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any person or perfons, with whom the /aid furveyor general {hall contract for any of the rents by this aft authorifed to be fold, difcharged, or extinguifhed, (hall negleft to procure and fue forth the certificate of the fin'd furveyor general of his, her, or their contraft, or /hall neglect to pay into the bank: the confideration money therein to be fpecified, or fhall negleft to inroll fuch certificate, and the cafhier’s receipt for the faid money, according to the direftions of this aft, for the fpace of fourteen days, to be computed from the day on which fuch contraft {ball have been made, the faid contraft fhall be null and void, and the confideration money, if paid into the bank, (hall be forfeited unlefs the faid furveyor general fhall, for any reafonable caufe to him (hewn for the omifiion of fuch inrolment, order the faid certificate to be in-rolled, nunc pro tunc, and which, upon fuch caufe being {hewn, he is hereby authorifed to order accordingly.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every fum and fums of money which fhall be paid into the bank of England under or by virtue of this aft, on account of the fale of fee farm rents, fhall from time to time be laid out, by the order of the faid furveyor general, in the purchafe of three per centum confolidated bank annuities, in the name of the lord high treafurer of England, in which name the governor and company of the bank of Eng--land are hereby authorifed and required to permit transfers to be made of the annuities, funds, or fiock, fo to be purchafed, and luch transfers to be accepted by the faid furveyor general, for and in the rtame of the lord high treafurer of England, and the faid furveyor general is hereby required to accept the lame ac-

Annuities not cordincrly; and that all and fingular the annuities fo to be pur-^d^\\Hthoiitr~ chaled and accepted (hall remain inverted in the lord high trea-authority of furer, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high parliament, treafurer, for the time being, and {hall not be transferred or yUt *ri1f b^ t0 trar,ff£rrahle without the authority of parliament ; but all the in-orderofthe tercfts °f the faid annuities or yearly dividends fhall be, from trealury. and time to time, paid by the faid governor and company into the applied as the hands of fuch person or persons as fhall be appointed to receive land revenues tjle fame5 by warrant or power of attorney, 'under the hand and feal of the lord high treafurer, or of .the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, and Hi all, by force and virtue of this aft, be deemed and taken in law to be part of the faid land revenues of the crown, and fhall be from time to time anfwered, accounted for, applied, and appropriated, to fuch and the fame ufes and purpofes as the land revenues of the crown now are, or would hereafter have been liable to have been applied and appropriated to in cafe this aft had not been made.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefiiid, That the furveyor general of the crown lands, now and for the

Surveyor general may compound for arrears of rent.

time being, (the content of the lord high treafurer or the commiffioners of the trealury, or any three cf them, for the time being, having been in each cafe previoufiy obtained), {hall have the lame power to compound for arrears of any or the laid rents

as

Dy 

1794*1 Anno regni trkefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75,	^47

as was vefted in the faid commiffioners by the faid a<fts of the twenty-fixth and thirtieth years of the reign of his prefent

Majefty.

XVIII.	And whereas, by an aft, made in the twenty-feventh year 27 Geo. 3,

the reign of his prefent Majefty, inti tided, An a£t For the fale of c* 2^ and

certain houfes and ground belonging to his Majefty, it ivas en-afted, That it fbould and might be laivful for the lord high treafurer or the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, to treat, contract, and agree, for the fade or for the leafing of all or any part of the e/later, right, title, or inter eft, in or to all or any of the houfes, mejfuagts, tenements, and ground, therein particularly mentioned and fpecificd: and whereas, by another aft, made in the thirty fecondyear of the reign of his faid Majefty, intituled\ An a£l to repeal fo much 3-* Geo. 3-of an a (SI, made in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, c. 24, recited, as relates to the fale of the houfe in Privy Garden, heretofore Ailed as an cilice for the commiffioners of the lottery, and to enable his Majefty to grant the fame, it was enafted, That fo much of the faid aft as related to the fale or leafing of the faid houfe in Privy Garden fhould be, and the fame was, thereby repealed: and whereas no treaty, contra ft, or agreement, hath been entered into by the lords com miff oners of the treafury for the fale or leafing of any of the faid houfes, meffuages, tenements., or ground, by virtue of the faid firft-mentioned aft : and it is not expedient that the fame fn Quid be fold or leafed under the faid aft : be it therefore further enacted. That fo So much of much of the faid firft-mentioned a£f as was not repealed by the rec^ted faid a& of the thirty-fecond year of his Majefty’s reign fhall be, repe^l^by1^ and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that it (hall and may be the .latter, re-Jawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, from time pealed, to time, to grant, demife, or allure, all or any part or parts of the faid p re mules for fuch terms, eftates, and interefts, and underand fubjedt to fuch limitations, reservations, reftrunions, provifoes, and conditions, as are enacted and provided in and by this act, in refpedi of any other mefiuagos, tenements, or ground, of the like nature or deferiptions, belonging to his Majefty.

XIX.	And whereas it may be expedient to permit the lejfees or grantees of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the authority of this aft, to alien the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fo demijed or granted, in parcels, and for that purpofs to fur render the fubfijling leafe or grant thereof for the purpofe of obtaining dift in ft leafes or grants of fuch fever al parcels, referving in the whole the fame rent as Jhall have been referved by fuch furrendered leafe or grant or more ;

be it enacted. That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs Leafes may he and fuccelTors, at any time, upon furrender of any fubfifting leafe furrendered, or grant, to make any new leafes or grants of the fame lands, and new one* tenements, or hereditaments. In parcels; provided fuch new leafes krnintea< or grants be for the fame term of years, and there be referved thereon in the whole the fame annual rent, or more, as was, granted and referved by fuch fir rendered leafe or grant; and provided alfo, That fuch new leafes or grants fhall contain the fame covenants as were contained in fuch fur rendered leak: or grant,

fo

Hosted by



648 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Gsorgii III. c. 75. [1794*

To far as the fubdivifion of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, will permit.

XX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared.

Aft not to af- That this add, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend, or olfthe chaiT^ con^ruec^ to extend, to any manors, meffuages, lands, tene-cellor and ' nients, tythes, or other hereditaments, within the ordering and council of the furvey of the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancafter, or duchy of Lan- to any of the rents and revenues thereof, or to any leafe or grant, caller.	leafes	or	grants, made or to be made under the feals of the duchy

and county palatine of Lancafter, or either of them *, but that all. and fingular the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements,' tythes, and other hereditaments, of and belonging to the hud duchy, fhall and may remain and continue to be granted and demifed by his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, for the like terms, eftates, and interefts, and the rents and revenues thereof, to be received and applied, under the order and direction of the chancellor and council, and other officers of the faid duchy, to and for the like ufes and purpofes, and in like manner and form, as before the paffing of this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanaing.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Surveyor ge- That the faid furveyor general of the land revenues of the crown

^or ^ t!me	I^a^	and	hereby	required,	within thirty

and the par- ^a;s a^ter t^le c°mrnencement of the feffion of parliament which liament what fhall be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and nintey-feven, and alfo within thirty days after the commencement of the feffion of parliament in every third year following the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and nincty-feven, (without any fpecial or other requifition to be made to him for that purpefe), certify and report in writing, under his hand and feal, unto the King’s moft excellent majefty, and both houfes cf parliament, what leafes or grants fhall have been made of any part of the faid land revenue, from the commencement of this aft unto the time of making the report of the faid furveyor general, and from the time of making fuch fir ft or any fubfequent report to the time of making the report next following the fame, and for what terms or eftates fuch leafes or grants fhall have been made, and aifo the annual value of the tenements cr hereditaments com-prifed in every fuch leafe, as returned on oath by the furveyor or furveyors employed to furvey the fame, and the annual value of the fame premifes by the laft preceding furvey thereof, (where there fhall happen to be a former furvey and valuation of the fame in the cuftody or power of the faid furveyor general), and what rent or rents fhall have been referved on every fuch leafe or grant, and what fines paid for the fame, and upon what other confiderations fuch leafes fhall refpeftively have been made or granted ; and alfo, fo far as the fame can be done, the rents and fines which were referved and paid upon or for the laid preceding leafe or grant of fuch tenements or hereditaments, and alfo the amount of all fee farm rents, or other dry, fixed, and unimprove-

able

leafes have been made, &c.

 

t794'] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76.	649

able rents, which fhall have been fold by virtue of this a£1, within the fame periods refpe&ively, and of the purchafe money paid for the fame, and the amount of the three pounds per centum con-folidated bank annuities purchafed therewith, and all fuch other matters and things, touching or concerning the faid land revenue, or any part thereof, as to the faid furveyor general fhall feem proper and neceffary to be contained and let forth in fuch reports.

XXII.	And whereas, by an aft, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, (intituled, An acft for preventing frauds 4 Geo. 3, and abufes in relation to the fending and receiving of letters and c. 24. packets free from the duty of poffag A),it is enafted, That, from and after the firfi day of May one thoufand feven hundred andJixty-four, fo long as the revenue arifing in the general letter office, or poji office, or office of poftmaffer general, Jhall continue to be made part of the aggregate fund, no letters or packets fent by the pofl to dr from any place zvhatfoever, Jhall be exempted from paying the duty of pofage, except fuch letters and packets as are therein particularly excepted: and whereas the privilege of fending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of pofage is not by the faid adi extended to the furveyor general of his Majefy's land revenue for the time beings who, by virtue of his office, necejfarily fends and receives ??iany letters and packets relating to the publick revenue of this kingdom : be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and Surveyor ge-after the palling of this a£t, the faid furveyor general of his Ma-jelly’s land revenue for the time being fhall and may fend and re- cefre letters ceive letters and packets free from the duty of poftage, in the free of poft-fame manner, and under fuch reftri&ions, as others officers men- age. tioned in the faid a£l are thereby permitted, in refpedt of their offices, to fend and receive the fame, in purfuance of the faid a£t.

CAP. LXXVI.

An aft for veffing certain meffitages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trufees, for the better fecuring his Majefy's batteries, and other works, in the counties of Kent and Devon.—[June 11,

1794* J

HEREAS, for better protecting fuch part of the coafs of Preamble; Kent and Devon, as lie open and expofed to the attacks and depredations of his Majefy's enemies, it is highly expedient to frengthen and fecure the batteries and other ivorks erefted on the faid coafs, and in order thereunto, to purchafe, among other lands and hereditaments, the lands herein-afier mentioned, to be fituate in the parifhes of Cher-rington in the faid county of Kent, and Brixham in the faid county of Devon : and whereas divers' fmall dwelling houfes, fituate on the eafifide cf Warren Lane, in the par if? of Saint Adary Woolwich, in the faid county of Kent, lie jo near to his Majefly's royal laboratory in the warren at Woolwich aforefaid, as, in cafe of accident by fire, to endanger not only the faid laboratory, but alfo his Majefy's other buildings and fores of ivar in the faid warren \ wherefore it is expedient to purchafe the faid dwelling houfes for the ufe of his Majefy's Vol. XXXIX.	U	u	faid

Hosted by



6§o Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii ITI, c. j6. [1794.

faid warren: and whereas the faid lands fituate in the pari/hes of Cherrington and Brixham aforefaid., as atfo the faid dwelling houfes in W arren Lane aforefaid, or fome of them, are or may be the ejlates of infants, femes covert, ecclefiaftical corporationsother perfons, who by law are difabled to make any contrasts or conveyances, zV; all which cafes, as likezuife when any proprietors defigning to obftrudl the publick fervicc, or to make any unreafonable gain to themftelves, infifl on extravagant rates, it will be necejfary to have recourfe to the fame ?nethods that have been taken in cafes of the like nature: to the end therefore that the true and real value of the faid ejlates may be aftcer-tamed, and the owners and proprietors thereof may have a juft and reafonable fatisfaStion for the fame ; be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

Particulars of parliament afFembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all

i^the\ruftees ^at P*ece or Parce^ °f arable land belonging to Hunt Jcffcreys,

* containing by admeafurement fixty-feven acres and five perches, or thereabouts, fituate, lying, and being, in the parifh of Cher-rington, in the faid county of Kent, and abutted and bounded as follows ; (that is to fay), On the north partly by a bridle road or way leading from Sandgate to Cherrington, and partly by two pieces of land herein-after mentioned, belonging to fir John Honeyzvood; on the eaft by other parts of the fame bridle road or way leading from Sandgate to Cherrington; on the fouth by Other lands of the faid Hunt Jeffereys, herein-after mentioned ; and on the weft by two pieces of land belonging to James Drake Brockman efquire, called The Upper Ten Acres and The Lower Ten Acres : and alfo, all thofe two pieces or parcels of arable and pafture land, belonging to the faid Hunt Jeffereys, lying together, and containing by admeafurement forty-three acres, or thereabouts, fituate, lying, and being, in the parifh of Cherrington aforefaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; (that is to fay), On the north by the faid piece or parcel of arable land herein-before described ; on the eaft by a piece of pafture land now in the tenure or occupation of	Wallyer; on the fouth by the highway

or road leading from Sandgate to Hythe; and on the weft by a piece or parcel of land belonging to the faid James Drake Brockman, called Shorn Cliff; fave and except out of the faid piece of pafture land, a certain flip or parcel of land lying at the fouth-eaft corner thereof, and extending in length from the faid land in the tenure or occupation of the faid	Wally er, along

the faid highway or road towards Hythe aforefaid eight hundred feet, and in depth from north to fouth one hundred feet, together with all eredlions and buildings on the faid flip or parcel of lane}: and alfo, all that the faid piece or parcel of pafture land called Shorn Cliff, belonging to the faid James Drake Brockman, (on part whereof a battery, called Shorn Cliff Battery, hath lately been eredied and built), containing by admeafurement (including the cliff at the north-weft end thereof) thirty-fix acres and eighteen perches, or thereabouts, fituate, lying, and being, in the parifh of Cherrington aforefaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; e "	that

 

5 794*] Anno regni tricelimo quarto Georgii III. c.

that is to fay, On the north by other lands of him the fold James

'Drake Brockman, called Middle Cl\jf and The Lower Ten lucres ; on the eaft by the faid piece of arable land belonging to the faid Hunt J offer eys^,\?&\y above deferibed; on the fouth by the faid road leading from Sandgale to Hythe \ and on the weft by a piece of pafture land belonging to fir John Honeywood: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land, partly arable and partly pafture, be* longing to the faid James Drake Brockman, called Middle Cliffy containing by admeafurement eleven acres, two roods and twelve perches, or thereabouts, fituate, lying, and being, in the parifh of Cherrlngton aforefaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to fay, On the north by the piece or parcel of land hereinafter mentioned, called Hythe Bottom; on the eaft partly by the faid piece of land called The Lower Ten Acres, and partly by the faid piece of land called The Upper Ten Acres; on the fouth by Shorn Cliff a fore faid ; and on the weft by the faid piece of pafture land belonging to fir John Honeywood: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of arable land belonging to the fiid James Drake Brockman^ called Hythe Boitorrij containing by admeafurement forty acres and fixteen perches, or thereabouts, fituate, lying, and being, in the parifh of Cherrlngton aforefaid, and abutted and bounded as follows ; that is to fay, On the north by two pieces or parcels of arable land, called Heron Hill; on the eaft by the faid Upper Ten Acres \; on the fouth by the faid field, called Middle Cliffy and on the weft by lands belonging to or in the tenure or occupation of Thomas Nick oils: and alfo, all that the faid piece or parcel of arable land belonging to the faid James Drake Brockman, called The Upper Ten Acres, containing by admeafurement fourteen acres* one rood and ten perches, or thereabouts, fituate, lying, and being, in the parifh of Cherrlngton aforefaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to fay, On the north by lands of the faid Hunt Jeffreys, called Bunnyers; on the eaft partly by a fmall piece or parcel of arable land, herein-afeer mentioned, belonging to fir John Honeywood, and partly by the piece of arable land belonging to the faid Hunt Jeffreys, firft herein-before defcribed y on the fouth by the faid piece of arable land called The Lower Ten-Acres ; and on the weft by the faid held, called The Middle Cliff: and alfo, all that the faid piece or parcel of arable land belonging to the faid James Drake Brockman, called The Lower Ten Acresy containing by admeafurement ten acres and thirty-five perches, or thereabouts, fituate, lying, and being, in the parilh of Cher-rlngton aforefaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to fay, On the north by The Upper Ten Acres aforefaid ; on the eaft by the faid piece or parcel of arable land firft herein-before mentioned, belonging to the faid Hunt Jeffereys; on the fouth by Shorn Cliff aforefaid ; and on the weft by Middle Cliff aforefaid : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of arable land belonging to fir John Honeywood baronet, called The Three Acres, containing by admeafurement two acres, three roods and twenty perches, or thereabouts, fituate, lying, and being, in the parifh of Cherrlngton aforefaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to fay, On

UU2

the

Hosted by

652 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76. [1794-

the north by the laid lands of the faid Hunt Jeffereys, called Bun-tiy^rs ; on the eaft and fouth by the faid piece of arable land firft hercin-before mentioned* belonging to the faid Hunt Jeffereys ; and on the weft by The Upper Ten Acres aforefaid : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of arable land belonging to him the faid fir John Honeywood baronet, called The Five Acres, containing by eftimation four acres, two roods and twenty perches, or thereabouts, fituate, lying, and being, in the parifh of Cherrington aforefaid, and abutted and bounded as follows ^ that is to fay, On the north by the aforefaid road leading from Sandgate to Cherrington ; and on the eaft, fouth, and weft, by the faid piece or parcel of arable land, firft herein-before mentioned, belonging to the faid Hunt Jeffereys; together with all houfes, erections, and buildings, now erected or built on the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or any of them, or any part thereof: and alfo, all * thofe nine fmall mefluages or tenements, with the yards, gardens, and appurtenances, thereunto refpedtively belonging, fituate, ft and in g, and being, in Warren Lane aforefaid, in the parifh of Saint Mary Woolwich aforefaid, and abutted and bounded as follows ; that is to fay, On the north by the back part of a meffuage or tenement belonging to his Majefty, now in the occupation of the ftorekeeper of his Majefty’s ordnance at Woolwich Warren aforefaid; on the eaft by the faid laboratory and other buildings in the faid warren; on the fouth by another meffuage or tenement belonging to his Majefty, heretofore the property of William Prieft; and on the weft by the faid ftreet or lane called Warren Lane: all which faid mefluages or tenements were heretofore the property of Jofefih Kirk efquire, deceafed, now of Sufannah the wife of Robert Thompfon gentleman, Francis M^Culloh and James Brown Homer efquires, or fome of them, and are in the feveral tenures or occupations of John Wickham, Thomas Evans, John Jefferies, John Brinkley,	Screen widow, Thomas Mitchell,

Thomas Floyd., William EUisy and Richard Maylin: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of John Underhay, containing by admeafurement one acre, or thereabouts, fituate upon or near a point of land called The Berry Heady in the parifh of Brixbamy in the county of Devon; and bounded on the fouth by the fea cliff; on the north by the piece or parcel of land next herein-after deferibed ; on the'eaft by the wafte lands herein-after mentioned, fituate on The Berry Head aforefaid ; and on the weft by a boundary line lately marked out by order of the mafter general and principal officers of his Majefty’s ordnance, and extending acrofs the land behind Berry Head aforefaid: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of ATicholas Gillardy containing by admeafurement three roods and eight perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land herein-before deferibed ; on the eaft by the faid wafte lands ; on the weft by the faid boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after deferibed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to, and in the occupation of William Browje, containing by admeafurement two

roods

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgxi III. c, j6,

roods and thirty-two porches, or thereabouts; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land la illy above defcribed; on the eaft: by the faid wade lands; on the weft by the faid boundary line ; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to, and in the occupation of the faid Nicholas Gillardy containing by admeafurement two roods and twenty-three perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the faid wade lands; on the weft by the faid boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to Philip Gillard, now in the occupation of James Shears, containing by admeasurement one rood and twenty-nine perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the faid wafte lands; on the weft by the boundary line ; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to Charles Hayne efquire, now in the occupation of Samuel Galley, containing by admeafurement one rood, or thereabouts; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed; on the eaft: by the faid wafte lands; on the weft by the faid boundary line ; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton, now in the occupation of George Browfey containing by admeafurement one rood and eight perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed; on the eaft by the faid wafte lands ; on the weft by the faid boundary line ; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of Richard Creivetty containing by admeafurement one rood and thirty-four perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed; on the eaft: by the faid wafte lands; on the weft by the faid boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the faid Charles Hayne, now in the occupation of John Crewsy containing by admeafurement, one acre two roods and three perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the faid wafte lands; on the weft by the faid boundary line ; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of William Growth containing by admeafurement one acre and nine perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed; on the eaft by the faid wafte lands; on the weft by the faid boundary line ; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton, now in the occupation of Sarah Fofsy containing by admeafurement one acre, one rood and eleven perches, or thereabouts; bognded on the fouth by the piece, of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft: by the faid wafte lands ;

Uu 3	on

 

654 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76. [1794,

on the weft by the faid boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of the faid . William Crowty containing by admeafurement one acre, three roods and thirty-fix perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the faid wafte lands ; on the weft by the faid boundary line; and on the north by the faid piece of land next herein-after defcribed: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the faid Philip Gillard, now in the occupation of John Crews, containing by admeafurement two acres, three roods and eleven perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the faid wafte lands; on the weft by the faid boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to Arm Grant, now in the occupation of the faid John Crewsy containing by admeafurement three acres, two roods and one perch, or thereabouts; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft partly by the faid wafte lands, and partly by the piece of land herein-after defcribed, belonging to the faid Charles Hayne; on the weft by the faid boundaryline; and on the north partly by the piece of land next hereinafter defcribed, and partly by a piece of land herein-after defcribed, belonging to his grace the duke of BoltGn: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of Andrews, containing by admeafurement two roods and feventeen perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the fouth and eaft by the1 piece of land laftly above defcribed; on the weft by the faid boundary line ; and on the north partly by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed, and partly by a piece of land herein-after defcribed, belonging to the faid William Crcivt: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of the faid William Browfe, containing by admeafurement thirty-fix perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed ; on the weft by a piece of land herein-after defcribed, belonging to the faid Ann Grant; and on the north by the faid boundary line: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of the ,faid William Crowty containing by admeafurement two roods and twenty-two perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land hereinbefore defcribed, belonging to the faid	Andrews; on the

eaft by the piece of land herein-before defcribed, belonging to the faid Ann Grant \ on the weft by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; and on the north, partly by the lands next herein-after defcribed, and partly by the lands herein-after mentioned, belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the faid Ann Grant, now in the occupation of the faid John Crewsy containing by admeafurement two roods and five perches, or thereabouts; bounded on tho fouth by the two pieces of land laftly above defcribed 5 on the

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. ?6>

eaft by the faid piece of land herein-after defcribed, belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton; on the weft by the faid boundary line ; and on the north by the piece of land herein-after defcribed, belonging to Elizabeth JVighton: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the faid Charles Hayne, now m the occupation of Francis Crewsy containing by admeafurement two acres and thirty-one perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the eaft by the faid wafte lands; on the fouth by the piece of land firft herein-before defcribed as belonging to the faid Ann Grant; on the weft by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed; and on the north partly by the fea cliff towards Torbay: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton, now in the occupation of ChriJlopher Jordaine, containing by admeafurement one acre, two roods and fifteen perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the fouth partly by the faid piece of land firft herein-before defcribed, belonging to the faid Ann Grant* and partly by the faid piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the faid fea,cliff towards Torbay; on the weft by the lands fecondly above defcribed as belonging to the faid Ann Grant; and on the north partly by the lands next hereia-after defcribed, and partly by lands herein-after mentioned belonging to the faid Charles Hayne: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the faid Elizabeth JVighton, and now in the occupation of the faid Francis Crews, containing by admeafurement one acre, one rood and eleven perches, or thereabouts, bounded on the fouth partly by the faid piece of land fecondly above defcribed as belonging to the faid Ann Grants and partly by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the piece of land hereinafter defcribed belonging to the faid Charles Hayne, and in the occupation of	Carlifle-y	on the weft by the faid boundary

line; and on the north by the piece ofland next herein-after defcribed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the faid Philip Gillard, now in the occupation of the faid John Crews, containing by admeafurement one rood and feventeen perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the faid piece of land herein-after defcribed, belonging to the faid Charles Hayne; on the weft by the faid boundary line ; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the faid Charles Hayne, now in the occupation of the faid John Crews, containing by admeafurement one rood and feventeen perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the. fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the faid other land herein-after defcribed, belonging to the faid Charles Hayne; on the weft by the faid boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the faid Ann Grant, now in the occupation of the faid John Creivs, containing by admeafurement three roods and one perch, or thereabouts j bounded on the fouth by the piece ofland laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft by the piece of land herein-after defcribed, belonging

U u 4	to

/

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii TIL c.j6. [1794.

to William Clarke \ on the weft by the faid boundary line ; and on the north by the faid fen cliff towards Torbay: and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the faid Charles Hayne, now in the occupation of the faid	Carlifle, containing

by admeafurement one acre, one rood and three perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land thirdly hereinbefore defcribed as belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton ; on the eaft by the faid fea cliff towards Torbay; on the weft by three-pieces of land laftly above defcribed, as feverally belonging to the faid Elizabeth Wighion, Philip Gillard, and the faid Charles Hayne; and on the north by the piece of land next herein-after defcribed : and alfo, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and now in the occupation of Willia?n Clarke, containing by admeafurement one acre, one rood and eight perches, or thereabouts ; bounded on the fouth by the piece of land laftly above defcribed ; on the eaft and north by the faid fea cliff towards Tor-bay ; and on the weft by the faid piece of land laftly above defcribed as belonging to the faid Ann Grant: and alfo, all thofe the faid wafte lands forming The Berry /AWaforefaid, and ground in front down to the bottom of the ravine, including the propofed works there, and containing by admeafurement one hundred acres, or thereabouts : and alfo, all thofe other wafte lands fituate on Furzdon and Fijhcorhbe Point, containing by admeafurement five acres, or thereabouts; all which faid wafte lands on The Berry Head, and on Furzdon and Fijhcombe Point aforefaid, be-Song to and are part and parcel of the manor of Brixham, in the faid county of Devon ; fhall be, (that is to fay), fo much of fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifes, herein-before defcribed, as are fituate, lying, and being, in the county of Kent, and the fame are hereby vefted in the right honourable Henry Addington, fir Edward Knatchbidl baronet, and Filmer Honeytvood efquire, their heirs and aftigns, and fo much of fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifes, herein-before defcribed, as are fituate, lying, and being, in the county of Devon, in the right honourable Plenry Addington, John Rolle efquire, and John Pol-lexfen Bajlard efquire, their heirs and aftigns, in truft neverthelefs for fuch person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, eccle-fiaftical or civil, as at or immediately before the time of making this a61 are or were the feveral and refpedlive owners thereof, according to their feveral eftates and interefts in poffefiion, rever-fion, remainder, or otherwife, until fuch eftates and interefts fhall be refpedfively adjudged and determined, or pofteffion thereof taken by the principal officers of his Majefty’s ordnance or engineers, or other officers a&ing under their authority, for his Majefty’s ufe, (which they are hereby impowered to do, whenever it fhall be found neceftary for his Majefty’s fervice, and until the purchafe monies for the fame, together with intereft from the time of fuch pofteffion being taken, after the rate of five pounds per centum for one year, for the fum that fhall be agreed upon or aftefted as the true value thereof, fhall be paid.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That fuch compenfation and

fatisfa&ion

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76.	657

fatisfadlion as fhall be agreed upon, or (hall be found by the ver- Compenfation di£t of a jury, fhall bo made out of the next aids to be granted ir\ parliament, for and in refpeft of the lands, tenements, and here- made out Qf ditaments, hereby veiled, or fuch of them as fhall be taken pof- the next par* feffion of by the principal officers of his Majefty’s ordnance or liamentary engineers, or other officers acfting under their authority for his Majefty’s ufe, to all and every perforv and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, ecclefiaflical and civil.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, His Majefty for the better appertaining the feveral owners and proprietors the faicl lands, tenements, and hereditaments, veiled by, and to ^o^Sermine be purchafed in purfuance of, this aft, and the refpeftive titles claims te pre-and claims of fuch owners and proprietors thereto, it fhall and mifes, Stc, may be lawful to and for his Majefty, by one or more commiffion or commiffions, by letters patent, under the great feal of Great Britain, to authorife and appoint any number of persons to be commiffioners, to hear and determine all titles and claims that fhall or may be made to the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or to any part or parcel thereof; which commiffioners fo to be appointed, or any five or more of them, fhall and may, and they are hereby authorifed and required, in a fummary manner, by and upon the teflimony of witnefies upon oath, which oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to ad-minifler, or upon the infpeftion and examination of deeds, writings, and records, or (if requefled by the parties interelfed) by the inquefl of twelve good and lawful men, to be impannelled and fworn in manner herein-after mentioned and direfted, or by all or any of the faid ways, or otherwife according to their dif-cretioo, to enquire into,, and to proceed, aft upon, and determine all and all manner of rights, ellates and interefts, and all controverfies, debates, and queftions, which fhall happen or arile between any person or persons whomfoever, or any other matter or thing relating to any of the premifes, or any part thereof, and fliall have power to fend for any person or persons and oblige them to produce their deeds or writings upon oath, relating to any of the fame premifes ; and alfo fliall and may, by agreement with the refpeftive person or persons that fhall be determined to be the owners and proprietors of the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, vePced by and to be purchafed in purfuance of this aft, or by the faid inqueft of the faid twelve good and lawful men to be impannelled and fworn, enquire, proceed, aft, and determine, touching and concerning the true and real value of the faid premifes, or any part or parcel thereof ; and the faid Their judg* commiffioners fo to be appointed, or any five or more of them, ments and de-are hereby required to caufe all their judgments and decrees to be extern?in^ entered fairly in books, which judgments and decrees fhall ex- books, See. prefsly mention and fpecify the refpeftive houfe or houfes, or other meffuages or tenements, number of acres, or parcels of land, with their feveral abuttals and boundaries, together with the name or names of all and every person or persons interefted jrefpeftively in the fame, and the refpeftive fum or films that fliall

be

 

6$ 8

and ccrpieslaid bd'ore parliament*

Commiffion-crs to ifiue ■warrants to fheriffs to fiirdmon juries, to afeer-taia the value ef premiles, 4c,

Penalty on fheriffs making default;

and onjurors

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76. [1794.

be fo agreed for or aflefled by the fold jury to be paid for the fame refpedlively, which judgments an-d decrees fhall be fairly ingroffed on parchment, and certified to,the clerk of the crown in chancery, and to the King’s remembrancer in his Majeftyrs court of exchequer; and fuch judgments and decrees made as aforefaid fhall be final, and fhall conclude all and every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate* ecclefiaftical and civil, their heirs* fucceffors, executors, adminiffrators, and affigns, refpedively, notwith(landing any disability or incapacity whatfoever ; any law* ffatute, or other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary net-withffanding; copies of which laid judgments and decrees final! be laid forthwith before both houfes of parliament, that full com-penfation and^fatisfa&icn maybe made to the feverai owners and proprietors of the Said lands, tenements, and hereditaments.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That, for the better carrying into execution the (aid commifiion or commiffions by virtue of this prefent act to be ili'ued, the Said commilfioners fo to be appointed, or any five cr more of them, fhall, and lawfully may, and they are hereby authoriled and required, to iffue forth their warrant or warrants under their hands and Teals, to be directed to the fheriffs of the counties of Kent and Devon refpedTivelv, thereby commanding them to impannel, fummon, and’ return, before the faid commiffioners, at fuch time and place, or' times and places, as (hall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants, twenty-four good and lawful men, fubftantial gentlemen and freeholders, of the faid counties of Kent and Devon refpedively, qualified to lerve upon juries at the affixes, who, upon their oaths, (which oaths the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to adminifter), fhall inquire into, and by their verdict afeertain and afl’efs the true and real value of fuch meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of the re-fpedtive eftates and interefts therein ; and the faid lherifFs refpec-tively are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return, fuch jury as aforefaid, and at the return of fuch warrant or warrants, to attend the faid commiffioners, with his or their bailiffs or officers, to prove, if neceflary, upon oath (which oath the faid com-miffioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to adminilter) the fummoning of the jurors fo to be impannelled and returned refpedtively; and in cafe the faid fheriffs, or either of them, or his or their bailiffs or officers, fhall negledl or refufe, being duly ferved with fuch warrant or warrants fourteen days or more before the return thereof, to impannel, fummon, and return, fuch jury, or fhall not attend the faid commiffioners, with his or their bailiffs or officers, at the return of fuch warrant or warrants as aforefaid, then, and in either of the faid cafes, the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, fhall and may, and they are hereby authorifed and required, to impofe a fine upon fuch fheriffs, bailiffs, and officers, or any of them, fo making default, not exceeding twenty pounds nor lefs than ten pounds * for any one offence; and if any person fo to be impannelled, fum-moned, and returned, fhall not appear at the return of fuch warrant

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76.	659

rant-or warrants, or appearing {ball refufe to be fworn for the purpofes aforefaid, or being fworn fhall depart without the licence of the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, before the verdift is given, or fhall not give his verdicft, or in any other manner negledt his duty in the premifes, in every fuch cafe the faid commiffioners then affembled or met, or any five or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered to fet a fine upon fuch person fo offending, and not having lawful excufe to be allowed by the faid commiffioners then fitting, or the major part of them, not exceeding the fum-of ten pounds, upon any one person for any offence, all which fines the faid com mi (Tioners are hereby authorifed and required to eftreat into his Majefty’s court of exchequer, to be levied to the ufe of his Majeffy.

V.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe a fufficient jury If a fufficient fhall not appear, upon the return of the faid warrant or warrants number of to take the inqueft, it fhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners by virtue of this ad to be appointed, or any five or more of inqueft may them, from time to time, to adjourn the inqueft to any future be adjourned, day, not exceeding fourteen days nor lefs than four days from the adjournment thereof, and to ifiue out their warrant or warrants for impannelling, fummoning, and returning, an equal number of jurors to thofe fo making default, who, together with the jurors before returned by the faid fherifts refpedively, upon fuch lecond warrant or warrants, or upon any future warrant or warrants, adjournment or adjournments, (which the faid commiffioners by virtue of this ad to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorifed to make from time to time, until a fufficient jury can be had), fhall enquire as aforefaid.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That twelve CommifliorN

good and lawful men (hall be fufficient to take the inqueft afore- ers, after faid, and that in cafe twelve or more fhall appear upon the re-	JP*?

turn of the faid warrant or warrants, then, and in fuch cafe, the making judg-faid commiffioners by virtue of this ad to be appointed, fhall meats, proceed to take the faid inqueft, and after the inqueft fhall be

taken, may adjourn to fome future day for making their judgments and decrees thereon.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid commiffioners

by virtue of this ad to be appointed, or any five or more of notice oY6 them, fhall caufe notice to be given in writing of the days ap- their meet-pointed for the making of fuch jurors as aforefaid fourteen days ings„> and if at lead before any fuch meeting, which notices fhall be affixed on the doors of the refpedive parifh churches of Hythe, Wool- 3^. wich, and Brixbam, and on the gates of his Majefty’s laid warren proceed, at Woolwich, and fhall likewife caufe the fame to be publifhed in The London Gazette, and if any person or persons fhall not appear purfuant to fuch notice, or fhall refufe to fhew his or their deeds or writings relating to the premifes, that then the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, and alfo the faid jury fhall proceed and determine, upon the beft information they can then procure or obtain, to make fuch inquefts, judgments, and decrees, as herein-before directed ; and all fuch judgments and decrees.

 

On-payment of fums agreed for or afil-fied, iruftees to be deemed ieifed cff the pre-suifes*

erees, being entered and certified as aforefaid, {hall be final and eoncFufiver

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That immediately from and after the time that payment {hall be made of the fum and firms of money fb.to be agreed for or afiefled by the fard jury, and decreed and adjudged by the fa id commit-fioners to be by virtue of this prefent a6l appointed, or any five or more of them, to the owners and proprietors of the faid lands* tenements, and hereditaments, veiled by and to be purchafed in purfuance of this acl, or to any or either of them, the truftees herein lafl before mentioned, and their heirs, {hall be deemed and adjudged to {land feiied of fuch part and parcel of the faid premifes as fhall be fo paid for, to and for the ufe of .his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, for ever, freed and difcharged of and from all and all manner of right, title, claim, and demand, whatsoever, that can or may be had, made, or fet up, by any person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, ecclefiaftical or civil.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, veiled by and to be purchafed in purfuance of this acl, which were before the palling of this a£t liable to and charged with tithes, land tax, poor, and other rates, in the refpe clive pari flies, where fuch lands refpeclively lie, fhall, from the time the fame were or fhall be taken pofleflion of as aforefaid* {land and be fubjedl and liable to and chargeable with the payment of tithes, land tax, and all other parifti taxes and rates, in proportion with other lands and premifes in fuch refpedlive pariflies charged and chargeable therewith ; and that the faid lands and premifes fo to be charged and chargeable with fuch tithes, taxes, and rates, fhall, as to fo much thereof as {hall not be otherwife demifed or occupied by any particular person or perfons, {land and be charged to and in the name of and paid by the refpedlive florekeepers of his Majefiy’s ordnance for the time being, at Dover, Woolwich Warren, and Plymouth Dock, and that fuch florekeepers-refpeclively paying the fame fhall be repaid and allowed fuch fum and fums of money as they fhall fo pay by the treafurer or paymafler of his Majcfty^s ordnance for the time being, on demand thereof, who fhall be allowed the fame in his accounts; and that in cafe fuch floret keepers fo charged and chargeable therewith, or either of them, fhall negledl or refufe to pay any fuch tithes, taxes, or rates, fo to be charged on them or him as aforefaid, when demanded, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the fum or fums fo due and claimed for fuch tithes, taxes, or rates, and charged on fuch florekeepers as aforefaid, (hall or may be levied on fuch ftorekeeper or {lore-keepers, fo negledting or refilling to pay the fame, by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner as upon any other occupier of lands liable to the payment of any fuch tithes, taxes, or rates • any law, flatute, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in anywife not-withftanding.

CommllTion- x. And be it further enacled, That no commiffioner, who {hall be fo employed in the execution of this adl, {hall be liable for or

by

Premifes veft-€-.1 to- Hand charged for tithes and taxes as ethers, and to he paid by the lx ore-keepers of the ordnance*

 

by reafon of fuch execution, to any of the penalties mentioned in 25 Car. the aft of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the ^

Second, chapter the fecond, nor the fir ft of JVilliam and Mary, ^ -nd u' ^ chapter the eighth, nor the thirteenth the Third, chapter the fixth, nor the chapter the thirteenth.

XL Provided always, and be it enafted, That fuch commif- Comraifiion-fioners as his Majefty fhall nominate for the purpofes in this aft crs uot dit-mentioned, or any of them, fhall not by reafon thereof in any fort,	^rora

be difabled or difqualified from fitting in the houfe of commons, nor their eleftion thereby become void j any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXVIL

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly From Bury Bridge, in the parifh of Bury, by Haflingden, to or nearly to Church Kirk, all in the county palatine of Lancafter.—[April 4, 1794.]

•Proprietors incorporated by the name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Haflingden Canal.’* Canal to be made from Bury Bridge, in the parifh of Bury, through the townfhips of Elton, Lower Tottington, and Higher Tottington, in the fame parifh, by Haflingden, through the townfhips of Accrington and Haflingden, both in the parifh of Whalley, all in the county of Lancafter. The company not to make any locks on the , canal. Racks, inclined planes, Sec. to be ufed in ft e ad of locks. Company-may make locks, if neccflary, with content of the owners of three fourths of certain mills. For preferving the waters of mills on certain brooks or ftreams. For ascertaining the gauge of the waters upon the faid brooks.

The owners of mills to appoint an agent to examine the gauges fix days in a year at the company's expence. Houles, gardens, Sec. not to be injured. Two plans, and books of reference, and not to deviate -therefrom without content. Land owners omitted in the book or reference not to obftrubt making the canal. Breadth of canal and towing paths twenty-fix yards.' No buildings to be eredlcd on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politick, Ac. to fell and convey lands. Lands fe-parated into fmall parcels may be exchanged or fold. Contracts and Tales to be made at the expence of the company, and inrolled with the clerk of the peace for the county of Lancafter. Copyhold lands to be furrendcred in the cuftomary manner. Satisfaction to be made for the value of lands*

See. If parties cannot agree, prices to be fettled by eommifiioners, or a jury. Yearly rents to be charged on the rates. Commifiioners appointed, and at their firft meeting to choofe a clerk. Proceedings of commifiioners to be entered in a book. On application of the proprietors or land owners eommifiioners to meet. Commifiioners to hold their meetings within ten miles of the canal. Commifiioners to examine witnefies on oath, and fettle any matters in difpute. If parties are difiatisfied with the determination of commifiioners, value to be afeertained by a jury. Twenty-pounds penalty upon fheriffs, and five pounds upon jurymen and witnefies making default. Expences of commifiioners, witnefies, and jury to be paid.- Perfons requefting juries to enter into bonds to profecute. Notice of injury to be given to the company before complaint to the commif-lioners. Verdi# of value of lands and damages to be afeertained fepa-rately. Power to enter and take pofieffion of lands, See. on payment or tender of purchafe money. Verdi bis to be recorded. Pnrchafe money be-* longing to corporations, Sec. to be laid out to the fame ufes. Commifi-fioners to fettle the proportion of the money to be paid to the leveral persons interefted. Compenfaticn to be made for tithes. The company may raife forty leven thouiand fix hundred pounds, to be divided into four hundred and feventy-fix fhares, at one hundred pounds each, oubferibers to receive five pounds per cent, per annum, until the canal is fmifhed. 3ub-icribers to have a vote for each ihare. by themfelvcs or proxies. A further

fuiu

 

ad fourteenth or iviUiam Gul. 3. c. 6.; firft of George the Firft, or 1 Geo.

C6z

Anno regm trlcefimb quarto Georgii III. c. 77. [1794.

fum of forty thoufand pounds may be raifed by mortgage if neceffary. Intereft of mortgages to be paid in preference to dividends. , Mortgagees not to have votes. The firft general affembly of proprietors to be on July 9, 1794, and to meet yearly every fecond Wednesday in July, and a committee to be appointed. Special general affemblies may be held. Committee to be fubjetft to the controul of general affemblies. Books of account and proceedings to be kept under the directions of the committee. No choice of a committee to be made, unlefs a majority of the proprietors prefent. Powers of general affemblies. Calls for money to be made by general affemblies or committees. Powers of committee. If persons do not pay money cn calls, their fhares to be forfeited. Shares not to be forfeited until notice given to owners, and the forfeiture declared at a general affembly. General affemblies may remove committee men or officers. Bye laws may be made. On the death of fubfcribers before fhares are completed, executors may do it. Shares may be difpofed of. Officers to be appointed. Rates of tonnage. For every ton of lime or lime ftone, clay, bricks, ftones, coal or other minerals, ad. per mile. For every ton of timber, goods, merchandize, &c. 3d. per mile. Rates may be altered. For every ton of coal, clay, brick, ftone, or any goods, &e. not paffing through any lock, t>r from one level to another, id. aq. per mile. Exemption from rates. Goods, &c. remaining above three weeks upon any of the wharfs to pay wharfage. Company may leafe the rates. Matters of boats to give an account of their lading. Forty cubick feet of oak, affi, elm, or beech timber, or fifty feet of fir or deal, balk, poplar, or other wood to be deemed a ton weight, and one hundred and twenty pounds avoirdupois to be deemed a hundred weight. Collectors of rates may gauge or weigh boats or goods. General affemblies with confent of commiffioners may fix the price of parcels under 500I. weight. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Paffage boats not to be navigated on the canal without confent of the company. Mafters 10 put their names on the outfide of boats, and alfo indexes to denote the weight of lading. Mafters and owners of boats anfwerable for damages. Towing paths to be fenced from adjoining lands, and bridges, &c. made. Company liable to be indiCted for not making ftone or brick bridges on all highways acrofs the canal, and keeping them in repair. If the company do not fence off and repair towing paths, make bridges, See. land owners may at the expence of the company. If bridges, &c. made by the company are infufficient land owners may make others. Company to make drains from the land adjoining the canal. Works damaged by floods to be repaired immediately at the expence of the company. Enabling the company to cleanfe the adjoining watercourfes at the land owners expence. Rights to mines referved. Mines not to be worked to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents may enter lands or mines to view the works. Power for owners of mines to make railways for conveying coals. See. to the canal. Cuts may be rmide to communicate with the canal with confent of land owners. Lords of manors or landowners may make wharfs, but if not, on twelve months notice the company may build. Rates of tonnage on private wharfs. One penny a ton for the wharfage of coal, lime, ftone, Sec. and 3d. for other goods for fix days, except cod, iron, and lime ftone, which may remain three weeks, and timber, clay, lime, iron ftone, ftone* brick, tile, date, flags, fand, or gravel may remain thirty days. Company or others net to ufe exclufively private wharfs. Company or committee to regulate the navigation. Penalty on persons obftrinfting the navigation not more than 5I. nor ltrfs than 40s. Perfons wilfully deftroy-ing the works to be punifhed for felony. Canal not to be fubjedt to the commiffioners of fewers. Rights of fifhery referved. Land owners may life pleafure boats. Damages not provided for to be fettled bv coinmif* fioners. Compelling fubfcribers to p jy their fubferiptions. Majority of proprietors affembled at a general meeting may make future applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. Recovery, and application of fines and forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in -fiftrt -:	recover	only	the	fperial	damages.	Appeal.	Limitation of actions. C rrerr.':f.	Ire Lie coils,	Publick adt,

CAP.

 

1794'] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Geokgii III. c. 7$. GAP. ’LXXVIIL

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge wharf, in the parilh of Halifax, in the weft riding of the county of York, to join the canal of'his grace the duke of Bridgewater, in the parifh of Manchefter, in the county palatine of Lancafter ; and alfo certain cuts from the faid intended canal.------[April 4, 1794.]

Proprietors names. Incorporated by the name of a The Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale canal.” The duke of Bridgewater may build a lock on the Rochdale canal, and receive the following rates as a cora-penfaiion for his lofs of wharfage. For every ton of coal, timber, and other goods (except flags) navigated from the Rochdale canal into the duke of Bridgewater’s canal, or from the duke’s canal into the Rochdale canal, is. 2d. and for every ton of flags, 2d. Perfons who have paid the above rates not to pay the duke of Bridgewater for wharfage in Manchefter. The faid lock to be the property of the company, but to be kept in repair at the expence of the duke. Locks to be of the fixe of thole on the duke of Bridgewater’s canal. For preventing injury to the mill o wnersoa 4he rivers Irk, Roach, andlrwell. Mill owners on the Irk to appoint an agent to infpedt the works. Engineers to be appointed for fixing gauges. Company to fit up gauges on the feeders of the river Roach, Sec. To prevent injury to mills. See. on the Calder. Directions rdpefting any reiervoirs which may be made. Engineers to afeertain gauges, Sec. For appointing agents to examine and infpedt gauges. Mill holders on the Calder may repair damages at the expence of the company. No water to be taken from Hcbden Brook and Cowden Beck. Breadth of canal and towing path to be 36 yards. Power to make inclined planes, &c. No building to be eredled on the towing paths, except'for the navigation. Bodies politick, Sec. impowered to fell lands, &c. Copyhold rights preferred. Com-miffioners appointed. Commiftioners to meet when required on 14 days notice. Commiftioners to determine what fums the company fhall pay for lands and damages. Jury to be fummoned in certain'cafts Twenty pounds penalty on (hrriffs, and five pounds on jurymen and witnefles making default. Expences of commiftioners and jury by whom to be borne. Perfons requeuing a jury to enter into a bond. Perfons giving falfe evidence may be prefects ted for perjury. Verdi&s to be recorded, and on fatisfadion being made or tendered the lands veiled in the company. Purchafe money paid in trull to be laid out to the Time ufes, Compenfation to be made, for tithes. In default of payment of yearly rents, &c. the tonnage rates to become fecurity. Mines, Sec. referved to lords of manors and others. Coal mines, &c. not to be worked to the , prejudice of the navigation. Company’s agents to be at liberty toenterjiands or mines to view the works. Company may make drams, Sec. For fencing off towing paths, and making watering places for cattle. In cafe company do not fence off towing paths, and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company’s expence, if bridges, Ac. made by ..the company are infufficient, land owners may make others. Company liable to be indidfed for not making and repairing bridges over the canal. Quarter feffions to determine what bridges fhall be made. Swivel and draw bridges to be fhut and fattened, after veffels ill all have palled, on penalty of 5I. •Company may eleanfe the adjoining watercourfes at the land owner's expence. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. Power for owners of mines to make railways for conveying c^als. Sec. to the canal. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal with confent of the land owners. Power to make a communcation between the Man- ' chefter and Aftiton, Oldham and Rochdale canals, and the wafte water of both canals to be conveyed into the tunnel of the duke of Bridge-water at Manchefter, at the expence of the Rochdale company. The proprietors of the Manchefter, Aftiton, and Oldham canal, ihall build and keep in repair a carriage bridge acrofs the communication with the Rochdale cmal. For building a bridge in lord Ducie’x land at Man-

cbtrfter.

 

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78. [1794.

chelter, Not to take any ground purchafed for the ufe of the Manchefter* Afhton, and Oldham canal. Defending the junction with the Calder navigation. The company of proprietors of the Calder and Iiebble na-‘ vigation to build warehoufes, &c. for the ufe of the Rochdale company, atid receive one halfpenny per ton a day for wharfage. In cafe of negleCt of the Calder and Hebble navigation, after eighteen months notice, the Rochdale company may build. Rochdale company not to biiild wharfs within 500 yards of Sowerby Bridge wharf. Not to afleCt the Calder navigation aft. Lords of minors and land owners may build warehoufes, See. but if not done, after twelve months notice, the company may build. Company not to ufe private wharfs. Company not to deviate from the line of the canal more than fifty yards without the confent of land owners, &rc. Reftri&ion refpe&ing refervoirs. Reftri6tion refpe&ing making canal or works on certain lands. Company to build a bridge acrofs the canal in Oxford flxeet, Manchefter. Rights of filhery faved. Land owners may ufe pleafure boats. Company of proprietors may raife two hundred and ninety-one thoufand nine hundred pounds, to be divided into two thou-fand nine hundred and nineteen (hares, at one hundred pounds each. Proprietors to receive five pounds per cent, per annum, until the canal is finifhed. Subfcribers to have a vote for every fhare. Proprietors may raife the further fum of one hundred thoufand pounds by mortgage if ne-ceflary. Intereft of money borrowed to be paid in preference to dividends. Mortagees not to vote' on account of having lent money. General aflemblies to be held the firft Thurfday in May yearly, and committees appointed. . Power to hold fpecial alfemblies. Each member of the committee to have one vote, and the chairman a calling vote. Committee to be under the controul of general afiemblies. Books of accounts to be kept. General and fpecial afiemblies to confift of three hundred fhares. Powers of general afiemblies and committees. Expences of committee meetings 5s. per day each perfon. To compel payment of fubferiptions. General alfemblies may remove members of the committee, Sec. and make bye laws. Subfcribers dying before their fhares completed, executors may complete them. Shares may be difpofed of. - Officers to be appointed. Proceedings of the commimoners to be entered in a book. Rates of tonnage. For every ton of lime, lime Hone, dung, manure, clay, fand, and gravel, not palling through any lock, one halfpenny per mile. For every ton of coal, cannel, (lone (except lime (lone), and other minerals not palling- through any lock, id. per mile. For every ton of timber, goods, and merchandize not palling through any lock, id. aq. per mile. For every ton of lime, Sec. palling through a lock, id. per mile. For every ton of coal, &c. palling through a lock, id. aq. per mile. For every ton of timber, goods, Sec. palling through a lock, ad. per mile. Exemption from rates. Rates of wharfage. For the wharfage of cod, lime, lime (tone, clay, iron, iron fione, timber, Hone, brick, tile, Hate, and gravel, id. per ton, and for other goods, 3d. per ton for fix days, except coal, iron, and lime Hone, which may remain fix weeks 3 and timber, clay, lime, iron Hone, brick, tile, (lone, date, or gravel, may remain fix weeks. Recovery of rates. Rates may be altered. Mailers of boats to give an account in writing of particulars of lading. Fifty cubiek feet of round, or forty cubick feet of fquare oak, afli, elm, or beech timber, and fifty feet of fir or deal, balk, poplar, or other timber, and fixty feet of light goods, to be deemed one ton weight, and fix fcore pounds weight avoirdu-poife to be deemed one hundred weight. Collectors may weigh veflels. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Company’s land to be taxed as other lands near thereto. To prevent lock keepers. Sec. giving any preference. Veflels of left burthen than twenty tons not to pals through locks without confent of the company, or p aying for that tonnage. Maf-ters to put their names on the outiide of their boats. Weight of the lading of veflels to be marked, and veflels to be gauged. Mailers or owners of boats anfwerable for damages. Regulation for veflels palling locks. Committee to regulate the navigation. Canal not to be fubjedt to the commiflioners of fewers. Steam engines may be fupplied with "Water from the canal. To compel payment of fubferiptions. Majority of proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to

open

 

665

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGII III. c. 79.

open other communications with the canal. Company to take a leafe of The Schools Mills, in Manchefter, if required. Accounts of the company refpe&ing the mills to be produced to the feoffees at the end of the term leafed. Rent of the mills to have a preference in payment. Recovery of penalties. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General iflue. Publick a<ft.

c A P. LXXIX.

An aft for more effectually preferving money or effeftsy in the hands of his Majefty s Jubjefts, belonging to, or difpofeable by, persons resident in France, for the benefit of the individual owners thereof,

—CJu,y 7^ I794-J

WHEREAS by an aft, faffed in the prefent fejjion of parlia- Preamble.

ment, intituled, An a£t for preventing money or effedis in QCOt the hands of his Majefty’s fubjedls, belonging to, or difpofeable c. 9, recited, by, persons refident in France, being applied to the ufe of the persons exercifirig the powers of government in France, and for preferving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof, divers provifions have been made refpefting money and effects in the hands of his Majeftys fubjefts, belonging loy or difpofeable byy persons ref dent zvithin the dominions 0/France, and the territories and places under the government of the persons eXer-cifmg the powers of government in F ranee: and whereas it is expedient that more effectual provifions fhould be made for the prefervation of fuch money and effects, than fuch as are contained in the faid aft: may it pleale your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it en-adted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, from His Majefty time to time, by letters patent under the great feal of Great may appoint Britain, to nominate, authorife, and appoint, five able, fufficient,	“

and difereet perfons, natives of and refident within Great Britain, to be commiffioners for the purpofes herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the faid Commiffion-commiffioners named in fuch letters patent, before he fhall enter	^

upon the execution of the faid office, fhall take an oath, (or, being	0

one of the people called fiuakcrs, a foienm affirmation), the tenor whereof fhall be as follows ; (that is to fay),

J A. B. do fiuear [or affirm], That I will execute the feveral Oath.

^ powers and trufls vefied in me in purfuance of an aft, intituled\

[here let forth the title of the adl], with fidelity and fecrecy, according to the tenor and purport of the faid aft.

So help me GOD.

Which oath or affirmation (hall and may be adminiftered by any one of the faid commiffioners to any other or others of them.

III.	And be it further enabled, That the faid commiffioners fo Com million -to be appointed fhall have power to meet and (it from time to ersmay meet time, in fuch place or places as they fhall find moft convenient,	1

with or without adjournment and fhall and may appoint and *	*

employ a fecretary, and fo many officers as they fhall think meet,

Vol. XXXIX.	X	x	and

66 6

Anno, regni tricesimo quarto Georgn III. c. 79. [1794.

and allow to fuch fecretary and officers, with the confent and approbation of the lords commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, in writing under their hands, fuch reafonable falaries as the faid commiffioners fo to be appointed fhall think meet ; and (hall and may give and adminifter to fuch fecretary and officers refpeftively an oath for their faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of the trufts repofed in them by the faid commiffioners, and in all other things touching the premifes, and for their keeping fecret all matters with which they fhall be entrufted by the faid commiffioners ; and it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners from time to time at their dif-cretion, to difmifs and difcharge fuch fecretary and other officers, and appoint others in their place *, and the faid fecretary and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the faid trufts in them feverally and refpeftively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch fervice, other than fuch falaries and rewards as the faid commiffioners (hall direft and appoint in manner aforefaid.

No fee to be taken by officers.

Refidents in Great Britain, on Jan. i,

2794,01' lince, who have money, notes, or any effects of persons re-iiding on that day, or fmce, within the limits of the government of France, or who fhall be indebted to fuch perfons, to deliver to the commiffioners an account, &c. containing certain particulars.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity, fhall be demanded or taken by any publick officer or officers, for any thing done in execution of this prefent aft, or of the faid recited aft.

V,	And be it further enafted. That all and every person and persons refiding or being in Great Britain, who on the firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four was or were, or at any time ffibfequent thereto, during the prcfent war, has or have been, or fhall be knowingly poffeffed of or entitled to, or had or have, or (hall have, in his, her, or their cuftody or power, any money, deeds, bonds, bills, notes, flocks, funds, or other fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandizes, property, or effefts, of what nature or kind foever, belonging to or at the difpofal of, or in truft for, any person or persons who on the faid firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, was or were, or at any time ffibfequent thereto, during the pre-fent war, has or have been, or {hall be reddent within any of the dominions of France, or within any territory or place which on the faid fir ft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four was, or which, during the faid war, {hall be under the government of the persons exercifing, or who {hall hereafter exer-cife, the powers of government in France; and alfo all and every person and persons refiding or being in Great Britain, who on the faid firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, was or were, or at any time ffibfequent thereto, during the faid war, has or have been, or {hall be, in any manner whatsoever, indebted to any fuch person or persons fo refident within any of the dominions of France, or within any fuch territory or place as aforefaid, fhall deliver, and he, {he, and they refpeftively, is and are hereby required to deliver to the commiffioners to be named in fuch letters patent as aforefaid, at fuch place or places, and within fuch time or times, as fhall be appointed for that purpofe by the commiffioners, a full and true account, in writing, figned

by

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79.	667

by the person or persons delivering the fame, of all fuch money,' fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, debts, and effects as aforefaid, and (hall in fuch account, either diredtly, or by reference to a feparate paper, alfo to be delivered therewith as herein-after mentioned, and figned by the person or persons delivering the fame, declare the name or names, and the place and places of abode, within the dominions of France, or within fuch territory or place as aforefaid, of the person and persons re-fpedtively to whom fuch money, fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, debts, and effects, did or do belong, or were or are owing, or at whofe difpofal, or in truft for whom, the lame were or are, according to the belt of the knowledge, information, and belief, of the person and persons delivering fuch accounts refpeftively, and alfo whether any and what application has been made to fuch person or persons touching the difpofal thereof; and fo from time to time ihall deliver like accounts and declarations refpelively, within three calendar months after any fuch person or persons (hall have become poffeffed of, or entitled to, or. have in his, her, or their cuftody or power, any fuch money, fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, and effedfs refpedliveJy, or fhall have become fo indebted as aforefaid, or fhall have received any application touching the difpofal of any fuch money, fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, debts, or effedts refpedfively; and if any person Penalty for or persons redding or being in Great Britain as aforefaid, who is ne^e<^* or are or Ihall be knowingly poffeffed of or entitled to, or has or have or fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody or power, any fuch money, fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, or effedfs, or indebted as aforefaid, Ihall wilfully negledt or refufe to deliver, in writing, an account or particular of fuch articles, and to make fuch declaration as aforefaid, at the place or places to be appointed as aforefaid, and within the time or times within which the fame ought to be delivered in purfuance of this adt, or fhall be guilty of any wilful concealment or omif-bon, or untrue fpecification of any of the matters hereby required to be declared as aforefaid, every fuch perfon, being duly con-vidted thereof, Ihall forfeit double the value of all fuch money, fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, debts, or effedts, touching which any fuch concealment, omiflion, or untrue fpecification, (hall be made.

VI,	And be it further enabled, That every fuch account fo Accounts to hereby required to be delivered as aforefaid (hall be inclofed in a be inclofed in jfealed cover or fealed covers, which (hall be refpedlively figned anywhereFS> on the outfide thereof by the person or persons delivering the fame matters are refpeclively, and fhall alfo be refpedlively marked on the outfide referred to fe-thereof with fome letters and figures, fo as by means thereof the parate^papers, fame may be refpectively clearly diftinguifhed; and in cafe the toVe^adcTs name or names, and defeription or descriptions, and other mat- herein fpeci-ters hereby required to be declared in fuch account, either di- fled, &c. redlly or by reference to a feparate paper, fhall be expreded in fuch account by reference to a feparate paper, fuch reference (hall

X x 2	be

 

opened by certain per-fons, and on certain occa-fions, &c.

668 Anno regni tricesimo quarto GRorgii III. c. 79. [1794*

be made by letters and figures clearly correfpotiding with fimilar letters and figures contained in fuch feparate paper, and the fe-veral articles contained in fuch account (hall be placed therein to the credit of the fame letters and figures refpectively; and fuch feparate paper fhall contain fuch name or names, and defcription or defcriptions, and other matters not fpecified in fuch account, as are hereby required to be declared as aforefaid, lo that by companion of the contents of fuch feparate paper with fuch account, all the matters required by this a£f to be declared as aforefaid may clearly and diftindlly appear; and fuch feparate paper fhall be alfo inclofed in a diilindl fealed cover, which fhall alfo be figned on the outfideby the person or persons delivering the fame, and fhall be marked on the outfide with letters and figures eor-refponding with the letters and figures marked on the outfide of the cover in which fuch account fhall be inclofed.

Commiflion* VII. And be it further enabled. That as foon after the faid Cerfons^to°int comm'^lon fhah have palled the great feal of Great Britain as receive ac- fhall be convenient, the commiflioners therein named, or fuch of counts, which them as fhall have taken the faid oath as aforefaid, (hall meet and fhall only be appoint a proper person or proper persons for receiving, at fuch place or places as fuch commiflioners fhall name, and within fuch time or times as fuch commiflioners fhall appoint, all fuch accounts or particulars in writing as are hereby required to be delivered as aforefaid, inclofed in fealed covers, which fealed covers fhall be opened only by the faid commiflioners, or fome or one of them, or in the prefence of fome or one of the faid commiflioners, by fome or one of their officers fworn to fecrecy ; and no fuch cover fhall be opened, unlefs on the application of feme person or persons who fhall appear to the faid commiflioners to be intereiled in the account and declaration therein contained, except in cafe of necefllty, and in order to execute fome provifion of this a£1, or by virtue of a (pedal warrant from his Majefty under his fign manual, or by fome person or persons authorifed by his Majefly to give fpecial warrant for that purpofe; and the faid commif-fioners fhall, to the utmoft of their power, take care to conceal the name and names of all and every person and persons who fhall be mentioned in fuch accounts and declarations, whofe name or names it fhall appear to the faid commiflioners neceflary or proper to conceal.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacled, That the fignature partner in a houfe of trade, on behalf of himfelf or herfelf,

and his or her partners in trade in the firm of fuch houfe, to any fuch account and declaration and feparate paper refpeclively, and on the outfide of any fuch fealed cover as are hereby refpedtively required to be delivered and figned as aforefaid, fhall be deemed the fignature of all fuch partners refpedively, and a fuflicient fignature within the intent and meaning of this a£u

IX.	And he it further enabled, That if the holder or holders of any bill of exchange, draft or order for money, prohibited to be paid by the faid a cl pafled in the prefent feflion of parliament, fhall figr.ify to the faid commiflioners a defire that the money for

which

Signature of one partner to cc n be fufficient.

Commiflion-ers may, on application, order morey for bills of

Hosted by



1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79.	66g

which fuch bill, draft, or order, (hall have been made, fhould be exchange pro-'

paid into the bank of England, it fhall be lawful for the faid Com-	C

miffioners, if in their discretion they fhall think fit, to fummon p^’into the

the person or persons on whom fuch bill, draft, or order, fhall bank, &c.

have been drawn or made, to fhew caufe why the fame fhould

not be fo paid; and if fuch persons or person fhall refufe or negledl

to attend when duly fummoned, or fhall not fhew fufficient caufe

why fuch bill, draft, or order, fhould not be fo paid, it fhall be

lawful for the faid commiffioners, upon delivery to them of fuch

bill, draft, or order, properly indorfed, to direct the money due

thereon to be paid into the bank of England; and likewife, at the

requeff of the holder or holders of fuch bill, draft, or order, or of

the person paying the fame, to diredl fuch money, when paid into

the bank, to be applied in the purchafe of any flocks or funds, as

to the faid commiffioners fhall feem meet, which flocks or funds

the faid commiffioners are hereby required to purchafe accord-

ins]y*

X.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That nothing herein but not to ex-contained fhall enable the faid commiffioners to order payment j^^awn ori of any bill, draft, or order, which fhall not appear to the fatisfac- or before tion of the faid commiffioners to have been drawn on or before the Jan. 1, 1794, firfl day of "January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, unlefs accept-unlefs the fame fhall appear to the fatisfaction of the faid com- p^1^01 tD miffioners to have been accepted on or before the firfl day of

February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four : provided alfo, That it fhall be wholly difcretionary in the faid commiffioners to forbear ordering payment of any bill, draft, or order, in all cafes in which they fhall fee fit to forbear making fuch order.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That if any person or persons On requeft

who fhall be entitled to any money, deeds, bonds, bills, notes, bqcd^hereto"

ftocks, funds, or other fecurities for money, goods, wares, mer- the COmmif- *

chandize, property, debts, or effedls, as aforefaid, fhall be defirous fioners may

that the fame fhall be difpofed of for his, her, or their benefit, un- order money

der and by virtue of this adl, and fhall fienify the fame in writing ^5 P?*lc*/n~

, r . {	. ~	^	^	r	1	&	to the bank,

to the laid commiffioners, either by themielves, or by any agents aiK[ fecurities

or agent who fhall appear to the faid commiffioners to be duly and effedts ta authorifed, or in cafe it fhall appear, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid be delivered commiffioners, that fuch person or perlbns {hall have otherwife |nt,° th,:e cu*“ fignified fuch defire, it fhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners perfons^&c^ to order all fuch money and debts to be paid into the bank of England, and all fuch fecurities, property, and effedls, to be delivered into the cuflody of fuch commiffioners, or fucii person or persons as fuch commiffioners fhall appoint; and fuch commiffioners, or person or persons appointed by them, fhall accordingly receive the fame into their cuitody, and fhall by certificate acknowledge the receipt of the fame, a copy of which certificate fhall be duly entered in a book or books to be provided and kept by fuch commifiioners, and fuch certificate fhall be given to the person or persons delivering or paying fuch money, debts, fecurities, property, or effects, mentioned in fuch certificate ; and every

X x 3	fuch

6jo Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. [1794.

fuch certificate, and every entry in fuch book or books, (hall re-fpedlively from thenceforth be an acquittance and difcharge for the amount and value exprefled therein to have been received,-as to the person or persons to whom fuch certificate fhall be given, his, her, or their heirs, executors, and adminiftrators refpediively, againft all persons whatever, in like manner as any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, given by the owner or owners of fuch money, debts, fecurities, property, and effedts refpediively, would have been in cafe this adl had not been made.

Commifilon- XII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if any moi^v\o ber Per^on or Per^ons by this enabled to require payment of any paid and ef- fums or fum of money into the bank as aforefaid, or delivery of feds delivered any deeds, bonds, bills, notes, flocks, funds, or other fecurities to bankers of for money, goods, wares, merchandize, or effedls, to the faid cie 1 '	commifiioners,	fhall	be	defirous,	and	fo	fignify	to the faid com-

mifiioners, that fuch money fhould be paid, or fuch articles fhould be delivered to fome banker or other person or perfons, being a Britijh fubjedl or fubjedts refident in Great Britain, and of known credit and refponfibility, inftead of payment or delivery of fuch money or articles into the bank of England, or to the faid commifiioners, it fliall be lawful for the faid commifiioners to order fuch money and articles to be paid and delivered accordingly ; and upon fuch payment and delivery an acknowledgement of the receipt thereof fhall be figned by the person or persons receiving fuch articles refpedtively, and fhall be delivered to the faid commifiioners, and the faid commifiioners fhall caufe the fame to be filed and entered in a book or books to be kept for fuch purpofe, and fhall deliver a certificate thereof to the person or persons paying or delivering fuch articles refpedtively, which certificate, and the entry in fuch book or books, fhall be in like manner as aforefaid a difcharge to fuch person or persons fo paying or delivering fuch articles refpedtively.

XIII, And be it further enadled, That if any person or persons who fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody or power, any money,

Corn million -ers may make like orders on

requeft of deeds, bonds, bills, notes, or other fecurities for money, pro-perfons, hold- perty, or effedts, or fhall owe any debts, with refpedt to which

mg money, &c. as on application of owners.

fuch commifiioners are hereby impowered, upon application on behalf of the owner cr owners thereof, to make fuch order as aforefaid, fliall be defirous of obtaining a like order for the purpofe of relieving themfelves from the cuftody of fuch property or effedls, or to difcharge themfelves from fuch debts, it fhall be lawful for the faid commifiioners to make like orders refpedfing fuch money, fecurities, property, debts, and effedls, at the inftance of the person or persons who (hall hold or owe the fame, as they are hereby impowered to do at the inftance of the owner or owners thereof; which payment and delivery, and the certificate or entry of the faid commifiioners thereupon, fliall operate as a difcharge to the person or persons fo paying or delivering fuch money, fecurities for money, property, debts, and effedls refpec-tively, as againft the person or persons on whole account the

lame

 

1794.3 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79-	671

fame ftiall be fo paid or delivered, or his, her, or their heirs, fuc-cefTors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, but not againfl: any other person or perfons.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if it Commiffion-fhall be made appear to' the fatisfadfion of the faid commifiioners ^ t0 cor]_ that any money, deeds, bonds, bills, notes, docks, funds, fecu- tra&s, &c, rities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, debts, or effedfs, which the faid commiflioners are authorifed by this ad! to order to be paid or delivered as aforefaid, or any parts or part thereof, are or is fubjedi to any contract or agreement, or to any fpecific lien, or other right, title, or intereft, at law or in equity, and that there is therefore, or on any other account, fufficient reafon for forbearing to order payment or delivery of the whole, or of any parts or part thereof, or in any manner to qualify any order which they may think proper to make concerning the fame, it {hall be lawful for the faid commifiioners (if in their difcretion they (hall fee fit) to forbear making any fuch order, or to adapt their order or orders touching fuch articles refpedlively, or touching any parts or part thereof, to the particular circumftances affecting the fame refpedtively, and in all cafes to have regard to all fuch contracts, agreements, rights, titles, and interefis, as fhall be made appear to the fatisfadlion of the faid commiflioners to affedt the feveral articles touching which they are authorifed by this adt to make fuch orders as aforefaid, and to protedt and pre-ferve the fame, as far as the nature of the particular cafes and circumftances will permit.

XV.	And be it further enadted, That if any person or persons Penalty on refiding or being in Great Britain as aforefaid, who fhall be Pertons not knowingly pofiefTed of any fuch money, fecurities, property, or withPordfrs effiedts, or fhall be indebted as aforefaid, fhall neglect or refufe to Gf the corn-pay or deliver all fuch money, fecurities, property, and efiedts, miffioners, or to pay the amount of fuch debts, or any parts or part thereof,

at the times and in the manner which fhall be ordered and appointed by fuch commifiioners in purfuance of any of the provisions of this adt, every fuch person or perfons, being thereof duly convidted, fhall forfeit double the value of all fuch money, fecurities, property, effedts, and debts refpedtively.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That all property confifiing Property deli-

of goods,	wares,	or merchandize,	and all deeds,	bonds,	bills of vered to the

o j	9	7	7	7	corn mi 111 oners

exchange, promiflory notes and other fecurities for money, which may

fhall be delivered to the faid commifiioners under the authority &c.

of this adt, fhall be vefted in the faid commifiioners ; and fuch

goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall and may be fold and dif-

pofed of at the requeft of the person or persons interefied therein,

or his, her, or their agent or agents, or without fuch requeft, if

it fhall appear to the faid commifiioners neceflary or advifeable to

fell and difpofe thereof; and fuch bonds, bills of exchange, pro-

miflory notes, and other fecurities for money, fhall, as loon as

conveniently may be after the fame fhall have become payable,

be converted into money by luch commifiioners, or the monies

due and payable by virtue thereof fhall and may be fued for in

X x 4,	due

672 Anno regm tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. [1794.

due courfe of law, in the name of the fecretary to the faid com-miffioners for the time being, for the ufe of the faid commiffioners ; and all expences attending fuch fales, and the receipt and management of fuch property, fhall be defrayed by the faid commiffioners out of the produce thereof.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That it t^be^paid^	be	lawful for any person or perfons, who before the eighth

money due on day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, had infurances ef- eftefted any infurance in his, her, or their name or names, on any (hip or effedfs belonging to any person or persons refident in on&ips^ef- anY t^e dominions of France, or within any territory or place fefts belong- which on the faid fir'ft day of "January one thoufand feven hundred ing to persons and ninety-four was, or during the faid war fhall be, under the thermitsSovernment °f the perlons exercifing, or who (hall exercife the the govern - powers of government in France, for the benefit of fuch person or mentofFrance persons fo refiding refpedlively, to apply to the faid commiffioners on January i, to diredl the payment of any money due by virtue of fuch infur-1^794, orfince, anC05 jn fucb manner as the faid commiffioners ihall direct, which the faid commiffioners are hereby authorifed to order accordingly; and in cafe of refufal to pay fuch money, it fhall be lawful for the person or persons in whofe name or names any fuch infurance may have been effedfed, with the leave of the (aid commiffioners, to bring any adiion or adfions on any fuch infurance, and to recover any money due thereon, notwithftanding any thing in the faid recited a61 of this prefent feffion of parliament to the contrary ; and that it fhall not be pleaded to any fuch adfion, that the person or persons for whofe benefit any fuch infurance was made, was or were an alien enemy or alien enemies : provided always, That all money which (hall be recovered by means of any fuch adiion ihall in all refpedts be fubject to the provifions contained in the faid recited adt, and in this adl. ffitcTthiembank	XVIII. And be it further enadled, That all money paid to

veiled\n the	commifli°ners under the authority of this adl fhall be from

commiffion- time to time paid into the bank of England, and the fame, and all other money paid into the bank of England in purfuance of this adl, fhall be, for the purpofes of this adl, veiled in the faid commiffioners, by the name of The Commiffioners for the Prefer-vation of Property belonging to Perfons in France, and fhall be from time to time paid into the bank of England as aforefaid, under fuch name, in which name the governor and company of the bank of England fhall, and they are hereby required to open an account in their books with the faid commiffioners, and fhall carry to the credit of fuch account all fuch monies as fhall from time to time be paid to their cafhier or cafhiers in purfuance of this act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to arife

laid out in the from fuch property, effedts, or debts as aforefaid, which ihall be funds in the	.	,	. 1 . 1 r df	’	n	r	.	5	.	,	,	•	,

'*-• received by the laid commiffioners, ihall from time to time belaid

out, by the order of the faid commiffioners, upon the application

of any person or persons interefted therein, his, her, or their

agent or agents, or at the diferetion of the faid commiffioners,

in the purchafe of three pounds per centum confolidated annuities,

or

ers, See.

Money to be

name of the commiffioners, Sec.

Hosted by GoOglC

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georoj i III. c. 79*	673

or in any other of the publick funds transferable at the bank of England, in the name of the faid commiffioners by the name of Floe CojnmiJftoners for the Prefervation of Property belonging to Per-fons in France, in which name the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorifed and required to permit transfers to be made of the faid annuities or flock fo purchafed, and fuch transfers to be accepted by the fecretary of the faid commiffioners, to the ufe of the faid commiffioners ; and all and every the dividends and intereft to be received thereon (hall be laid out in like manner in the purchafe of the like annuities or flock, and the dividends and intereft in all fuch accumulations fhall be received and applied in like manner unlefs otherwife ordered bv the faid commiffioners.

XX.	And be it further enadded, That it fhall be lawful for Ccmmiffion-fuch commiffioners, upon application for that purpofe by or on ers may dired: behalf of the person or persons who fhall appear to their fatisfac-tion to be entitled thereto, if in their difcretion they fhall think fo^ftoring fit, to diredd the fale of fuch annuities or flock, or any part there- property to of, and to transfer the fame accordingly, or to transfer the fame the propri-without fale, either for the purpofe of reftoring the property in- etors> &c* vefted therein to the proprietors, according to the intent and meaning of this add, or to fuch persons or person as the proprietors (hall appoint, and in like manner to pay the intereft and dividends of the faid annuities and flock fa to be purchafed, or any money paid into the bank as aforefaid, or to deliver any fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, and effedds, which fhall have been delivered to fuch commiffioners in pur-fuance of this add, provided the person or persons to whom fuch payment fhall be made, or fuch effedds fhall be delivered, fhall not be at the time of fuch payment or delivery in any of the dominions of France, or in any territory or place under the government of the persons exercifing the powers of government in France; but r.everthclefs fuch payment and delivery as aforefaid fhall be wholly at the difcretion of the faid commiffioners, and fhall not be compelled in any manner whatever.

XXL And be it further enadded. That, to avoid multiplicity Monies re-of accounts, the faid commiffioners fhall caufe all the principal ceivedby the monies from time to time received by them, or paid into the commiflion-bank in purfuance of this add, to be claffed, in the order in which the bank the fame fhall be fo received, in fuch clafles, and in fuch fums in to be claffed each clafs as they fhall judge moft convenient, and fhall caufe and entered, fuch clafles to be refpeddively numbered, and a diftindd ftatement ^c’ of each clafs to be made out, containing the names and descriptions of the persons refpeddively from whom the fums of money compofing fuch clafles refpeddively have been received, and the fums received from each, and alfo the names and defcriptions of the persons to whom fuch fums are refpeddively ftated to belong, in the account or particular thereof delivered to the faid commiffioners as aforefaid, and the fums ftated therein to belong to each person ; which ftatements fhall be refpeddively marked with the numbers of the different clafles to which they relate, and fhall be

entered

 

674 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. [x794*

entered in a book or books, to be provided and kept by the faid Duplicates to commiffioners; and the faid commiffioners {hall alfo caufe two be delivered duplicates of each fuch ftatement, fairly written on paper, to be and privy1 made out and delivered, inclofed in a cover, under the leal of the count'd fealed faid commiffioners, one thereof to the governor or deputy governor of the bank of England for the time being, and the other thereof to one of the clerks of his Majefty’s privy council for the time being, to be carefully kept amongft the private papers of the bank of England and privy council reflectively, locked up, and which {hall not be opened without the authority of his Ma-jefty, under his fign manual.

XXII.	And be it further enadled, That the governor and company of the bank of England {hall, and they are hereby required to permit and luffer the annuities and {lock purchafed by the faid commiffioners, in purfuance of this adl, to be claffed and entered under diftincl numbers and in diftindl fums, in their refpedlive books at the bank of England., according to the faid refpedtive clafles, and which claffes {hall be therein refpedlively enumerated and diflinguilhed, in the manner the fame {hall have been enumerated and diftinguifhed by the faid commillioners ; and all the dividends and intereft monies payable to the faid commillioners, in refpedl of the annuities or {lock in each clafs, fhall, from time to time, when laid out in the purchafe of other annuities or {lock of the like kind, be added to and made part of the principal monies of fuch clafs of annuities or flock from which the fame dividends or intereft monies refpedlively arofe.

XXIII.	And be it further enacled, That all flocks and fecuri-ties transferrable at the bank of England which fhall be purchafed in purfuance of this a£l, fhall be accepted and transferred by the cafhier of the bank of England, in purfuance of warrants under the hands of the faid commiflioners for that purpofe, and not otherwife.

XXIV.	And be it further ena£led,That the faid commillioners fhall keep feparate and diflindl accounts of the amount of the

counts of the monies compofmg the different claffes directed by this a£l to be different claffes.

Corrimiffion-ers may examine upon oath and receive affidavits.

made, and of the annuities or {lock purchafed and belonging to each clafs, and diredled to be entered feparately in the books of the bank of England., and alfo of the produce of the annuities or flock from time to time arifing in each clafs, and of all additions from time to time made to the fame refpe6lively; and the faid annuities or {lock of each fuch clafs, together with all additions that fhall have been made thereto, and all dividends due thereon, fhall be divifible, transferrable, and payable, in fuch and the like fhares or aliquot parts of the whole, as the principal monies com-pofing the clafs to which fuch annuities or {lock {hall belong would have been divided into, in cafe no fuch purchafe of fuch annuities or Hock, or fuch increafe thereof, had been made.

XXV. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commillioners, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered to examine upon oath or affirmation (which oath or affirmation they are refpe&ively hereby authorifed

up, and not to be opened without his Majefty’s authority.

Bank to permit the ftock to be claffed . & c.

Stocks to be accepted and transferred by warrants of the commiffioners.

Commiffion-ers to keep

 

1794*1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 70.	675

to adminifler), all persons who {hall be willing to be examined touching all firch matters and things as {hall be neceffary for the execution of the powers veiled in the faid commiffioners, and alfo in all queftions or disputes that may arife touching the property of any person or persons in any goods or effedls whatever, delivered or paid to the faid commiffioners in purfuance of this adl, or touching the refidence of any fuch person or persons claiming or interested in fuch property, to receive any affidavits or depositions in writing, upon oath or affirmation, which fnall be made in any part of Great Britain above the dilhnce of twenty miles from London, before any mayor or chief magistrate of any city, town, or place, or before any juftice of the peace, of any county or diltridl where the person making fuch affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, Shall happen to be, or to receive any affidavits or de-pofitions, in writing upon oath, which Shall be made in any parts beyond the Seas before any magi (Irate of the country, territory, or place, having competent power and authority to adminiSler an oath, and redding near the place where the person making fuch oath Shall alfo refide, and certified and tranfmitted to the faid commiffioners to be appointed as aforefaid, under the hand and feal of fuch magistrate ; provided that in every fuch affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, there Shall be exprefled the addition of the party making fuch affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, and the particular place of his or her abode, and the fame {hall be in-titled as an affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, made in purfuance of this a61.

XXVI.	And be it further enadled, That if any perfon, upon Perfons giving examination upon oath or affirmation before the faid co mm if-falfe evidence fioners refpedlively, or in any affidavit, depofition, or affirmation,

before any magistrate or juilice of the peace in Great Britain, 0fperjUrye:> Shall wilfully and corruptly give falfe evidence, every fuch person So offending, and being thereof duly convicted, Shall be and is hereby declared to be fubjedl and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convidled of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjedl and liable to.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted, That three or more of the Three com-faid commiffioners Shall be capable of executing and doing all the miffi oners adls, matters, and things, which by this adl the faid commiffioners acL' are empowered and required to do, in all cafes where a Smaller

number of commiffioners is not Specially authorifed to do fuch adts, matters and things refpedlively.

XXVIIL And be it further enadted, That the faid commif- Commiffion-fioners, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, Shall and may Sue and be ers may iue Sued in the name of their Secretary for the time being; and that names^P no adtion or Suit, in law or equity, to be brought by or againll their fecre-the faid commiffioners, on account of this adl, in the name of tary, &c. their Secretary for the time being, Shall abate or be discontinued by the death or removal of fuch Secretary, or by the adl of luch Secretary, without the confent of the laid commiffioners, but the Secretary of the faid commiffioners for the time being Shall always be deemed the plaintiff or defendant in fuch adlion or fuit as the

cafe

 

out licence from his Majefty.

Perfonsclaim-ing property may, with confent of the commiflion-ers, apply to the court of exchequer.

676 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. [1794,

Actions to be cafe may be; and no adtion or fuit fhall be brought againft the court*of ex^6 commifiioners, in the name of their fecretary, except in the chequer only, court °f exchequer at Wefhriinfter, and with licence firft had and and not with- obtained from his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, under his or their fign manual, or from fuch person as his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall authorife to grant the fame, and upon fuch terms and conditions as fhall be fpecified in fuch licence; and the faid commiflioners, or their fecretary, fhall not be otherwife charged, either colledlively or individually, as jointly or feveraliy anfwerable in any fuit or adtion whatfoever, touching any matter or thing done in execution of the trufts repofed in them by this adf.

XXIX.	And be it further enadied, That if any queftion fhall arife refpedling any claim to any property, effedts or debts, delivered or paid to the faid commiflioners in purfuance of this a61, or any intereft therein, or the money arifing by the fale thereof, or any part thereof, or to any annuities, fund or ftock, purchafed therewith, or any dividends or intereft arifing thereby, any person or persons claiming fuch property, effedis, or debts, or any intereft therein, or the produce thereof, or the annuities, funds, or ftock, purchafed therewith, or the dividends or intereft arifing thereby, or any part thereof, fhall and may, with the confent of the faid commiflioners, but not otherwife, apply in a fummary way, by motion or otherwife, touching the fame, to the court of exchequer at Wefiminfter, who fhall proceed to inquire into the validity of fuch claim, and fhall make fuch order therein as to the faid court fhall feem juft.

XXX.	And whereas the refriElions contained in the faid recited aEi may materially affeEl commercial and other tranfiaElions, with re-fpeEl to which it 7nay be expedient for his Majefty, under the provi-fans of the faid a El for that purpofe, by his fign manual, order in council, or proclamation, to grant licences, either general or fpecial, under particular circumjiances, and upon certain terms and conditions : and whereas it may be doubtful how far the proof of the exigence of fuch circumftances, or the compliance zvith fuch terms and conditions, may lie upon the person or persons aEling under fuch licences, or claim-ing the benefit thereof: be it enabled, That in all cafes in which

grant licences Majefty fhall think proper to grant any licence or licences, the proof of ’either general or fpecial, by his fign manual, order in council, or proclamation, to doanyadi or adfts,under particular circumftances, or upon fpecial terms or conditions, expreffed in fuch licences refpecfively, the proof of the exiftence of fuch circumftances, and of the performance of or compliance with fuch terms and conditions, fhall in all proceedings whatfoever, criminal or civil, lie on the person or persons adling under fuch licences refpediively, or claiming the benefit thereof.

XXXI.	And be it further enadied, That if any adfiomor fuit, either in law or equity, fhall

Where his

compliance with the terms upon which granted, fhall lie on { the parties claiming the benefit.

If any a£Hon

becomraenc- either in law or equity, fhall be commenced or profecuted con^ cci contrary to	*	/	*	1

a<ft the court trai7 t0 provifions of this adf, for or on account of the con-

may flop pro- verfion of any fuch property or effedts delivered, or for or on ac-

ceedings. count of any fum of money paid to the faid commiflioners, in purr

fuance

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 80, 8r, 677

tuance of this aft, it fhall and may be lawful for the court in which fuch aftion or fuit fhall be commenced, in term time, or the judge, or any one or more of the judges of fuch court, out of the term, in a fummary way, to {fay all proceedings in fuch aftion or fuit, upon fuch terms as to fuch court or judge reflectively fhall appear neceflary to enforce the provifions of this aft; provided that nothing done in obedience to this aft {hall alter or affeft the right, title, or intereft, of any person whomfoever to or in any property whatfoever, real or perfonal, or any contraft or agreement whatfoever, further or otherwife than as in this aft is exprefted.

XXXII- And be it further enafted, That all penalties given Penalties to by this aft fhall be recovered by and in the name of his Majefty’s t^e name^ attorney general, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef- 0ft^e attor-fors, to be difpofed of as he or they fhall think fit for effeftuating ney general, the purpofes of this aft, and the party incurring fuch penalties {hall &c. remain liable to all demands, in refpeft of fuch money, fecurities, property, debts, and efFefts refpeftively, in refpeft whereof any fuch penalty {hall be incurred as aforefaid, to which he, {he, or they, would have been liable in cafe fuch penalty had not been incurred.

XXXIII.	Provided always, That nothing contained in an aft, pafied in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft more ef- cited*adnot feftually to prevent, during the prefent war, all traitorous correfpond- to affed this ence with, or aid or affijlance being given to, bis Majejlfs enemies, aft, &c. or in the faid aft pafied in this fefiion of parliament, {hall extend to affeft any of the provifions contained in this aft; and nothing in this aft contained fhall extend in any manner to alter or affeft the provifions contained in the faid afts, or either of them, except fo far as fuch provifions are exprefsly altered or affefted by this aft.

CAP. LXXX.

An ad to continue, for a limited time, and to amend an ad, pafied in the laft fefiion of parliament, intituled. An ad to continue, for a limited time, and to amend feveral ads of parliament for regulating the (hipping, and carrying flaves in Britifh vefiels from the coaft of Africa.-

[July 7, 1794-]-continued to the firft of Auguft, 1795.

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for amending fo much of an aft, pajfed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majefy King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for ordering the forces in the feveral counties of this kingdom, as relates to the milita of the city of London ; and for the better ordering the fame.—[July 7,

*794-1

WHEREAS the laws now in force for the regulation of the Preamble.

militia of the city of London have been found in feme refpefts defective : and whereas further powers are necejfary for the better ordering of the faid militia \ be it therefore enadted by the King’s moll; excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the

lords

 

6; 8

Co mm iffi oners of lieutenancy may call out, arm, &c. the militia and appoint officers.

Officers to have the fame rank as the reft of the militia.

Commiffions not vacated by the revocation, &c. of the com million under which granted.

Officers to poffefs the like qualifications as required by 26 Geo. 3. c. 107, for commffions in militia for cities which are counties of themfelves, &c.

Eftablifhment of the militia.

Times of hold ing courts of lieutenancy.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgxi III. c. 81. [1794.

lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That his Majefty’s commiffioners of lieutenancy, that now are and hereafter fhall be conftituted and appointed for the city of London, fhall have full power and authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, array, and caufe to he trained and exercifed, fuch perfons, and in fuch manner, as is herein-after direded, once in every year ; and the faid commiffioners fhall from time to time conftitute and appoint a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and other officers, qualified as* hereinafter directed, to train, difeipline, and command, the persons fo to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and directions, herein-after mentioned • and the officers fo appointed filial] have the fame rank in the army as the officers of the reft of the militia forces of this kingdom.

II.	And be it further enaded, That no commiffion of any officer, granted by his Majdty’s faid commiffioners of lieutenancy for the city of London, in purfuance of this ad, fihall be vacated by reafon of the revocation, expiration, or difcontinuance of fuch commiffion by which fuch commiffioners were appointed.

III.	And be it further enaded, That every perfon, fo to be appointed officers of the faid militia in purfuance of this ad, fhall poffefs the like qualification, to the fatisfadion of the faid commiffioners, with refped.to property, as thofe of the fame rank in all cities and towns which are counties within themfelves are directed to poffefs, by an ad, pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laivs relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England; and every commiffioned officer fhall take the oaths, and make, repeat, and fubferibe, the declaration by the faid ad required to be taken, made, repeated, and fubferibed ; and every commiffioned officer fhall be a freeman of the city of London.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the number of private men to be raifed by virtue of this ad for the militia of the city of London, and liberties thereof, fhall be one thoufand two hundred, to be formed into two regiments, confiding each of eight companies, befides a grenadier and light infantry company, of fixty private men to a company : the field officers of each regiment fhall be one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and one major; and there fhall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one enfign, to each company, except to the grenadier and light infantry companies, to each of which there fhall be appointed two lieutenants, inflead of one lieutenant and one enfign.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the faid commiffioners fhall and are hereby required to hold a general court of lieutenancy for the faid city on the firft Wednefday next after the paffing of this ad, and afterwards, annually, to hold two general courts of lieutenancy for the faid city, (that is to fay), one court to be holden on the third Wednefday in January, and one court on the third Wednefday in February, in every year, for carrying the pur-

pofes

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81.	679

pofes of this adt duly and fully into execution ; and that the faid commiffioners may, from time to time, as often as they (hall find it neceftary, fummon or caufe to be fummoned other general courts for the like purpofes.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That the private militia men Men to be to be railed by virtue of this a£l fhall be chofen by ballot : pro- chofen by bal-vided always. That fuch person or perfons, bodies politick and ^ot* corporate, guilds, myfieries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whe- Perfons liable ther corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of be ballotted publick offices and buildings only, fhall be liable to be ballotted tor* for to ferve, or find a man or men, but who are or fhall be rated to the land tax in the ward, parifh, or liberty, in which they fhall refide, occupy, or carry on trade or bufinefs, for the land, houfe, fhop, warehoufe, vault, cellar, or other tenement, hereditaments, premifes, or other property, poftefted, rented, or occupied by them, in the following proportions ; (videlicet), Such as are rated at the Proportions in fum of fiftteen pounds, and from thence upwards to the fum cf whkh liable, one hundred pounds, to be liable to be ballotted for one man; fuch as are rated at the fum of one hundred pounds, and from thence upwards to the fum of two hundred pounds, to be liable to be ballotted for two men ; and fuch as are rated at the fum of two hundred pounds, and from thence upwards, to be liable to be ballotted for three men: provided always, That no private person or persons fhall be liable to be ballotted for more than three men, except bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfte-ries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, who fhall be liable to be ballotted for in the fame proportions as are herein-before directed refpedling private persons ; and further, in the like proportions and upwards, to the full extent of the funis at which they fhall be rated at to the land tax : and the faid commiffioners, at the annual court in January, fhall Consmifiion-and are hereby required to ifiue precepts to the aldermen, de- ers t0 puties, and common council of the feveral wards of the faid city [lie^dVrmen and liberties, who fhall be thereby directed and empowered to &c. to make > make out a fair and true lift in writing of every fuch person and out lifts of perfons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfieries, frater- Per^°nsliable-mi ties, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, in their refpecftive wards, fo liable as aforefaid to be ballotted for, charging and affixing the numbers againft the names of fuch person or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfieries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, as may be liable (for a greater eftate than as above-mentioned) to find more than one man ; and fuch lifts fhall be delivered to the find Lifts tobede-

commiftioners at the court to be held on the third

ay in

livered to the commiffion-1 ers, and no-

February, and notice given to every person or parties in felted i fuch lifts, that they will be returned at the faid court, in order tice to be that all who fhall think themfelves aggrieved may appeal at the given to the faid court, after which no appeal fhall be received 3 and the faid persons in-

COm-	thevcm.

 

68o

Commiflion-ers to iflue precepts for chooftng by ballot the appointed number in each ward, and to appoint a court to receive returns.

Aldermen, &c. to direct conftables to give notice to the persons chofen, &c.

Anno regni tricelimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81. [1794.

commiftioners (hall fix the number to be ballotted for in each ward by the proportion which the numbers fo returned in fiich lifts bear to the whole number of militia men by this acf directed to be raifed, and fo from time to time, as circumftances fhall require ; and the faid commiftioners fhall, according to fuch lifts, divide the faid wards of the faid city and liberties into two districts or divifions, from whence the two regiments fhall be re-fpecftively raifed.

VII. And be it further enacled, That when the number of men to be raifed in each ward fhall have been appointed, the faid commiftioners fhall iftue precepts to the faid aldermen, deputies, and common council, of the feveral wards of the faid city and liberties thereof, empowering them to caufe the number of men fo appointed to be raifed in their refpe£Iive wards to be chofen by ballot out of the lift returned for fuch ward ; and that every person who fhall be charged for more than one man fhall be ballotted for in proportion to fuch number as he fhall be fo charged with ; and the faid commiftioners fhall appoint a court to be holden within three weeks after ifluing fuch precepts, to receive a return of fuch persons as fhall be fo chofen by ballot; and the faid aldermen, deputies, and common council, fhall diredt the conftables, beadles, or other ward officers, to give notice in writing to every person fo chofen by ballot, to appear at the faid court, which notice fhall be given at his or their ufual place of abode at leaft fix days before luch court; and fuch conftable, beadle, or other officer, fhall attend the faid court, and make return on oath of the days when fuch notices were ferved; and every person fo chofen by ballot fhall upon fuch notice appear, and there take

the following oath

(that is to fay),

Oath to be 7 A. B. ^ fencer ely promfee and few ear, That I zvill be faithful and

l'onsChofen1** ^ ^ear irue a^eZiance bis tnajefty King George ; and I do fewear ’ that I am a proieftant, and that I will faithfully feerve in the militia of London, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, for which I am inrolled, un~ lejs I Jhall be fooner dijeharged.

who are to be And every fuch person fhall be inrolled (in a roll to be then and fiv°^ears°r t^lere prepared for that purpofe) to ferve in the militia of the city Subftkutes London^ as a private man, for the fpace of five years : provided may be found. always_5 That no person or persons fo chofen by ballot to ferve, or to find a man or men as aforefaid, fhall be compellable to ferve in perfon, but may, according to fuch proportion as he is or fhall be charged by this adl, (and the owners and occupiers of publick offices and buildings, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate, or not corporate, the owners and occupiers of publick offices and buildings, and all persons incapacitated by age or infirmity, fhall) find one or more fit and able man or men, who fhall have not more than one child born in wedlock, and who fhall refide in the faid city, or within three miles thereof, and who fhall be approved

 

i794.j Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c.

proved by the adjutant or other officer appointed by the faid com-miffioners for that purpofe; and every fubftitute fo provided and Subftitut^s to approved fhall be inrolled to ferve in the faid militia as a private ^lro^e<^* man for the fpace of five years, and alfo for fuch further time as the militia fhall remain embodied, if within the fpace of five years his Majefty fhall order the faid militia to be drawn out and embodied, as herein-after provided 5 and fuch fubftitute fhall take the following oath :

J A. B. do Jincerely promife and fwearb That I will he faithful and Oath to be ** hear true allegiance to his majefiy King George ; and I do jwear taken by fub-that I am a protefiant, and that I will faithfully ferve in the militia ^tutes* tf/'London, within the kingdom ^Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, or for fuch further time as the militia fhall remain embodied^ if voithin the fpace of five years his Majefiy fhall order and direct the faid militia to be drawn out and embodied, unlefs I fhall be fooner difcharged.

And it fhall be lawful for any one of the faid commiffioners to ^fei^ayad-adminifter the faid oaths.	minifteroath^.

VIII.	And be it further enaCfed, That if, through negleft, jf fun number miftake, or from any other caule, the full number of men ap- be not inrolled pointed to be raifed in any of the faid wards fhall not be duly, in- a frefh ballot rolled at the court appointed for that purpofe, the faid commif- t0 talcen * fioners may* and are hereby required, immediately to iffue precepts to proceed to a frefh ballot or ballots, as often as may be

necefiary and expedient for carrying the purpofes of this a£I duly

into execution; and that when any militia man or fubftitute as alfo to fill

fhall, before the expiration of the term for which he was to ferve, UP vacancies»

die, or be appointed a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the faid

militia, or be difcharged in purfuance of the fentence of a court

martial, or otherways regularly difcharged, the vacancy fhall be

filled up by a frefh ballot, in the ward for which fuch militia

man or fubftitute ferved.

IX.	And he it further enabled, That if any person or persons Perfons cho-chofen by ballot, or compellable to find a fubftitute or fubftitutes, fen, not being-according to the directions of this acl, to ferve in the militia, 4uakers> a.n£* (not being one of the people called jQuakers), fhall refufe or to^orfeit* negle£t to appear and take the oath, and ferve in the faid militia, iol. tobeap-or to provide a fubftitute or fubftitutes (as the cafe may be) to pbecl in probe approved as aforefaid, who fhall take the oath, and fign his or

their confent to ferve as his or their fubftitute or fubftitutes, every fuch person fo refuting or negleeling (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, and the like fum for every man not fo provided, for which he fhall have been ballotted ; which faid penalties fhall be applied, by order of the faid commiffioners, in providing fubftitutes for the persons who have paid fuch penalties, and which fubftitutes fhall be fworn in and inrolled to ferve for the fame time, and on the fame conditions, as is herein-before provided in the cafe of fubftitutes provided by persons chofen by ballot; and if any furplus fhall remain, the fame fhall be paid to the colonel^

Voi. XXXIX.	Yy	or.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGIX III. c. 81. [1794.

or fuch officer as he (hall appoint, of the regiment for which fucfc person (hall ferve, and be applied as part of the regimental (lock purfe.

Commiffi oners may provide fubfti-tutes for qua-kers refuting to do it, and levy the expence.

Quakers may appeal to the commiffion-ers.

Perfons not liable to be ballotted for a fecond time but in rotation.

Perfons exempted.

Alderman, &c. of each ward to be aftefTors.

X. And be it further enabled, That if any person being one of the people called Quakers fhall be chofen by ballot to ferve in the' faid militia, or to find a man or men, and fhall refufe or negledt to provide a fubftitute or fubftitutes, to be approved as aforefaid, who (hall take the oath, and fubfcribe his or their confent to ferve as the fubftitute or fubftitutes of fuch quaker, then and in every fuch cafe the faid comrniffioners fhall, if they think proper* provide and hire, or caufe to be provided and hired, upon as reafonable terms as may be, a fit and proper person or persons for fuch quaker ; and the faid commiftionerS.; or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifed, by warrant under their hands and fea], to levy, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the faid quaker, fuch fums of money as fhall be neceflary to defray the expences of providing and hiring fuch fubftitute or fubftitutes, rendering to fuch quaker the overplus, (if any), after deducing the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale ; and in cafe any meafures fhall be ufed, in making diftrefs as aforefaid, which may be by fuch quaker thought opprellive, it fhall be lawful for fuch quaker to appeal to the faid commiftioners at their next court, who are hereby required and impowered to hear and finally determine the fame.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That no person or persons having been ballotted for, and ferved, or found a fubftitute or fubftitutes, or paid the penalties for not feryingor finding fuch fubftitutes, according to the. directions of this add, fhall be liable to be ballotted for again, until by rotation it fhall come to his turn ; and no clergyman, or licenfed teacher of any feparate congregation, and no person ferving as a commiffioned officer in the faid militia, or who fhall have ferved four years therein, fhall be liable to be ballotted for.

XII.	And, for the better and more fpeedy execution of thefe pre-?nifes ; be it further enafted, That the alderman, or his deputy, and the major part of the common councilmen for the time being, in each ward within the faid city or liberties, fhall be the aftefTors in their refpe&ive wards to charge all person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, liable to be ballotted for in their refpedtive wards as herein-before directed, and fhall likewife be the aftefTors of the trophy tax herein-after diredled to be continued to be raifed arid paid, and fhall appoint proper persons to col’ecSt the fame.

XIII. And whereas it is juft and reafonable that every ward of the faid city and liberties Jhould raife and contribute its quota towards the faid militia, and the trophy tax hereafter directed to be continued If the alder- to be raifed be it therefore further enacted, That if the alderman man, Ac. r.eg-or deputy^, and the major part of the common council of any returus^Ac! ward, ftxall refufe or negledt to make a return of the lifts to the ^	faid

 

1794-] Axhno i-egnl tricesimo quarto GfcORGiillL c. 81*	68$

faid commiflioners of the persons liable to be ballotted for inortoa^e^s their refpe&ive wards, or, having made fuch return, fhall negledt ^ thecom to proceed to ballot for the number of persons to be raifed by miilionersmay fuch ward, as herein-before dire&ed, according to the precepts do it.

Hliied to them for that purpofe, the faid commiflioners fhall and are hereby authdrifea to make out fuch lifts, and proceed to ballot for the proper number of persons to be raifed in fuch ward, in manner herein-beforfe directed ; and if the faid alderman or de* puty, and the major part of the common council of any ward, fhall* in like manner, negletft or refufe to aftefs and levy the proportion of the trophy tax of fuch ward, the faid commiflioners fhall and are hereby further authorifed to aftefs, levy, and raife, the trophy tax of fuch Ward, the alderman or deputy, and major part of the Common council of which fhall make fuch default.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That if the alderman of de- Volunteers puty, and common council of any ward aforefaid, with the con-

fent of the inhabitants liable to ferve or find a fubftitute or fub- of the quota ftitutes taken at a wardmote to be holden for that purpofe (for of any ward* calling fuch wardmote three days previous notice to be givers fpecifying the caufe of calling the fame) fhall provide and produce to the faid commifiioners, at any court appointed for the purpofe of inrolling the militia men of fuch ward, any volunteer Or volunteers who fhall be approved, and fhall be then and there fworn in and inrolled for fuch term, and on fuch conditions, as is hercin-before provided in cafes of fubftitutes produced by persons chofen by ballot, it fhall be lawful for the faid alderman or de-^ puty, and common council, fo to do; and the faid commiflioners lhall caufe only fuch number of persons to be chofen by ballot out of the lift returned for fuch 'ward as fhall be then wanted to make up the whole number to ferve for the faid ward ; and if Any fums the faid alderman, deputy, or common council, fhall give to fuch fe^gV^otex volunteer or volunteers any fum or fums of money, not exceed- ceecjing 81. ing eight pounds each man, to ferve in the militia for fuch ward, each, may be it fhall be lawful for fuch alderman or deputy, and the major levied on the part of the common council, to make an equal rate upon all and ward* every person and persons liable to ferve or find a fubftitute or fubftitutes who do or fhall inhabit, hold, occupy, poflefs,-or enjoy, any land, houfe, fhop, warehoufe, vault, cellar, or other tenement or hereditament, within the faid ward, (regard being had in making the faid rate to the abilities of, and likewife to the rent paid by, the faid feveral person or perfons), to reimburfe them-lelves fuch fums of money as they fhall have paid to fuch volunteers aforefaid ; but no person who fhall have been chofen by ballot, and fhall have ferved, found a fubftitute, or paid the penalty for not finding a fubftitute, fhall be liable to pay any of fuch rate, unlefs it fhall be his turn by rotation to be ballotted for again.

XV.	And be it further ena£ted, That the faid commifiioners Commiflicm* may and fhall appoint one proper person to be adjutant to each p0^an ad"-regiment of the laid militia, and fuch perfon, if appointed out of jutantto each his Majefty’s other forces, fhall, during his fervice in the faid regiment, militia, preferve his rank in the army, in the fame manner as if who, if from

Yyz	he	the army,

6$4 Anno regni trice fi mo quarto Georg IT III, c. Sr. [1794.

mxy prefctve he had continued in that fervice ; and the faid eommiffioners;

may give any fuch adjutant a commiffion of lieutenant or enfign, may hold a . g ® r {	J	r	p	;

fubaltenCs	although iuch adjutant may not have the qualification required

commiffion, by this adl for a lieutenant or enfign ; and it {hall be lawful for and have bre- the faid commiffioners, on the recommendation of the colonel or capSn^ ° commanding officer, of either regiment, to appoint the adjutant though not °f hich regiment to the rank of captain by brevet, provided fuch qualified, dec, adjutant has ferved five years in the rank of lieutenant, either in the militia or in any of his Majefty’s other forces, although fuch. adjutant may not have the qualification required by this adl for captains : provided always. That no fuch appointment to the rank of captain (hall be valid, unlefs in the inftrument granting the fame it be fpecified in what regiment of battalion, and whether of the militia or of his Majefly’s other forces, fuch adjutant hath ferved in the rank of lieutenant, and what was or were the date or dates of his commiffion or commiffions: provided alfo,. That no adjutant fo appointed to the rank of captain {hall, by the date of fuch appointment as aforefaid, or otherwife, be entitled to rank above or to command any captain of a company in the faid militia ; nor (hall, by virtue of fuch appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay than that of a lieutenant, together with his pay as adjutant,

Commiffion- XVI. And be it further cnadled, That the faid commiffioners point a quarter ma)r aPP°^nt 3 quarter mailer to each regiment, and alfo a regi-imiitT and re- mental clerk to each regiment, who {hall execute the office of gimaitalclerk. pay mailer: provided always, That no adjutant, furgeon, quarter No adjutant, mailer, or regimental clerk, {ball be capable of being appointed &C''t°de aP" captain of a company j- and no person holding a commiffion of tain of a com- CJiptain of a company {hall be capable of being appointed adju-pany, &c. tant, furgeon, quarter mailer or regimental clerk : provided neverthelefs. That any regimental clerk may be appointed captain lieutenant.

The pay of XVII. And be it further enacled, That every adjutant, regi-clerks111 uarter menta^ c^erh, ana quarter mafter, to be appointed by virtue of mailers fer- this fhall receive the ufual pay of luch offices and appoint-jeant majors, ments, or fuch other allowance as the faid commiffioners {hall think proper and adequate to the fervice; and that ferjeant majors, ferjeants, corporals, drum and fife majors, and drummers and filers, fhall receive the fame pay as thofe of the reft: of the militia Civil appoint- forces of this kingdom; and the faid commiffioners may make ments maybe fucfi cjvil appointments as they {hall fee neceffary for carrying ma e*	the purpofes of this at?c into execuion.

Officers on XVIII. And be it further enadfed, That no officer who is

hair pay ferv- entitled to half pay fhall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit m<> as lieu-	r	*m j	m	m	■*

tenants Sec/ fhch half Pay during the time he {hall ferve as lieutenant, enfign,

to receive it adjutant, regimental clerk, pay mafter, quarter mafter, or furgeon, on taking the jn the faid militia, but that the fame fhall neverthelefs continue ; following and inftead 0f the oath diredled by the adl (for punijhing mutiny, and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters) to be taken by fuch officer, he (hall take the following oath:

I ‘A,B.

Hosted by



^794*] Anno regni tricefioro quarto G^orgii III. c. 81.	685

7”A. B. ^7 fwear, That I had not, between	Oath.

■* any	or	employment	of	profit,	civil or military,	under his

Majefiy, befides my allowance of half pay, as a reduced in	late	regiment	of

five and except my pay as lieutenant, enfign, adjutant, regimental clerk, pay majler, quarter mafier, or furg eon, [as the cafe may bej, for ferving in the Jaid militia.

And the taking of the faid oath, without taking any other oath, fliall be fufficient to entitle fuch person to receive his half pay.

XIX. And be it further enafted, That ferjeants, corporals, Proportionsof and drummers, {hall be appointed to the faid militia as follows ;

(that is to fay), there fhali be three ferjeants, three corporals, aBd dram-and tv/o drummers, to each company, with the addition of one mers, and drummer to each of the flank companies ; and fuch ferjeants, cor- when to be porals, and drummers, {hail be new cloathed, when not in adhial cl°a*hed. ferviee, once in two years ; and all ferjeants and corporals fhaii take the following oath ; (thatis to fay).

J A. B. do Jincerdy promife andfwear, That I ivill he faithful and Oath to be ■ hear true allegiance to his majefiy King George ; and I do fwear ta^eo by non-that I am a protefiant, and that I will faithfullyferve as a ferjeant or corporal [as the c,afe may be] in the faid militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, until I Jhall be legally difcharged*

And the colonel of each regiment may appoint a ferjeant major out of the ferjeants, and a drum major out of the drummers; jeant major and all ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any and drum ma-,pay as fuch in the faid militia, (hall be deemed to be engaged and commif compellable to ferve in the faid militia until they (hall be legally £OQe^ officers difeharged : provided always. That every ferjeant, corporal, and and drummers drummer, appointed in the faid militia, {hall re fide in the city having recenr-of London, or within one mile thereof:	and	provided alfo,

That no person who fhall keep any houfe of publick entertain- fenre# ment, or who fliall fell ale or wine, or brandy or other fpirituous Serjeants, &c. liquors, by retail, fliall be capable of being appointed or ferving to within as a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the faid militia,,	L^don^'and

XX.	And be it further enacted, That any ferjeant*, corpora?, no* to ^ drummer, or filer, may be difeharged by the colonel, or by the publicans, commanding officer (with the content of the captain of the com- Commanding pany); and that the captain (with the approbation of the com- officers may mantling officer) may appoint any proper person in the room

every ferjeant, corporator drummer, who (hall die, defert, or be officers, and difeharged, all which ferjeants, and corporals, fo appointed, (ball the captain take the like oath as is herein-before required to be taken by may appoint ferjeants and corporals..	fucceflbrs.

XXI.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe the colonel and Officers may other officers of both or either regiment of the faid militia fliall

be defirous of keeping up a greater number of drummers than R[uilciansSifS two for each company, to be employed as lifers or nmficians for they defray

* Y y 3	the	the expence.

Militia to be exercifed a 8

amenable to the mutiny laws.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81. [1794.

the ufe of the faid militia, and {hall be willing to defray the exT pence of fuch additional drummers, it fhall and maybe lawful for the colonel of each or either regiment to engage any additional number of drummers to a<£b as fifers or muficians in their re-fpeftive regiments; and all fuch drummers, fo engaged to ferve in the faid militia, fhall be deemed as drummers in the faid militia within the meaning of this a£f, to all intents and purpoles whatsoever, and fhall be fubje£t to the fame orders, regulations, penalties, and punifhments, as other drummers of militia are by this a<5l fubjedt to, and fhall continue to ferve as drummers fo long as they fhall receive the fame pay and cloathing as other drummers have, or better cloathing in lieu thereof, and no longer, txercucu	XXII.	And be it further enadted, That the faid militia, or at

fucceffive days ^ea^ thereof, appointed as aforefaid, fhall be trained and annually, and exercifed, once in every year, for twenty-eight days together, at fuch time as fhall be leaf! inconvenient to the publick, fuch time to be appointed by the faid commiffioners; and during fuch time as the faid militia fhall be aftembled for the purpofe of being trained and exercifed all the claufes, provifions, matters, and things, contained in any adt of parliament which fhall then be in force for the punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the betteb payment of the army, and their quarters, fhall be in force with refpedt to the faid militia ; and all the officers, non-commiffioned officers, and private men of the fame, fhall be fubjedl and liable thereto in all cafes whatfoever, but fq that no puniffiment fhall extend to lofs of life or limb.

XXIII.	And be it further enadfed, That notice of the time of exerciic^o6 anc^ P^ace exerch'e of the faid militia fhall be fent by the clerk be affixed on °f faid commiffioners to thp ward clerk, beadles, or other

officers of the feveral wards of the faid city, with diredlions to caufe fuch notice to be affixed on the doors of the churches or chapels in their refpedtive wards; and all fuch militia men fhall duly attend at the time and place of exercife according tP fuch notice : and the faid clerk fhall, ten days at leaft before the time appointed for the annual exercife, tranfmit to the colonel of each regiment, (or to fuch person as fhall be by him appointed to receive the fame), a full and true lift, fpecifying the name, place of abode, and date of inrolment, of all persons inrolied to ferve in their refpedtive regiments, and fhall in like manner caufe a duplicate of fuch lift to be tranfmitted to the adjutant of fuch regiment.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That every adjutant^ regimental clerk,quarter mafter, ferjeant major, ferjeant, corporal, drum major, drummer, and fifer, of the faid militia, (hall be at all times fubjecl to any adt which fhall be in force for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to the articles of war, under the command of the colonel of the regiment to which he belongs ; and it fhall be lawful for the colonel to diredt the holding of courts martial, whenever fuch regiment fhall be embodied for the purpofe of annual exercife, for the trial of any ferjeant major, ferjeant, corporal,

drum

Notice of the

the church doors.

Ten day6 prior to the annual exercife, lifts of the men in-rolled to be lent the colonel, &c.

Adjutants, &c. fubjedt to the mutiny hdts, & c.

 

1794 ] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8x.	687

.drum major, or drummer, of fuch regiment, for any.offence com-mitted during the time fuch regiment was not embodied, but fo that no punifhment {hall extend to the lofs of life or limb.

XXV.	And be it further enabled, That any ferjeant or cor- Non-commif-poral of the faid militia may, by fentence of a court martial, be ^one5e0reCerS reduced to the condition of a private foldier of the faid militia, to to ferve ferve as fuch during any time, not exceeding fifteen months, as privates, after which time, if not regularly re-appointed to the rank of a

non - commiffioned officer, he fliall be difcharged from the fervice. Arms when

XXVI.	And be it further enabled. That the arms, accoutre- not wanted

ments, and cloathing, belonging to the faid militia, when not on ^ere^the" duty or embodied, fhail be kept in fuch convenient place as the COmmiffion-faid commiffioners fhall dire6t; and that new cloathing {hall be ers fhall direft. provided for the private militia men at leail once in every five Privates to be years, when net embodied for ablual fervice.	clothed once

XXVII.	And be it further enabled. That the commiffioned in five years* and non-commilfioned officers of the faid militia fhall receive the PaY pf the fame pay as thofe of the other militia forces of this kingdom,

and when afie mb led for the purpofe of being trained and exercifed, the private men fhall receive one {hilling per day each man • and Men may be it fliall be lawful for the captain or commanding officer of every put under company to put the militia men of his company under ftoppages ft°PPaScs*

Uot exceeding fixpence per day, for the purpofe of providing them with linen, and alfo with {lockings and other neceffaries, and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms which fhall have been broken or damaged by any fuch militiaman’s neglect-: provided always, That every fuch captain or commanding officer fliall account with each militia man for fuch ftoppage, and after having deducted what fliall have been laid out and paid for ne-ceiTaries, and for repairing the arms as aforefaid, {hall pay the fum remaining (if there {hall be any) into the hands of the militia man to whom the fame belongs, before fuch militia man {hall be di{miffed from fuch training and exercife.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That the non-eommif- Allowance Coned officers, drummers, fifers, and private m.en, ferving in the lieu of quar-faid militia, fhall, when embodied for annual exercife, or other- ters*

wife be in ablual fervice within the city of London, be allowed, in lieu of quarters, at the rate of one {hilling and nine-pence per , week each man, to provide lodgings, in addition to their pay.

XXIX.	Andy for the heiier and more fpeedy execution of the pre- Treafurers mifeSy be it further enabled, That the faid commiffioners {hall be and clerks and are hereby required to appoint one or more treafurer or trea- may keap-furers, clerk or clerks, for receiving and paying fuch monies as ”

{hall be levied by virtue of this abl, and of all which receipts and difburfements the faid treafurer or treafurers, clerk or clerks, are once in every year to give their accounts, in writing and upon oath, to the laid commiffioners, which oath the faid commiffioners have hereby power to adminifler.

XXX.	And be it further enabled. That every militia man,	to^

fubflitute, or volunteer, being fworn in and inrolled, and every

fcrjeaotj corporal, drummer, and fifer, raifed by virtue of this c. 107, as far

Y y 4	abl,	as relates to

T	'	penalties, Soc.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8x. [1794;

aft, (hall be fubjeft to every claufe, provifion, matter and thing, contained in an z£t of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, as far as relates to the penalties and punifhments of militia men, ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, for not attending the annual exercife, for deferting during it, for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for enlifting into the army or offering fo to enliff, or enlifting into any other militia, or for felling or pawning their arms, accoutrements, or cloaths, or neglecting or refufing to return them in good order; and fhall be proceeded againft in manner directed by the faid act; and the faid militia men, fubffitutes, and volunteers, fhall be entitled to the fame bounty when ordered out into atual fervice beyond the limits of the faid city, or liberties thereof, or when t^e*r fervice fhall be prolonged, as is granted by the faid at; and fet'up^hT any^ everY person having ferved in the faid militia when drawn out into part of Great actual fervice, being a married man, may fet up and exercife any trade in any town or place in Great Britain, as directed by the faid act.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, fhall not diminifh or be prejudicial to the rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the faid city, are entitled to enjoy by prefcription, act of parliament, charter, or ufage; but the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and the freemen, citizens, and inhabitants, of the faid city, fhall and may continue to enjoy all and fingular the faid rights, liberties, ufages, cuftoms, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner, as if this a£t had not been made.

His Majefty, XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes of adtual in cafe of in- jnVafion, or upon imminent danger thereof, and in all cafes of mayorde^the rebellion or infurrecffion, it fhall be lawful for his Majefty (the militai to be occafion being firft communicated to parliament, if the parlia-embodied, - ment fhall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notified by timTt'he^ftiall Proc^ama^on> ^ no parliament fhall be then fitting or in being) belfable to the to orc^er and direct the faid commiftioners, with all convenient mutiny laws, fpeed, to draw out and embody the faid militia, or fuch part as 1	his Majefty fhall in his wifdom judge neceffary, and in fuch

manner as fhall be beft adapted to the circumftances of the danger ; and the officers, non-commilfioned officers, drummers, filers, and private men, of the faid militia, fhall from the time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforefaid, and until they fhall by his Majefty’s orders be difembodied, be fubject and liable to all the provifions contained in any a ft of parliament which fhall be then in force for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and fuch a£t fhall be in force with refpe£i to the faid militia, and fhall ’	a	extend

Britain.

A eft not to prejudice the rights of the city.

 

68c,

extend to all the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, fifers, and private men, in all cafes whatfoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enafted, That from the date of When embo-his Majefty’s warrant for drawing the faid militia into aftual fer- gnt?t]ed°to^he vice, the officers, non-commiffioned officers, and private men of fame ^ as , the fame fhall be entitled to the fame pay as the officers, non- the other commiffioned officers, and private men of his Majefty’s other forces, and if regiments of foot receive, and no other; and if any non-com-miffioned officer or private man of the faid militia fhall be maimed *ta^ or wounded in aftual fervice, he fhall be equally entitled to the r benefit of Cbeifea Hofpital with any non-commiffioned officer or private man belonging to any of his Majefty’s forces.

XXXIV* And be it further enafted, That when the faid mi- His Majefty Jitia fhall be drawn out and embodied as aforefaid, it lhall be may put one lawful for his Majefty to put one regiment of the faid militia J^thTcom under the command of fuch general officers as his Majefty (ball mandofgene-be pleafed to appoint, and to direft the faid regiment to be led by ral officers, its refpeftive officers into any parts of this kingdom, for repelling &c. and prevention of any fuch invafion, and for the fuppreffion of any rebellion or infurreftion within this realm of Great Britain, not exceeding the diftance of twelve miles from the faid city, or to the neareft place of encampment, and the other regiment fhall remain in the city of London, for the defence of the faid city, and the fuburbs thereof.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted, That when the faid mi- Militia, when

Jitia, or part thereof, having been fo drawn out into actual fervice difembodied, as aforefaid, fhall be again duly difembodied, and the officers and	the^or

private men thereof difrnifled, to return to their feveral places of dersthey were abode, the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and before drawn private men, fhall be fubjeft to the fame orders, directions, and out. engagements only, as they were fubjeft to under the provifions

of this aft, before they were fo drawn out into aftual fervice as aforefaid.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That for defraying the How the pay, neceflary charges of pay, cloathing, trophies, and other incidental &c. of the expences of the faid militia, it fhall be lawful for the faid com- militia is to be miffioners to continue to raife and levy in every year, in manner ^ herein-before direfted, the proportion of one month’s tax, amounting to four thoufand fix hundred and fixty-fix pounds

thirteen {hillings and four-pence, which the faid city hath been ufed to pay, by virtue of an aft, palled in the thirteenth and fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An off for ordering the forces in the feveral counties of the kingdom \ and in addition thereto the receiver general of the land tax for the faid city lhall and is hereby required to iftue and pay annually, to the treafurer appointed by the faid commiffioners, fo much money as fhall be neceftary, in aid of the trophy tax, towards the faid expence of training, exercifing, paying, and keeping in readinefs, and other incidental expences of the laid militia; and the receipt of the faid treafurer fo appointed

fhall

 

69 o

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81. [1794.'

{hall be a fufficient difcharge to the faid receiver general for the money fo to be ifTued and paid by him.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That the acceptance of a commiffion in the faid militia (hall not vacate the feat of any member returned to ferve in parliament; and that no person being an officer of the laid militia {hall be compelled to ferve the office of fheriff.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That

puniffiable for no pffrcer Df t^e fa;d rnilitia, or a nrivate militia man of the faid going to elec-	,,	,	,	,	3	,n	r

Commiffions not to vacate feats, nor officer liable to ferve as fheriff. Voters not

tions, &c.

Colonel to return ftate of the regiment when called

Perfons ferv-ine in the mi- j " ^ litia not liable drummer.

See.

When in actual fcrvice, an agent may be appointed.

militia, (hall be liable to any penalty or punifhment for or on account of his abfence during the time he {ball be going to vote at

D	O	O

any eledfion of a member to ferve in parliament, or during the time he (hall be returning from fuch election.

XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the colonel or other commanding officer of each regiment fhall, and is hereby required, as often as the faid regiment fhall be called out to annual out to annual exercife as before directed, to return to the faid commiffioners a exercife, See. true fcate Qf fuch regiment; and in cafe the colonel or commanding officer of either or both regiments (hall refufe or negletff, for the fpace of three months after the faid annual exercife, fo to do, he fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enabled. That no ferjeant, corporal, r, or hfer, of the faid militia, nor any private man from to ferve as the time of his inrollment until he fhall be regularly difeharged peace officers, from the faid militia, fhall be compelled to ferve as a peace officer or parifh officer, or to ferve in any of his Majefty?s fea forces.

XLI. And be it further enacted. That when the f^id militia fhall be drawn out into adlual fervice, and during the time they fhall continue in adtual fervice, the faid commiffioners may appoint an agent to the faid militia, and the faid commiffioners fhall take fecurity from fuch agent.

XLII. And be it further enabled, That every claufe, provi-fion, matter, and thing, contained in an a<5t of parliament, paffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An at1 to provide for the families of petfons chofen by lot to. ferve in the militia of this kingdom, and of fubfituies fervihg therein; and to explain and amend an aft of parliament, paffed in the twenty-fixthyear of his prefent Majejlfs reign, intituled,** An aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England y and a}fq in an a£t, paffed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, intituled. An aft to amend an aft, paffed in the lift fffton of parliament, intituled, c An aft to provide for the families of persons chofen by lot to ferve in the militia of this kingdom, and of fubjlitutes ferving therein ; and to explain and amend an aft of parliament, paffed in the twenty fixtb year of his prefent Majejly, intituled, c An aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating and 34 Geo. 3. (o mihtia of that part of Great Britain called England f and tend\o°his~ a^° an ac^ ma^e in Pre^ent Lffion of parliament, intituled, aft.	An aft for augmenting the militia, fhall.be deemed to extend to the

families

33 Geo. 3.

34 Geo. c.47«

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii IIL c. 8i.

families of the faid ferjeants, corporals, drummers, fifers, fubfti-tutes, and volunteers, of the faid militia.

XLIII. And be it further enadled, That the provifions of an adi, paflfed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late ma-jefty King George the Second, intituled, An ah for the rendering 24 Geo. p. c. jujlices of the peace more fafe in the execution of their office ; andfor 44* to extend indemnifying con fables and others adding in obedience to their war- ^ ffionersarid rants, ifiall extend to his Majefty’s faid commiffioners, and the aiTelfors under afleffors adling in the execution of this adf, or any other which thisadt. relates to the faid militia, in like manner and as fully and effectually, as the fame extend to juftices of the peace adling in the execution of their office.

XLIV. And be it further enabled, That when the faid militia The com mi f-fhall not be embodied according to the provifions of this adt, it fioners may fhall and may be lawful for the faid commi(fioners, when and fo often as it fhall feem to them requifite and neceflary, to order the 0^cers wjth ferjeants and corporals of the faid two regiments, or fo many as to officers, to be them may feem fit, to be put in poffeffion of their cloaths, arms, put under the and accoutrements, and, with their proper officers, or fuch of- orders of the ficers as they fhall appoint, to be kept in conftant readinefs to be	*

put under the orders of the lord mayor or other magiftrates of the faid city, who fhall have power and authority to call out the whole or any part thereof for the fuppreffion of riots, or any other requifite duty for which they may be wanted, the faid officers and men, when fo called out, to be fubjedt to the fame penalties as are herein-before diredted when the faid militia fhall be adfually embodied ; and the faid commiffioners may order the faid ferjeants and corporals to be infpedfed and exercifed fo often as they fhall think proper and necefiary.

XLV. And be it further enadted, That no officer ferving in Officers of the the faid militia fhall fit in any court martial upon the trial of any militia to officer or foldier ferving in any of his Majefty’s other forces, of other other than militia forces \ nor fhall any officer ferving in any of utia officers his iVIajefty’s other forces, other than the militia forces, fit in any only, and vice court martial upon the trial of any officer or private man ferving vei"fa* in the faid militia.

XLV I. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be After palling lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, immediately after the ralcourtsma~ paffiqg this adf, to hold fuch general courts, and to iffue fuch pre- ^

* cepts for the purpofe of carrying this adf into execution, in like manner as is herein-before diredted to be done at the annual general courts,

XL VII. And be it further enadled, That, from and after the Commiffions palling of this adt, all commiffions heretofore granted by the faid heretofore commiffioners, in conformity to their former powers, fhall ceafe &rante(* V01 * and become void.

XLVIII. And be it further enadted, That all fines, penalties, Recovery and and forfeitures, by this act impofed, which fhall exceed the fum application of of twenty pounds, fhall be recoverable by adtion of debt, bill, hnes* plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wdjlminjier, wherein no privilege, protedtion, wager of law,

or

 

692 Anno regni trlcefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 82. [1794.

or more than one imparlance, {hall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this adl impofed, which {hall not exceed the fum of twenty pounds, {hall, on proof upon oath of the offence, before the lord mayor or other magiftrate of the faid city, or any juftice of the peace of the county, liberty, or place, where the offence {hall be committed, be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid lord mayor, magiftrate, or other juftice, rendering the overplus, (if any), on demand, after deducing the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, to the peFfon whofe goods and chattels fhall be fo diftrained and fold ; and for want of fufficient diftrefs the faid lord mayor, magiftrate, or other juftice, is hereby required, in all cafes when 110 particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit fuch offender to the county gaol where the offence {hall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and the money ariling by all fuch fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwife particularly directed by this adl, (hall be paid to the regimental cleric of that regiment where fuch offence {hall have been committed, and {hall be made part of the publick ftock of that regiment.	.	,

Limitation of XL1X. And be it further enadled, That if any aclion fhall be aftions. brought againft any person for any thing done in purfuance of this adl, fuch adtion or fuit fhall be commenced within fix months next after the fa61 committed, and not afterwards, and {hall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and General iffue. not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch adtion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this act, and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury {hall find for the defendant or defendants in any fuch adtion or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs {hall be non-fuited, or difeontinue his or their adtion or fuit, after the defendant or defendants {hall have appeared, or if on demurrer judgment {hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Treble colls, defendants {hall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in other cafes to recover cofts by law.

Publick aft. L. And be it further enadted, That this adb fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick adt; and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other persons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C A P, LXXXIL

An aft to continue an aft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for eftablifhing regulations refpefting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refident therein, in certain cafes,—— {July 7, 1794.]-Con-

tinued to January 1, 1795.

CAP.

 

CAP. LXXX1II.

An ad to explain fo much of an at7, made in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Majeflf s reign, intituled., An adl for the further regulation of the trials of controverted eledlions, or returns of members to ferve in parliament, as relates to the time of pre-fenting certain reneiued petitions, and taking the fame into confi-deration-—[July y, 1794*]

WHEREAS, by an aff, puffed in the twenty-eighth year Preamble, of his prefent Majeflf s reigny intituled, An a6t for the fur- ^ Geo ther regulations of the trials of controverted elections, or returns c. 52, of members to ferve in parliament, it is enatted. That zvhenever any fuch felefl com?nittee of the houfe of commons, as is therein mentioned., fhall have reported to the houfe their judgment refpefling the right of election of members to ferve in parliament for any county, cityy borough, or place, or of chufengy nominating, or appointing, the returning officer or returning officers, zvho is or are to make return of fuch election, it (hall be laiujul for any perfm or perfonsy at any time within twelve calendar months, after the day on which fuch report fhall have been made to the houfey or within fourteen days after the day of the commencement of the next feffion of parliament after that in which fuch report Jhall have been ?nade to the houfe, to petition the houfe to be admitted as parties to oppofe the right zuhich has been deemed valid in the judgment of fuch committee ; and that zvhen fuch petition fhall be fo prejentedy a day fall be appointed by the houfe for taking the fame into confederation, fo that the [pace of forty days at the leafl fhall always intervene between the day of prefetiting fuch petition and the day appointed by the houfe for taking the fame into confederation : and whereas the faid provifeon zuhich directs that the faid fepace of forty days Jhall intervene betzveen the day of prefenting fuch petition and the day appointed by the houfe for taking the fame into confederation, hath been confe'rned to extend to petitions which are renczved in any feffion or feffeons of parliament,fubfequent to that in zuhich fuch petition vjcis orginally prefented to the houfe, which proceeding hath been found to be inconvenient; for remedy thereof, be it enadfed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of	°fpre~

the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every .newecfpeti-petition, fo renewed as aforefaid, fhall be prefented to the houfe tions of per-within fourteen days’ after the day of the commencement of any fons praying fuch fubfequent feffion or feilions of parliament, and not other- ^ ^parties wife; and that whenever any fuch renewed petition fhall be fo to oppofe the* prefented, a day and hour at not lefs than fourteen days difiance, right of elec-fhall be appointed by the houfe for taking the fame into confi- tion reported deration; any thing in the faid aft to the contrary thereof not- tc^gC°mimt' withftanding.

II. And be it further enafted, That if any fuch petition {hall not, from time to time, and in every feffion of parliament, until renewe(j the the fame fhall be taken into confideration, be fo renewed within judgment of the time above limited for renewing the fame, the judgment of committees to fuch committee on fuch question or queftions fhall be held and be

taken

 

taken to be final and conclufive in all fubfequent eledHons of members of parliament for that place to which tl^e fame (hall relate, and to all intents and pilrpofes whatfoever.

CAP. LXXX1V.

An aft for erecliiig a penitentiary boufe or houfes for 'confining and empolying convifts.—[July 7,1794.]

Preamble.

WHEREAS by an at7, mdde in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intitul'd., An a6t to explain and c. y4, recited, amend the laws relating to the transportation^ imprifonment, and other punifhment of certain offenders* his Majefy is enabled to appoint fupervifors for building tivo penitentiary houfes for confining and employing in hard labour, fuch persons convicted of tranfportahle crimes within England or Wales, as are therein mentioned, which fupervifors Jhould fix upon any piece or pieces of ground which might be lawfully pur chafed under the powers of the faid aft, and the fame being approved of to contract for the abfolute pur chafe, in fee fimple, of the piece or pieces of groundfor the purpofe of erefting thereon fuch penitentiary houfesi and other buildings and inclofures, in fuch manner as therein is dire 61 ed, and which ground fo to be pur chafed Jhould be conveyed as therein is expreffed; and that if any corporations, huf-bands, guardians, committees4 executors, adminifirators* or other trujhes, or any person or persons for the time being interefied in any fuch piece or pieces of ground, upo?2 notice to him, her, or them given, as- therein is mentioned, fbould, for the Jpace of twenty-one days next after fuch notice given, negleft or refufe to treaty or Jhould ref ufe to accept fuch price as Jhould be offered by the faid Jupervifors, or Jhould othc?vuife not agree for the /ale of fuch piece or pieces of ground, or if by abfence or incapacity they Jhould be prevented from treating for fuch fale, then the faid fupervifors Jhould caufe the value of fuch ground to be enquired into and afeertained by a jury of indif-,	fevent men. of the county or place wherein the fame Jhould be fituated y

and when fuch jury Jhould have enquired of and afeertained the value of fuch ground, the faid fupervifors Jhould thereupon order that the fum or jums of money vahich Jhould appear to be the value of fuch ground Jhould be paid and applied in manner therein dire died, which verdi ft or inquifition Jhould be final; and his Majefy is thereby au-thorifed to nominate three gentlemen, or other creditable or fubfiantial perfons, as a committee to furperintend the faid houfes, and otherwife to carry the faid aft into execution : and whereas, in purfuance of the faid aft, his Majefy did, on the fecond day of March one thou-fond feven hundred and eighty-one, appoint fir Gilbert Elliot baronet* fir Thomas Charles Bunbury baronet, and Thomas Bowdler do ft or of pbyfick, fupervifors of the buildings to be erefted purfuant to the faid aft, and that the Jaid fupervifors having madefir ift examination of the mofi eligible fpols in the neighbourhood of London, and particularly on the banks of the river Thames, whereon to ereft fuch penitentiary houfes as aforefaid, having fpent fome time in that enquiry, reported to the lord chancellor, and the other persons mentioned in the faid aft, according to the dir eft ions of the faid afts, two fpots

in

S upend fors appointed under redtad ad.

 

1794-] Arrnoregrii triccfnno quarto Geo^gii III. c. 84.	695

in the neighbourhood of each other, namely, Wandfworth Field for Spots appro>v-the penitentiary houfe for males, Batterfea Rife ^ peniten- c<^ ^?r erf<5ting tiary houfe for females, who, by their opinions on the twenty-eighth [Joufes. ^ ^7y <7^ June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, thought pro-per to r&jefl the fpot in Wandfworth Field, and to approve the fpot at Batterfea Rife, as proper for the erecting penitentiary houfes for both males and jernales : and whereas, in purfuance of the faid a£ty the fupervifors entered into a treaty with the proprietors of the Jaid grounds, and made an offer of afum of money for the pur chafe thereof,\ which beings refufecL, a fpeeial jury of the county of Surrey was fum- jury impan-moned and impannelled according to the directions of the faid a£l, upon nelled to en^ the tenth day of September one thoufandfeven hundred and eighty -two, quire into the and being duly fworn, and charged to enquife into and afeertain the va- Yci*ue‘ lue of the faid piece of ground, by the names and deferiptions of all that piece or parcel of garde?! ground, in the occupation of Henry Brown^ Particulars of containing by adrneafurement, feven acres three roods and fix perches, the premifee* be the fame more or lefs, and bounded on the north by lands in the occupation of Robert Mofely* and other lands in the occupation of Thomas Rhodes, and on the eaft, on part by a road leading out of the road from London to Wandfworth, to and from Batterfea, and in other part on lands and buildings in the occupation of Robert Death, and on the fouth, by the turnpike road leading from London to Wandfworth aforefaid, and on the wefi, by lands in the occupation of the faid Robert Mofely ; and alfo of all that piece or parcel of garden ground in the occupation of the faid Robert Mofely, containing by admeafurement, nineteen acres and eighteen perches, be the fame ?nore or lefs, and bounded on the north by lands in the occupation of the faid Thomas Rhodes, and on other part, by lands in the occupation of the faid Henry Brown, on the fouth, on part by lands in the occupation of the faid Henry Brown, and by the turnpike road leading from London to Wandfworth, and on the weft, on part by the find road leading out of the faid road from London to Wandfworth, to and from Batterfea, and on other parts thereof, by the feveral gardens belonging arid adjoining to four feveral cottages or tenements now in the feveral occupations tf/'William Cripps, William Bradford, William Newman, James Meredith, and Robert Jones ; and alfo of all that other piece or parcel of garden ground in the occupation of hlizabeth Wood, containing by achneaj'urement, eighteen, acres and eight perches, be the fa??ie more or lefs, bounded on the north by lands in the occupation of the faid Robert Mofeley, on the caft by lands in the occupation 0/* Edward Wellers and the faid Thomas Rhodes, on the fouth by lands in the occupation of the faid Robert Mofeley, and on the weft by the faid road leading to and from Batterfea ; and alfo of all thofe three pieces or parcels of meadow a?id pafiure ground in the occupation of the faid Edward Wellers, containing together, by admeafurement, feven acres tivo roods and four-teen perches, be the fame more or lefs, bounded on the wefi in part by . lands in the occupation of the faid Robert Mofeley, on the north and north eafi in part by the faid road leading to and from Batterfea, and in other parts thereof by a common field called Brumlands, in the occupation of	Fears	and	others, on the eafi by the faid road

leading

 

£96 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 84. [1794^

leading to and from Batterfea, on the fouth by lands in the occupation of the faid Thomas Rhodes and Elizabeth Wood, and on thet weft by lands in the occupation of the faid Robert Mofeley and Elizabeth Wood ; and alfo of all thofe three other pieces or parcels of-meadoiv and paflure ground in the occupation of the faid Thomas Rhodes, containing together by admeafarement,/even acres three roods and eleven perches, be the fame more or lefs, bounded on the north by lands in the occupation of the faid Edward Wellers, on the eaft by the faid road leading to and from Batterfea, on the fouth by lands in the occupation of the faid Henry Brown, and on the wcjl by lands in the occupation of the faid Robert Mofeley and Elizabeth Wood ; and aljo of all thofe four pieces or parcels of garden ground, meadow, and paflure, in the occupation of the faid Robert Mofeley, containing together, by admeafurement, eighteen acres three roods and twenty-three perches, be the fame more or lefs, bounded on the fouth by lands in the occupation of the faid Elizabeth Wood, on the weft and north by the faid road leading to andfrom Batterfea near York Place, and on the eaji by lands in the occupation of Ann Weft widow, and the faid Edward Wellers ; all which faid fever al pieces or parcels of garden ground, meadow, and paflure, adjoin to each other, and do contain in the whole, by admeafurement, feventy-nine acres and one rood, and are fituate, lyings and being, in the par ifo 0/* Batterfea aforefaid, in the Jaid county of Surrey, and of all houfes, outhoufes, ways, paths, paf-fages, timber trees, woods, underwoods, waters, watercourfes, and all Verdift of the other rights, members, and appurtenances, thereunto belonging ; af-jury.	feffed	the value of the fame at the fum of fix thoufand fix hundred

pounds, ivhich verdifi and affeffment notv remains of record: and tvhercas penitentiary houfes for England and Wales have not been ere fled in purfuance of the faid recited a5t, and it will be of great publick utility that a penitentiary houfe or penitentiary houjes fbould be built for the particular purpofe of confining tranfportable and other convidls within the fame: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it'enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-T re a fury may nient affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhali fix upon and maybe lawful to and for the faid lord high treafurer-, or com-tnnft forere£G rnifiioners of the treafury for the time being, and he and they is mg peniten- or are hereby required, as foon after the palling of this aft as tiary houfes, conveniently may be, to fix upon the faid piece or pieces of fee^°to\reat" groun<^ herein-before deferibed, or upon any other convenient for the	and proper fpot of ground, which may be lawfully purchafed

ground, dec. under the powers of this aft, and which fhali "be fituated within any of the refpeftive counties in the faid aft mentioned, upon which fhali be erefted one or more penitentiary houfe or houfes, for the purpofe of confining and employing in hard labour fuch convifts as fhali be removed thither by order of his'Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, under the powers herein-mentioned ; and to contract and agree with any person or persons for the erefting and building one or more penitentiary houfe or houfes on the faid piece or pieces of ground before deferibed, or upon fuch other

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $4«:	697

piece of ground as {hall be appropriated for that purpofe, in fiich manner, and under and for fuch confederations, terms, conditions* powers, limitations, and reffriblions, as the laid lord high trea-furer, or commiffioners of the treafury, fliall deem neceflary and expedient; and fhall caufe to be inferted in fuch contracl or contracts fuch lawful claufes* covenants, and agreements, as fliall be requiflte to enforce the execution of the fame accordingly, and within a time to be therein limited ; and may alio, if he of they {hall think fit, appoint a proper person or persons to .Superintend the ereblion of fuch houfe or houfes, and the clue performance of fuch contractor contracts as fhall be entered into touching the fame, with fuch powers as the faid lord high trea-furer, or commiffioners of the treafury, fhall judge proper; and the faid lord high treafnrer, or commiffioners of the treafury, fhall alfo appoint a feoffee or feoffees to treat for the abfolute purchafe in fee fimple, and to accept a conveyance of fuch piece or pieces of ground whereon the faid penitentiary houfe or houfes {hall be intended to be built, and from time to time, to appoint others in the Head of thofe who fhall die or refign ; and that when and fo foon as fuch piece or pieces of ground {hail be fixed upon and approved by the faid lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury, and fuch feoffee or feoffees (hall be appointed, the inheritance in fee Ample of fuch piece or pieces of ground, with the appurtenances, fliall be veiled in, and {hall be conveyed and affured to fuch feoffee or feoffees, to the ufe of fuch feoffee or feoffees, and his or their fucceflors for ever ; and Feoffees to he, the faid feoffee or feoffees for the time being is and are hereby a corporation, made and declared to be a corporation foie, or a corporation ag- &c-gregate, as the cafe fhall happen to be, for the fpecial purpofe of being capable to take and hold in perpetual fucceffion fuch piece or pieces of ground, with all buildings and erections thereon, and other the appurtenances thereunto belonging, or to belong, for the ufe and purpofes of this abt; and fliall and may fue and be fued by the name of The Feoffee (or Feoffees) of the Penitentiary Houfe (or Penitentiary Houfes) in theparijh cf	in the

county of	[as	the	cafe	may	be], he or they paying to

the feveral persons interePced therein fuch firm and (urns of money as by this abt is direbled to paid for the fame.

II..	Provided always, and be it further enabled* That a copy Copies of con-, of fuch contract or contracts, as fliall be entered into in purfu- trails to be ance of this act, fhall be laid before both houfes of parliament within thirty days after executing the fame, if parliament fftall ^ ' * be then fitting, and if parliament fhall not be then futing, within fourteen days after the fir Pc meeting of parliament next enfuing, and all expences attending the execution of this abt fhall be defrayed in fuch n%nner as fliall and may be agreed upon and expreffed in fuch contradl or contrails; or in cafe the fame fhall not be fo agreed upon, then the fame, or fuch part thereof as fhall be neceflary, fhall be defrayed by the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the lime 'being, and in fuch cafe fliall be laid before, and annually provided for by parliament, or other wife as parliament fliall direct.

Vol. XXXIX.	Z	z	III.	And

 

His Majefty may appoint governors of penitentiary houfes.

Corporations, <Scc. may con-vey land.

Purchafe money to be paid into the bank,and laid out in other pur-chafes, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto GeoRGH lit. c. 84. [1794^

III.	And be it further enabled, That when the faid penitentiary houfe or houfes fhall be ereCted in purfuance of, and according to, fuch contract or contracts as aforefaid, or fooner, if occaiion fhall require, it {hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, from time to time, by an order, in writing, to be notified by the principal fecretary of ftate for the home department, to appoint one or more fit and difereet person or per-fons to be governor or governors of the faid penitentiary houfe or houfes, to continue in fuch office or offices refpefilively, for fuch time, and under fuch conditions, as his Majefty (hall direct, whUy being fo appointed thereunto, fhall have the care, management, fuperintendance, and controul of the fame, and of all and every offender and offenders who fhall be delivered unto his or their cuftody, by the direction of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, under fuch powers, directions, limitations, and reftrifilions, as are contained in an aCt, made in the twenty-fourth year of his pre-fent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the effeftnal tranfporta-tion of felons and other offenders, and to authorife the removal of pri-foners in certain cafes, and for other purpofes therein ?nentionedy or under fuch other directions, limitations, and reftriCtfons, as his Majefty fhall, under the powers of the faid aCt, from time to time, appoint.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be lawful for all corportions aggregate or foie, ecclefiaftical, civil, or -eleemofynary, hufbands, guardians* committees, executors, and all truftees, not only on behalf of themfelves, but alfo on behalf of their ceftuique trufts, whether infants or ilfue unborn, lunatic'ks, idiots, femes covert, or other person or persons under any dif-ability whatfoever, and alfo for all other persons who are or fhall be feifed or polfeifed of, and interefted in, fuch piece or pieces of ground, or any part thereof, on which the faid penitentiary houfe or penitentiary houfes fhall be to be ereCfed in purfuance of this aCl, to convey and affure fuch piece or pieces, of ground, with the appurtenances, unto fuch person or persons as fhall be appointed feoffee or feoffees of the faid penitentiary houfe or houfes to be ereCled according to the direfilions. of this afif ; and all fuch fales, conveyances, and afturances., {hall be binding and effectual in the law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; any laws, ftatutes, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all corporations and persons fo conveying and affuring, are hereby indemnified for what they {hall refpe£tive!y fo do by virtue of this act.

V.	And be it farther enadted, That the purchafe money for fuch piece or pieces of ground to be paid in purfuance of this add, and alfo the compeufation to be made to any tithe owner or owners in refpeCf thereof, fhall be paid by fuch person or persons as {hall be appointed feoffee or feoffees as aforefaid, into the bank of England, with the privity of the accountant general of his faid Majefty’s high court of chancery, to the credit of the feveral vendors of fuch piece or pieces of ground, or persons interefted therein; and the faid feveral vendors and other persons interefted as

aforefaid

 

1794-] Anno regni- tricesimo quarto GeoRGH IIT. c. S4.	699

aforefaid fliall, as foon as conveniently may be, lay oat fuch put-chafe money and compenfation refpeftivdy in the purchafe of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fee Ample, to be conveyed to fuch ufes, and to and for fuch person and perfons, and for fuch effate and eftates, and to, for, upon, and fubjeft to, fuch ufes, trulls, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands or grounds for or id refpeft whereof fuch purchafe money {hall be paid as aforefaid, fhail be limited, fettled, and af-fured, at the time fuch conveyance and affurance fhail be marie in manner aforefaid, or fuch as fhail be then capable of taking effeft $ the charges of fuch conveyances and fettlements to be paid in the fame manner as the expence of building on fuch ground ; and in the mean time, until fuch purchafe or purchases fhail be made, fuch money fhail be laid out by fuch corporations or other persons for the time being intercfied therein, in fome government fecuriti.es, in the names of. two perfons, one to be nominated by the party or parties for the time being intereiled therein, and the other by the feoffee or feoffees aforefaid, and the interell arifing from fuch fecurities fhail be paid to fuch per-Ion or persons refpeftively as would have been entitled to the rents and profits of fuch piece or pieces of ground or tithes in cafe fuch ground had not been fold, or would for the time being be entitled to the rents and profits of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fo to be purchafed, in cafe the lame were pur-chafed and fettled as aforefaid.

VL And be it further enafted, That, previous to the erecting If the ground

and building anv penitentiary houfe or penitentiary houfes, in cafe betore men-

the fame fhail be intended to be built on the faid piece or pieces t?0,’*eci

1	1	enervated

of ground herein-before deferibed and fituate within the parifh of in value' a

Batterfea aforefaid, and the owners or proprietors interefied in further fum fuch piece or pieces of ground, or any of them, fliall be diffatisfied roay he pud with the price at v/hich the fame was eftimated and a fie lied in purfuance of the faid recited aft as aforefaid, and fhail give notice in writing to the feoffee or feoffees appointed bv virtue of this aft, within one calendar month after notice given that the faid piece or pieces of ground hath or have been fixed upon as hereinbefore mentioned, that the faid piece of ground hath encreafed in value fince the alfeffment thereof was made by virtue of the faid recited aft, it fliall and.may be lawful to and for fuch feoffee or feoffees to pay into the find bank of England, with fuch'privity as aforefaid, fuch further fum of money as fliall be agreed upon in that behalf'; or in cafe no fuch agreement fliall be made, then to pay into' the faid bank of England fuch fum of money as fuch feoffee or feoffees fhail think a fit and reafonable price to be given for fuch increafe in value; and that in like manner, in cafe any ff other land other piece or pieces of ground fhail be appropriated in purfuance diould be of this aft for the purpofe of erefting fuch penitentiary houfe or	e~

houfes thereon, it fhail and may be lawful to and for fuch feoffee pay to the and feoffees to pay into the bank of England, with fuch privity bank the as aforefaid, the price agreed upon to be paid for the lame, or, in price agreed, default of fuch agreement, to pay into the faid*'bank of England

Z z 2	fuch

 

700 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 84. [1794.

fuch fam of money as fuch feoffee or feoffees fhall think a fit and reafonable price to be paid for the fame; and in each cafe the faid feoffee or feoffees fhall alfo make or tender fuch compenfation, recompence, or fatisfadtion, in money, or otherwife, to the tithe owner or owners, and alfo to the feveral occupiers who fhall be tenants for life or lives or for terms of years, or tenants from year to year, or at will, of fuch piece or pieces of ground on which the faid penitentiary houfe or penitentiary houfes are fo intended to be eredted as aforefaid, or any part thereof, in refpedt of their feveral rights and intereits of and in the faid premifes refpedtively, as fuch feoffee or feoffees fhall in his or their difcretion think fit, which compenfation fhall be made to them refpedtively, over and above the price to be paid to the owners and proprietors In cafe of dif- as aforefaid ; and that if the owners or proprietors aforefaid fhall vahaeTo^e n0t aSree with t^le ^id fe°ffee or feoffees for fuch price as afore-ascertained by or	not>	within the period of twenty-one days after no-

ajury. ; tice in writing of fuch payment, agree to accept fuch price as fhall be paid into the bank of England by the faid feoffee or feoffees, or if any fuch tithe owner or owners, tenants for years, or tenants from year to year, or at will, upon notice to him, her, or them, given or left in writing at the houfe or houfes or other place or places of abode of fuch persons refpedtively, or fixed on lbme confpicuous place on the premifes to be conveyed, which fhall be in his, her, or their refpedtive occupations, or on the parifh church where the fame premifes fhall be fituate, fhall, for the fpace of twenty-one days next after fuch notice given, left, or fixed, negledt or refufe to accept fuch price as fhall be offered by the faid feoffee or feoffees for their refpedtive rights and in-tereffs in fuch premifes, then, and in fuch cafes refpedtively, the faid feoffee or feoffees fhall caufe the values of all fuch rights and interefts in refpedt whereof any fuch controverfy or difp ;-.e fhall have arifen to be refpedtively inquired into and afcertained by a jury or juries of indifferent men in the county in which fuch lands fhall be fituate; and to that end fhall furnmon and call before fuch jury or juries, and examine upon oath (which oath fuch feoffee, or any one or more of fuch feoffees, is and are hereby empowered to adminifter) any person or persons whomfoever ; and fuch feoffee or feoffees fhall, by ordering a view or otherwife, nfe all ways and means for the information of fuch jury or juries in the premifes ; and when fuch jury or juries fhall have enquired of and afcertained the feveral matters aforefaid, the faid feoffee or feoffees fhall thereupon pay, in manner herein directed, the refpedtive fums of money winch fhall fo appear to be payable, as well to fuch owners or proprietors of fuch lands or tithes in refpedt of fuch value, or increafe in value as aforefaid, as to fuch occupiers or tenants in refpedt of their intereffs in the premifes; which fums of money due and payable to the occupiers or tenants refpedtively fhall be paid to fuch occupiers or tenants refpedtively* Verdidts to be or their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators, or affigns; and which filed and to be verdidts or inquifitions fhall be refpedtively filed of record by the final,	clerk of the peace of the county wherein the lands fo to be ap-

pro-

Recompsnce to be made to tithe owners, and tenants for life, &c.

Hosted by



1794*1 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 84.	701

propriated fliall be fituate, and (hall be final and conclusive to all intents and purpofes whatfoeVer againff all and every the laid owners or proprietors, and occupiers and tenants refpedlively, their refpedtive heirs, fuccefl’ors, executors, adminiffrators, and affigns, and all and every other person or persons whomfoever.

VII.	And for fummoning and returning fuch juries, be it fur- Feoffees may ther enabled, That fuch feoffee or feoffees may iffue their warrant ^ntsYo^he or warrants to the flieriff of the county wherein fuch lands (hall fjierjfpto re. be fituate, requiring him to impannel, fummon, and return, an turn juries* indifferent jury or indifferent juries, each confiding of twenty- See. four persons qualified to ferve upon juries, to appear before the faid feoffee or feoffees, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant or warrants fliall be appointed ; and the faid fheriff, or his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, fummon, and return, fuch number of persons accordingly, and out of the persons fo fummoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of fuch of them as fliall appear upon fuch fummons, the faid feoffee or feoffees fliall, and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by ballot, and to fwear, or caufe to be fworn, twelve men upon each fych jury; and in default of a fuf-ficient number of jurymen fo returned, the laid flieriff or his deputy or deputies, fliall take fuch other honeff and indifferent men of the bye-danders, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend that fervice, to make up the number of twelve upon each fuch jury; and all persons concerned fliall have their lawful challenges againff: any of the faid jurymen when they come to be fworn; and the faid feoffee or feoffees fliall have power, from and mayim-time to time, to impofe and levy, by diftrefs and fale of the goods P0^ ^e^or and chattels of every offender, by warrant under his or their hands neg e 9 c* or feals, a fine or fines upon fuch flieriff, or his deputy or deputies making default in the premifes, and on any of the persons who (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury or juries, and who fliall not appear, or appearing fliall refufe to be fworn, or being fworn, fliall refufe to give, or fliall not give a verdidt, or fliall in any other manner wilfully negledl his or their duty therein, and alfo on any persons who, being fummoned and required to give evidence before the faid jury or juries, (hall refufe or negledt to appear, or appearing fliall refufe to be fworn or to give evidence, fo that no ifuch fine be more than ten pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, on any one person for one offence.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe any fuch jury By whom ex. fliall give in and deliver a verdicl for more money as the amount Pences of fuch value or inereafe in value as aforefaid, than what fliall	°

have been paid into the bank of England, for the ufe of the faid owners or proprietors, or fliall give in and deliver a verdidt for more money as the values of the right and intereft of fuch tithe owners, occupiers, or tenants refpedtively, in the faid ground and premifes, than what fliall have been offered for the pur-chafe thereof, the cofts and expences of fummoning and maintaining the jury and witnefles fliall in each cafe in which fuch greater fum of money (hall be given in by fuch jury, be borne

Z z 3	and

On payment of purchafe money, «$:c. ground may be entered, upon.

and paid by the fa id feoffee or feoffees ; but if fueh jury fhall in euhcr or both of the faid cafes give in and deliver a verdidl* or verdidts refpedtively, for no more or for lefs money than the money which fhall have been refpedtively paid in or offered by fueh feoffee or feoffees, then the cofts and expenees attending fuch verdidt or verdidts, wherein no more or lefs money fhall be given in than as aforefaid, together with the cofts of the wit-neffes refpedtively fummoned therein, fliall be borne and paid by the refpedtive persons who gave occaflon to fuch controverfy or difpute in which fuch verdict or verdidts, for fuch fmaller fum or fums of money, was or were given in as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That upon payment of the money fo ordered to be paid as a compenfation or recoinpence to fuch occupiers, being tenants for terms of years, or tenants from year to year, or at will refpedtively, for his and their right and intereft, or rights and interefts, in the laid ground and premifes, or upon refufal to receive the fame, leaving the fame in the hands of the clerk of the peace of the county wherein the pre-mifes fhall be fituate, for the ufe of the persons or parties entitled thereto, and upon payment into the faid bank of England of the money by the faid feoffee or feoffees for the purchafe of the fee ftmpie and inheritance of the faid piece or pieces of ground, or fuch price in refpedt thereof as {hall be affeffed by fuch jury or juries by virtue of this adt, to and for the ufe of the persons or parties entitled thereto, it fliall be lawful for the faid feoffee or feoffees, his or their workmen or agents, to enter upon and take poffeffion of the faid piece or pieces of ground, and every part thereof, for the ufes and purpofes of this adt; and thereupon all fuch persons and parties as aforefaid, owners, occupiers, and tenants refpedtively, fliall be divefted of all right and title, pof-

feffion and claim, of or to the laid piece or pieces of ground, and every part thereof.

^end\o° X. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing hoiiies &c.	in a^c confined {hall extend to compel the faleof any ground

with a houfe or other building bona fide intended for the purpofes of habitation upon it, or of any park, paddock, orchard, or other ground, inclofed for the immediate convenience of any houfe or of the offices belonging thereto, or any ground improved as pleafure ground, or planted with wood, or any inclofed ground immediately adjoining to any houfe, park, paddock, garden, orchard, yard, or pleafure ground, and occupied therewith, or any ground between any houfe and any park, paddock, yard, offices, garden, orchard, or pleafure grouud, belonging to fuch houfe and occupied therewith.

Limitation of XI. And be it further enadted, That if any adtion or fuit fhall Actions. be brought or commenced againft any person or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, every fuch adtion or fuit fliall. be broughtor commenced within fix calendar months next after the fadt committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid and tried in the county oMiddlefiex, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion or fuit fliall and may plead

the

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 85*	7°.?

the general iffue, and give this a£l, and the fpecial matter In General ifiue4 evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this ad ; and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adion or fuit fhall be brought after the time fo limited for bringing the fame, or in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, the jury ihail find for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff* or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit, or fuffer a dif-continuance of his, her, or their adion or fuit, after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or, if a verdict fhall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, or other-wife, judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts, and fhall have Treble colts, fuch fecurity for the fame as any defendant hath for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

CAP. LXXXV.

An ad to remove certain difficulties in the execution of the powers veiled in the commiffioners appointed by two ads, palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of the rc-igiv of King George the Firlt, for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampon to Peterborough, navigable, fo far as the fame relate

to the navigation between Peterborough and Thrapfton Bridge.--

[April 17, 1794.]

Recites private ad 13 Anne, No. 7. and 11 Geo. 1. c. 19. Nine commiffioners may execute this and former ads. Former ads to be carried into execution, except where altered by this adr Meetings of commiffioners. Occafional meetings by five commiffioners on 14 days notice. Commit-fioners to examine witnefies on oath. Commiffioners may appoint a clerk and overleers. The clerk to be paid by the proprietors of the navigation. Overfeers to keep accounts, and be paid by the proprietors of the navigation. Recovery of the money from proprietors. Proprietors to acquaint the clerk of their agents. Commiffioners may dired the haling ways to be widened. Overleers to infped the navigation, and afcertain the width of ground necefiary for haling ways, and notify the fame to the proprietors of the navigation. Commiffioners to take returns into confidera-tion, and make orders therein, which being ferved upon the proprietors, ffiall be binding. After making the orders, proprietors to make haling ways. Commiffioners to examine into the value of lands for haling ways. If proprietors of navigation or land owners are diflatisfied with commiffioners determination, $ jury may be fummoned. If persons refute to treat, value to be afeertained by a jury. Jurors and witnefies to be paid* Perfons requiring a jury to give bond to profecute. Twenty pounds penalty on ffieriffs, and five pounds on jurymen and witnefies making default. Recovery of rents. Haling ways to be enlarged where worn down. Haling ways to be marked out. Arches, tunnels, &c. to be made by proprietors. If haling ways are above the proper level, drains to be made through the fame. If proprietors negled: to keep the fame in repair, land owners may repair by order of the commiffioners, and expence to be paid by the proprietors. Land owners may ere61 gates, &c. When locks, Sec. want repairs, proprietors, before they begin, to give notice to tha overfeer. Navigation proprietors to repair injuries to bridges, and to remove gravel, Sec. from the bed of the river. Commiffioners to make enquiry into any negle<5t complained of by land owners. Low Ihots not to be railed higher than ufual. No fialh boards to be put on low Ihots under penalty of 20I. Overfeers to examine low Ihots. Low Ihots may be widened. Commiffioners to have like powers over adjoining ftreams, &c. as commiffioners of fewers. When works want repair fo as to flop navigation, 40 days notice to be given in the newfpapers. The water may be

Z z 4	diverted

 

7°4

Anno regni tricesimo. quarto Georgii TIL c. 86. [179,4.

diverted from mill jflreams for building or repairing any mill. Perfons having the care of boats not to trcfpafs upon the adjoining lands. Mailers or owners of bpats anfwerable for damages by their fervants. Commif-fioners may alter or repeal bye Jaws. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in diftrels to recover only the fpecial damage. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General iffiic. Treble colts. Publick abt.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An abt for making and maintaining a navigable canal, with certain rail ways, and ftohe roads, from feveral collieries, in the county of Somer-fet, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon canal, in the pirifli of Bradford, in the county of Wilts.—[April 17, 1794.]

Proprietors incorporated by the name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Somerfetfhire Coal Canal Navigation.’5 Company not to be compelled ’* to make rail roads, until lecurity be given to produce a certain tonnage, Sec. When rail roads are made to accommodate coal works, one third of the expence thereof, in cafe cf failure of tonnage, to be fettled by the com-miflioners. Perfons opening new coal works, may make rail roads, which are to be paid for by the company, when the fame {hall produce a fuffici-ent tonnage. Power to make tunnels to coal works inftead of rail roads. Power to make inclined planes, Sec. Houles, &c. not to be taken or injured, except fuch as arc named in the fchedule to the abt. Plan and book of reference to remain with the clerks of the peace for the counties of Somerset and Wilts. Power to deviate one hundred yards frqm the line of the canal. Power to deviate the line near Mitford bridge, ' Not to vary the line of the canal through the lands of hr Hugh Smith baronet, at Foxcote, H. W. Portman efq; John Smith efq; and the Rev. Francis Me rewether, without content. Reftribticns as to the tunnel to be made through tire laft mentioned lands. Land owners omitted in the book of reference through miftake not to obilruct. Width of the canal and towing paths to be 30 yards. When roads are injured' others to be made. Bodies politick, &c. empowered to fell and convey lands. Commiflioners to determine the recompence for lands and damages, and if parties are difiatisfied, a jury may be fummened. Meeting of commilhoners to be publick, and fourteen days notice to be given thereof. General meeting of * ommiffioners how to be called. Meeting of commihioners may be called notwithftand-jng the adjournment of a general meeting. Meetings for determining dif-putes to be held at Bath, or within eight miles of the place where the difpute lhall arife. 20I penalty on fieri Its, and 5I. on jurymen making default. Expence cf commifiioncrs and jury how to be paid. Three months notice of injury to be"given to the company before complaint made to the commiflioners. . Proceedings of commiflioners to be entered in a book, and a clerk appointed. On payment of purchafe money, or giving fecurity for annual rent, the company may enter lands, and proceed with their works. Determinations of corn mifloners, and verdibts of juries, to be recorded. Satisfaction to be made for tithes. Purchase money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid but in other lands, and fettled to the fame ufes. Commiflioners may fettle the proportion of purchafe' money. The company may pay purchafe money to mortgagees if required. Monies a felled for damages howto be recovered. Annual rents to be paid for lands, are to be charged on the rates and tolls. Coals, 'See. found in digging the canal to be laid upbn the land adjoining for the benefit of owners, unlefs wanted by the company. If mines near the canal are worked contrary to the act, the company may enter and fecure the canal at the expence of the owner of the mine. Millers to put up or down, doughs or fluices when required by the company. Company1’ compelled to purchafe mills that may be injured, or to alter and improve the fame. Towing paths, Sec. to be fenced off from adjoining lands, and bridges to be erebted by the company. Company to fecure a fufficient fupply of water to dwelling houfes, and for watering cattle. In cafe of failure to fence off towing p'ths, and make bridges, Sec. owners of lands may do ft at the company’s expence. Owners or occupiers may erebt bridges,

Hosted by Gdogle

3 794*3 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 86.

See. at their own expence, if not fatisfied with thcrfe erected by the company. Owners of lands may make fide cuts through their own lands. The company to make and cleanfe drains, and to convey water from adjoining lands. Company may cleanfe adjoining ditches and drains at the ex-pence of owners if negleCted by them. Company to repair damages done by floods. Proprietors to have water raifed by (team engines. Power to take water out of canal for working fteam engines. Regulation with re-fpedt to water at Camerton, See. Company retrained from diverting water to the injury of wheels or fteam engines. ReftriCtion for fecurity of owners of mills, water wheels and fteam engines. Engineers to be appointed for fixing gauges. Canal to be fo made as to communicate with the Kennet and Avon canal on a dead level. Proprietors may raife 8o,oook at iool. a fhare, and to be divided into 800 (hares, and deemed perfonal eftate. Names of proprietors, and the numbers of their fhares to be entered in a book, and tickets with the fame numbers delivered to them. Subscribers to be deemed proprietors, and have a vote for every fhare. Votes may be given by proxy. Queftions to be decided by a majority of votes, and the chairman to have the calling vote. Five pounds per cent, per annum intereft to be paid until the canal is completed. Company may borrow on mortgage 40,000k more if neceflary. Mortgages may be transferred. Mortgages may be redeemed or called in upon fix months notice-. Intereft of mortgages to be paid before dividends. Firft general aflembly of proprietors to be held at Bath on June 3, 1794, and the firft WednTday in June and December yearly, and a committee to be chofen. Officers to be appointed. General aflemblies may audit and fettle accounts, and treafurers accounts to be fettled every three months. General alfemblies or committees may make calls. General aflembly may remove committee men and make bye laws. General aflembly not to choofe committee, unlels there are prefent 400 and 10 votes. Committee to manage the navigation, and no bufinefs to be done at any meeting of committee iinlefs five members prefent. Committee of management may appoint a fub-committee. Special aflemblies may be called. Committees fubjeCt to the controul of the aflemblies. Proprietors to pay their (hares or the money called for at the time and place appointed, or in default, to be recovered by aCtion. Shares not to be forfeited without notice. Shares may be fold. Clerk of the company to keep an account of the names and proceedings of proprietors, and proprietors may infpeCt the fame. Rates of tonnage. For all coal, culm, and coak conveyed upon the canal, ad. aq. per ton per mile. For all iron (tone, iron ore, lead ore, calamine, and other minerals, iron, lead, and cinders, conveyed upon the canal or rail ways, &c. 4-d. per ton per mile. For all lime, lime (tone, freeftone, tiles, (late, gravel, bricks, timber, (tones, clay and fand, 3d. per ton per mile. For all cattle, (heep, &c. 4d. per ton per mile. , And for all other goods, wares, &c. 4d. per ton per mile. Canal and vail ways to be meafured, and (tones fet up every half mile. Exemption from-tonnage for coals and coak palling on rail ways. Company empowered to take tolls for horfes and cattle pafling on rail ways, except fuch as are going from field to field. For every horfe, mare, &c. id. For all cows or cattle, aq. And for all (heep, fwine, and calves, 3d. per fcore. Tolls payable but once a day. Five pounds per cent, of the clear profits to be inverted in government fecurities as a fund for repairs until the fame (hall amount to 1000I. Tonnage on coals, when more then iol. per cent, is cleared, to be reduced from 2d. aq. per ton per mile to ad. Further allowance for goods remaining upon wharfs above 14 days. Company to fix the price of carriage of parcels not exceeding 500 pounds weight. Rates and tolls how to be recovered. Company to be rated for lands in proportion as adjoining lands. Matters of boats, See. to give an account of the lading to the collectors. In cafe of difference about the weight of goods, collectors may ftop and weigh them. Navigation and rail ways to be free on payment of rates and tolls. Company may vary the rates and tolls. Company empowered to leafe the rates and tolls. The names of the owners of boats and carriages to be painted on the outfide. Boats may be gauged when required. Owners of boats an-fvVerable.for damages done by their fervants. No carriages to pafs on

rail

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

Anno regn; tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. [1794.

rail ways, or boats on the canal, unlefs conftructed as direded by the company. Places to be made tor boats to turn and pals each other. Regulations for boats palling locks. *.ock keepers not to give undue preference to boats. Boats not to pals locks without paying for 20 tons burthen. Boats obftruding the navigation to be removed, and boats funk to be weighed up. Five pounds penalty on persons taking in or unloading goods unlefs at a publick wharf,. or leaving fvvivel or draw bridges open, or obftruding the navigation, or throwing ballaft or rubbilh into the canal, or opening locks, &c. Perfons wilfully damaging the canal may be punifiled as felons, or pay treble the value of the damage done. Owners of mines, ironworks, &c. (except coal) may make rail ways, if the company refufe, on any lands with confent of the owner. Perfons delirous of a rail way or carriage way, may agree for the fame with the company. Lords of manors, and land owners may ered wharfs on their lands, and if they refufe, on twelve months notice, the company may ered the tame. Regulations refpediug private wharfs. Majority of proprietors may apply to parliament to extend or vary the line. Rights of fifhery referved to lords of manors, &c. To compel payment of fub-feriptions. Owners and occupiers or lands may ule pleafure and husbandry boats free of rates. Proprietors to appoint an agent on whom writs, &c. may be ferved. Appeals. Limitation of adions. General ilVue. Treble coifs. Pubiick ad.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An ad for extending and improving the Birmingham canal navigations.

Ads 8 Geo. 3. c. 38. 9 Geo. 3. c. 53. 23 Geo. 3. c. 93. and 24 Geo. 3. lelT. 3. c. 4. recited.	Not to take down houfes, &c.

without confent of owners. The name of the company to be changed to u The Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations.”' Appointing commiffioners to fettle difputes between the company and land owners, refpeding lands to be taken for this canal and cuts. Canal to be made purfuant to plans and books of reference. Not to deviate from the line laid down on the plans. No water to be taken from certain fprings, brooks, &c. Rates of tonnage. For coal, coak, lime ftone, iron ftone, and other minerals navigated upon- the intended canal, between the jundion at Broadwater and the termination at Wal-lall, 3d. a ton. For goods, wares, and lime, id. 2q, per ton. For coal, corik, lime, goods, wares, and all things navigated upon the intended canal, from Bloomfield to Deeplield, the fame rates (according to dif-tance) as are by the recited ads authorifed to be taken. Rates may be reduced. For making recompence for tithes. Company’s lands to be rated in proportion to lands adjoining. Expences of this ad to be paid by the company. For making cuts to communicate with the canals. The canal from Broadwaters to Walfall to be made within three years from puling this ad. The company to receive id. per ton for all goods, &c. navigated upon the intended canal from Broadwaters to Walfall, and to reimburle to the fubferibers the expence attending an application to par-3lament for making the canal from Broadwaters to Walfall. Company to keep ftparate accounts of the additional tonnage. For regulating tonnages on merchandize palling from the Dudley canal into the Birmingham canal at Tipton. Company empowered to borrow 45,000k on the credit or all their canals. Company to affix their common feal to any petition to parliament. For appointing a treafurer to receive the money paid under 23 Geo. 3. c. 93. for making a canal on the lower level. Sub-feribers may nominate a committee to pay debts, and to diftribute the i eft of the money. The committee may fell the money fo fecured, to be paid to them by the did ad, if they'think proper. The trealurer to ac-■4:cu'nt with the committee. Publick ad.

CAP.

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii Ilf. c. 38, 89. CAP. LXXXVIII.

An ad for taking down and rebuilding the parifh church of Saint Aik-mond, in the town of Shrewfbury, in the county of Salop.—[April 17,

1794-j

Truftees appointed. Firft meeting of truftees to be at Shrewfbury, within one month after palling this ad. Truftees at meetings to pay their own expences. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Truftees ill all lue, and be fued, in the name of their clerk. Truftees to appoint a treafurer, clerk, &c. and may allow them Hilaries. The prefent church to be taken down, and a new one built on the fame feite. Truftees may make contracts for buildings, Sec. in writing, and the church to be completed in three years. Rights of the vicar, and rights of prefentation, preferved.

Church vefted in truftees until purpofes of the ad completed. Pews to be allotted for the mayor and corporation of Shrewfbury, the vicar, churchwardens, and overfeers, and the lay impropriators of the tithes, and Thomas Jones, efquire. Owner of two freehold pews, and all other pews, to be let by audion. Owners of freehold feats to pay for building them, or forfeit their feats. Monuments, Ac. to be taken down. Mural monuments only to be placed in the new church. No burials m the new church. Rents, &c. of property belonging to the church, and rates and duties for burials, Sec. to be applied to the ufe of the church. Lay impropriators, and vicar, to pay four hundred pounds in lieu of their tithes being rated. A rate, not exceeding one {billing and fixpence in the pound, to make good deficiencies. Tenants to pay rates. Truftees authorifed to make an afitflment on houfes, See. not rated to the poor. Payment of bates not to entitle any person to a fettlement. Churchwardens, and over- ' feers of the poor, to account, and pay the money in their hands, to the truftees. Truftees may borrow three thoufand pounds. Mortgagees, giving notice, to have their money, and not receiving it, fhall have five pounds per cent. Truftees may compound for penalties contained in any contract. Money advanced, for the palling of this aCt, to be repud with jntereft. Divine fervice to be performed in the churches of Saint Chadd,

Saint Mary, Saint Julian, and Holy Crofs, Shrewfbury, until the new church is completed. After church completed, tithes to be di [charged from repair. Saving ecclelialtical rights, Scc. General appeal. Limitation of actions. General ilTue. Treble cofts. Publick aCt.

CAP. LXXXIX. .

An a (ft for paving the footways in the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks; for better cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets. lanes, pafiages, and places, in the faid town; for removing and preventing encroachments, obftruCtions, nuifances, and annoyances therein; and forotherwife improving the faid town.— [April 17, 1794.}

Commifiioners names. Suits may be brought in the name of the treafurer,

Ac. and inhabitants may be witnefTes. Firft meeting of commifiioners on May 7, 1794. Commifiioners to pay their own expences. Chairman to be appointed, who is to have a calling vote. Manner- of revoking orders. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Commifiioners may appoint officers, who are to give lecurity, and account. Treafurer to pals his accounts once a year. Rates. Houfes, from five to ten pounds a year rent, to pay lixpence in the pound, and all above, one [hilling in the pound. Exemptions. No premifes of lefs value than five pounds a year to be charged. Landlord to be charged for houfes Jet in feparate apartments. Houfes to be aflefted according to the poor’s rate. Rates to be allowed and ligned by the commifiioners. Collectors of rates to be appointed. Mode of recovering rates. Rates to be apportioned between occupiers, on a change of pofleffion. Commiftioners may borrow two thoufand pounds, and mortgage the rates. Lamps, pavements, Sec. vefted in commifiioners.

Power to take up foot pavements, and to pave footways, Ac. Ten find-

lings

 

Anno regrri tricesimo quarto Georgii III. 0.9-0. [1794.

Bugs penalty for obfcru&ing the furveyor or workmen. Form of the pavement not to be altered without the confent of commiftioners. Commif-iSoiiers may make contra As for paving, Sec. Obligations by cuftom or prefeription to repair footways abolilhed. Lamp irons to be fixed, &c. Foot paths to be daily fwept by inhabitants. Scavenger once a week to take away afhes, &c. and clean the ftreets. No person to carry away afhes, See, but the icavenger. Referving a right to the inhabitants to* dcfpofe of their aides, Sec. Commiftioners may compound with inhabitants for fweeping before houfes. Five fhillings penalty for driving waggons cm footways, or leaving carriages in the ftreets, &c. Privies to be emptied between eleven o’clock at night and four in the morning. For removing annoyances. No bulk, &c. to be made within one foot of the pavement. Power to make or alter gutters, See. For protection of footways- dtiring fairs and markets. Commiftioners not to alter the places Tiled fesr fairs or markets. Power to pur chafe buildings for widening* ftireets. Expences of taking up pavement, to repair water pipes, Sec. to be reknburfed. Watchmen may be appointed. Appeal. Mode of recovering penalties, Sec. Penalties to be fued for in three months.. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Double cofts. Saving the rights of the corporation of Abingdon, and others, to prevent nuifances* Pubiick

CAP. XC.

An a£t for making a navigable canal from the river Ken-net, at or near the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks, to the river Avon, at or near the city of Bath 5 and alfo certain navigable cuts therein deferibed.—> [April 17, 1794 ]

Proprietor’s names. Incorporated by tile name of u The Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation.” Company to make canal. Power to make inclined planes, Sec. No refervoir or engine to be made below Great Bedwin. Reftribtion as to Mrs. Popham’s and Mrs. Shaw’s land’s, and getting ftone in Mr. A lion’s lands. Houfes, gardens, Sec. not to be injured. No water to be taken from certain brooks. Marnier of carrying off the wafte water at the head level. Water fecured to Mrs. Popham’s lands. Manner of afeertaining the quantity of water to he taken from Oakhill mill ftream. Reftriftion as to the water of the Kennet. The canal to crofs the river Kennet. Refervoir to be made for imp plying. Devices'. Plans and books of reference to remain with clerks of the peace. Louvfe of the canal in lord Craven’s lands. Courfe of the canal in the lands of Mrs. Shaw, Mr. Craven, Mrs. Popham, Saint John’s College, Cambridge, Mr. Pkrrepont, and Mr. Allen. The compenfation for lands and damages in Mr. Allen’s eftate to be afeertained by Mr. Woodcock. Company to eredt a dwelling houfe, See. at Bath Eafton Mill, before they cut through Mr. Bilhop’s lands. Nothing to be done in the lands of Oriel College without confent. Courfe of the towing path in Bath Hampton, Bath wick, and Lineombe. Protection of Lady Bath’s wharf. Canal and towing path to be thirty yards wide. Where roads are injured, others to be made. Small pieces of land cut off to be pnreha-fed by the company if required. Bodies politick, Sec. empowered to fell and convey lands for the canal. Commiftioners appointed for fettling differences. Meetings of commiftioners to be pubiick, and fourteen days notice to be given thereof. General meetings of commiftioners how to be called. Meetings of commiftioners to be held within ten miles of the place in difpute. Commiftioners to determine what money or annual rent the company fhall pay for the purchafe of lands, and what fums they fliall pay for damages. If the parties refute to fubmit to determination of commif-Soners, a jury may be fummoned. Purchafe money and damages may be afeertained by a trial at law. Lands may be entered before trial had. Ex peaces of commiftioners and jury, by whom to be borne. Notice of injury or damage to be given to the company before complaint made to the commiftioners. What fatisfaftion to be made for tithes. Proceedings of commiftioners to be entered in a book, and a clerk appointed. On payment of purchafe money, the company may enter and proceed with their works. Determinations of commiftioners, and verdids of juries,'to

be

 

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii til. c. 90.

be recorded. Purchafe money to be laid out in other lands, and fettled! to the fame ufes. Commiffioners.to fettle proportions of purchafe mojaegr where different interefts. Money to be paid lor damages, how to be recovered. Annual rents to be paid for lands charged on tire rates. Millers to put up or down doughs when required by the company. Mills injured iby the navigation to be purchafed by the company, if fo required by the owners. Prote&ion of the mills on the river Avon. Amount of purchafe money and damages may be referred to arbitrators. Amount of purchafe money and damages in the parifhes of Burbage, and Saint John the Bap-lift, in Devizes, may be referred to Mr. Davis of Longleate. Canal to -be made in Mrs. Wroughton's efcate as directed by Thomas Stanley, efquir.e. Land of Mr. Bythefea to be taken as directed by fir Benjamin Ham met and John Rennie. Towing paths, &c. to be fenced off from adjoining lands-Gates and ftiles to be ere&ed on towing paths, &c. and bridges, See. to.be ereded by the company. Directions for rebuilding- Newbury bridge, -if taken down. Company to make bridges in the eltate of Saint John's College. In cafe of failure to fence off towing paths, and make bridges* Sec. owners of lands adjoining may do it at the comp ;ny's expence. The company to make watering places for cattle, and to make hatches, &c. for conveying and fecuring water, for watering farms or grounds. Owners* and occupiers of lands may erect bridges, Sec. at their own expence, if not fatisfied with thofe eroded by the company. Company to fpread and level clay, gravel, rubbifh, See. on adjoining 1 mds. The company to puddle the fides of the canal, and raife the banks thereof in Bath wick, to prevent damage by floods. Company to make drains, See. to convey water from adjoining lands. Company may cleamfe adjoining ditches and drains at the expence of owners, if neglcded by them. For repairing damages occafioned by floods, and preventing further damage from the fame. The company may raife 420,000!. to be divided into three thouland five hundred fhares, which may be fubdivided into half fhares. Shares to be por-fonal eftate. Names of proprietors, and the numbers of their (hares to be entered in a book, and tickets with the fame numbers delivered to them. If the 420,000k be not fufneient, the company may raile 150,000!. mors among themlelves, or by mortgage. Proprietors to be paid five pounds •per cent, intereft until navigation completed. Intereft of mortgages to he firft paid. Proprietors to have a vote for every fhare. All queftions to rbc determined by a majority, and a chairman appointed, who fhall have a casing vote. The affairs of the company to be managed by a committee of twenty-four proprietors, who are to meet at Marlborough the fecorad. Tuefday after their election, and four general quarterly meetings in September, December, March, and June, yearly. Committee to elect & chairman, and not lefs than five pertbns to do bufinefs. Committee to appoint a general meeting of proprietors, for electing a treat urer, who is lvo> give fecurity. Committee may appoint officers, and audit their accounts. Committee-may make calls for money, and purchafe lands, See. and generally manage the bufinefs of the company. Committee may appoint Subcommittees, with power to make contracts, See- Committees to enter their proceedings in a bock, and their expences to be defrayed by the company. Money not to be iffued by the treafurerr without an order of the committee. Sub-committees to make reports of their proceedings to tfee committee. Committee may make bye laws. Committee may call fpecial meetings of proprietors at large. Proprietors to pay their fhares of the money called for at the place appointed, and if calls not anfwered in one month, fliares to be forleited, but not without notice. In cafe of death of fubferibers before the fubferiptions are completed, executors may complete the fame. Shares may be fold. Rites of tonnage and wharfage. For all hay, ftraw, dung, peat, and peat allies, and allies for manure, ami chalk, marie, clay, and land, and lime for manure, and all other manure and materials for the repair of roads, one penny per ton per mile. For aUS. coals, culm, coke, cinders, charcoal, iron Hone, pig iron, iron ore, copper ore, lead ore, lime, (except for manure) lime Hone, and other Hone, bricks and tiles, one penny halfpenny per ton per mile. For ail corn, flour* malt, meal, timber, bar iron, and lead, (except corn, &c. carried we ft wards on the canal between Devizes and Bath) two-pence per ton per mile. For

cons*

 

Anno regni tricesimo quarto GRorgii III. c. 91, 92. [1754.

corn, flour, malt, and meal^ carried from Devizes to Bath, three.(hillings per ton. For corn, &c. carried weftwards between Devizes and Bath, one

Eenny halfpenny per toft per mile. And for all other goods two-pence alfpenny per ton per mile. Veflels laden with hay, ftraw, or corn, &c. not to pafs locks, except the water flows over the waite wier. Forty cubic feet of round, or fifty of fquare oak, afh, elm, or beech timber, and fifty cubic feet of fir, or deal, poplar, or birch, not cut into fcantlings, and fixty cubic feet of light goods, fhall be deemed a ton Weight. Rates how to be recovered. The rates not taxable but when the company make a dividend of five per cent. Mafters of boats, See. to give an account in writing of the goods on board to the collectors of the tolls, on penalty of forty fhillings. .In cafe of diipute collectors mfty flop goods and weigh them. Navigation to be free on payment of the tolls. Committee may from time to time vary the tolls. Amount of clear profits of the intended navigation, how to be afeertained. Canal to be meafured, and ftones ereCted every half mile. Navigation not to be fubjeCt to commi-ffioners of fewers. Names of the owners of boats, Sec. to be painted on the outfide. Boats, &c. to be gauged when required by the company. Owners of boats anfwerable for damages done by their beats, horfes, or fervants. Places to be made for boats to turn and pafs each other. Regulations for boats in palling locks. Boats under 20 tons not to pafs locks without paying for that burthen. Two boats may pafs locks together in certain cafes. Boats, &c. obftruCting the navigation to be removed. Five pounds penalty for unloading goods, un-lefs at a publick wharf, or leaving open draw bridges, Sec. or floating timber on the canal, or obftruCting the navigation, &c. ReftriCtion refpeCt-mg making wharfs at Devizes, Arbitrators to determine the compenfation to be made to the inhabitants of Marlborough for any lofs they may fuftain. Company not to make a cut through the eftates of lady Jones and Mrs. Popbam. Lords of manors and others may ereCt wharfs on their own lands; but if they refufe after twelve months notice the company may ereCt the fame. Regulations refpeCting private wharfs. Right ot fifhery referved to lords of manors, Sec. Owners and occupiers of lands may ufe pleafure and hufbandry boats free of rates. Remedy for damages not before provided for. Lands taken and not ufed by the company to be re-conveyed to the original owners, in cafe they think proper to become the purchafers thereof. To compel payment of lubfcriptions. Power for a majority of a fpeciai meeting of proprietors, to apply to parliament for powers to raife more money, if wanted, and for other purpofes. For fufpending the p6 wer given by this aCt fo far as relates to the cuts to Caine and Chippenham. Company to be deemed contenting to certain communications with the canal. The canal if not completed from Newbury to Bath within twelve years, not to be ufed for twenty miles weftward of Newbury until completed. Recovery of penalties. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick aCt.

CAP. XCI.

An a<ft to continue the term and enlarge the powers of two aCts, made in the feventeenjh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and life feventhyear of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or a fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint ot ale and beer, which fhall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of Borrowftounnefs and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, and for extending the fame over the parilh of Borrowftounnefs ; for repairing the harbour of

the faid town, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.-[May 9,

*794-]

CAP. XCII.

An a6f for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Wifbeach river, at or near a place called the Old Sluice, in the town of Wifbeach, in the ifle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, to join the river Nene, in the parilh of Outwell, in the faid ifle of Ely, and in the county of Norfolk,

U	and

1794*] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. 0,92*

arid (or improving and maintaining the navigation of the laid river, truss

Outwell Church to Salter’s Load Sluice.—[May 9, 1794.]

Proprietors names. Incorporated by the name of “ The Wifoeach Cana! Company/7 Commiffioners appointed for fettling differences. No pro-prietor, or person interefted in the navigation, to aeft as a commiffioner. Commiffioners to be allowed feven {hillings and fixpence apiece each meeting. Commiffioners at their-fil'd meeting to ap}X)int a clerk, and their proceedings to be entered in a book. Meetings to be publick, and all orders to be made by a majority. Five commiffioners to confti-tute a meeting, and all meetings to be within ten miles of the canal. Com--miffioriers may fummon and examine witnefles on oath. Commiffioners’ adjudications to be put into writing, and (jgned and fealed by three of them. Map and book of reference to remain with clerks of the peace. Width of canal and towing paths to be twenty yards. Not to injure any houfe, garden, &c. For removing the cottages, See. on the old river. Power for the biflaop of Fly to grant out parcels of the wafte. For enabling dilqualified persons to fell or exchange lands, See. Company obliged to purchafe fmall parcels of land feparated in making canal. Satisfaction to be made in grofs fums, or by rents. Copyhold rights to be preferved. Compenfatiorl to be made for tithes. Commiffioners to fettle damages. Commiffioners to fettle the proportions to be paid to persons having only partial intereft in eftates fold. If parties are diffiatisfied with the determination of the commiffioners, the value to be afeertained by a jury. Verdict for value oflands and damages to be afeertained feparately. Verdicts to be recorded. Perfons requefting juries to enter into bonds to profe-cute. Notice of injury to be given to the company before complaint to the commiffioners. Damages how to be recovered. Purchafe money belonging to corporations,. &c. to be laid out to the fame ufes. Power to enter and take poffeffion oflands, See. on payment or tender of purchafe? money. Proprietors may raife fourteen thoufand pounds, to be divided into (hares of one hundred and five pounds each. Shares deemed perfo-nal property. Company may raife fix thoufand pounds more, by contribution or mortgage. Tickets of (hares to be delivered to the proprietors. Five per cent, intereft to be paid until the canal is fmiihed. A general a (Terribly to be held the fecond Friday in May, annually, and the chairman to have the calling vote. If proprietors of feventy (hares not prefent at general affiemblies, no bufinels to be done. General affiembly to choofe & committee, and appoint a treafurer and other officers, and power to make bye laws. For calling fpecial general affiemblies. Duty of the clerk. Committee to meet. The chairman of the committee to have a calling vote. Committee to make calls of money. On the death of fubferibers before (hares completed, executors may complete the fame. Shares may be fold. For compelling payment of fubferiptions. Rates or tonnage and wharfage. For every chaldron of coals, hundred of battens, halt hundred of (ingle deals, quarter of an hundred of double deals, a load of iir timber, fifty cubic feet to the load, and all other timber, forty cubic Teet to the load, every four packs of wool, reckoning ten tod to each pack, every five quarters of oats, rye, grafs, and hay feeds, barley, big, and malt, a load of turf, reed, (edge, hay, flax, or hemp, reckoning twenty hundred weight to the load, every five hundred pan tiles, thoufand fiat tiles, or five hundred bricks, twenty cubic feet of (lone, every pipe* butt, puncheon, or piece of wine, or fpirituous liquors, fix facks of flour, weighing twenty (tones each lack, five barrels of ale, beer, or porter, of thirty-fix gallons each, and every chaldron of lime, forty bufliels to the chaldron, one (hilling each. For every five quarters of wheat, barley, muftard feed, hemp feed, rape feed, Imd feed, rye, peas, or beans, one drilling and fixpence. And for every ton weight of all other goods, one (hilling. Recovery of rates. Exemptions from rates. Allowing land owners to carry manure toll free. Power for land owners to ufe pleafure boats. Company empowered to leafe the rates. Mailers of boats to give an account of their lading. Collectors may weigh and mealure veil'ds and goods. Preventing boats laden with corn going to Lynn or Wifbeach being (topped by the collectors of the toll. Power to fix the price of fmall

 

712

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii IIT. g. 93. [1794.

parcels. Navigation to be free upon payment of rates. Mailers of veffels to be accountable for damages done by boatmen. Places to be made for boats to turn or lie in. Veffels obftrutfting the navigation to be removed, and veffels funk to be weighed up. Five pounds penalty on persons overloading or obftru&ing the palfageofthe canal. Deftroying the works, felony. Regulations of veffels palfing locks. Lock keepers not to give undue preference. Veffels paffing locks with lefs than three tons, to pay for three tons. Boatmen to have tickets delivered on paffing locks, which will entitle them to repafs toll free vvithin a certain time. Boats laden with turf may pafs the look at Outwell, on payment of tonnage for turf only. Pleafure and market boats may pafs through locks tonnage free, in certain cafes. Bridges and tunnels to be made, and a culvert for draining lands in Oldfield, in Elm. No watering places for cattle, or tunnels laid in the canal. Owners of land in Oldfield, in Elm, in Emneth, and Outwell, to lay tunnels for taking in frefh waters. For fencing off towing paths. If the company do not fence off towing paths, and make bridges, \ the land owners may, at the company’s expence. Lords of manors and landowners may erecft wharfs; if not done in fix months, the company may build. Rates for craneage fixpence a ton. Company not to ufe private wharfs. &c. Canal not to be under the power of commiffioners of fewers. Recital of river Nene navigation, add 27 Geo. 2* One hundred pounds per annum to be paid to the Nene commiffioners. Additional toll of three-pence per ton on goods paffing from the river Nene and Well Creek into the Wifbeach canal, if tolls paid at Salter's Load or Stand-ground Sluices to be exempted from further toll. Application of the tolls. Monies advanced by the Wifbeach canal company to be repaid out of the tolls, with intereft. Fund provided for the future prefervation of the river between Outwell and Salter’s Load Sluice, and refidue to be applied in improving the river between Outwell and Standground Sluice. Truftees to be appointed to meet annually. Power of truftees. The company to make locks, pointing and ebb doors at Outwell, Popham’s Eau, and Salter’s Load. Gauges to be fixed thereon by engineers, to be appointed by the Bedford level corporation and the Wifbeach canal company. The locks and doors to be under the direction of a perfon, to be appointed by the Bedford level corporation, but to be ihut when the water fhall fall below the gauge. Authorifing truftees to flop up tunnels in certain cafes.

If waters in the river Nene are above the high water mark, then the company to run them through the canal. Power for company to drain lands through the canal, but not to raife the water in the canal above the foil of the adjacent lands fo as to injure them. Rights of the Bedford level corporation faved. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Appeal. Falfe tefti-money before the commiffioners perjury. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick a (ft.

CAP. XCIII.

An a£t for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the Coventry canal, at or near Marfton Bridge, in the parifh of Bedworth, in the, county of Warwick, to a certain dole in the parifh of Afhby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicefter, and for continuing the fame from thence, in one line, to the lime works at Ticknall, in the county of Derby, and in another line to the lime works at Cloudhill, in the faid county of Leicefter, with certain cuts or branches from the laid canal. —[May 9, 1794.]

Proprietors names. Incorporated by the name of tc The Company of Proprietors of the Affiby de la Zouch Canal.” Not to take any water from the fpring of Penn Afheton, efq; near Gopfal Park. Company to convey the water from the refervoir, in Gopfal Park, to Gopfal Houle, at their own expence. Courfe of the canal through the manor of Gopfal. For deviating the line over Mr. Curzon’s eftate, if-fafe to the guarantee. - Foot bridge to be made over the river Senfe, and the canal at Shackerftone, &c. Courfe of the canal through Mr. Simpfon’s and Mr. Ryder’s eftates. ' Bridge to be made to the coal mines, at Pegg’s Green, Direction of the

to winy

 

1794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 93*	7T3

towing path over certain lands. Not to take any water from Holywell fpring, the fpring in Blackfordby, the fprings in Repton and Tick nail,

Hanlon’s Water I-Ionfe fpring, or Aldercar fpring, in Repton Not to take the water of the rivers Anker, or Meafe, or Bramborough brook.

Power to make rollers, inclined planes, See. Houfes, gardens, Scc, not to be damaged. Gut to be made to earl Ferrer’s lime works, when he fhall require it. Sir Henry Harpur may make a railway. See. from Caulk.

To enable William Abney, efq. tomiake a cut from Heather Colliery into the canal near Shackerfton, and William Fermor, efq. from his coal mines.

For erecting wharfs near Hartfhorne and Green Hills Failure. The canal to be completed to the lime works, in five years. Plans and books of reference made. Canal not to deviate from the courfe laid down in the plan. Breadth of the canal and towing paths to be twenty-four yards.

Bodies politick, See. empowered to fell and convey lands. Satisfaction to be made in grofs, or by annual rent. If parties cannot agree, price of lands,

&c. to be fettled by commiffioners, or a jury. For fettling lpeedy fatif-fadtion, for temporary or occafional damages. Commiffioners. Meetings of commiffioners. Commiffioners to fix the price of lands. If parties diflatisfied with the determination of commiffioners, a jury to be fum-moned. Expence of calling meetings of commiffioners, and of jury and witneffes, to be afeertained by commiffioners. Notice of injury to be given to the company, before complaint to the commiffioners. Perfons giving falfe evidence, liable to perjury. Verdi ft for value of lands and damages, to be afcertained feparately. Determination of commiffioners, and verdicts to be recorded. Money to be paid for damages of any kind, how to be recovered. Annual rents to be paid for lands charged on the tolls and rates, with power for recovering the fame. For preferving copyhold rights. Compenfation to be made for tithes. Truftees appointed for fecuring money, at which land taken on Afnby Woulds fhall be valued, which is to be applied as the lord of the manor, &c. fhall appoint.

Receipts of persons fo appointed, a full di(charge to trultees. Money may be fued for, in cafe of nonpayment. Company may take pofieffion of lands, &c. on payment or tender of purchafe money. Purchafe money of lands, belonging to bodies politick, See, to be laid out to the fame ufes.

Lands not ufed, to be re-conveyed to the original owners. Remedy for damages not before provided for. For levelling the rubbifh, See. thrown on the adjacent lands, and covering it with the foil. Power to take water from mines. Mines referved to lords of manors, and other proprietors. >

Regulations refpebting working of mines under the canal. If mines are worked contrary to the dirt&ions of this ad, the company may enter and \ fecure the canal. Before working mines under the canal, notice to be given to the company. To oblige the proprietors of fire engines, next the canal, to lift their water into the fame. Steam engines may be en ded, but not to damage the canal. Mills injured by the navigation, to be pur-chafed by the company, if fo required by the owner, or othenvife altered and improved. Towing paths to be fenced off from adjoining lands.

Gates and ftiles to be eroded on towing paths, &c. Towing paths to be ufed as a horfeway, See. by the occupiers of lands. Drains, &c. to be made, to convey water from lands adjoining. Canal to be puddled. For letting off wafte water through Melbourne brook into the Trent. Bridges to be make over the canal, in certain grounds. If company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges; See. land owners may do it at the company s exptnee. Bridges not to fall more than one inch in each foot.

Canal not to go over any other of the clofes at Stoke Golding, than thofe particularized in the plan. See. Company to cleanfe the adjoining water courfes, at the land owners expence. Company may raife one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, to be divided into one thoufand five hundred ihares, of one hundred pounds each, and fifty thoufand pounds more, if neceflary, by mortgage. Names of proprietors to be entered in a book, and tickets of their fh ires delivered to them. Five per cent, to be paid to the proprietors until the work is completed, Sufcfcribers to have a vote for every (bare. Firft general affembly to be on July i, 1794, and to meet twice a year, inApiil and O&oUr. Committee to be appointed. General afiembly to ekdt and apooint officers, and take fecurity from them. ..

Vol. XXXIX.	L	A	a	a	No

 

J4 L Anno rcgni tricefirro quarto Georgii III. c. 94. [1794.

No bufinefsto be done at a committee, unlefs five persons prefent. Pow * ers of the committee. Committee may make calls and contra&s. On the death of fubferibers, before (hares completed, executors may complete the fame. Shares may be fold. Rates of tonnage. For coals, lime, and (late, one penny farthing per ton per mile. For iron ftone, ftone, lime (tone, bricks, and tiles, and for cattle, llieep, &c. three farthings per ton per mile. For cotton, wool, and hops, corn, timber* bark, wrought iron, cheefe, and all other articles (except dung, allies, marl, and clay, for manure, gravel, fand, and ftones for roads) two-pence per ton per mile. Exemptions from toll. For afeertaining the tonnage of lime. Matters of boats to give an account in writing to the collectors, of the goods on board. Forty feet of afh, oak, or elm timber, and fifty feet of fir, or deal balk, poplar,-beech, birch, or other wood, to be deemed a ton weight, and one hundred and twenty pounds, averdupoife, (hall be taken for one hundred weight of coal, coak, or lime, and one hundred and twelve pounds weight of all other articles. In cafe of difference concerning the weight of goods, collectors may weigh them. For fettling difputes'concerning wharfage. Power to fix the price of fmall parcels. Rates, tolls, and duties, how to be recovered. Navigation to be free, on payment of tolls. Boats, See. under twenty tons, not to pafs locks without paying for twenty tons. Empty boats, on their return, to be toll free. VefTels lying fo as to obftrudt the navigation to be moored, and veffels funk to be weighed up. To prevent lock keepers giving any preference. Forty /hillings penalty for obftruCting the canal. Five pounds penalty for opening locks, or defacing meafuring ftones. Regulations of veffels palling locks. Swivel and draw bridges to be iliut and fattened after vefTcls have pitted through them. Perfons wilfully damaging the canal, &c. guilty of felony. Lords of manors, and land owners may eredt wharfs, but if not done in twelve months after notice, company may do it. Company not to life piivate wharfs. No building to be erected on the town'ng paths, exc«pt for the navigation. Power for owners cf mines to make rail ways for conveying coals, Sec. to the canal. Matters to put their names on the outfide of boats. Weight of the lading of veffels to be marked. Veffels to be meafured. Boat owners to be accountable for damage done by the crew. Canal not to be under the power of the commiflioners of fewers. Allowing land owners to carry manure toll free. Right of fifhery referred. Power for land owners to ufe pleafure boats. To compel payment of fubferptions. Two thirds of the proprietors may make further applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. For fettling a cempenfation to fir George Beaumont, in refped: of his collieries at Coleorton. Cempenfation to be made to the Coventry canal company. For preventing any diminution of water in the Coventry canal. Toll houfe to be erected for colkdhng rates payable to the Coventry canal company. The lame powers to be applied for enforcing payment or the rates as are given in the Coventry canal a<5t. Power for the Coventry canal company to reduce the rates. Exemptions from the laid rates. Compensation to be made to the Leicester navigation company. Not to take any water which may be wanted to fupply the water levels belonging to the Leicefter canal company. For recovery and application .of fines and forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General iiTue. Treble cofts. Publick a£t.

CAP. XCIV.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from * Leeds to Liverpool, to complete the laid navigation, and to vary the line thereof, and to raife a further furn of money for thofe purpofes ; and for making a navigable branch, therein deferibed, from the intended new line of the faid canal.—[May 9, 1794-]

A<£b 10 Geo. 3. c. 114. 30 Geo. 3. c. 65. 23 Geo. 3. c. 47. Douglas canal made. Power to vary the line of canal. Map and book of reference to remain with the clerk of the peace. Canal not ta be deviated without confeut. Requiring the proprietors of the Lancafter canal to mar out *	the

 

^ 794.3 Anno regni triced mo quarto Georgii III. c. 94.

he line and level where the propofed deviation of the Leeds and Liverpool canal may crofs the fame. Water not to be taken from Bentley Brook fo as to injure Meliks. Peel’s and Co’s, works. Waters in Altham not to be taken. Houfe or wharfs, &c. not to be built in Altham. Water not to be taken from Henburn Hoult Mi]], or any part of Mefirs. Peel’s printing - works. Limitation of cutting the canal through Meffrs. Peel’s printing grounds in Church. Water not to be taken from Mr. NuttalPs mill, or Mr Clayton’s mill. To preferve the water flowing to the archhifiicp of Canterbury’s mill in Blackburn. Water not to be taken from the works of lord Petre, or Meffrs. Haworth’s and Co. To preferve the water flowing to William Griffin’s mill and the works of Meffrs. Ainfworth an 1 fon. Protecting Duxbury mills. To preferve the water flowing to Crofle Hall Mill. Houles, wharfs, Sec. not to be built in certain lands in Chor-ley. To preferve the water flowing to certain mills belonging to Sir Richard Clayton, baronet, and Mr. Standifh. Brooks, &c. belonging to Mr. Blundell, preferved. To preferve the water fupplying a cotton mill in Afpul. Water belonging to the earl of Balcarras or the Lancafter canal, not to be taken. For protecting the ufe of the waters for the Lancaf-ter canal, and providing fatisfaftion in cafe of damage by overflowing, &c.

To fecure the canal from damage. Enabling the reverend Richard Wroe Walton to make a fide cut. How the canal is to be made, and fenced off, in the lands of Meffrs. Ainfworth and fon. Enabling earl Balcarras and Mr. Shuttleworth to make fide cuts. Houfes, gardens, Sec. not to be in-jured. Wood not to be cut down. Breadth of canal and towing path to be twenty-fix yards. Inclined planes, Sec. maybe ufed. Bodies politick, See. empowered to convey lands. Compenfation to be made for tythes. Commifiioners. if parties refufe to fubmit to commifiioners, a jury may be impanntlled. Verdict of jury to be final. Commifiioners to give ten days notice of their meetings. On application, commifiioners to hold meetings. Proceedings of commifiioners to be entered in a book. Expences of commifiioners and jury. Perfons requeuing juries to enter into bond to profreute. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors before complaint to the ccnimifiioners. Manner of making fatisfaftion. for damages done in getting materials. Verdi61 for value of lands, and damages to be afcertained‘l'epsrate. Upon payment or tender of monies, the proprietors to enter, to make canal. VerdiCls to be recorded, and lands veiled in the proprietors. Punch a fe money to be laid out to the fame ufes. Commifiioners to fettle the proportions of money to be paid to the persons interelied. In default of payment, rates liable to damages and coils. Satisfaction to be made to fir F. Stamiifn, &c. for particular damage. Copyhold rights preferved. Mims, &c. referved to lords of manors, See. Coal mines, ore. not to be worked to prejudice tile navigation. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the intended canal. Company to make drains, See. Enabling the company to cleanfe the adjoining watercourfes at the land owners expence. To prevent deftroying the works. Rates of tonnage and wharfage. One halfpenny, per mile, for every ton of clay, brick, or Hones.

One penny per mile, per ton, for coal, or lime. And one penny halfpenny, per mile, for every ton of timber, goods, &e. One fat thing per ton, per mile, to be paid for manure, for lands by the canal. Exemption from tolls. Tolls to be taken at the junction at Leeds. Tonnage upon the Douglas to be the fame as upon the Leeds and Liverpool canal. Tonnage of coals, upon the ^Douglas navigation, not to be reduced in certain cafes. To preferve the water at certain pools. Land owners may ufe pleafure bouts Boat mailers accountable for damages done by the crew.

For fencing off towing paths and making bridges, Sec. Land owners may ereft warehouses, See. on their own lands. For afeertaining the rate of wharfage. Private wharfs not to be ufed bv the company. Canal not to. be under the commifiioners. Rights of fifhery reierved. For making recompence for damages not before provided for. Company may raile 280,000b New fubferibers to have the fame power as original fubferibers. Majority of proprietors may make further applications, to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. Power to borrow money, by virtue of aft 30..Geo. 3. c. 65. repealed. To extend certain .	A	a	a	%	powers

 

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c..95. [1794.

powers in the recited ads to the canal, hereby authorifed to be made. Refervation of the rights cfthe corporation of Liverpool. Repeal of fo much of the former ads, as relate to the canal between Wamefs Banks and Newborough. Publick act.

CAP. XCV.

^■n ad to alter and amend an ad of the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, for improving the navigation of the river Trent; and for making and maintaining a-navigable canal from the faid river, in the parifh of Bedton, to join the Nottingham canal, in the parifh of Lenton, in the county of Nottingham, and alfo certain cuts on the fide of the faid river.----[May 9, 1794.]

Company of the Trent navigation empowered to make certain improve-* ments. To make a canal from the Nottingham canal to the Trent in Beefton meadow, and to lower the bed of the river. New haling paths to be fet out. A fide cut at Bingham roads, and near the Trent lock. Prow,lions in former ad extended to the works to be done under this ad. Plans and books of reference to -remain with the clerks of the peace Line of canal to be preferred between Mr. Gregory's and Mrs. Mil ward's efcates. Power to make tide cuts. Breadth of canal and fide cuts to be twenty yards. Company obliged to widen the prefent towing piths. For repairing the haling path on the flood banks. Perfons empowered to fell and convey lands. Contrads for copyholds to be completed by furrender. Comp my to be compellable to put chafe lcveral pieces of land to make communications by bridges. Company to provide a ferry boat for the occupiers of Sawley Cliff. For building a bridge in lieu of the ford acrofs the river Soar. Weir or darn at Soar Mouth Shoal not to exceed eighteen inches in height. Weir or dam to be extended to the bounds of the river Trent. Differences concerning damages occalioned by the weir or dam to be fettled by arbitration. Company to pure hale the capftern at Nottingham Trent bridge. Company to make drains, &c. For fencing off haling paths. Bridges to be made over the canal within Mr. Pierrepont's ground. Regulations when the Beeflon meadow cut is made. Company to make a flop gate near the junction of the Beefton meadow cut with the Nottingham canal. Rights of fifiiery laved. Works relating to the navigation not to prejudice the fliheries. For protecting the fifhery at King’s Mills. Injury within four years to King’s Mills falmon fifhery, occafioned by the intended works, to be made good by the company* Reftridtions as to weirs and dams between Cavendifh bridge and the Erewalli canal. Ten pounds penalty for deftroying falmon. Proceedings of commiflioners to be entered in a book. Rates. For every ton of goods, See. carried from Wilden ferry to Gainfborough, or from Gainfborough to Wilden ferry, nine-pence. From Wilden ferry to Newark upon Trent, or from Newark upon Trent to Wilden ferry, Iixpence. From Wilden ferry to Nottingham Trent bridge, or to the Nottingham canal near Lenton church, or from Nottingham Trent bridge, or the Nottingham canal near Lenton church to Wilden ferry, three-pence. From Gainfborough to Nottingham Trent bridge, or from Nottingham Trent bridge to Gainfborough, iixpence. From Gainfborough to Newark, -or from Newark to Gainf-fcorougb, three-pence. And from Nottingham Trent bridge to Newark, or from Newark to Nottingham Trent bridge, three-pence. Sixpence a boat to be paid for crofting the river between the Erewafh canal and the river- Soar. No additional rates for boats palling from the Grantham canal, if the fame pafs along the Trent, and not through the Beefton cut.' Veflels palling to and from the Erewalli canal may pafs the new cut at the river rates. Perlons claiming exemptions from rates to give notice. Power to alter the rates. Reftridtion as to the reejudtion of the rates on coals. Profits not to exceed feven pounds per cent. Committee to regulate the navigation. Proprietors may raife thirteen thoufand pounds, to be divided into two hundred and iixty {hares, at fifty pounds each. Five pounds per cent, to be paid until the works are completed. Power to raife ten

e	tnoular.d

 

I794-] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 96, 97* 7*7

thoufand pounds more by mortgage. Special general aflemblies. Power of general aflemblies and committees to make calls. To compel payment of lubfcriptions. Satisfaction for tithes. Publick aft.

CAP. XCVI.

An aft for paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, and other-wife improving and keeping in repair, the ftreets, fquares, and other publick paflages and places, which are and fhali be made upon certain pieces of ground in the parifhes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George, Bloom (bury, or fome or one of them, in the county of Middlefex, belonging to the hofpital for the mainenance and education of expo fed and deierted young children, commonly called The Foundling Hofpital.—[May 9, 1794.]

Commiflioners appointed for the firft three years. On the fecond Wed-nefday in May 1797, and fo afterwards annually, twenty-one governors of the hofpital, and twenty-one persons chofcn by the inhabitants, to be commiilioners. Meetings of commiflioners. Special meetings may be held. Proceedings of commiflioners to be entered in a book, and officers to be appointed, who are to give fecurity. Treafurer and collector to account, Property of pavements veiled in commiflioners. Commiflioners to caufe ftreets to be paved and repaired. Lamps to be fet up, and ftreets and houfes to be named and numbered. Commiflioners may purchafe or hire ground for getting materials and building a watch houfe, and to ereft watch boxes. Commiflioners may water the ftreets, contrail for performing the works, and employ furveyors. No contract to be made between the firft of February and the twenty-fifth of June. Commiflioners annually to print and diftribute an account of receipts and difburfements,

&c. For preventing incroachments. Forty fthllings penalty on occafion-ing nuifances in the ftreet. Five fiiillings penalty on leaving carriages, See. in the ltreet. Dirt not to be fwept into any common fewer, or within three feet of the channel. No night foil to be taken before twelve, or after five in winter or four in fummer, or be put within the limits of this aft, or half a mile thereof. Hoards, &c. may be erefted. Scavenger's duty. Inhabitants exempted from the office offcavenger and furveyor of the highways, from hanging out lights, &c. Regulations for mending water pipes. Commiflioners of fewers to repair drains, Sec. under their direction. Watchmen to be appointed. Rates. For paving, cleanfing and fighting, two fiiillings in the pound. For watching, lixpence in the pound.

For watering the ftreets, fixpence in the pound. Houfes, See. to be rated at the full yearly value. Empty houfes to be charged'with half rates.

Publick buildings to be rated at fixpence the fquare yard. Foundling Hofpital to be rated equal to three-fifths of the annual value affefled upon the houfes in Guildford Street, from Milman Street to the Mews oppofite Lanfdown Place. Houfes, tec. abutting on Gray's Inn Lane exempt from rates. Poor’s rates may be infpefted. Recovery of rates. Money may be railed by annuities or mortgage. Money borrowed not to exceed fifty thoufand pounds. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Recovery of penalties. Inhabitants and governors of Foundling Hofpital may give evidence.

Appeal. Plaintiff fhali not recover after tender of fufficient amends. Limitation of aftions. General iffue. Treble coils. Publick aft.

CAP. XCVII.

An aft for building a new Shire-hall for the county of Stafford.—

[May 9, 1794-]

Juftices of the peace for the county of Stafford, and mayor, recorder, and juftices for the borough of Stafford to be commiflioners. Treafurer: and clerk to be appointed. Commiflioners may treat for purchafe of houfes, See. Incapacitated persons may treat for tale of lands. If parties refufe to treat, the value to be fettled by a jury. On payment of money eftates to be veiled in the commiflioners. Money paid to any corpora-

A a a 3	tion,

 

I

718 Anno regr.i tricesimo quarto Georgii III. 0.-98, 99. [1794.'

tion> Sic. to be inverted in lands to be fettled to the fame ides. The old fhire-hall to be taken down, and materials told, and new {hire-hall built. iNo buildings to be ere died in the open ground in the front, and on the hdes of the prelent mire-hall. Rate of is. 6d. in the pound for building the new fnire-hall. Appeal. Rates may be mortgaged. At yearly mett-ings to audit the accounts. The fhire-hall verted in the juftices, &c. for publick purpoies. The hall to be in fared and fup ported at the expence of the county and town. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Double corts. Publick act.

cap. xcvin.

An a£t for the better relief, regulation and employment of the poor, within the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford.—[May 9,1794.]

Guardians of the poor incorporated by the name of u The Guardians of the Poor within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.51 Firft meeting of guardians to be on May 13, 1794, to choofe twelve of the guardians to be directors. The mayor of Bedford always to be an additional dire Cor. Guardians and directors to defray their own expences. Twenty pounds penalty for refufing the office of dir Cror. Directors to meet every Tuefday. Directors to appoint officers. Directors may contract for and purchafe buildings, Ike. if parties cannot agree, a jury to fettle the recoin pence. Purchafe money belonging to corporations to be fettled to the fame ufes. Poor persons to continue under the government of the churchwardens and overfeers until the houfe of induftry is completed. Houfe of induftry to be furniihed. Directors to have the care and management of the poor. A burial ground to be provided. Power to apprehend vagrants. Children taken in to be apprenticed. The poor may be hired out to work. Power to borrow 8,oool. Churchwardens and overfeers to collect the rates. Churchwardens, &c. to account with direbtorcu and pay the money colic died to the treafurer. Afleffments to be re noon che average of the rates. Parifh officers to affift in the execution of the act. Directors to appoint conftables. Parifli officers may raiib money, befides the funis requifite for the purpoies of this a<51. Property of the furniture, Ac. verted in the corporation. No bufinefs to be done by directors, but at meetings. Directors may grant certificates. Bonds refpedting baftard children to be given to the corporation. Directors empowered to make bye laws. The indurtrious poor may be rewarded. The poor in any alms houfe not to be under the regulations cf this a<£t. AH charitable donations, not particularly appropriated, to be paid to the treafurer. Charitable benefactions paid to the directors, to be paid according to the will of the donor. Directors proceedings to be entered in a book. Poor born or maintained in the houfe of induftry to gain a ieUlemcnt thereby. For appertaining the fettlements of baftard children. The rates not to be collected when the poor earn enough for their own maintenance. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal. Expenses of the aft to be firft paid. Limitation of adtions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick a<5t.

CAP. XCIX.

An act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of an adt, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aht for deepening, cleaning, fcouring, preferving, and maintaining, the harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the quays and piers; for erecting docks, bjreafts, jettees. and piers; and for regulating {hips, lighters, and other vefTeis, trading into and going out of the faid harbour 5 and for other purpofes therein mentioned.——[May 9, 1794*]

Aft 12 Geo. 3. c. 22. continued for twenty-one years. When money due on the former repaid, truftees to borrow a fum equal to the fuin paid off. Places to be appointed for landing and fale of fifh. Expences of the s& to be paid out of the firft money raifed. Publick a<ft.

'	'	CA	P.,

 

1794’] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 100, CAP. C.

An adt to continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of an adt, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prelcnt Majefty, intituled, An adt fbr repairing the roads in the county of Forfar, and for regulating the ftatute labour within the fame ; and for repairing ieveral other roads in the faid county, and for building a' bridge over the river File, near Finha-ven.-----[May 9, 1794 ]

CAP. CL

An adt to enable his Majefty to grant, in fee fimple, certain eftates veiled in him, by reafon of the attainders of the perlbns therein named, to the defeendants of i'uch attainted perfons.-[May 23, 1794.]

Whereas the honourable William Radlyfte died on or about the lixth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-two, without iifue, and inteftate, as to his real eftates, feifed in fee limple to him and his heirs, of and in the manor of Ambell, and feveral farms, lands, and hereditaments in Arnbelf, Hawxley, and Warkworth, and elfewhere, with their royalties, rights, members, and appurtenances, in the county of Northumberland, and upon his death the fame became efeheated unto his Majefty for want of an heir to the faid William Rad-lyffe ; the late James carl of Derwent water, and Charles RadlyfFe, his nephews, having been attainted of high treafon, for having been engaged in the then late rebellion, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen : and whereas the faid manor, farms, lands, and hereditaments, are now vefted in his Majefty, his heirs, and fuceeffors, in fee limple: and whereas the right honourable Anthony James, earl of Newburgh is grandfon to the faid Charles RadlyfFe, the nephew cf the faid William RadlyfFe : and whereas George Collingwood, late of Ellington, in the laid county of Northumberland, efquire, was, in or about the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, attainted of high treafon, for having been engaged in the faid then late rebellion, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, and was executed for the fame, and by his attainder the fee limple and inheritance of a moiety, or half part, or (hare of two undivided third parts or fhares, or lbme other part or fhare of and in a certain colliery, called Stumpkwood Colliery, in the faid county of Northumberland, became, or is fuppofed to have become vefted in his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelfors, and the fame never was fold or appropriated by the commiffioners for felling the forfeited eftates, but the lame is now, or is fuppofed to be vefted in his Majefty, his heirs and fuceeffors, in fee limple: and whereas Thomas Qiftard, of Chillington, in the county of Stafford, efquire, is the def-cendant of the afore faid George Collingwood, and would be his heir at law, but on account of the laid attainder of his faid anceftor George Col- : lingwood : and whereas liich hath been the liberality of parliament, that they have been gracioufly pleated to rdtore to the defeendants of the former proprietors all fuch forfeited eftates as were known not to have been fold, or become vefted in private individuals, or appropriated to fome fpecial national purpofe: and whereas the faid Anthony James, earl of Newburgh, and Thomas Giffard, are moll dutifully and loyally attached unto his Majefty’s moll 1 acred person and government, and his Majefty hath moll gracioufly condefcended to recommend their r&fpedtive cafes to the coniideration of parliament; in order therefore, that they may be enabled to receive fuch m n k of his Majefty’s favour as in his mercy and clemency he may be gracioufly pleated to confer upon them. May it pleafe your Majefty, &c. Bis M hefty may grant to the earl of Newburgh the manor of Ambell, Sec. and may grant to Thomas Giffard, elq. the papiety of Stumplewood Colliery, &c. General faving. Publick acL

Aaa 4

CAP.

720 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. C..102--uo. [1794.

CAP. CII.

An aft for improving the outfall of the river Welland, in the county of Lincoln, and for the better drainage of the fen lands, low grounds, and jnarfhes, difcharging their waters through the fame into the fea; and for altering and improving the navigation of the faid river Welland, by means of a new cut, to commence below a certain place called The Refer voir, and to be carried from thence through the inclo fed marfhes, and open fait marines, • into Wyberton roads, between the port of Bofton, and a place called The Scalp; and for difpofing of the bare or white fands, adjoining to the faid river; and for building a bridge over the,faid cut.--[May 23, 1794.]

CAP. CIII.

An act for amending aad altering certain ads of parliament, for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the Coventry canal navigation, to the city of Oxford.——[May 23, 1794.]

CAP. CIV.

An a61 to amend and enlarge the powers of an a61, paired in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An add for the better paving, cleaning, and lighting the rown of Cambridge, for removing and preventing obftrudions and annoyances, and for widening

theftreets, lanes, and other paflages, within the faid town.-[May

17 9 4 * ]

CAP. CV.

An add for building a new bridge over the river Parrett, within the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerfet,and for repairing, maintaining, and extending the quays, in the port of Bridgewater aforcfaid ; for abolifhing the ancient and accuftomed duties, and for impofing certain new duties at the”port of Bridgewater aforefaid, inftead thereof; for regulating the moorings and ftations of Blips and veffels in the faid port; and foij; impofing a certain toll on horfes, carriages, and cattle. ------[May 23, 1794 ]

CAP. CVI.

An ad for paving, and otherwife improving the town of Abergavenny, and limits thereof, in the county of Monmouth.

CAP. CVII.

An ad for taking down and rebuilding the parifh church of Tipton, otherwife Tibbington, in the county of Stafford, and for enlarging the cemetery or burial ground belonging thereto.

CAP. CVIII.

An ad for regulating the manner of flocking and ufing the Marfh Common, otherwife the Salt Marfli, in the parifh of Almondfbury, in the county of Gloucefter.

CAP. CIX.

An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town of Swanfea, in the county of Glamorgan, into the.parifh of Yftradgunlais, in the county of Brecon.

CAP. CX.

An ad for embanking, and otherwife fencing from the fea, the lands on the fea coafts of the parifh of Abergele, in the county of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marfh, in the feveral pariflies of Abergele aforefaid, and of Saint Aiaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchife of Rhydlan, in the county

of

 

1794'] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. m, xxz. 721

of Flint, and fundry other marfhds, commons, and wafte lands, in the faid parifh of Rhydlan, and in the feveral parities of Diferth, and Meli-den, in the faid county of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the fame, or fome part thereof, one or more aqueduds, or other water-courfes and drains ; and to inclofe, divide, and fell, competent parts of the faid feveral marfhes, commons, and wafte lands, to defray the ex-pences of the faid works, and to raife a fund for the future repair and-prefervation thereof.

CAP. CXI.

An a<5t to enable the redor of the parifh of Saint Stephen, in the city of Brifcol, for the time being, and the feoffees ofthe lands, tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to the fame parifh, to fell, and re-convey to the mayor, burgefles, and commonalty, ofthe city.of Briftol, a certain plot of ground, lituate within and belonging to the faid parifh, and for applying the monies arifing by fuch fale, and certain other monies, to the purpofes of an ad, paffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, for making commodious ways and paffages within the parifh of Saint Stephen, in the city of Briftol, and for enlarging the burying ground belonging to the faid parifh.

CAP. CXII.

An ad for better regulating the harbour of Dover, in the county of Kent,

A N

 

by 

A N

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

TO THE

SECOND PART of the XXXIXth VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE;

Palled in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George III.; in the Year of our Lord one thoufand ieven hundred and ninety-four, being the fourth Seffion of thefeventeenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the. twenty-firft Day of January, one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-four, and ended by Prorogation on the eleventh Day of July^ in the fame Year.

A.

Abergavenny, Monmouthfhire.

Paving. Chap. 106.

Abingdon, Berkfkire.

See Paving. Chap. 89.

Accounts, Bublick,

1.	1,814/. 15;. 4c/. iflued on account of cormniilioners for auditing pub-lick accounts. Chap. 49.

2.	For extending the provifions of a (St 25 Geo. 3. c. 52. for better examining and auditing the pub-lick accounts of the board of ordnance, commillioners of the navy, cornmiflioners for victualling the navy, and com midi oners of lick and hurt. Chap. 59.

Addreffes of the Houfe of Commons.

46,619/. 13;. 7d. to make good

the fame. Chap 49.

Africa.

13,000/. granted for forts there. Chap. 49.

Agriculture, Board of.

3,000/. to the board of agriculture. Chap. 49.

Aliens.

I.	See Weft Indies. Chap. 42. - -. To continue an acl relpefling aliens in this kingdom. Chap.

82.

Alkmond, (Saint) Shrewfbury.

See Churches. Chap. 88.

Almondfbury, Gloucejlerf lire.

For regulating the manner of flocking and ufing the Marjh Common , other wife Salt Marjh, in the pari fin of /JlmondJburyy in the county of Gloucefter. Chap. 108.

America.

 

724

Att

Bat

America.

So much of io Geo. 3. c, 37. as relates to regulating fees of officers of cufloms, and naval officers in America, revived. Chap* 44.

American Sufferers.

1.	19,500/. for their relief. Chap. 49. "

2.	211,295/. 6j. 8i. 2q. for part of orders made out purfuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. for relief of American fufferers. Same a61.

3.	56,796/. 7s. 6d. for the like, purfuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. Same a cl.

Annuities.

See Ccnfolidated Annuities. Chap. 1.

Aqua Vitee.

See Excife. Chap. 3, 4.

Affiby de la Zouch, Leicefierfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap, 93.

AJhes,	Pearl.

See Pot AJhes. Chap. 34.

AJhton, Samuel.

See and Skins.- Chap. 63.

AJhton under Lyne, Lancajhire. See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 53.

Attainder.

To enable his Majefty to grant in fee fimple certain eftates veiled in him, by reafon of the attainders of certain perfons, to the defeendants of fuch attainted perfons. Chap. 101.

Attorneys.

See Stamps. Chap. 14.

Avon^ River.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 90.

Aylejbttry, Bucks.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 24.

yfyr, Scotland.

See Harbours. Chap. 99.

B.

Baden> Margrave of.

•	Forces. Chap. 49..

Bahama IJlands.	.

4,250/. granted for the civil ella-blithinent there. Chap. 49.

Bail, Special.

See Common Pleas of Lancajler, Chap 46.

Bakers.

No baker in London, or within twelve miles, to work on a Lord's Day on penalty of twelve (hillings; but bread may be fold, and meat, puddings, &c. baked, between nine in the morning and one in the afternoon on Sundays. Chap. 61.

Bank of Scotland*

See Scotland. Chap. 19.

Bankrupts.

A61 5 Geo. 2. to prevent commit ting of frauds by bankrupts, conti nued. Chap. 57.

Batteries.

For veiling certain meffuages lands, tenements, and hereditaments in truftees, for better fecuring his Ma-

jety’-

 

Bri

Jefty’s batteries, and other works, in counties of Kent and Devon. LhaP- 76.

Bedford.

See Poor, Chap. 98.

Bermuda,	Somers IJlands.

580/. granted for the falary of the chief judicc there. Chap. 49.

Birmingham.

See Can ah, Navigable. Chap. 87.

Births.

See Burials. Chap. n.

Bifhop, Mejjieurs.

See Excife. Chap. 2.

Bookfellers.

See Paper. Chap. 20.

Borrowjlounnefs, Linlithgow (hire.

See Scotland. Chap. gi.

Bradford, Wiltfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 86.

Brandy.

See Excife. Chap. 3. 4.

Bricks.

See Excife. Chap. 15.

Bridges.

•j. For building a bridge over the river	EJk>	near	Finhaven.

Chap. 100.

2.	For building a new bridge over the river Parrett, within the borough of Bridgewater, in Somerfet-and for repairing, &c. the quays in the port of Bridgewater \

Cam	725

for abolifhing the antient and 20 cuftomed duties; and for impofing new duties at the faid 'port inftead thereof; for regulating the moorings and Nations offhips and veffels* and for impofing a toll on horfes, carriages, and cattle. Chap. 105.

Bridgewater, Somerfttfhire.

See Bridges. Chap. 105.

Brijlol.

To enable the redtor of the parifls of &7//Z/ Stephen in Brijlol^ and the feoffees of lands, &c. belonging to the fame parifb, to fell and re-convey to the mayor, burgeffes, &c. of Brif-toh a certain plot of ground in tits faid parifn, and for applying the money arifing by fuch fale, and certain other monies, to the purpofes of an adl of 14 Geo. 3. for making commodious ways, &c. in the parifb of Saint Stephen in Brijlol. Chap. 111.

Buckingham.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 24.

Burials.

The (lamp duty on the regiftry of burials, births, marriages, and chriftenings, repealed. Chap. 11.

c.

Calicoes. gEE Linens. Chap. 23.

Cam bricks.

1.	Claufe 5 of 7 Geo. 3. c. 43. repealed, Chap. 50.

2« Cambricks and French lawns may be imported from the Aijlrian Netherlands on payment of the duties in table (C.) 27 Geo. 3. c.

13.	but if not imported it Britijh-

built

Hosted by C 3gle

726	Can

built (hips, &c. to be forfeited. Chap. 50. fed. 2.

3.	Cam brinks or French lawns, imported for exportation, and ware-houfed, or which (hall be hereafter imported, may be received into the cuffocly of the importer, under certain regulations, and fo much of tins act, as relates to cam-bricks, continued to June 1, 1795. Same ad, fed. 3,

Cambridge.

See Paving. Chap. 104.

Canada, Upper.

6,450/. granted for the civil efla-

blifhment there. Chap. 49.

Canals, Navigable.

1.	For making certain navigable cuts from the towns ofjBuckingham, Aykfhury, and Wend ever, in the county of Buckingham, to communicate with the grand junction navigation. Chap. 24.

2.	For extending the IVyrley and Effing ton canal. Chap. 25.

3.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal, from and out of the canal navigation from Man chef• ter, to Afloton under Lyne and Oldham, in Lancajhire, at the intended aquedud bridge, in Dukevfield, in Chefnre, to Chapel Milton, in Der-hyfoire. Chap. 26.

4.	The like from the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the parilh of Budbrooke, in Warwickfhire, into the Oxford canal, at Braunfton, in Northamptonfhire. Chap. 38.

5.	For making a navigable canal from Porthywain Lime Rocks, in the parifh of Llanyblodwell, in Shropshire., to Newton, in Montgomery-Jhire. 'Chap* 39.

6.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal from fir y<?/;/z

Can

Ramfiden's canal, at	,	in

Torkjhire, to join the canal navigation from Manchcjler to A fed on under Lyne and Oldham, near Afh-ton under Lyne, in Lancajhire. Chap. 53.

7. The like from	Bridge, in the pari (la of Bury, by Hafingden, to Church Kirk, all in Lancajhire. Chap. 77.

8.	The like from the Colder navigation, at Soiverby Bridge Wharf\ in the parifh of Plalifax, in Yorkjhire, to join the duke of Bridgewater's canal in Manchefler. Chap. 78.

9.	The like, with certain rail ways and done roads from feveral collieries in Somerjetfloirc, to communicate with the intended Kennett and Avon canal, in the parifh of Brad-ford> in the county of /T/7/;. Chap. 86.

10.	For extending and improving the Birmingham canal navigations. Chap. 87.

11.	For making a navigable canal

from the river Kennett, near Newbury,, Berkfoire, to the river Avony near the city of	Chap.	90.

12.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Wifbeachriver, at a place called The Old Sluice, in the town of Wifbeach, in the ifie of Ely, to join the river Afo*, in the parifh of Qutweli} in the (aid ifie of Ely, and county of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the navigation of the laid river from Outwell Church to •Salters Load Sluice. Chap. 92.

13.	The like from the Coventry canal, at Marjlon Bridge, in the pari fh of Bedworth, in Warwickfhire, to a certain clo.'e in the parifh of Ajhby de la Zouch, in Leicejhrjhirex and for continuing the fame in one line to the Timeworks at Tick-nall9 in Derby Jhire, and in another line to the lime works at CloudhiU, in Leicejhrfhire. Chap. 93.

14.	To enable the company of pro-

prietors

 

Con

Chu

prietors of the canal navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to complete the faid navigation, and to vary the line, and to raife a further fum of money. Chap. 94.

15.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Trent, in the parifh of Beefton, to join the Nottingham canal, in the pari(h of Lemon, in tlie county of Nottingham. Chap. 95.

16.	For amending and altering certain ads of parliament, for making a canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford. Chap. 103*

17.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Swanfea, in Glamorganjhire, into the parifh of Tfradgunlais, in Brecovfoire. Chap. 109.

Cape Breton, Ifle of,

1.	1,800/. granted for the civil efta-blifhment of the iiland of Cape Breton in America, Chap 49.

2.	669/. 9s, 1 ia. iffued to Mr. Nugent, ading furveyor general of lands there. Same ad.

Chapel Milton, Derbyfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 26.

Chelfea HofpitaL See Land Forces. Chap. 49.

Chrijlenings.

See Burials. Chap. 11.

Churches.

1.	For taking down and rebuilding

the church of	Alkmond,	in

Shrewfiury. Chap. 88.

2.	The like of the church of Tipton, otherwife Tibbington, in Stafford-Jhire, and for enlarging the burial ground. Chap. 107.

727

CVw7 Lift.

15,277/. 9;. 77. 37. ifiue-d from the civil lift. Chap. 49.

Cloudhill, Leicefterfhire•

See Canals, Navigable: Chap. 93*

Comnftioners of Land Revenue»

2,043/. to them. Chap. 49.

Common Pleas of Lane after.

For taking of fpecial bail in adiens and fuits, in the court of common pleas at Lancafler. Chap. 46.

Confolidated Annuities.

Contributors towards railing eleven millions, for every one hundred pounds, entitled to the principal fum of one hundred pounds three per cent, confolidated annuities, from January 5,	1794,	the	principal

fum of twenty-live pounds four per cent. annuities from Qflober 10, 1793, and a further annuity of eleven Ihillings and five-pence for fixty'fix years and a quarter from O Bober 10, 1793. Chap. 1.

Confolidated Fund.

x. 2,697,000/. granted out of the confolidated fund applied by the appropriation ad for the fervice of the prefent year. Chap. 49.

2.	231,841/. 16;. lod. furplusofihe confolidated fund April 5, 1794, to be iffued towards the fup-ply of the prefent year. Same ad.

Corfu I at Tripoli.

2,111/. Ij. iffued for difehnrge of debts contraded by Mr. Tully, confui at Tripoli. Chap. 49.

Convifls.

Hosted by



Cuf

ConviSls.

1.	11,393/. 45. 8d. ifTued to Duncan Campbell efq. for convicts on the river Thames. Chap. 49.

2.	13,576/. 175. 8d. 2q. blued to James Bradley efq. for convicts in Langftone and Portfmouth harbours. Chap. 49.

Cojis, Double. ‘

See Paving. Chap. 89. See /%-termen. Chap. 65.

Treble.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 26. 38. 39. 53. 77. 78. 86. See Churches. Chap. 88. See Confolidated Annuities. Chap. 1. See Lottery. Chap. 40. See Militia. Chap. 81. See J5z//j. Chap. 21. See Paper. Chap. 20. See Paving. Chap. 52. See Penitentiary HouJ'es. Chap. 84. See Penny Poft. Chap. 17. See Pojl Office. Chap. 18. See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 85. See Stamps. Chap. 14.

Cottons.

See Linens. Chap. 23.

Courts in the County Palatine of Lane after.

To prevent the removal of Cults from the inferior courts in the county palatine of Lancafler into the court of common pleas there. Chap. 58.

Culm.

ACls 31 Geo. 2. c. 15. and 13 Geo. 3. c. 70. continued to Marco 25, J 795*

Cujloms.

2. See Paper. Chap. 20.

Cuf

2.	So much of 10 Geo. 3. c. 37. as relates to regulating fees of officers of cuftoms in America and Newfoundland^^ revived. Chap. 44.

3.	Perfons obftru&ing officers of the cuftoms in the exercife of their duty, liable to be fentenced to three years hard labour on the river Thames. Chap. 50. f. 5.

4.	From July 1,	1794, cutters,

luggers, &c. to be forfeited if found within certain diftances. Same act, f. 7.

5.	From July 1, 1794, veffels, having on board liquors, &.c. in illegal quantities, Sec. and open boats found^hovering within certain limits, to be forfeited ; but not to extend to whale boats. Same ad, f. 8.

6.	Cutters, &c. found within certain limits, having on board arms or ammunition, without licence, to be forfeited. Same a£t, f. 11.

A duty of twenty pounds per cent. to be paid on the value of all Bri-tijh flare and ftone brought coaft-wife. Chap. 51.

8.	The prefent duties on flate and ftone of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark and Man, to ceafe, and twenty pounds per cent, of the value to be paid on its importation into Great Britain. Same act, f. 2.

9.	Value to be afeertained according to 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. and duties to be under the management of the commiffioners of cuftoms. Same a&, f. 3.

10.	Slate or ftone unfhipped before entry, &c. to be forfeited. Same a&. f. 5.

11.	Marble, lime ftone, or iron ftone, or ftone cut into mill ftones. See. or ufed for hufbandry, or in the manufacture of porcelain, See. or flate exported, not chargeable with the duty, but the value of it to be afeertained. Same a6t, f. 6.

12.	See Mariners. Chap. 68.

Cuttcrsl

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

Emb

Cutters.

Claufe 5 of 24 Geo. 3. c. 47. as far as extends to cutters, &c. repealed. Chap. 50. f. 6.

D.

Dijiillers. gEE Excife. Chap. 33.

Dominica, ljland of.

600/. granted to the chief juftice there. Chap. 49.

Dover, Kent.

See Harbours. Chap. 112.

Drawbacks.

See Sugar. Chap. 4.

Dukinfield, Cliefhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 26.

E.

Eajl India Camp any.

SEE India (Eafl) Company, Chap.

41.

Embanking.

For embanking, and otherwife fencing from the fea, the lands on the fea coafts of Abergele, in Denbigh-fhire, and Rhydlan Marfb, in the pa-rifhesof Abergele and tSW/z/ Afaph^ and Rhydlan, in Flintfhire, and fundry other marlhes, commons, and wafte lands, in Rhydlan, and Diferth, and Mcliden, in Flint Jhire, and to cut through the fame one or more aqueducts, or other watercourfes and

. Vol. XXXIX.

Ear	729

drains, and to inclofe, divide, and fell competent parts of the faid marfhes, commons, and wafte lands, to defray the expences of the faid works, and to raife a fund for the future repair and prefervation thereof. Chap. no.

EJfington Canal.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 25*

Exchequer Bills.

1.	The treafury empowered to raife

2,000,000/. by loans or exchequer bills for the fervice of the year 1794. Chap. 28.

2.	1,500,000/. more for the fame year. Chap. 29.

3.	2,000,000/. granted to pay off exchequer bills. Chap. 49.

4.	2,000,000/. more for the fame purpofe. Same ad.

5.	1,500,000/. more for the fame purpofe. Same ad.

6.	His Majefty may raife 2,500,000/. by exchequer bills. Chap. 62.

Excife.

Additional duties of excife, viz.

s. d.

1.	For every gallon of wafh made in England from grain for home confumption, o	1

From other Briti/b materials per gallon,	0	r

From melalTes, or fugar, per

do.	^	o	11

From foreign materials, except melaffes and fugar, per do.	o	2

For every ninety-fix gallons of waih made by MefT.

Bijhop, from one hundred and twelve pounds weight of corn,	2	8^

For every gallon of fpirits, not exceeding one to ten over proof, made in Scot-

B b b ,

 

73°	Exc

land, and imported into s. England,	o

For every gallon of fpirits of a greater ftrength than one to ten over proof, and not exceeding three per cent, over one to ten, a proportionate additional duty. Chap. 2.

2.	Wafh made in England according to 28 Geo. 3. c.

46. for exportation to Scotland, not liable to duty undsE this Same ad,

f- 3-

3.	Single brandy imported

per gallon,	O

Brandy above-proof import-

ed per do.	I	8

Rum, fpirits, or aqua vitae, of the Britift) colonies, imported, per do.	o	8

-	— above proof per	do.	1	4

—— warehoufed on Feb.

12,	1794, and afterwards delivered, per do.	o	8

-----above proof,	per	do; 1	4

Single fpirits, or aqua vita?, imported, except as afore-iaid, per do.	o	XO

•--above proof,	1	8

Chap. 3.

4.	Duties impofed on brandy, rum, fpirits, and aqua vitae, by 31 Geo. 3. c. 1. made perpetual. Chap. 4.

Additional duties of excife on bricks^ and tiles, viz.

s. d.

5.	Bricks per thoufand	1	6

Plain tiles per do.	1	10

Pan or ridge tiles per do.	4	10

Paving tiles not exceeding ten inches fquare per hundred	o	ir

-----exceeding ten inches

fquare per do.	I	10

And all other tiles per

thoufand	I	10

The duty to be drawn

Exc

d*	back	on exportation. Chap.

5i	15:

6. Tiles for draining lands may be made free of any duty. Same a£t, f. 2.

Additional duties of excife on importation of bricks and tiles, w'z,

s. d.

7.	Bricks per thoufand	1	6

Plain tiles (except galley tiles) per do.	x	xo

Pan or ridge tiles per do. 410

Paving tiles, not exceeding

ten inches fquare, per do. o n

----- exceeding ten inches

fquare per do.	1	10

And all other tiles (except

galley tiles) per do.	x	10

Same act, f. 6.

8.	See Paper. Chap. 20.

Additional duties of excife on glafs,.

viz.

s. d.

9.	French plate glafs imported per foot,	o	8	J

French flint glafs/ &c. imported per cwt.	14	6

French window glafs (not spread glafs) imported per do.	9	IX

Plate glafs, &c. imported

per do.	14	o

Materials ufed in making plate glafs, &c.. in Great Britain, per do.	10	8	J

Chap. 27.

Additional drawbacks on exportation of glafs made in Great Britain, viz.

s. d.

10. Plate glafs per foot	o	8-J

Fiint glafs per cwt.	14	6

Window glafs (not being

fpread glafs) per do.	9X1

To be allowed agreeable to 26 Geo-.

3.	c. 77. Same adl, f. 2.

11.	Adis 27 Geo. 3. c. 28. and 28 Geo. 3. c. 37. repealed, and the duty impofed on call; plate glafs by 27 Geo, 3. c, 13. revived, and

payable

Hosted by CjOOQle

Fee

payable over and above the additional duty by this adl, and in lieu of the allowance by 17 Geo. 3. c. 39. on materials for making plate glafs, other allowances to be made for pots containing more than one hundred weight. Chap. 27. f. 4.

12.	Officers may meafure caft plate glafs, and caft plate glafs of lefs than one quarter of an inch thick to be broke, on‘penalty of fifty pounds ; and forty (hillings penalty for putting into pots any materials without frefh notice after the gauge has been taken by the officer. Same a£t, f. 8.

13.	Certain duties of excife on dif-tilleries, and on licences granted to diftillers in Scotland, made perpetual. Chap. 33.

14.	Perfons obftrufting officers of excife in the exercife of their duty, liable to be fentenced to three years hard labour on the river Thames. Chap. 50. f. 5.

F.	,

Fee Farm Rents.

1.	PURVEYOR general may con-tra<5t for the fale of fee farm rents, See. not difpofed of by 26 Geo. 3. c. 87. and 30 Geo. 3. c. 50* and grant certificates of the money to be paid, which is to be received at the bank, and receipts given on the certificates, which being inrolled with the auditor of the land revenue fhall give poffeffion ; and certificates and receipts to be at the expence of the parties, and ftamp duty on certificates, if the purchafe money fhall exceed ten pounds. Chap. 75. f. 10.

2* Contradts of persons negledting to procure certificates, &c. for fourteen days to be null, and the con-fideration money forfeited; and money paid into the bank to be laid out in three per cent, con-

Fra	731

folidated annuities, and furveyor general may compound for arrears of rent. Same a<£t, f. 15.

Fees.

1.	See America. Chap. 44.

2.	See Cufoms. Same act.

3.	See Newfoundland. Same adh

Fencibles.

See Land Forces; Chap. 49.

Ft fiery.

Veffels employed in the Greenland and whale fifhery, not provided with the complement of men purfuant to 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. and 32 Geo. 3. c• 22. at the port of clearing out, may complete the number at any of the ports in the Forth of Clyde, or in Lough Ryan, or in Lerwick, in the Ife of Shetland, or in Kirkwo.ll, in the Orkneys, and be entitled to the bounty. Chap. 22.

Fleet Prifon.

3,376/. 8s. granted for works there* Chap. 49.

France.

1.	After March 1, 1794, if any refi-

• dent in Great Britain fhall pay or remit any money for the ufe of the perions exercifing the government in France, or of any persons reftding within the limits of fuch government fince January j, 1794, he (hall be deemed a traitor. Chap. 9,

2.	If any fuch refident fhall fend or deliver, for the ufe of the persons before mentioned, any goods, or effects, he (hall incur the penalties of a praemunire by i6Ric. 2. c. 5. Same act, f. 2.

3.	If any fuch refident (hall accept,

indorfe, or undertake, for the payment of any bill, note, &c. or fhall pay any order for money drawn, &c. fince January i, 1794, for the ufe of the persons aforefaid, he (hall forfeit double the value, and the payment of fuch order, (hall not bar the claim of the person B b b 2	who

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

732	Fra

who might other wife have demanded it. Chap. 9. f. 3.

4. If any fuch refident, who had on Jan. 1, 1794, or fince, or (hall have money, notes, or any effects belonging to the perlbns afoFefaid, fhall pay fuch money, or part with fuch notes, or effedls, except for converting them into money, for retaining it he fhall forfeit double the value; and the payment of fuch money, &c. (hall not bar the claim cf any person who might have demanded the fame, except where fuch money, &c. has been received, or effedts purchafed bona fide without notice of their being paid, or difpofed of contrary to this adt. Same adt, f. 5.

5.	This adt not to extend to 2ny thing done by authority of his Ma-jefty,or in his fervice. Same adt, f, 6.

6,	If any adtion fhall be commenced for any demand contrary to this adt, the court may dilcharge the defendant, and flay other proceedings; and no perlon (hall be fub-jedt to any penalty or anlwer for any damage for not paying money, or delivering notes or effedts after February i,the payment or delivery whereof after March 1, 1794, is prohibited. Same adt, f. 7, 8.

7.	Perfons committed for offences againft this adt: may be admitted to bail, and may be tried in Middle-fx ox Edinburgh ; and persons in-didted inti tied to the benefit of adts 7 Gul. 3. c. 3 and 7 Ann. c. 21. Same act, f. 11.

8.	Subjedts of the late French king mayenlift and accept coinmiflions from his Majefty to ferve on the continent of Europe, or in the

• iflands of Guernjty, Jerfey, Alder-ney, and Sark, and may be landed in Great Britain for certain purposes, but not more than five thou-fand at one time. Chap. 43.

9.	For more effectually preserving money or effedts in the hands of his Majefty’s (ubjedts, belonging

Fra

tc or difpofeable by persons refident in France, for the benefit of the individual owners thereof.Chap.79*

10.	His Majefty to appoint five com-miffioners to put this adf in execution, whd are to meet and appoint officers; but no fee to be taken by officers. Same adt, f. 2.

11.	Refidents in Great Britain on Jan. 1, 1794, or after, who have money, notes, or any effedts of persons refiding within the limits of the government of France, or who (hall be indebted to fuch perfons, to deliver to the commif-fioners an account containing particulars, and for negledt thereof to forfeit double the value ; and accounts to be inclofed in fealed covers. Same adt, f. 5.

12.	Commiilioners to appoint persons to receive accounts, and may on application order money for bills or exchange prohibited, to be paid ifito the bank; but not to extend to bills not drawn before Jan.

1,	1794, unlefs accepted prior to Feb-. J, and orr requeft of persons entitled to money, effedts, &c. commiffioners may order money to be paid into the bank, and fecu-rities and effects to be delivered into thecuftody of proper perfons, &c. Same adt, ft 7.

13.	Commiffioners may order money to be paid, and effedts delivered to bankers of credit, and make like orders on requeft'of persons holding money, &c. as on application of owners; but commiffioners to have regard to contradts, and persons not complying with orders of the commiffioners to forfeit double the value, and property delivered to commiffioners may be fold. Same adt, f. 12.

14.	Commiffioners may direct to be paid money due on infurances effected prior to May 8, 1793, on (hips or effedts belonging to persons refident within the limits of

the

 

For

the government of France on Jan. I, 1794, or during the war ; and money paid into the bank: veiled in commiflioners, and to be laid out in the funds; and commiflioners may dire<5t the fale of flock, &c. for redoring property to the proprietors. Chap. 79. f. 17.

15.	Money.received by commiflioners, or paid into the bank, to be clafled and entered, &c. and commiflioners to keep feparate accounts of the different clafles, and may examine upon oath, and receive affidavits; and persons giving falfe evidence liable to perjury, Sind three commiflioners may ad. Same ad, C 21.

16.	Commiflioners may fue and be fued in the name of their fecrerary, and actions to be brought againfl them in the court of exchequer only, and not without licence from his Majefty; and persons claiming property may, with con lent of commiflioners, apply to the court of exchequer, and where his Majefty (hall grant licences, the proof to lie on the. persons claiming the benefit; and if any adion contrary to this ad, the court may flop proceedings, and penalties to be recovered in the name of the attorney general. Same ad, f. 28.

Freeman, Jofeph.

See Wilkinfon ^ John, efq. Chap. 67. French Lawns.

See Camhricks. Chap. 50,

French Refugees.

27,692/. 4;. 6d., 2q. iflued on account of French refugees. Chap. 49.

Forjarfhire.

To continue an ad of 29 Geo. 3. c. 20. for repairing the roads in the county of Forfar, and for repairing feveral other roads in the faid county. Chap. 100.

Ora	733

F milling Hoff ital.

See Paving. Chap. 96.

- G*

Gandafequi, Matthias de. gEE Wilkinfon, John^ efq. Chap. 67*

General Jffue.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 26.

38.	39. 53. 77. 78. 86. See Churches. Chap. 88. See Conjolidated Annuities. Chap. t. See Lottery. Chap. 40. See Militia., Chap. 81. See Navy Bills. Chap. 21. See Paper, Chap. 20. See Paving. Chap, q2. See Penitentiary Houfes. Chap. 84. See Penny Pc ft. Chap. 17. See Poft Office. Chap. 18. See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 85. See Stamps. Chap. 14. See Watermen. Chap. 65.

General Pojl.

See Pojl Office. Chap. 18.

Glafs

See Excife. Chap. 27.

Gloves.

The {lamp duty on gloves and mittens fold by retail, repealed. Chap. 10.

Grace, Thomas.

See Wilkinfon, Johny efq. Chap. 67*

Grants of Parliament.

475,022/. 13f* 10d. 2q. for deficiency of gi ants in 1793. Chap. 49.

Grave [end.

See Watermen. Chap. 65.

E b b 3	Greenland

 

734

Hig

Greenland Fifhery,

See Fijhcry. Chap. 22,

H.

Harbours.

1.	gEE Scotland. Chap. 91.

2.	To continue an ad of 12 Geo. 3. for deepening, cleanfing, fcouring, preferving, and maintaining the harbour of Ayr, Sic. Chap. 99.

3.	For better regulating the harbour of Dover, in Kent. Chap. 112.

Hajlingden, Lancajhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 77,

Haftings, Warren, ejquire.

10,749/. 31. 8Z for expences of his trial. Chap. 49.

Hejfe Cajfel, Landgrave of.

See Forces. Chap. 49.

Hejfe Darmfiadt, Landgrave of. See Ztf/zi Forces. Chap. 49.

Hides and Skins.

1.	For allowing the exercife of an invention of a new method of tanning hides and (kins. Chap. 63.

2.	Nothing in any a61 to prevent 777a*/ AJbton from tanning hides and fkins in the manner mentioned in his letters patent. Same ad.

Highways.

1.	For more effedually repairing of fuch parts of the highways of this kingdom, as are to be repaired by two parilhes. Chap. 64.

2.	Twojufticcs may determine what parts of highways lying in two pa-

Hyd

rifihes fhall be repaired by each and parifhes bound tb repair the parts fo allotted, and the cofts of fuch proceedings to be defrayed by fuch two parifties. Same ad, f. 2.

3.	Boundary of counties, &c. not to be charged, and this ad not to relate to highways repairable by bodies politick, Sic. which may by con fen t be put under the regulations of it, but not to extend to Scotland. Same ad, f. 4.

4.	Appeal to quarter feOions, and complaints, &c. may be made in the forms annexed to the ad. Same ad, f. 7.

5.	From September 29, 1794, part of 13 Geo. 3. c. 78. repealed. Chap. 74.

6.	Perfons keeping carts and horfes only ufed to draw in them to perform flatute duty ; and keeping a coach, Sic. to pay one (hilling for each horfe for each day’s ftatute duty, and three men to be fent in lieu of a team if required, or pay four fhillings and lixpence, and bring tools, and work eight hours a day. Same ad, f. 2.

7.	Compofition may be made for teams, &c. and proportions of fta-tute particularly mentioned in the ad, and justices may exempt poor persons from payment of rates, and dired team duty to be performed in kind, and labourers may be ordered to do ftatute duty on payment of the ufuai wages of the place, and persons to perform duty in kind, to be drawn by lot. Same ad, f. 3.

Huddersfield, Torkfioire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 53.

Hydrometer.

So much of ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as direds that all fpirits fhall be deemed of the ftrength denoted by

Clcirt.e*§

 

hf

Clarke's hydrometer, continued to fume i, 1797. Chap. 36.

I.

Jerfjy.

537/. 12s. 6to the commifTioners for enquiring into the lawj of Jerfey. Chap. 49.

India (Eaft) Company.

May continue a bond of debt of two millions, and borrow a million more. Chap. 41.

Inferior Courts.

See Courts in the county palatine of Lancafler. Chap. 58.

Infolvent Debtors.

1.	For difcharge ofinfolvent debtors. Chap. 69.

2.	Gaolers to make out lids of pri-foners, who on February 12, 1794, were in cuftody for debt, and deliver them at the quarter feftions, and lifts to be kept by clerks of the peace, which may be examined gratis, and three copies of lifts to be fixed up in each prifon. Same aft, f. 2.

3.	Prifoners for debts under one thoufand pounds, conforming to this aft, to be difcharged. Same aft, f. 4.

4.	Juftices, on petition of any prifon-er delivering a Schedule of his eftate, may ifiue their warrant for bringing him to the quarter fefti-ons, and juftices to tranfmit Schedules to the clerk of the peace for infpeftion of creditors, and juftices omitting for ten days to tranfmit Schedules to forfeit ten pounds. Same aft, f. 5.

3.	Debtors intending to apply for their difcharge, to give previous

_ H735

notice three times in the Gazette, and deliver Schedules to the gaoler previous to the firft notice ; debtors applying at the feftions, proving notices were duly inferred, &c. Shall in open court deliver in Signed Schedules, and make oath as mentioned in the aft^ and the Schedule and oath to be Subscribed in court, and remain with the clerk of the peace for perufal of creditors, and debtor’s oath not being difproved, the court to order his difcharge. Same aft, f. 8.

6.	Eftate and effefts of difcharged debtors vcfted in the clerk of the peace, who is to aftign the fame to iuch creditor as the court Shall di«* reft, and aftignees to get in efxefts and fell them, and make a dividend i'n three months; but thirty days notice of making dividend to be given. Same aft, f. 13.

7.	Eftates of debtors not inferted in Schedules to be vefted in the cleric of the peace, and Schedules to bs produced by clerks of the peace to creditors, and figned copies to be evidence, and refuting to produce Schedules to forfeit ten pounds and treble cofts. Same aft, f. 15.

8.	Aftignees to compound with lords of manors for copyhold or cufto-mary eftates, and debtor’s right only to be aftefted by this aft, and mortgages to take place of claims of an inferior nature, and power of leafing lands vefted in aftignees. Same aft, f. 20.

9.	The afting gaoler at the time of delivering lifts to be the person Sworn, and the court at requeft of creditors may examine gaolers on oath, touching commitments, and one hundred pounds penalty on gaolers, &c. difobeying orders of court, &c. and gaolers and printer of the Gazette, not complying with the regulations of this aft, to fuffier three months imprifonmenr, and five hundred pounds penalty on

B b b 4	gaolers

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

736 Jnf

gaolers perjuringthemfelves. Chap. 69. f. 24.

10.	Twenty pounds penalty on clerks of the peace refufing to give copies of adjudications of difcharge, &c. Same aft, f. 29.

11.	Debtors forfwearing themfelves to be deemed guilty of perjury, and debtors difcharged by this aft: not liable to imprifonment for debts prior to February 12, 1794, but prifoners, who on application as infolvent debtors, have been remanded back, &c. and difcharged without their confent, entitled to the benefit of this aft, and this aft may be pleaded to any aftion of efcape. Same aft, f. 30.

12.	Attornies receiving money for their clients or fervants, &c. embezzling their mafter’s money, or persons obtaining goods, &c. by falfe pretences, or fraudulently removing goods within fix years, liable to rent, or any person having fold or affigned any part of his ef-tate or effefts, after being in cufto-dy, to defraud his creditors, to lofe the benefit of this aft. Same aft, f. 36.

13.	Gaolers to permit prifoners to be

fpoke with on penalty of forty pounds, and gaolers making falfe entries to forfeit fifty pounds. Same aft, f. 40.	1

14.	Debtors refufing to difcover the trade and abode of the person at whofe fuit detained, &c. to be excluded the benefit of this aft. Same aft, f. 42.

15- J ufiices may hold a feffion for difcharge of prifoners near the county gaol, and juHices for the didrift of Holland, in Lineolnfhire, may adjourn near the county gaol, and for Surry juftices may adjourn to Southwark. Same aft, f. 43.

16. Prifoners in cuftody for fees to be difcharged, but this aft not to extend to debtors to the crown or

■ revenue. Same aft, f. 46,

Lan

17.	Determination of juftices to be final, unlefs the prifoner get rid of the objeftion, and prifoners feized of eftates tail to deliver them up; affignees may apply for the further examination of debtors, and twenty pounds per cent. for difeovering any part of debtor’s eftate not compri-fed in the fchedule, and difcharge obtained fraudulently void, and affignees with confent of creditors may compound for debts, and fub-mit difputes to arbitration, and one hundred pounds penalty for concealing effates of debtors; and if affignees die others may be appointed, and courts at Wejhninjler, on complaint againft affignees, may remove them, and where mutual credit has been given, the balance to be ifated. Same aft, f. 48.

18.	Prifoners for nonpayment of cofts, or on procefs of courts of confcience entitled to the benefit of this aft. Same aft, f. 58.

19.	Quakers’ affirmation to be taken, but this aft not to extend to Scotland. Sapae aft, f. 60.

John, [Saint) IJland of\

- 1,900/. granted for the civil effa-

blifhment of the ifiand of Saint John,

in America. Chap. 49.

Irwell River.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 37,

K.

Rennet River.

gEE Canals, Navigable. Chap. 90.

L.

Lane after.

1.	O EE Common Fleas of U Chap. 46.

2.	See

 

Lan

2.	See Courts in the county palatine of Lancajler. Chap. 58.

Lancafter, Duchy of.

Th is act not to affeft the power of

the chancellor and council of ihe duchy of Lancajler. Chap. 75/1. 20.

Land Forces.

6,436,56°/. os. 9d. 'iq. granted for land forces in 1794, viz.

1.	1,492,812/. 12s. 2d. for 60,244 effective men, officers, &c. in Great Britain, &c. Chap. 49.

2.	677,682/. 125*. 4^. for forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, and Afcw;

Wales. Same aft.

3.	50,279/. 13;. \d. difference between Britifh and Irijh eftabliih-ments of regiments in the IVeft Indies, Gibraltar, and on board the feet. Same aft.

4.	8,323/. 175. iorf. 2q. for regiments in the ZsV?// Indies. Same aft.

5.	219,500/. for recruiting and contingencies. Same aft.

6.	210,000/. for levy money, &c. for augmentation to land forces. Same aft.

7.	97,389/. n. ii. for general, ftaff, and hofpital officers. Same aft.

8.	39,118/. 16;. 7d. for fupernume-rary officers. Same aft.

9.	64,790/. i8j. 3d. to the paymaf-ter general, fecretary at war, &c. Same aft.

10.	146,843/. iof. 10d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. Same aft.

j 1. 156/. 9s. 2d. for reduced privates, See. of the horfe guards. Same aft.

12.	3,000/. for officers late in the fervice of the (fates general. Same aft.

13.	55,092/. ioj. for reduced officers of the Britifh American forces, and 4,907/. 1 os. for allowances to them. Same aft.

Lan 737

14.	9,931/. 191. 3d. for widow’s pen-

(ions. Same aft.

15.	151,742/ 5*. rod. for Chelfa hofpital. Same aft.

16.	687,42ol. 14s, for militia and* fencibles, and 160,000/. for their contingencies. Same aft.

17.	93,653/. 31. 9d. for cloaihingthe militia. Same aft.

18.	185,667/. 15;. 6d. for corps transferred from the Irijh to the Britifh eftabliffiment, and augmentations in 1793. Same aft.

19.	538,874/. for 18,000 Hanoverians. Same aft.

20.	304,309/. to the landgrave of Hcjfe C jJeL Same aft.

21.	102,073/. to the landgrave of Heff'e Darmfladt. Same aft.

22.	24,067/. to the margrave of Baden. Same aft.

23.	300,117/. i6j. 6d. for fencible cavalry. Same aft.

24.	808,805/. 14;. 4d. for extraordinaries of land forces in 1793-Same aft.

Land Revenue.

1.	For better management of the land revenue of the crown, and for fale of fee farm, and other un-improveable rents. Chap. 75.

2.	Claufe 6 of 1 Ann. c. r. (o far as contrary to this aft repealed, but this a6t not to affeft: fubfifting leafes or grants. Same aft, f. 2.

3.	His Majefty may grant land for building for ninety-nine years, or three Jives, and on every grant annual rents to be referved with*-out taking any fine, &c. and grants not to be renewed until within five years, and building leafes within twenty years of their expiration# Same aft, f. 3.

4.	Waffes, &c. or lands for the growth of wood, Sec. may be re*» newed agreeable to 1 Ann. c. 1. or this aft, and where houfes are to be rebuilt^ further leafes may be

granted ;

Hosted by GoOglc

73*5 •	L,UU

granted ; and before any grant is made, a furvey of the premifes, and an eftimate of the improved annual value to be made, and certified by the furveyor, &c. but leafes of premifes of a fixed value may be renewed without furvey. Chap. 75. f. 7.

5.	Leafes may be furrendered and new ones granted, and furveyor general to certify to the King and parliament what leafes have been made. Same a<5l, f. 19.

Land Tax

For 1794 to be four (hillings in the pound. Chap. 8.

Lawns, French.

See Catnbricks. Chap. 50.

Leeds, Yorlfhire.

See Canal^ Navigable. Chap. 94.

Letters.

SeeP^wy Pg/?. Chap. 17.

Levant Company.

5,000 /. to the faid company. Chap. 49.

Licences.

See Excife. Chap. 33.

Lightermen.

See Watermen. Chap. 65,

Limitation of Actions.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap.

26.	38. 39. 53. 77. 78. 86. See Churches. Chap. 88. See Militia. Chap. 81. See Paper. Chap. 20. §ee Paving. Chap. 52. 89. See Penitentiary Houfes. Chap. 84. See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 85. See Watermen. Chap. 65^

Linens.

Proprietors of new patterns for printing linens, cottons, calicoes, or muflins, to have the foie right of ufing them for three months, and adl 27 Gep. 3. c. 38. made pejpetual. Chap. £3.

Liverpool\ Lancafhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 94.

London.

See Militia. Chap. 8r.

Lord's Bay.

See Bakers. Chap. 61.

Lottery.

740,666/. 135. 4^. to be raifed by a lottery * tickets at 18/. ioj. 4^ each ; and 500,000/. to be paid for prizes on July 5, 1795* Chap. 40.

M.

Malt.

DUTIES on malt, mum, cyder and perry, continued for the fervice of the year 1794. Chap. 7.

Man, IJle of.

See Paper. Chap. 20.

Mariners.

I. For further encouragement of Britijh mariners. Chap. 68.

2. After fix months from the con-clufion of the prefent war, no goods, &c. to be imported or exported to or from Great Britain in Britijh veffels, unlefs the matter and three fourths of the crew are y	Britijh

 

Mar

Britijh fubjects, nor any fuch vef-fcls regittered in Great Britain-to be otherwife navigated, except as after mentioned* Chap. 68. f. 2.

3.	No goods to be carried from one place to another in Great Britain, nor any veffel to fail in ballaft, nor to bib on the coaft, unlefs wholly manned with Britijh fubjects, but the commiffioners of cuttoms may authorife veffels to have foreign mariners to inttruct Britifb ones in fifhing, and proportions of Britijh mariners to be lo the whole voyage, but this act not to alter any regulations for which fpecial provi-fion has been made. Same act,

r. 4.

4.	Natural born lubjects, &c. deemed Britijh feamen, and foreign feamen lerving three years in the navy in time of war, may be employed as matters or Britijh feamen on certificate of their fervice. Same act, f. 6.

5.	No pcrlon who has taken an oath of allegiance to any foreign bate (except under fome capitulation) qualified to be a matter or Britijh feaman, and one hundred pounds penalty on difqualified persons acting as matters, and ten pounds penalty for engaging to ferve as a Britijh failor, but veffels not to be forfeited if the difqualification of persons was unknown to the owners. Same act, f. 8.

6.	In America and the Weft Indies, and to the eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, negroes, &c. may be employed, but no negroe of a colony late under the dominion of the French king to be employed as a feaman, unlefs the conditions of 34 Geo. 3. c. 42. be complied with, and this act not to affect any proclamation under 13 Geo.

2.	c. 3. Same acl, f. 8.

fj. Goods imported, &c. contrary to this act to be forfeited, and may ficfeized by officers of the navy or

Mar -	739,

cuftoms, and on production of the certificates of the neceffuy of engaging foreign mariners, no veffel to be detained, but the persons authorifed to make feizures to in-dorfe the certificates for the confi-deration of the commiffioners of cuttoms. Same act, f. 10.

8.	Notification in the Gazette to be deemed the conclufion of the war. Same act, f. 13.

9.	After January 1, 1795, no transfer of property in any veffel to be valid, unlefs made agreeable to 26 Geo. 3. c. 60. and on alteration of property in vettels in the port to which they belong, the indorfement to be made in the form preferibed by this abt, and if veffels be abfent from the port to which they belong, the fale fhall ttill be made as before directed. Same act, f. 14.

10.	Regulations for transfer of pro-* perty, where owners refide in any country not under the dominion of Iris Majetty. Same a<3, f. 17.

11.	One hundred pounds penalty on matters withholding certificates of regirtry, and juftices to certify detainer of certificates on which re-giftry may be made de novo; where property is transferred, no veffel to be regittered de novo by the regifter, unlefs inttrument of fale be produced, but commiffioners of cuttoms* See. may give directions for the regittry. Same acl, f. 18.

12.	On alteration of property in veffels in the fame port, they may be regittered de novo, and from March 1, 1705, on transfer of property in veffels to perfons, not fubjects of his Majetty, matters of veffels to ait as directed by this act, or veffels to be deemed foreign, and not imitled to the privileges of Britijh veffels, and on transfer of property veffels to be regittered de novo within twelve months. Same act,

fo 21.

Marines.

Hosted by



Mil

Marines

Regulated while on Hi ore. Chap. 6.

Marfton Bridge, Warwickfhire. See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 93.

Merfe)\ River.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 37.

Militia.

x. For augmenting the militia. Chap. 16.

2.	Lord lieutenants of count;es may accept offers to raife volunteer companies, and alfo additional volunteers to regiments, who are to be entitled to the fame pay, &c. as the militia, and non-commiffioned officers to be added. Same act, f. 2.

3.	Parifh officers, with confent of inhabitants, may allow ten pounds to volunteers, and the powers of a£f 26 Geo. 3. c. 107. to extend to this aft, and this a61 to continue to January i, 1795. Same acl, f. 5.

4.	For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing the militia in Eng-land for one year, from March 25, 1794. Chap. 30.

5.	The like allowances to be made to the families of ferjeants in the militia, as are given by 33 Geo. 3. c. 8. to the families of corporals, &c. Chap. 47.

6.	The families of persons inrolled in place of men difeharged at their own requeft, entitled to relief. Same act, f. 2.

7.	Five pounds penalty on parifh officers not paying money in purfu-ance of orders of juftices. Same a 61, f. 3.

8.	Quarter feffions may order re-compence for trouble of county treafurers. Same aeft, f. 5.

9.	Serjeants, &c. of militia may beat up for volunteers. Same act. f, 6,

Mil

10.	Commiffioners of lieutenancy for London may call out, arm, &c. once a year tire militia of London, and appoint officers, who are to polTefs the like qualifications as ' required by 26 Geo. 3. c. 107. for commiffions in militia for cities which are counties of themfelves. Chap. 81.

11.	Militia to confift of twelve hundred private men, to be formed into two regiments, confiding of eight companies, befides a grenadier and light infantry company of fixty private men to a company ; the officers of each regiment to be one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and one major; and one captain, cne lieutenant, and one en-fign to each company. Same act, f 4.

12.	Two general courts of lieutenancy to be held annually, on the third I'Ve dm [day in January and February. Same a<5t, f. 5.

13.	Men to be chofen by ballot out of persons who pay land tax in proportion, and inrolled for five years, but fubftitutes may be found, and persons chofen not ad-pearing to forfeit ten pounds, and commiffioners may provide fubftitutes for quakers refufing to do it, and levy the expence. Same aft, f. 6.

14.	Perfons not liable to be ballotted for a fecond time, but in rotation ; and no clergyman or licenfed teacher of a feparate congregation ; and no person ferving as a com-miffioned officer in the faid militia, or who (hall have ferved four years therein, liable to be ballotted for. Same aft, f. 11.

15.	Alderman, &c. of each ward to be afteftors, and if they negleft to make returns, &c. or to aftefs the trophy tax, commiffioners may do ir. Same aft, f. 12.

16.	Commiffioners may appoint; an

adjutant.

 

Mil

adjutant, quarter matter, and regimental clerk, to each regiment, and three ferjeants, three corporals, and two drummers to each company, with one drummer to each flank company, to be cloathed once in two years, and ferjeants, &c. to live within one mile of London, and not to be publicans* Chap. 81. r. 15.

17.	Militia to be exercifed twenty-eight days annually, and amenable to the mutiny laws, and arms, cloathing, &c. when not wanted, to be kept where the commiffioners (hall dired ; and privates to be cloathed once in five years, and to receive one (billing a day pay ; and

. nomcommiflioned officers allowed one (hilling and nine-pence a week in lieu of quarters ; and treafurers and clerks may be appointed ; and militia men fubjed to 26 Geo. 3. c.

107.	but this a61 not to prejudice the rights of the city of London. Same ad, f. 22.

18.	His Majefty, in cafe of invafion, &c. may order the militia to be embodied, and put one regiment under the command of general officers, which may be led twelve miles from^London> or to the near-eft encampment, and trophy tax to be railed as ufual, and applied to pay the expence of the militia, and perions ferving in the militia not liable to ferve as peace officers, and when in actual fervice an agent may be appointed. Same ad, f. 32.

19.	Ads 33 Geo. 3. c. 8. 34 Geo.

3.	c. 16. and 47. to extend to this a6t, and 24 Geo. 2. c. 44. to extend to the commiffioners, and affeffors under this a6t, and cora-millioners may order the non-com~ midioned officers with officers to be put under the order of magistrates, &c. and commidions heretofore granted, void. Same ad, f. 42.

Nav 741

Mint.

18,844/. 12;. 4d. for expences of the mint. Chap. 49.

Mittens.

See Gloves. Chap. 10.

Mujlins.

See Linens. Chap. 23.

Mufquito Shore.

1,084/. 15;. iffued to Meflrs. Marjh and Spranger as a compenfa-tion for enquiring into Ioffes on the Mufquito fhore. Chap. 49.

Mutiny.

For punifhing mutiny and defer-tion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters in 1794-Chap. 13.

N.

National Debt.

200,0001. to be iffued to the bank of England, to be placed to the account of the commiffioners for the redudion of the national debt. Chap. 48,49.

Navigable See Canals, Navigable.

Navigable Rivers.

See Rivers, Navigable.

Navy.

I- 5^525,331/. 11 s. 3d. granted for naval fervices for the year 1794-Chap. 49.

2.	Perfons obttruding officers of the navy in the execution of their duty, liable to be lentenced to three years hard labour on the river Thames, Chap. 50. f. 5.

Navy Bills.

I.	Navy or vidualling bills made out before March 31, 1793, with

intereft

 

jntereft to March i, 1794, marked thereon, carried to the navy office by April 12, to be exchanged for certificates to the bank, intitling the holders to one hundred and one pounds capital flock, at five pounds per cent, per annum, to commence January 5, 1794, for every one hundred pounds. Chap. 21.

2.	From April 5, 1794, navy and victualling bills (hall be made payable on a certain day. Same at, f. 18.

3.	The time for delivering in navy and victualling bills limited by an at of this feffion, extended to July 1, 1794. Chap. 56.

Navy, Commijfioners of.

See Accounts, Publick. Chap. 59.

Nen, River.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 85.

Nene, River.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 92.

New Brunfwick.

4,400/. granted for the civil efta-blifhment of New Brunfwick, in America. Chap. 49.

Newbury, Berkfhire.

See Canals, Navigable, Chap. 90.

Newfoundland.

j. To continue an at for eftablifhing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfoundland, and fo much of 16 Geo. 3. c. 47. as relates to fees of officers of cuftoms \nNeiofoundland, revived. Chap. 44.

2.	1,344/. 15. 6d. granted for the charge of falaries of the governor and civil officers there. Chap. 49,

New South Wales.

1.	4,795/. 85. id. granted for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 49.

2.	19,820/. 85. lod. for provifions, &c. fent there. Same at.

Newfpapers.

See Stamps. Chap. 72.

Nine, River.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 85.

Norfolk Ifland.

To enable his Majefty to eftablifh a court of criminal judicature there. Chap. 45.

Nova Scotia.

5,315/. granted for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 49,

o.

Ordnance.

1.	576/. 195. 5d. for land fervice of the ordnance prior to December 31, 1783. Chap 49.

2.	925/. 45. 3d. for the fame in 1792, Same at.

3.	61 r, 419/. 115. 8d. for the fame in 1793. Same at.

4.	30,350/. 35. 6d. for fea fervice of the fame in 1793. Same at.

Ordnance, Board of.

See Accounts, Publick. Chap. 59%

Outwell, in the IJle of Ely.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 92.

P.	Paper♦

 

Pap

P.

Paper.

I. IfpOR repealing the duties on pa-per, pafleboard, millboard, fcaleboard, and glazed paper, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 20.

The following duties of cuftoms and excife to be paid, viz.

£■	5.	d.
2. For writing, drawing.		
printing, &c. paper imported, per pound. 0	0	JO
- — made in Great		
Britain, per do. 0 For coloured, and whi-	0	2i
ted brown paper imported, per do. 0	0	4
•	made in Great Bri-		
tain, per do. 0 For brown paper impor-	0	1
ted, per do. 0 		 made in Great	0	2
Britain, per do. 0 For every other fort of	0	of
paper imported, per do. 0	0	10
	 made in Great		
Britain (except fheath-ing, and button paper) per do. 0 For pafte, mill, and	0	2i
fealeboard, imported, per cwt. 1	0	0
	 made in Great		
Britain, per do. ~ 0 For glazed paper impor-	10	6
ted, per do. 0	12	0
		made in Great		
Britain, per do. 0 For paper for hangings	6	0
imported, per lb. 0 For books imported per	0	6
cwt. 1	3	4

Same aft. f. 2.

3. Duties to be under the commiffi-oners of cuftom^ and excife, and

Pap	743

makers of paper, Sec. fo make an entry with the excife officer of their mills, &c. on penalty of fifty pounds. Same aft, f. 5.

4.	All paper, &c. to be made up in certain quantities, and notice given to the excife officer when paper is intended to be weighed, and commiffioners of excife to provide ftamps; and counterfeiting (lamps, or felling paper with a forged mark, penalty five hundred pounds. Same aft, f. 6.

5.	Direftions to officers for damping paper, and fifty pounds penalty for defacing marks on wrappers, &c. and officers may take out famples, and feize paper found of a different clafs than marked on the wrapper, and fifty pounds penalty for marking a falfe clafs on wrapper. Same aft, f. 10,

6.	Paper makers to make entries at the excife office every fix weeks of the quantities made, and within fix weeks after the duty to be paid, on penalty of double the amount, and no paper to be removed until an account (hall be taken by the officer, &c. on penalty of fifty pounds. Same aft, f. 12.

7.	No paper, See. to be removed until twenty-four hours after weighing, and paper. Sec. weighed to be kept feparate, that the fupervifor may re-weigh it, on penalty of fifty pounds, and on forty-eight hours notice, paper. Sec. may be removed from one mill to another to be finifhed, on certificate from the officer, and paper, &c. damped to be kept feparate, and one clafs apart from another. Same add, f*

8.	Officers may enter mills, &c. and take an aceount of paper made, and make a report to the commiffioners of excile, leaving a copy with the maker, if demanded, and forty (hillings penalty on the officer to the maker for not leaving a copy,

and

Hosted by GoOglC

744	Pap

and makers to keep fcales and weights for the ui'e of the officer, and affift in weighing, and officers to give the turn of the fcale in favour of the crown, allowing the maker two pounds per ^hundred weight, but no weight lefs than one pound to be ufed, on penalty of lofing the allowance, and paper, &c. fraudulently hid to be forfeited, and officers may fearch for paper, &c. fo concealed, on warrant from commiffioners of excife, or juftices of the peace, and fifty pounds penalty for concealment. Chap. 20. f. 18.

9.	No ftationer (hall receive into his poffieffion any paper made in Great Britain, but in an entire ream, &c. on penalty of fifty pounds, and no wrapper to be returned to the maker, but on opening paper to be deftroyed, and one hundred pounds penalty on ftationers fending, or makers receiving ufed wrappers, but not to extend to paper opened and returned as difliked. Same ad, f. 24.

10.	Paper, materials, utenfils, &c. liable to the duties and penalties, and paper made in Great Britain may be exported, and a drawback allowed, and the paper to be inclo-fed in the wrapper in which it was charged with duty; and printers or bookfellers may export books, and a drawback allowed, and luch drawback not to be allowed unlefs the water mark be vifible in the paper, nor for Latin books, &c. printed in the univerfities, &c.

N and books without the w'ater mark, &c. put up for exportation, on drawback may be feized and forfeited. Same a<51, f. 27.

II.	Stationers may export ruled account books, and be allowed a drawback of two-pence a pound, but not unlefs the water mark be vifible, and proof of paper being of the clafs marked on the cover

Paf

to lie upon the owners, and one hundred pounds penalty for ob-ftruling officers. Same a<5f, f. 33,

12.	Duties on paper ufed in printing Latin books, &c. in the univerfities of England and Scotland may be drawn back, and the treafury may order a drawback of two pence per pound on paper ufed in printing Bibles,' &c. Same a<51, f. 37.

13.	Pafieboard made in Great Britain of paper which (hall have paid duty, not liable to further charge, and persons taking a falfe oath to be liable to the penalty for perjury. Same ad, f. 42.

14.	Foreign paper imported in lefs quantity than a ream forfeited, and officers of cuftoms at the port of imortation to (lamp foreign paper, and the commiffioners to provide {lamps, &c. and fifty pounds penalty for defacing, &e. luch {lamps, See. and this ad not to alter 32 Geo. 3. c. 54. and five hundred pounds penalty for counterfeiting {lamps. Same ad, f. 44.

15.	An allowance for duties on paper, &c. damaged in fending by water within this kingdom, to be paid on certificate by the juftices at quarter feffions. Same ad, f. 49.

16.	Ad 21 Geo. 3. c. 24. repealed, and duties of cuftoms impofed by this ad to be raifed, as the duties repealed were raifed, and this ad not to charge with the duties paper, Scc. imported from the Jfie of Man under 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. Same ad, f. 53.

17.	Ten pounds penalty and double the value of each book, on importing for fale books fir ft printed in this kingdom, and re-printed in any other, except books not printed within 20 years before imported. Same ad, f. 57.

Pafieboard.

See Paper, Chap. 20.

Parliament9

Hosted by



Pdv

Parliament.

1.	Commiffioners appointed to ad-minifter oaths required by law to be taken by persons offering to vote at the election of members of parliament. Chap. 73.

2.	Returning officers, on requeft of

candidates, to appoint persons to adminifter the oaths of allegiance, &c. and eledtors to apply to fuch persons before voting, who (hall adminifter the oaths, and give certificates thereof, which (hall entitle persons to vote. Same a£t, f. 2.	,

3.	Perfons offering to vote without producing certificate, to withdraw and take the oaths, and if the number of persons fo appointed (hould be inefficient, more may be appointed, and returning officers to appoint proper places for taking oaths, and on notice to provide fuch places to be ready by the clay of ele&ion, and expences to be defrayed by the candidates. Same a£t, f. 3.

4.	Renewed petitions of persons praying to be admitted as parties to op-pofe the right of election, reported by feledt committees, (hall be pre-fented to the houfe of commons within fourteen days after the commencement of the feffion of parliament, and if fuch petitions be not renewed, the judgment of committees to be final. Chap. 83.

Paving*

1.	For paving and otherwife improving Tiverton, in Devonjbire. Chap. 52t

2.	For paving the footways in Abingdon, Berkjbire; for cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ftreets, &c. for removing and preventing encroachments and nuifances, and

Vol. XXXIX.

Pen 745

otherwife improving the faid town.

Chap. 89.

3.	For paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwife improving and keeping in repair the ftreets, fquares, &c. upon certain pieces of ground in the parifil of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George, BloomJ-bury, in the county of Middlefex, belonging to the Foundling Hofpi-tal. Chap. 96.

4.	To amend and enlarge an adt of 28 Geo, 3. for paving, &c. Cambridge. Chap. 104.

5.	For paving AbergavennyMon* moutbjhire. Chap. 106.

Pearl AJhes.

See Pot AJhes. Chap. 34.

Peers, Houfe of.

465/. 115. io*i. iffued to the marquis of Salifbury, for rendering the houfe of peers more commodious. Chap. 49.

Penitentiary Houfes.

1.	For eredting penitentiary houfes for confining and employing con-vidts. Chap, 84.

2.	The commiffioners of the treafury may fix upon ground, contract for eredling penitentiary houfes, appoint feoffees to treat for the ground, &c. who are to be a corporation, and copies of contracts to be laid before parliament. Same adt, f. 2.

3.	His Majefty may appoint governors of penitentiary houfes, and corporations, &c. may convey land, and purchafe money to be paid into the bank, and Jaid^out in other purchafes, and recompence

* to be made to tithe owners and tenants for life ; and in cafe of disagreement value to be ascertained Ccc	by

 

74-6	Poo

by a jury, and verdicds to be fin ah C' p- 84. f. 3-

4.	Feoffees may iffue warrants to the fherifF to return juries, and on payment of purchafe money, ground may be entered upon, but this a£f not to extend to houfes, parks, &c. Same act, f. 7.

Penny Pojt.

I One penny additional to be paid for letters fent by the penny pod, from any place without to any place within London, Wejhnlnjlcr, Southwark, and the fuburbs, and the p^dage may be paid or not on putting letters into the office. Chap. 17.

2.	The following rates to be taken, where the pottage has not been paid, on putting letters into the office, viz.

5. d..

For letters fent from one place to another in London> fVejlminJier, Southwark^ and fuburbs.	o 1

For letters fent from London,

&c. to places out of the fame, o 2 For letters fent from any place out of London, &c. to places within it, or from one place to another out of Lon-doily See.	02

Letters put into the penny pod to be forwarded by the general pod.	O 1

Sameadt, f. 3.

3.	The penny pod may be extended beyond ten miles from the general pod office, and this a£t to extend to all places where penny pod offices are or fhall be eftablifhed, and the furplus of the rates at the end of each quarter, to be deemed part of the revenue of the genera! pod office. Same add, f. 6.

Poor.

For better relief, regulation, and

Pot

employment of the poor, within the

town of Bedford. Chap. 98*

Pojlage of Letters.

See Surveyor General Chap. 75.

Pofl Office.

1.	See Penny Pof. Chap, 17.

2.	The pod matter general may eda-

blifh packets from Weymouth to Jer~ ' fey and Guetnj,y, snd take the following rates of poftage, viz. s.	d.

A bngle letter	02

A double letter	o	4

A treble letter	.0	6

Every ounce.	o	8

Chap. 18.

Pod offices and roads may be eda-bl illaed in jet'fey and Gu era fey, and the like rates taken for inland pod-nge as in England, and all adds re* lating to the pod office to extend to Jer'fey and Guernfey, and furplus of rates at the end of each quarter to be deemed part of the revenue of the general pod office. S-ame add, f. 2.

Pot Afhes.

i. Perfons indemnified who have been concerned in advifing or carrying into 'execution an order of the commiffioners of the trea-fury, refpecting the exportation of pot or pearl afhes. Chap. 34.

2» Suits for adds done under the faid order difeharged; and if profecut-ed after February xi, 1794, and the plaintiff becomes nonfuit, the defendant to have double cods; and in aedions already commenced, the defendant may apply to the court to day proceedings. Same add, f. 2.	;

3.	The King may prohibit the exporting or carrying coadvvife pot or pearl ada, and if exported contrary to fuch prohibition, it may be feized, and the offender to forfeit

 

747

Que

feit treble the value. Chap. 34.

f. 4.

Printers.

See Paper. Chap. 20.

Privy Garden.

So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 22. as was not repealed by 32 Geo. 3* c. 24. relating to the fale of the old lottery office, in Privy Garden, is repealed by this aft. Chap. 7c. f. 18.

Prize Ships,

1.	Veffels owned by fubjefts of the late French king, put under his Majefty’s protection, may be regif-tered as lawful prize, and intitled to the privileges of Britijb veffels, under certain reftriftions. . Chap.

- 42*

2.	His Majefty, on the arrival of any fuch veffel in any port of Great Britain, may authorife it to be re-giftered as a prize ihip. Same aft, f. 4.

3.	From July 20, 1794.9 no fubjeft of the late French king to be on board any fuch veffel, bound to any part of his Majefty’s dominions, unlefs he produce a certificate of his having taken the oath of fidelity preferibed by this aft. Same aft, f. 5.

4.	Ships of war and privateers, taken by the enemy, not liable to duty. Chap. 70.

Qc

Qualifications.

ACT of qualification for offices, &c. Chap. 12.

Quebec, Bifhop of.

1,504/. 105.6d. iffued to the bifhop of Quebec, &c. Chap. 49,

R.

Regifters of Ships'.

^EE Mariners. Chap. 68*

Richmond, Duke of .

See Watermen. • Chap. 65. f. 19.

Rigby, Right honourable Richard.

To enable the commiffioners of the treafury to afeertain what fum fhali be paid into the exchequer, in full fatisfaftion of the debt due on mortgage made by the late John Gardney Kemys, efq. in truft for the late right honourable Richard Rigby. Chap. 66.

Rivers, Navigable.

■I. For altering aft 7 Geo. 1. c. 15. for making the rivers Merfey and Irzvell navigable from Liverpool to Manchefter, in Lanca/hire, by incorporating the proprietors, and to declare their fhares to be perfonal eftate. Chap. 37.

2.	To remove difficulties in the execution of two afts for making the river Nine or Nen, from North amt) ton to Peterborough, navigable. Chap.

85*

3.	To amend aft 23 Geo. 3. for improving the navigation of the river Trent. Chap. 95.

4.	For improving the outfall of the river Welland, in Lincolnjhire, and for the better drainage of the fen lands, low grounds, and marches, difeharging their waters through the fame into the fea; and for altering and improving the navigation of the faid river Welland, by means of a new cut, to commence below a place called The Refervoiry and to be carried through the marfhes into Wyberton roads, between the port of BoJlon

C,cc 2	and

Hosted by



748

and a place called The Scalp, and

for building a bridge over the faid

cut. Chap. 102.

Rochdale, Lancajhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 78.

Rum.

See Excife. Chap. 3. 4.

8.

Saint Stephen, Briftol.

<^EE Brijlol. Chap, hi.

Sardinia, King of.

200,000/. granted to the King of

Sardinia. Chap. 49.

Scotland•

1.	See Excife. Chap. 2.

2.	The governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to in-creafetheircapital hock4,800,00c/. Scots, or 400,000/. fterling, and former adts confirmed, except where altered by this adt. Chap. I9*

3.	See Excife. Chap. 33.

4.	4,500/. granted for roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland. Chap. 49.

5.	A<5t in Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous imprifon-rpent, fo far as may relate to trea-fon, &c. fufpended until February i, 1795. Chap. 54.

0. To continue two a<5ls, 17 Geo. 2. and 7 Geo. 3. for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or a fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale, brewed for fale in Borrowjlounnejs, in Linlith-gowjbire, and for repairing the haf-fopur there* Chap. 9:.

Spi

Seamen.

See Mariners. Chap. 68.

Ships.

See Prize Ships. Chap. 42. 68. 70.

Hall.

For building a new (hire hall for

Stafford fire. Chap. 97.

Shrewfbury.

See Churches. Chap. 88.

Sick and Hurt, Commissioners of.

See Accounts, Publick. Chap 59.

Slate.

See Cufioms. Chap. 51.

S/czw Trade.

To continue adds for regulating the (hipping, and carrying (laves in Brit if veflels from Africa. Chap. 8o,

Solicitors.

See Stamps. Chap. 14.

Somers IJlands.

See Bermuda. Chap. 49.

Somerfet Place.

9,255/. 6s. 9d. granted for works there. Chap. 49.

South EJky River.

Szz Bridges. Chap. 100.

Special Bail.

See Common Pleas iff Lane after. Chap. 46.

Spirits.

See Excife. Chap. 2. 3.4.

Stafford-

 

Sta

Staffordjhire.

See Shire Hall, Chap. 97.

Stamps.

1.	See Gloves. Chap. 10.

2.	See Burials. Chap. 11,

3.	For every contract to ferve as a clerk, in order to admiflion as a folicitor or attorney in any court at Wejlminjler, a ftamp duty of one hundred pounds, and in any court of great feffions in Wales, Chejler, Lancafter, or Durham, fifty pounds. Chap. 14.

4.	No clerk fhall be admitted, unlefs the indenture be inrolled with an affidavit in fix months after execution^ and previous to pradfifing (hall make an affidavit of the payment of duty. Same adl, f. 2.

5.	Any attorney in the courts of great feffions in Wales, &c. fuing out any writ, &c. in the courts at Wejhnin-jler, without being admitted there, to forfeit one hundred pounds, arid attorneys and folicitors paying the duty in one court, may be admitted in others, without any furtherduty. Same adl, f. 4.

6.	Perfons admitted before the fifth and tenth of February, 1794, in one court, may be admitted in others without payment of duty, and articled clerks, having paid the duty, not fubjedl to any duty for new contradls with other mailers. Same adl, f. 7.

7.	Holders of bills of exchange, notes, &c. on January 1, 1794, liable to (lamp duty by 31 Geo. 3. c. 25. not ftamped, or improperly, may, before January 1, 1795, on proof of no fraudulent intention, have them ftamped, on payment of the duty and ten pounds ; and persons giving falfe evidence to be fubjedl to the penalties for perjury. Chap. 32,

Til !	749

8.	Single demy paper for newfpapers may be ftamped in ftieets, on payment of two-pence duty per flieet, inftead of double demy, but no (heet to exceed twenty-eight inches long, and twenty inches broad* Chap, 72.

Starbucky Samuel.

248/. i8r. to Samuel Starbuck, the younger. Chap. 49.

Stationers.

See Paper. Chap. 20.

Statute Duty.

See Highways. Chap. 74.

Stones

See Cujloms. Chap, 51.

Sugar.

1.	Drities impofed, and drawbacks allowed, on fugar imported by 31 Geo. 3. c. 15. made perpetual. Chap. 4.

2.	Adi 12 Geo. 2. c. 30* and fo much of adl 15 Geo. 3. c. 33. as relates to fugar, repealed. Chap. 42*

Surveyor General

May fend and receive letters free of poftage. Chap. 75, f. 22.

Swanfea, Glamorganftire.

See Canahy Navigable. Chap. 109.

T.

Tic knoll, Derbyjhirc.

(gEE Canals, Navigab. Chap. 93.*

Tiles.

SzeExcife. Chap. 15.

Tipton,

 

75°	, Uni

Tipton^ Staffordshire.

See Churches, Chap. 107.

Tiverton, Jdevonfnire.

See Paving. Chap. 52.

Tobacco.

1.	Perfons unfhipping, &c. tobacco* fhipped for exportation contrary to 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. to forfeit treble the value, &c. Chap. 50. f. 13.

2.	For faving to his Majefty the duty of new fubfidy on tobacco imported into Scotland. Chap. 55.

Tranfportation.

To continue fo much of feveral laws refpedbng tranfportation and imprifonment of offenders, as relates to temporary places of confinement. Chap. 60.

Treafon.

Perfons imprifoned for high trea-fon, &c. may be detained until February 1, 1795. Chap. 54.

Trent River.

See Rivers^ Navigable. Chap. 95.

Trinity Houfe.

See Watermen. Chap. 65. f. 21.

u.

United States of America.

TO continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the united ftates of America, until April 5, 1795. Chap. 5.

Wat

UniverStties,

See Paper. Chap. 20*

. v.

Victualling Bills.

gEE Navy Bills. Chap. 21. 56.

Victuallings Commiffioners of.

See Accounts PublicL Chap. 59.

Volunteers.

1.	See Militia. Chap. 16.

2.	Corps or companies of volunteers to be entitled to pay, and fubjedt to military difeipline when ufed, but not to be tried but by volunteer officers. Chap. 31.

3.	Volunteer non-commiffioned offi^ cers and drummers to be billeted, and ten pounds penalty for not delivering up arms, &c. when dif-charged. Same adt, f. 2.

4.	Commiffioned officers difabled in fervice, entitled to half pay, and volunteers not liable to ferve in the militia, and this adt to continue during the prefent war. Same adf, f. 4.

5.	See Militia. Chap. 47.

w.

Wajh.

gEE Excife. Chap. 2.

Watermen.

1.	For better regulating and governing watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen upon the river Thames, between GraveSend and WindSor. Chap. 65.

2.	So much of 2 & 3 Phil. & Mary, c. 16, as fubjedts persons taking

more

Wat

more than their fare to penalties, &c. repealed. Chap. 65. f. 1.

3.	The court of mayor and aldermen of London to make rules, &c. for regulating the condud of the watermen, wberrymen, and lightermen, upon the river Thames, and the faid rules to be approved and allowed by the lord chancellor, chief juftices, or chief baron. Same aft, f. 2.

4.	Copy of rules to be fent to the watermen’s company, and printed and publifhed, and the lord mayor, aldermen, and juftices, mayfum-mon and apprehend watermen, &c. and punifti offenders by fine and imprifonment, but conftables not to take watermen, &c. out of boats or craft, until moored. Same ad, f. 3.

5.	Power to fummon persons on refufal of payment of fares, and apprehend them on non appearance, and order payment, &c. and persons refuting to pay tares, or give their names and refidence, may be punifhed by fine, &c. Same a61, f. 7.

6.	Overfeers or rulers of the watermen’s company to bear and determine complaints between watermen and watermen, and apprentices to ferve, in addition to the time for which they are bound, the fpace of time they (hall be im-prifoned, and mayor, aldermen, &c. may adminifter oaths* Same ad, f. 9.

7.	This ad not to abridge the late duke of Richmond's right of holding a court in Gravefend, nor to leffen the liberties, &c. of the inhabitants of Gravefend, relating to the ferry from Gravefend to London, and not to abridge the powers of the mafter, &c. of the Trinity Houfe in licenfing mariners. Same ad, f. 19.

8.	This ad not to affed the prefent laws, unlefs hereby exprefsly alter-

• Wha

ed or repealed, and persons convid-ed under this ad not to be other-wife punifhed. Same ad, f. 22.

Welland, River.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 102.

Wendover, Bucks.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 24.

Weft Indies.

1.	Aliens redding in any place fur-rendered to his Majefty in the Weft Indies may ad as merchants or fadors. Chap. 42.

2.	During the prefent war, and fix months after, the lords for trade may, when the exportation of corn is prohibited, allow an additional quantity to thofe fpecified in 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. to be exported to the Weft Indies. Chap. 71.

Weft India Ijlands.

1.	For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons ading as fuch in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms. Chap. 35.

2.	Suits for having iftued orders for

exportation or importation of pro-vifions, &c. from or to illands in the Weft Indies, in foreign bottoms, fince February 2,	1793,

made void ; and if plaintiff becomes nonfuit, defendant to have double cofts, and in fuits already commenced, defendant may apply to the court to ftay proceedings. Same ad.

Whale Fifhery.

See Fi/bery. Chap. 22*

Whale Boats.

See Guftoms. Chap. 50. ft 10.

JVherrymcn.

75*

Wil ,

Wherrymen.

See Watermen. Chap. 65.

Wilkinfon ^ John, efquire.

For vefting in	Wilkinfon,

efa. in truft for the aflignees of Jofeph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a meffuage in Saint James9s Square, purchafed by the (aid Jofeph Freeman, of Matthias de Gandafequi% an alien, and for dif-

charging the fame from the right of the crown to alienage. Chap. 67.

Windfor.

See Watermen. Chap. 65.

Wijheach River.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 92.

Wynley Canal See Canals, Navigable. Chap, 25,

END OF VOL. XXXIX.

