THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno quarto GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the THIRD Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

VOL. XXVI.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq; Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1764.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all the

STATUTES

PUBLICS and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno quarto

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Third Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

I. AN act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

II. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

III. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

IV. An act for exhibiting a bill in this present parliament, for naturalizing his highness the hereditary prince of Brunswick Lunenburg.

V. An act for naturalizing his highness Charles William Ferdinand, hereditary prince of Brunswick Lunenburg.

VI. An act to continue, for a limited time, the free importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease, from Ireland.

VII. An act to explain and amend such part of an act made in the last session of parliament, (intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry, and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries to be charged on the said duties) as relates to cyder and perry made in this kingdom.

VIII. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

IX. An act for repealing the duties now payable upon bever skins imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for granting certain duties upon the exportation of bever skins and bever wool; and for taking off the drawback allowed on the exportation of such skins.

X. An Act for the more easy Discharge of Recognizances estreated into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

XI. An Act for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth, and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of Britsh made Gunpowder, and for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America.

XII. An Act to continue several Laws for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway; relating to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for punishing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks, Flood-gates, Sluices, or other Works, belonging to the Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament.

XIII. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and for preventing, in certain Cases, the obtaining of Allowances in respect of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

XIV. An Act for the better regulating of Buildings; and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

XV. An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majestys Sugar Colonies in America); for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade); and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain.

XVI. An Act to enable Infants who are seised of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the Dutchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, in Fee, or for the Life or Lives of one or more other person or persons, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates by Order of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales.

XVII. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

XVIII. An Act for charging on the Sinking Fund certain Annuities granted by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned, to the said Fund; and also for consolidating such of the said Annuities as are granted for a certain Term of Years, irredeemable, with other Annuities granted by an Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

XIX.An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebeck in America, for a limited Time.

XX. An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

XXI. An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Durham.

XXII. An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's Subjects.

XXIII. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for Application of certain Savings of Publick Monies and of Monies arisen by the Sale of Military Stores and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks Apprentices and other Servants.

XXIV. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

XXV. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for raising certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof.

XXVI. An act for granting a bounty upon the importation of hemp, and rough and undressed flax, from his Majesty's colonies in America.

XXVII. An Act for granting for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies, to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

XXVIII. An Act to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order the Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Recess of Parliament, under certain Restrictions and Regulations therein mentioned.

XXIX. An Act for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Gulph and River of Saint Lawrence, and on the Coasts of his Majesty's Colonies in America.

XXX. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four.

XXXI. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to been stamped according to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to prevent the Destruction of Trees and Underwoods growing in Forests and Chases.

XXXII. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and for applying the Interest arising therefrom, towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court.

XXXIII. An Act for preventing Inconveniencies arising in Cases of Merchants, and such other Persons as are within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being intitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent.

XXXIV. An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting, from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the same.

XXXV. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, Sussex and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for Defence of the said Coasts, in pursuance of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

XXXVI. An Act to continue an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for extending the Laws, relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and Essex.

XXXVII. An Act for the better establishing a Manufactory of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under those Denominations, now carrying on at Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex; and for improving, regulating and extending the Manufacture of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under those Denominations, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

XXXVIII. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollments of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

XXXIX. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual two several Acts of Parliament, made in the second and third Years of his present Majesty, for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

XL. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster in the County of York; and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places, within the said Borough.

XLI. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Town and Parish of Kirby in Kendal in the County of Westmorland.

XLII. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry.

XLIII. An Act for maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the said Parish, and establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein.

XLIV. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through the Parishes of Shipley, West Grinsted, Ashurst, Steyning, Bramber and Breeding, in the said County.

XLV. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the Count of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and for turning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge, to Chapel in the Frith, and to Sparrow Pit Gate, and from Whaley Bridge, to the Western End of Longside Common, in the County of Chester.

XLVI. An Act to continue an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town House, and building a School, and other publick Buildings there; and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water.

XLVII. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads, from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge, and from the Garden of Henry Hattat, at Awbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tuderly, and from Lockerley Mill Stream, to East Dean Gate, and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury.

XLVIII. An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from Calington in the county of Cornwall.

XLIX. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a Passage for Carriages, from Cornhill to the Bank, and making more commodious several other Passages leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and making the same more commodious.

L. An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

LI. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby.

LII. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handsworth and Darnall, to the North East End of Avercliffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

LIII. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint Mary's, to Sutton Wash, in the said County.

LIV. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled An Act for making, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George, Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent; and for repairing Lambeth Back Lane, and for lighting and watching the said Roads.

LV. An Act for establishing a regular and nightly Watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish, of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex.

LVI. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk.

LVII. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bosmere and Claydon, in the County of Suffolk.

LVIII. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk.

LIX. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, in the hundred of Samford, in the county of Suffolk.

LX. An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the City of Gloucester, and for lighting the Streets of the said City.

LXI. An act for repairing and widening the road from Derby to Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, and several other roads therein mentioned.

LXII. An Act for continuing the Terms of, and amending, the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for widening and amending the Road through the Parish of Bromesberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and through Corse Lawn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to Worcester.

LXIII. An Act for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road, between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton.

LXIV. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County.

LXV. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the said County of York.

LXVI. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for repairing the Road from Newland Bridge, to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding.

LXVII. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter's Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield, called Stockwell, and from the Bridle Gate, at the Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.

LXVIII. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster.

LXIX. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York.

LXX. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the twelfth of King George the First, and of the third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and also for amending and widening the Road, from the Sign of the Horse Shoe, in Uckington, to Longnor Green; and also from the West End of Hatcham Bridge, to the Cross Houses upon the Bridgenorth Turnpike Road, in the said County.

LXXI. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Malling Street, near Lewes, and other Roads in Sussex, to the Road leading from the North End of Offham, to the Spittle Barn in Lewes aforesaid.

LXXII. An Act for continuing one Moiety of the Duties, granted by an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Year of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been by several other Acts, continued till the twelfth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and for applying the same to compleating and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and for more effectually compleating and keeping in Repair the said Harbour.

LXXIII. An Act for paving, repairing and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York; and for preventing Incroachments and Annoyances therein; and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen and Porters there.

---

LXXIV. An act for amending and supplying the deficiencies cf an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to amend and reader more ejjfeftual, several acts made for cleansing and enlightning the streets of the town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing anoyances therein.

LXXV. An act for supplying the borough and town of IVt* gen, in the county of Lantaster, with firefh and wholsome water.

LXXVI. An act for repairing and widening the road from Beverley to Rexby Bridge, in the jpoupty of fork.

LXXVII. An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Piper's Inn, in the parish of Ashcott, in the county of Somerset, to and through Glastonbury and Wells to the White Poll, in the great wejlem road, to the city of Bath, and from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the city of Bristol; and for repairing and widening federal other roads leading from the city of Wells.

LXXVIII. An act for explaining and amending an act made io the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for amending, widening, and repairing the road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the county of Kent; and also for amending, widening, and repairing the road leading from Cowgate and Arch cliffe Fort, in Dover9 through FoUfone, to the town of Hythe, in the said county.

LXXIX. An act to enlarge the term and powers of so much of an act of the twenty ninth year of the rpigp of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads therein described, leading from the town of Tewksbury, in the county of Gloucester, as relates to the first district of roads therein mentioned; and for amending the road from Comb Hilly to a bridge near Norton MiUy in the county of Gloucester, and from Eckington Bridge, to join the turnpike road which leads from Upton on Severn to PerJbore % in the county of Worcester.

LXXX. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the market place in Donington, and from the tenth mile (tone, in the parish of Gofbertowny to the eighth mile stone, in the parish of Wigtoft, in the county of Lincoln.

LXXXI. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the Bucks-Head at Watling Street, to Beckbury, and the New Inn; and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Post, in the parish of Kemberton, in the county of Salop.

LXXXII. An act for widening and repairing the road lead-'ing from Ashbomey in the county of Detby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present turnpike road from Sheffield and Chjlerfield to Derby, at or near a place called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in tftf county of Derby.

LXXXIII. An

A TABLE of the St ATUTES.

LXXXItl. An act for repairing and widening the road from Bramcott Odd House, in the county of Nottingham, to the Croft Toft upon Smalley Common, in the bounty of Derby, and front Ilkeston to the towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said county of Derby, and from TrowelI, in the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham.

LXXXIV. An act for repairing and widening the roads front Melton Mowbray, in the county o? Leicester, to the Guide Post irf Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from the town of Leicester, to the town of Lutterworth, in the said county, and other roads therein mentioned.

LXXXV. An act for repairing and widening the road front Scots Dyke, in the county of Dumfries, by or through the villages of Langholm and Hawick to Hpremofs, in the county of Roxburgh.

LXXXVI. An act to amend and render more effectual tw<* several acts passed in the twenty fourth and twenty eighth years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh, to and from the city of Edinburgh* and from Cramond Bridge to the town of Queens ferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

LaXXVII. An act for repairing several rbads leading front the town of Bideford, in the county of Devon.

LXXXVIII. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of Cardiff, and several other towns and places in the county of Glamorgan.

LXXXIX. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, in the hundred of Mutford and Lothingland, in the county of Suffolk.

XC. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundreds of Loddon and Clayering, in the county of Nor± folk.

XCI. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Wangford, in the county of Suffolk.

XCII. An act for the better paving of the streets and lanes, and for preventing nuifanCes and other annoyances, in that part of the parish of Portsea, in the county of Southampton, commonly called Portsmouth Common.

XCIII. An act for the better supplying the town of Knaref-borough, and that part of the township of Scriven with Tenter Gate adjoining upon the said town, with water.

PRIVATE ACTS

1. AN act for naturalizing Govert Caffau.

2. An act for naturalizing Andrew Solinus.

3. An act for naturalizing Peter Hafenclever, Johann Petelr Rucker, John Francis Blache, Andrew Vezian, James Charles Granges, and Jacob Muller.

4. An act for naturalizing ffWiam Dunant, John Christian Schrieber, Jonas Dael, and Charles Henry ThaMtzcr.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Hidixgton, in the county of Lincoln.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common field*, common meadows, common grounds, heath grounds, lanes, and wade ground, within Guilfborough, Coton, and Nor, in the county of Northampton.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields and grounds, in the manor and parish of Stainton in the Hole, in the county of Lincoln.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields', common and waste grounds, in the parish of Scarby, in the county of Lincoln.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common fields, and commons, or Waste grounds, in the paHfh of Chil-Vtr*s Ceton, in the county of Warwick,

10. An act for inclosing and dividing so much of the ftiObrdr Common, called Badley Moor, as lies within the manors of North Tuddenham, alias Saint Clares, Mattishall Tuddenham, on the part of North Ttiddenbam, and BciUhouse Hall, add in the paHfh 6f North Tuddenham, in the county of Norfolk, and certain other commons and wastes within the said manors and parish.

11. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, and common fen, in the parish of Horbling, in the county of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the raid fen.

1 z. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, and com-Inonable places, of and in Billefden, in the county of Leicester,

13. An act for establishing and confirming the inclosure and division of certain lands in Sudcoates, in the parish of Drypool, in the county of York, and for other purposes.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing several common and open fields and meadows, in the parish of Saint Margaret, near the borough of Leicester, in the county of Leicester.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Wartnuby, in the county of Leicester, and all the lands )uid grounds within the same fields.

16. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and Common

fields, meadows, and pastures of North Gave, in the east riding of the county of Yorks 0

17. An act for confirming articles of agreement for inclosing Shd dividing several open fields, and several pieces or parcels of arable, meadow, and pasture ground, within the township of Skipfca, in the county of York,

18. An act for dividing and inclosing the open krfd common fields and grounds in the township and parish of Skewing in flolderness, in the sounty of York.

iy. An act for extinguishing the right of common, in, over, and upon, certain commonable lands and grounds, within thfe manor and parish of Bromley, in the county of Kent.,

20. An act for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the counties of Stafford znd Salop, or one of them, from payment of tythes, and other ecclesiastical dues, and for settling other tythes in lieu thereof.

21. An

ATABLE of the STATUTES.

21. An act for draining certain fen lands and wet grounds* in the parish of Helgay, in the county of Norfolk.

22. An act for draining and preservine certain marsh lands and low grounds, within the township of Thorngumbald, in the county of York.

23. An act for establishing and carrying into execution certain articles of agreement therein mentioned, for a division of certain real estates in the county of York, late of Sir Hungerford Bland, baronet, deceased, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

24. An act for empowering the committee or committees, for the time being, of the estate of John Newport esquire, a lunatick, to make leases of his estates during his lunacy.

25. An act for carrying into execution, an agreement between the governors and guardians of the hospital for the maintenance and education of exposed anddeferted young children, and Robert Nedham esquire, deceased, relating to an estate in the island of Jamaica, devised by the will of Henry Nedham esquire, deceased.

26. An act for annexing the rectory of East Lockinge, in the county of Beris9 to the office of warden of the college of the Souls of all Faithful People deceased, of Oxford.

27. An act for sale of the freehold and leasehold estates of John Tregenna clerk, deceased, in the county of Cornwall, given and devised by his will, in trust for his children, and for paying and applying the money to arise by such sales, in manner therein mentioned.

28. An act to enable the vicar of the parish of Rochdale, in the county of Lancaster, to grant a lease or leases of the glebe lands belonging to the said vicarage.

29. An act to enable the reftor of the parish and parish church of Bury, in the county of Lancaster, for the time being, to grant leases, of the glebe belonging to the said rectory.

30. An act for making the exempliffcation of the will of Thomas King esquirp, deceased, evidence in all courts of law and equity, in Great Britain and Ireland.

31. An act to enable Richard Symons, an infant, (lately called Richard Peers) and the heirs of his body, to take and use the sirname of Symons, purfuai# to the will of Richard Symons esquire, deceased.

32. An act for naturalizing William Dingman and John Reinckt,

33. An act for naturalizing 3* MarteiWe of London, merchant,

34. An act for naturalizing Egbert Noemen.

35. An act for dividing and inftofing the common and open fields, ai>d commonable places of Shamford, in the county of feicester.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, commoq paftqres, common meadows, and other com-fnonablelands and grounds, in IPbet/lone^n the county of Leicester.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, lammas grounds, and other commonable lands and grounds ii> the parish of potherby, in the county of Lincolnf

38. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

3$. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, and commonable places in the parish of Stony Stanton, in the county of Ltkefltr, and the lands, meadows, and commonable places, in the lordship of Potters Marjion, in the said county, belonging to and used with the said fields of Stoney Stanton.

An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fkMs and pasture ground, in the lordship of Aldborough, in Mdieniffij in the county of York.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common fields, and ings, within the township and parish of Hmghtm in the Marsh, otherwise Holton in the Clay, in the county of Lincoln.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, lying, in the manor and parish of Stoke Albany, in the county of Northampton.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, of and in the manor and parish of Newnham, in the county of Northampton.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, of and in the manor and parish of Everdony otherwise Great Everdon and Little Everion, in the county of Northampton.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the parish of Ledger's AJbby, in the county of Northampton.

45. An act for dividing and incloting a certain moor or common, in the township of Crook and BiUyrow, within the parish of Brancepeth, in the county of Durham.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Atberfione, in the county of Warwick, and all the lands, meadows, and grounds, within the same.

47. An act for draining, preserving, and improving, the low grounds, and carrs, lying and being in the parishes, townships, hamlets, lordships, precincts, and territories of Sutton, Gainslead9 Swine, Bemingbolmey Benningbolme Grange, and Fairholme, North Skirlaugh, Rowtony Arnold, Long-Riston, Leveny Heigbolmey and HaUytree-Holmey Brandes-Burton, and Burfally Efiey. Ticktony Weely Routhy Meauxy and Wagheny otherwise Wawny in Holder-nefsy in the east riding of the county of York.

48. Anad to impower the right honourable John lord viscount Speneer, to make leases of the manor of Battersea and Wandsworth and of lands and grounds in Battersea and Wandfworthy in the county of Surrey, purchased in pursuance of the will of the moil noble Sarah late dutchess dowager of Marlborough, in order for building upon and improving the same.

49. An act for confirming a partition of several estates, late of Thomas Horton^in the counties of Wilts and Glouce/lery between William Blancby % hn Roberts, Richard Breretony and others, and for veiling and settling the premisses to the several uses therein mentioned.

50. An

A TABLE of the StATtTf ES.

50. An act for vesting the estate late of Edmund Hungate Ifrdg-han, e (quire, deceased, in the counties of Kent and Sussex, \tk trustees, in trust, to fell apd convey the same to Edward Louisa Mann eiyuiic, or as he shall; appoint, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose, and for applying the money arising by such sale, for the benefit of\ George Edmund Beaghan, his only (on and heir, an infant.

51. An act for vesting divers raeffuages and hereditaments h\ the city of London, the settled estateof Elizabeth Bretts wife of Charles Brett esquire, in the said Charles Brett, and his heirs* discharged from the uses of his marriage settlement, and for settling another testate, in the county of Middlesex, of greater va-r lue, in lieu thereof, to the uses limited of the said settled estate.

52. An act for discharging the uses and trurts of certain nors, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Norfolk, settled upon, and for the benefit of, William Wiggett BuUwer, and Afory his wife, and their issue, and for substituting and settling otonr ertates and hereditaments, in the same county, of greater value* in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

53. An act for vesting two shares in Ranelagh Heuse, gardens, and premisses, late the estateof James Debase, deceased, in John Ferrett and Robert Edmeston, and their heirs, in trust, to feli the same, and apply the money arising fronv such sale, to the several charitable purposes, as is directed by the will of the said Jams Delauntk

54. An act for vesting the settled estate of William Young esquire, in the county of Wilts, in trustees, to be sold, and fof laying out the money arising thereby, together with other money of the said William Young, in the purchase of other hereditaments, of greater value, to be settled in lieu thereof.

55. An act to enable John Pollard esquire (lately called John Carter) and his heirs male, totakeand use the surname and arms, of Poliard, pursuant to the will of Elizabeth Poliard, deceased

56. An act for naturalizing James Nahou de Bervillee, Johann Jacob Vckermann, and John Haufer.

57. An act for naturalizing James Alric.

58. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, heath and waste ground in the manor and parish of West Hadden in the county of Northampton.

59. An act for dividing and inclosing a waste ground, called The Marsh, in the township of Newport, in the county of Salop*and applying the produce thereof to the several purposes therein mentioned.

60. An act to enable Lucy Knightley esquire, to inclose several open and common fields, in the parish of Haversham, in the county of Bucks; and for vesting certain glebe lands, and the tythes belonging to the rectory of Haversham, aforesaid, in the said Lucy Knightley, and his heirs, and for making a compenfa* tien to the reftor of the said parish in lieu thereof.

61. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds,

and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and commonable lands, within the manor, parish, and liberties of Wejiktry, in the county of Buckingham.

62. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, and common pastures, in the parish of Nethe? Bmghton, in the county of Leicester.

<3. An act for dividing and mdofing a moor, or common* oScd Staindrop Moor, within the township of Staindrop, in the amnty of Durham. J

64. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, in the parish of Great Wigfion, in the county of Leicester*

65. An act for dividing and inclosing the open "and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the parish of Husbands Bosworth, other*-wife Boresworth, in the county of Leicester.

66. An act for dividing and inclosing the common or waste grounds within the manor of Wombwell, in the county of York,

67. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common field, common meadows, common pastures, comirion grounds, and commonable lands, lying within the township, hamlets, and liberties of Warbworth, in the county of Northampton.

68. An act for vesting divers manors, lands, and heredita*-ments, in the counties of Bedford, Dorset, and Lancaster, comprized in the marriage settlement of John earl of Ashbumham, in him the said earl, in fee Ample, discharged of the uses and trusts of that settlement, and for substituting and settling other lands and hereditaments, in the dominion of Wales, in lieu thereof, and to the like uses.

69. An act to impower the guardians of George earl of Eg?* tnont, an infant, to enfranchise certain customary lands and hereditaments, in the county of Cumberland, part of the settled estates of the earl; and also to impower the guardians of the said carl, and his infant brothers, to make leases of part of the said estate, in the county of Cumberland, and to make leases and copy* bold grants of the several estates limited and devised to them respectively by Charles earl of Egremont their late father, deceased, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

70. An act for vesting lands and hereditaments in Great Britain and Ireland, part of the cflate of James earl of Barymore, in trustees, for raising money towards paying and discharging the debts and incumbrances affecting his real estates.

71. An act for settling the estate of Henrietta Rosa PtregrinaTnvnfend, wife of James Toibnfend, esquire, according to certain articles of agreement executed before her intermarriage with the said James Townsend, but subject to the charges and incumbrances affecting the same.

72. An act for enlarging the charitable uses, extending the objects, and regulating the application of the rents and profits of the estates given by Sir William Harpur knight, and dame Alice his wife, for the benefit of the poor, and other objects of charity, of the town of Bedford.

73. An act to enable the warden and fellows of the college of Christ, in Manchester, in the county palatine of Lamaster, for the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the time being, to grant leases of the glebe lands belonging to the said college.

74. An act to impower the honourable George Lane Parker, to (hut up a road or way now used over certain inclosed lands* in the parish of Gamblingay, in the county of Cambridge, and for extinguishing all right to a certain toll which he now is intitled to in two lanes* near the said road or Way, and for obliging him to keep the said lanes in repair.

75. An act for enlarging the time given to trustees therein named, to execute certain trusts vested in them, in and by an act of parliament made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for vesting the remainder in fee of several lands in Ireland, the estate of Arthur Plunkett esquire, in trustees, in order to fell futh lands to protestant purchasers$ and also by another act of parliament made in the thirty second year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for giving further time 4o trustees therein named, to execute certain trusts vejled in them, in and by the said all of parliament made in the said sixteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty.

76. An act for diverting out of the crown, the reversion in fee* of certain lands in Ireland, late the estate of Matthew Dowdall, a papist, deceased, expectant upon the death of his three grand* Ions, without issue male; and for vesting the lame in Anthony Ladeveze, of the city of Dublin esquire, a protertant and his heirs.

77. An act for diverting out of the crown, and to vert in GeT raid Fitzgerald, of Ratborne % in the county of Meath, in the "kingdom of Ireland, esquire, and his heirs, the reversion in fee of and in several lands in Ireland.

78. An act to enable the mayor and aldermen of the town of Saffron Walden, in the county of Essex, the guardians or trustees of King Edward the Sixth's alms-houses there, and other the feoffees thereof, to convey part of the lands, revenues, and pof-sessions, of the said alms-houses, to Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his heirs, in exchange for other lands of greater value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them, to the uses, and upon the trusts therein mentioned; and for vesting part of the lands of Thomas Fuller 1 an infant, m Saffron Walden aforesaid, in the said Sir John Griffin Griffin, and his heirs, in exchange for other lands of greater value, to be conveyed to the said infant, and his heirs j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

79. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the town and county of Northampton, devised by the will of Edward Bayly, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money, arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the like uses.

80. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Weller esquire, with Charlotte Wilson, his now wife, and to enable him to many 3gain: and for other purposes therein mentioned.

81. An act for naturalizing Peter Pohlmanny and David Godin*

82. An act for naturalizing Henry Koci.

83. An act for naturalizing Alexander Joseph Pc it tier*

---

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno quarto GEORGII III. Regis;

CAP. I.

AN act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary

---

/applies to defray your Majesty's public expences, have freely and voluntarily refohed to give and grant unto your Majesty, the rates, duties^ and impositions herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That within and throughout that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed9 ice. See.

Malt act of i Geo. hi. further continued to 14th June 1765. — Malt in Scotland to pay 3d. per bushel. Mum to s. per barrel. Cyder and per. ry made for sale, 4*. per hogshead. How these duties are to be raised, — 10, 0001, to be raised in Scodand. Surplus to be added to the fish-

cries, ice. --This act to relate to the same day and time, as the act 1 Geo. III. did. — Malt brought from Scotland by sea, to be entered at the port of landing: brought by land, to be entered at Berwick or Carli/U. — Cyder for distillin* not chargeable. Distiller to give notice to the

officer when he'distils cyder.-Allowances for exportation of malt.

1 W. and M. On certificate of malt being exported, and security, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relanding, over and above the penalty of the bond, all the malt and treble the value forfeited. — Malt steeping for exportation to be kept separate till measured. Maiders to give notice to officers, See. — Penalty on opening the locks, &c. after malt is measured, &c. — Malfters, on 14th June 1764, to clear out of their warehouses all malt within fifteen months. And so all future malfters. — Clauses in aft 1 a Anne and 6 Geo. 'x. 5 s. per bushel penalty on all com steeping or steeped for malt, which shall be found in the cistern or couch, so hard and compact as it could not be, unless the same had been forced together to prevent the riling. — fool, penalty on fraudulently conveying from the cistern any Imping of corn, and mixing the same with other com charged with duty in the couch $ or fraudulently conveying the same away, so that no gauge of such com can be taken in the couch. — Penalties how to be recovered. — Buyers of cyder or perry for their private use nbt to be charged. — Persons felling left than 10 galions, to be deemed retailers, 1 — Qause of loan at 4l. per cent. Tallies of VOL. XXVI. B.low

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 2. [1764.

loan to be struck, ice. Orders registered and paid in couffe. No fee for registering, See. Penalty for undue preference* No undue preference, where tallies are dated or brought the same day j nor if subsequent orders be paid before such as were not demanded in course. Orders affigftable.Commissioners of the treaAiry impowered to prepare any number of Exchequer bills of one common sum9 or different lums, in the principal monies. — Bills to bear interest at 4l. per cent per annum. These bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treasury to diretf the course of payment for loans or Exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques See. — The bills to be placed as cash in the Exchequer, and to be lfltred there* out in common with other monies, and to be current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. -- Tallies to

be levied for bills lent into the Exchequer. — Interest to continue till payment.--- Interest to cease whiUt the'bills are in the hands of receivers, &c.- Bills paid to receivers, See. to be signed and dated. Interest to be allowed to the said days. - --The bills may be reissued, both for principal and interest. — Receivers to keep a book. — Bills filled up by indorsements, or defaced, to be exchanged. — Bills not exceeding 50001, each to be made forth at the Exchequer. — Forging

Exchequer bills, felony.*--- How the monies arising by this act shall be

applied. --Treasury on 19 Sept. 1765, to take an account of all monies raised and difehareed. — - — Unsatisfied monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out of the sinking fund. — Commissioners to appoint persons ta pay off principal sums, which shall from time to time be m course of payment upon Exchequer bills. — Money, as brought in, to be paid to the

pay matters.-- Bills to be registered In course. When interest to

cease. Paymasters liable to the controul of the treasury. — Treasury to settle salaries of clerks, Scc. and to contract with persons to circulate bills. See. — Contra&ors not disabled from being members of parliament: may lower or raise the interest with content of the treasury.

ContrattoYs how to be paid.- — No fee to be taken. No interest for

less than one penny. Charges to be paid out of the sinking fund: to be replaced out of the first supplies.«CUufe of relief for bills lost or destroyed...- Bills discharged to be cancelled.- — Sinking fund appropriated to discharge national debts incurred before i^Doc. 1716.-

tendency of malt tax % Oeo. ili. howto be supplied.--Arrears of former duties to be applied in aid of the supplies granted for the year

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four

Most Gracious Sovereign, f

\\f E your Majesty 5 most dutiful and loyal subsefts, the commons preamble# of Great Britain, in parliament ajfmbled, taking into our serious consideration such expences as are absolutely necessary for sup- porting your Majesty's government, and being refehed to suppfy the same, have for that end and purpose cheerfully and voluntary given and granted, and do by this act give and grant unto your Majesty, the several and respective rates and assessments hereafter mentioned; and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and, with the advice and consentt of the lords (j)iritual and temporal, s'°37ancfiid.n<* commons>in this present parliament assembled, and by the tlbe raised in authority of the same, That the sum of two millions thirty Great Britain seven thousand eight hundred fifty four pounds, ntnefeoa- - Jhilsings,

4.] Anno quarto GEORGII III. c. 2.

I btitmgs, ind eleven pence, shall be raised, levied, and paid into his Majesty, within the kingdom of Great Britain, by such proportions, and in such manner and foraij as hereafter in this act are expressed.

And it is hereby declared and eni&ed by the authority Ardaid, That, &c. &c.

9°°1-amd 9d. to be raised in England in oiid year from Mrcb 1764. — Personal estates (except desperate debts, stockton land, kofehoW goods, and loans to his Majesty} to pay 4 s. in the pound. — Employments of profit (except military officers of the army or navy) to 4 s. per pound — Pensions and annuities out of thd Exchequer, Sec* 10 pay, Sec. — Lands, tenements, mines. Sec. to be charged With equality sod indifference. Sec. — Lands, &c. subject to relit-charges, annuities, &c. ^Commissioners of the land tax for the year 1763, to put this act ill exe-eurioa. — Commissioners to meet on or before the 30th of Aprils 1764, as by the a£ 4 W. and M. and m4y subdivide themselves, Sec. — A lift of the coumissioners to act in each division, to be given to the receivers gene* rel.-^Commiflkmers, to summon At persons to be assessors, who ar{ to appear before them in eight days} and then to give them a charge. Per-wns absenting, or refilling to serve, forfeit, ndt exceeding 51, nor left thait

40 s. Assessors to be two at least, and sufficient inhabitants ----- Affef-

mentt to be brought in at a day and place prefixed.--- The full sum

charged to be assessed. — certificate of the assessment to be brought ia trim the collectors names. — Assessors, &c. neglecting their duty to be

fined not above 401.--- Assessors to driver one copy of the assessment*

to the commissionert.- — Duplicates thereof to be signed, Sec. and one delivered to the collectors, Scc. with warrant for collecting. — Commissioni ere required to give collectors notice at what time and place the appeal of any person who shall think himself aggrieved by being over-rated, mar be heard and determihed. — A duplicate in parchment to be delivered, together with the names of the assessors and collectors, to the receiver-general; and one to the remembrancer's office, by 8th August 1764, or twenty days after (all appeals first determined) — Remembrancer to give receipts gratis on penalty of iqI. — The rates to be levied on the

parties, or premiflfes; and to be paid to the receivers-general, Stc.-The

money collected to be paid to the receiVer-general, or deputies; and they to give commissiofters notice. — Collectors not obliged to travel above ten miles. — Removal or death of receiver-general to be notified to the eofltmissioners. — 497, 475 b 4 s. and 8d. 1. q. for the first quarterly payment, to be paid to the receivers by 14th Jme 1764. the fecood payment by 19th September 1764. the third payment by 15th December 1764- the

mt payment by the 15th Match 1765. ----- Receiver-general within t

month aftci* receiving the foil sum charged, to give the of a receipt: which shall be a full discharge for payment. Receivers-general within twenty days tdpay the monies into the Exchequer; and to be allowed 1 d. in the pound. — - Collectors to have 3 d. in the pound. Commiflkmers d<rk$ to have three half pence in the pound. — Collectors may levy by distress, in cafc of refusal of payment. Distress to be kept four days at the owner's charge j then appraised and fold, and the over-pi us returned, Sec. Commissioners to determine differences about distress* Pot want of distress offender may be committed (except a peer or pecrefs f Great Britain) — Tenants to pay the tax, and deduct 10 much out of the rents. — Tenants discharged for what they so pay. Commissionert to settle differences between landlord and tenant. Commissioners to eause aD deficiencies to be reassessect, and made good. — Assessor re-fiifing to serve, to forfeit not exceeding 401. fine; not to be discharged but by commissioners who iraposed it; and levied by distress or imprisonment, md paid into the Exchequer, and inserted in the duplicates.--- Collec-

tors detaining the money, to be imprisosted, their estates seized and fold,

Ac.--- Commissioners to examine whether the sums assessed be duly col-

case of controversies in assessing commiflkmers> the k*£ a cora-

4 Anno quarto Georgii III. C*ii [1764.

commissionert concerned to withdraw: in default to be fined, not above no 1* — No privileged place or person exempt from this tax. Fee-farm

rents, &c. to be taxed. Tenants to pay the rates.----- Colleges, Sec. in

the universities, Sec. not chargeable*nor the houses or lands, which before the 15th of March 1603. did belong to Christ's-hospital, See. nor corporation of clergymen's fons, Bromley college, or any other hospital or alms-house. — No tenants of hospitals, See. to claim any exemption. — Such tenants not discharged, who by leases are obliged to pay taxes. — - Commissioners to determine how far lands. Sec. belonging to hospitals.

Sec. not exempted by name, ought to be charged.--All hospital lands

&c. assessed by 4 W. and M. liable to this aid, and no other. — < Receivers of fee-farm rents, 8cc. to allow 4 s. per pound to the parties, without fee, on penalty of 20l. Auditors, Sec. setting tenants injuper for what ought

to be allowed, or refilling allowance, to forfeit 1001.--Such fee-farm

rents only to have an allowance of 4 s. per pound, as are answerable to the crown, or were purchased according to as and 23 Car. ii. The owners to allow the same to the party paying. — Lifts of pensions &c. to be delivered gratis to the assessors. Taxes on pensions. Sec. not paid, to be stopt in the Exchequer. A true account to be kept of the money stopt.

Persont to be taxed in the parish where they dwell.--- No proviso to

lessen the full sum by this act to be levied. — Contrafts between landlord and tenant, touching taxes, not to be avoided.--All places to pay,

where usually assessed.--- Wefi Barnfield to be assessed in the lathe of

Skray, Com. Kent, Northmore, Com' Oxen, in Brampton. CharUmry, See in ChadBngtoa, Leeds, com* Bhor. in Skyrae. Omberjtey, Sec. com' Worcester in Opwald/krw hundred. Parish of YardUy, in Halflbire hundred. Forest of Chute, where the first 4s. aid was assessed. Upton, in Perfbore

hundred. Colder and Ayre, at Wakefield and Leeds.----- Inhabitants of

appartments, Sec. in Somerset house, to be assessed in the same proportion with those in Lancaster liberty. — General issue. Treble costs. — Where lands Sec. are unoccupied, and nodiftrefs found, collectors may

distrain at any time after.--- Wood may be cut down, and fold for di-

itrefs (Timber-trees excepted)--- Tithes, tolls, Scc. not paid within fix

days after demand, Sec. may be seized and fold.--Receiver general re-

turning persons, who have pud the tax, to be in arrear, forfeits treble damages to the party grieyed, and to his Majesty double the sum so returned.- — Commissioners to afiefs the assessors. — None compelled tQ

be assessors out of the limits of the city, &c.-Assessments on foreign

sninifters houses to be paid by the landlords.--In places extraparochial

of to nominate assessors and collectors, Sec.-No commissioner. Sec. liable to any other penalties than such as are inflicted by this act. — Commissioners not to act without taking the oaths by 1 Geo. i. Sec* — acting before oaths taken forfeit 2001.--Officers to pay, where employed, Sec. - --Officers in chancery to be assessed in the rolls liberty.

Annuities where rated. Pensions, where payable. Personal estates, where persons resident, &c. Persons not householders, where resident. Absent persons to be rated where they were last resident. — Goods, Sec. to be assessed where they shall be.-Persons doubly rated, discharged on certificate. — Not to extend to Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey. — Persons avoiding the tax, charged treble. — Householders to give an

account of their lodgers, on forfeiture of 5l.--Shares in the New river#

Sec. to pay 44. per pound. Shares in the Fire offices, and in the lights, and the King's printing-house to pay 48. per pound. Merchants, bank of England, post office, &c. to be paid by the governors. — Governors# Sec. of the river-waters, and water-works remfing to pay, the collectors

impowered to levy the sum by distress and sale.-Papists 18 years of age

not taking the oaths 1 W. and M. to pay double: unless taken within ten days after the of first meeting. — Persons of 18 years of age

refusing the oath, to pay double.-Commissioners to summon fufoe&ed

persons, Sec. — Quakers to subscribe the declaration 1 W. and M. — Commissioners to double assess papists, whece assessors omit. — ^Tenants discharged from double rates. — King's bench, Marshalsea prison. Sec. to be ulefled in St. George's parish, fee, — Oncers of the Marshalsea

court

f?64-l

Anno quarto Georgii III. c.

court rcfnfing to par, Sec. collectors by warrant from of may

dlftrain. If no goods sufficient, officers to be imprisoned.-Fleet prison

to be assessed in St. Brule's.--Officers at v Stoke Damrel, near Plymouth.

to be assessed within the town of Plymouth, &c. — Officers of the hospital*tap Stonthouse, to be assessed and within the town of Plymouth.o1. to he pud oat of the sum assessed on the said officers, in aid of the assessment

os lufl Stonthouse.--- Water-works in South-work to be assessed in Sur-

19. — Water-works in Westminster to be assessed there. Offices, Sec.

ii Whittball and St. James's to be there assessed.-Collectors of the

aster-works in CdcbeRer chargeable. Collectors for the water-works in JKro Wtndfbr, chargeable. — Patent officers to bishopricks to pay where rfefled in 1693. — Commissioners appointed to act, without subdividing the parish of St. Andrew Holborn, in. Middlesex. The parish of St. George JUmver-fqstare to be charged with distinct Quota from the parish of St. Martin's in the fields. Debates arising concerning the joint Quota, the of who are inhabitants of either parish to withdraw, or to be

fined a sum not exceeding sol.--The parishes of St. John, St. Peter,

and Berebimgton, to be charged in Dover liberty, according to the alTeff-sient 4. W. and M. — Lands not worth 10s. per annum not chargeable* --Collectors keeping monies in their hands, to forfeit 401. - — Re-

ceiver- general misapplying the monies to forfeit 5001. Commissioners of the treasury, &c. not to divert the payments into the Exchequer. — No No&profetpu, Sec. in any suit against this act. - Commissioners to abate, where lands are over charged, and to re-assess, See. or raise it on nerfbns undercharged. — Receiver-general answerable for deputies* flub collector not to travel above ten miles, &c. Receivers not nominating deputies, &c. to forfeit 100l. — Commissioners for the county at largo, may act for any city. See.--- Mayors, bailiffs &c. to act as of spedally appointed. — --- Members of parliament to be taxed at their

snannon-houses. — First meeting for the West riding of York at Ponte* fraS 1 North riding, at Thirsk; East riding at Beverley.*No commissioner capable to act in any county at large, unless rated at xool. per annum (Merioneth, Cardigan, See. excepted) Commissioners for Anglesea, flee. to act, if rated at 60L per annum. — Commissioners, may act for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court, See. Attornies Sec. not to be of, without possessing 1001. per annum. No commissioner of the city of London, or liberty of St Martm le grand to act, unless rated at so I. per annum of his own estate, &c. No commissioner of the city, &c. of IPeflmmJler to act, unless rated at aol. per annum of his own estate. — Persons disabled presuming to act, to forfeit 50l. — s — Col-kftors of the new water-works in Exon, chargeable. — — Her Majesty the Oueen not chargeable $ nor her royal Highness the Princess dowager of Wales $ nor his royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, nor the pnn-ceft Jme&a, Superannuated sea-officers not to pay, See. nor poor knights of Windsor. — Residentiaries, in what cases not chargeable 1

nor 1001. per annum to the poor clergy of the isle of Man: nor pages of honour. — — Receivers-general to give notice of failures in payment of the taxes. - Commissioners for Lincoln to act in Lincoln-c/ofi, and,

for the county, in St. Martin in Stamford baron. — Auditor to keep a

register, Sec..Deputies to pay for principals, and on nonpayment

liable to distrefi. — Receiver-general to give a list of money received by him, at the time and place appointed. On refusal to forfeit any sum not exceeding sol. — — Collectors may keep so much money as any two of judge reasonable. — No receiver to return an insuper upon any county. See. after three years for monies in arrear j but the same to be a debt on him and his securities. Sheriff, on writs of disbingas, to return issues after the rate of 51. per cent, of the sum set an insuper: and

proofs tp issue thereupon, Sec.--- Water-works in Shrewsbury charge*

able. — Who shall have the benefit only of overplus sums uncharged*

- Clause for the ease of protestants, to whom lands, Sec. have come, which have been doubly taxed. Where lands doubly taxed are liable only, to a Angle assessment 5 of on complaint to examine into the -truth thereof, and to certify the same to the barons of the Exchequer, be-

B 3 fora

6

[Preamble.]

Anno quarto Georgii III. €- & Cx7^4f

forp zjth September, 1764 j. who are to dischargf the overplus before the la&

day of November 1764. Certificates of the sums discharged to be produced to the of at their next meeting. — Commissioners may summon col legion, who have converted lano-tax monies to their own uie» pr their heirs, &c. and on examination may HTue their warrants fof paying

such monies to his Majesty's use. — --- The payments made according to

the of warrants, &c. shall be discharges to the collqftors, or their heirs, &c. --- Cqllcftors not paying, may be imprisoned, and

their estates (eized and fold. Arrears of former land-taxes to b*

levied by the present of.--No receiver-general, or his

agents, may sue the county for a robbery, unless the persons carrying the jnoney be ip company, and three at least in number.----- Tolls or duties on turnpikes, not chargeable by this or any former act.-Com7

missioners may, before 19th September 17*4, summon afieflors j who havq not charged their estates since 6th May 1717, and examine them upon oath| and award satisfaction, to be levied and paid to the collectors. — Commissioners* &c. to distinguish and set down the grofc sums aflefed for double

taxes, to be transmitted in the Exchequer.--- Assessmentp on the tqwqx

of Cambridge to be raised on manors, See. and on fishings, See. on the rive?'

Cam.----- On whom and when, yearly aftefttnents on fairs, &c. to be

collected. Distress on default of payment how to be levied. Tenants of booths. Sec. to pay the rates, and deauft them out of their rents, Sec.

47.954b is. id. to be raised in Scotland, by an S months cess of 5.994b 5 s. id. 3 q. per menfeirt, to be rated as the tax roll now is, or shall be settled by themselves. — --- The first two months cess to be paid by i4.th of

June 1764, second, 19th September 1764, third 15th December 1764, fourth 05th March 1765. — Commissioners for putting this act in execution in Scotland, the same as for the act s Geo. III. Sec. And execution to be done as by the said act* First meeting to be at the head burghs on 30th April 3764. - All clauses in former acts relating to the bringing in thy cess, Sec. to be in full force.-No persons in Scotland, bolden to produce their receipts after 3 years.- — Debtor owing money in Scot/aad

at 6 per cent, to retain a 6th part of 6 per cent, from tith Nov. 1763, to xith Nov. 1764.4.7, 954b 1 s. 1 d. to be raised free of all charges, and to be paid at Edinburgh. - No person to be a commissioner of jthe land faxn Scotland, who is not enfeoft of tool. Scots, per annum real relit in the county where he acts. Exception. Commissioners in Scotland to take the baths, and subscribe the afiiirance.--- Provost, Sec. of aay royal borough may act as acommissioner.----- Clause of loan at4l. per cent —

Tallies of loan to be struck, Sec. Orders registered and paid in course. No fee for rfcgiftering, Sec. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference, where tallies are dated or brought the same day: nor if fob* sequent orders be paid before such as were not demanded in course.

*--- Orders assignable. — Commissioners of the treasury impowered

to prepare any number of Exchequer bills of one common sum, or different sums, in the principal monies. Bills to bear interest at 4b per cent* per annum. These bills to be numbered arithmetically. — - Treasury tq direct the course of payment for loans or Exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, Sec.--- Land tax. The bills to be placed as cash in the Exchequer.----- Clauses in the malt tax aft relating to Exchequer bill*

extended to this. — - How the monies arising by this act shall be applied. ----- Treasury on the 19 Sept. 176c, to take an account of all mo-

nies raised and discharged. — - unfatisned monies to be paid out of the nextaid, or out of the sinking fund. The monies to be replaced out of the first supplies. Deficiency of the land tax a Geo. III. how to be

supplied.

CAP. III.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS the raisingor keeping flooding army within this kingdom, in time of pea unless it be with consent of

'1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 3. y

parliament^ h apainst law: and whereas it is judged necessary bp his Majesty) and this present parliament, that a body of forces Should be continued for the Jafety of this kingdom, the defence of the possesstons of the crewn of Great Britain, and the preservation of the balance of power in Europe; and that the whole number of stub forces Number of Jhntld consist of seventeen thousand fve hundred and thirty two effec- forces, 17, 53s, trve men, including two thousand seven hundred and thirty nine tnva-. including lids: and whereas, during the late just and necessary war in which his a»739tov*lMf* Majesty has been engaged against France and Spain, same part of his Majesty's forces, exceeding the number aforesaid, has been employ-id in distant parts beyond the seas, which must render the time when such forces may return home uncertain; some of which are intended to be broke, and others reduced, as soon after such arrival as conveniently map be: and whereas no man can be fore-judged of life or.

Emb, or subjtfied in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law9 or in any other manner than bp the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces in their duty, that an exafi discipline bje thfirotiy and that soldiers who shall mutiny, or Jiir up sedition^ or shall desert his Majesty's service within this realm, or the kingdom of Wand, Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, or the islands thereto belonging, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow; be it therefor* enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and

After «4 March 1764, during the continuance of this act, every officer and private man, who (hatl mutiny or desert, See. or lift in any other re-

Eit, See, or shall be found deeping on, or shall desert his post, or hold correspondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or shall (hike, or 7, his fuoerior officer j shall suffer death, or such punishment as a-court-martial shall in Aid. — The King may grant commission to hold

court-martial. See.--Court-martial may infLid corporal punishment for

immoralities. See. — General court-martial not to consist of left than 13; and the pfefident to be a field officer, or officer next in seniority, not

under the degree of a captain. --May administer an oath to witnesses,

- Officers to be sworn. The oaths. — The judge-advocate to be

sworn. The oath.--- In sentences of death, nine officers to concur. See*

Hours of trial.--- The party tried, intitled to a copy of the feutence

and proceedings of the court-martial. — Original proceedings, Scc. of courts-martial to be transmitted to the judge-advocate general in London,

See--- rNone to be tried a second time for the lame offence, except in

case of appeal.--- This act not to exempt soldiers from ordinary procef*.

- Penalty on false certificates to excuse soldiers from mutters. — Penalty on officers making false musters, Scc. — Fiditious names allowed by his Majesty's order upon, the muster-rolls for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a fa He mutter. — Mutter-matter to give notice of raufter to a mayor. See. Penalty on neglect. Muster-rolls

to be ligned by the mayor, &c.--- Penalty on persons offering themselves

to befaltty mustered. — Hories falsly mustered, to be forfeited, &c. —

Forfeiture how to be levied. — Officer embezzeiling, See. military stores, to be cashiered, and forfeit 100l. and the damage to be made good by &le of his goods and chattels; for want of distress the person to be com?

mitted. Application of the forfeiture.--- Muster-master taking a

mutter, to make path, TJje oath. — Mutter-rolls though transmitted

£ 4. without

Got

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. jl [1754J.

without the oath indorsed to the pay-matters general, to be good vouchers

to the auditor.--- Penalty on agents. Sec. detaining officers or soldiers

pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents disobeying orders.--- Surgeon,

«c. within ten miles of London, See. to certify who are sick; and commanding officers, who are employed in raising recruits.-Penalty on officers

muttering persons by wrong names. — Constables, See, to quarter officers, and men in inns, alehouses, Sec. but in no dittillers houses, or shop-keepers, or in any private houses. Penalty sn constables, &c. quartering lbldiers in private houses, Sec. and on officers quartering soldiers contrary to this act, Sec. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain*

to any justices and be relieved.--No justice having any military office,

to be concerned in billeting his soldiers. — Officers and soldiers to pay rates for their provisions. — What inn-holders may allow men quartered

On them instead of meat.--Penalty on officers taking money to excuse

the quartering.--- Dragoons, Sec. and their horses to oe billeted in the same house.--Manner of changing men and horses.----- Clause relat-

ing to a soldier's settleraent for his wife and children. — Officers, Sec to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direct. — No pay-matter, Sec. to make deductions out of officers or soldiers pay. — Exceptions. — Treasury may issue out the money due for clothing every

two months. Pay-matters to deduct the off-reckonings.--- Officers to.

give notice to inn-keepers of subsistence-money in their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to inn-keepers, Sec. for soldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying subsistence-money.--- On non-payment of quar-

ters the officer to make up accounts, Sec. — No mutter in Westminster^ Sec. but in the presence of two or more justices* — Constables, Sec. may billet soldiers in Westminster, Sec. Petty constables, Sec. to quarter soldiers in their respective divisions. — Constables, Sec. to deliver lifts at quarter-sessions, on oath, of inhabitants, and soldiers quartered in their respective' divisions; to be inspected without fee. Copies of such lifts to be wrote by the clerk at id. per iheet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defective lifts. How to be levied, — This act to extend to Jersey, Sec. — Mutter-rolls to be dosed on day of mutter, and returned to the pay-matter of the forces, Sec. Penalty. — Justices may order constables to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, dec. — Penalty on constables, Sec. neglect.--- Treasurers of the county to repay the

constables extraordinary charges. — The money for those purposes how

to be raised.-- No waggon, &c. to carry above 30 hundred weight. —

Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. — Soldiers wives, &c. not to be quartered without consent. Penalty. — Penalty on officers or soldiers

destroying the game.--How the account of every regiment shall be

kept. — Penalty on pay-matter, Sec. — Penalty on colonels. — Non-commission officer embezzelling the soldiers pay, Sec. to be reduced, dec. — Justices may commit deserters. — Reward for taking-up de-

ferters.--- Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying the ir

arms, clothes, Sec.--- Penalty on officer breaking open house without

warrant. — His Majesty empowered to make articles of war. — None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expressed to be so punifoable

by this act.--- Deserters beyond sea, dec. may be tried here or in Ireland.

- This act to extend to deserters, Sec. in Ireland, Sec. — Persons acquitted by the civil magistrate may only be cashiered by a court-martial.7-7- Persons accused of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the

civil magistrate, &c.--Pay-matters, Sec. to account with executors.

Persons sued may plead the general issue. Treble costs.--- All suits to

be brought in some of the courts of record at Weflnunfler, or Dublin, or the court of session in Scotland.-Continuance of this act.--Penalties

against the act 1 Geo. i. where to be filed for. — No volunteer liable to process, unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 10l. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and marked on the back of the process. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. — Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering; or

victuallers refusing to quarter soldiers.-Justices may order constables

to give an account of the number of soldiers quartered. Scc. How

troops

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 4J' 9.

troop* are to pay in pa&ng over ferries in Scotland. — Clause for relief of persons baftily enlisting themselves. Persons refuting the said relief to be proceeded against, as u duly lifted. — Offences against former mutiny acts punishable by this act.-None liable to be tried or punished for offences against former acts, unless committed within three years5 except for desertion. — Officers, &c. of the train of artillery subject Jto this act. — American troops acting in conjunction with British forces, liable to the same martial laws. — - Officers and soldiers of the American troops lent over to Great Britain to be quartered and billetted as the Brittish forces, and under the same regulations and penalties. — - This act not to extend to the militia farther than is directed by the militia laws.

CAP. IV.

An act for exhibiting a bill in this present parliament, for naturalizing his highness the hereditary prince of Brunswick Lunenburg.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Kings most excellent majesty (whom God

long prfferve) hath been pleated to the universal joy and fa-Usfaction of his people, and for the better Jlrtngthening the protestant interest in Europe, to give his eldef fifttr, her royal highness the primtjs Augusta, possessing the most exalted virtues, and adorned with all possible accomplishments, in marriage to his highness the hereditary prince of Brunswick Lunenburgh, distinguished by the most heroick qualities, which have, from his early youth, rendered him illujlrious overall Europe, and endeared him to this nation: and whereas a more grateful proof of the esteem and affection of this kingdom cannot be given to his bighnefsy than, by an act of naturalization, to make him capable of enjoying those rights and liberties which are enjoyed in these

kingdoms: and whereas by an act made in the seventh year of the clausei in ad: reign of King Tames the First, every person is required to receive the 7 Jac. x. faarament of the Lord's supper, within one month before any bill for naturalization be exhibited, and also to take the oaths of Supremacy and allegiance in the parliament house, before his or her bill be twice read: and whereas by an act fassed in the first year of his majesty kn(J f Gco u King George the First, it was enacted, That no person shall be naturalized^ unless, in the bill exhibited for that purpose, a clausey or particular words, be inserted, to declare that such person shall not thereby be enabled to be of the privy councilr or a member of either house of parliament, or to take any office or place of trujly either civil or military, or to have any grant of lands, tenementj, or hereditaments, from the crowny to bimjelfy or any other person in trust for him; and that no bill shouldy from thenceforth9 be received in either house of parliament, unless such clausey or words, be first inserted or contained therein; be it enacted by the King's mou excellent majesty, by Leave given and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem- for exhibiting poral, and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the au- a bill for na-thority of the same, That a bill for the naturalization of his ^ru^gt^cu highness the hereditary prince of Brunswick Lunenburgy without hereditary ° the clause, or particular words, directed by the said Taft recited prince of act to be inserted, and without his receiving the sacrament, or Brunswick taking the oaths by the first recited act required, shall and may ^hh^1*1^16, be exhibited and brought into tbi$ parliament, and twice read; ^ngthe*

the clause, &c. in

L»

A

io Anno quarto Georgti III. c. 5, & [1764.

the last recitedhe said recited acts, or any other law, Statute, matter, or thing; act, or other- whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding. wifequalifying himseli* according to the fiift recited act.

CAP. V.

An act for naturalizing his highness, Charles William Ferdinand, hereditary prince of Brunswick Lunenburg.

WHEREAS the King's most excellent majesty, whom God long preserve, has been pleasel, to the unwerfal joy and satisfaction of his people, and for the better firengthening the protestant interest in Europe, to give his eldejl ftfler, her royal highness the princess Augusta, possessing the most exalted virtues, and adorned with all possible accomplishments^ in marriage to his highness Charles William Ferdinand, hereditary prince of Brunswick Lunenburg, distinguish-id by the most heroic qualities, which have, from his early youth, rendered him illustrious over all Europe, and endeared him to this nation: and whereas a more grateful proof of the esteem and ojfeftion of this kingdom cannot be given to his highness* than, by an act of naturalize ation, to make him capable of enjoying those rights and liberties which are enjoyed in these kingdoms: We therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by thf King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-Ujs highness sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thi* Charles Wil- present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same* liam Fcrdi- That his said highness Charles William Ferdinand* hereditary <Unand,'crc"tprince of Brunswick Lunenburg, be, to all intents and purposee of Snfiifwick whatsoever, deemed, taken, and esteemed, a natural-born fub* Lunenburg, jed of this kingdom, as if the said prince had been born with* deemed a na- in this realm; any law, Statute, matter, or thing whatsoever, 19 ftg- the contrary notwithstanding,

U, C' CAP. VI.

An act to continue, for a limited time, the free importation of tallow^ bogs lard, and grease, from Ireland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the permitting the free importation of talhu/* hogs lard* and grease* from Ireland, into this kingdom* hath been found useful and beneficial, and that the time allowed for that purpose is near expiring, and it is expedient that the same Should be prolonged; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the Act Geo. II thirty fecon<l year °* reign of his late majesty King George 31 c*the Second, intituled An act to discontfauf* for a limited time* the duties payable upon tallow imported from Ireland; and also an act made in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, for extends ing the said first-mentioned act to hogs lard and grease; which have continuance nil (h$ first day of May^ pn$ thousand seven

fc 1 Geo. III. farther continued to 1

L

It

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 7.

hundred and fifcty four, and to the end of the next session of parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued, tom the expiration thereof, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and Sixty nine, and to the end of the next SdSoo of parliament.

CAP. m

JitaEl to explain and amend such pari afan aS tb*

last session of parliament, (intituled An act for granting to his Majesty Several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain dudes upon all cyder and perry, and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries to be charged on the said dutips) as relates to cyder and perry made in this kingdom.

WHEREAS by an act made in the last of parliament, preamble, re-intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several addi- citing dause* tional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and cer-<1 the cy<\er» tarn duties upon all cyder and perry, and for raising the sum of last

three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries to be charged on the Said duties; a duty of four fiUIings per hogshead was, from end after the fifth day of July,

one thousand seven hundred and sixty twee, granted upon all cyder and perry which Should be made in Great Britain, to be petU by the matter thereof, ever and above all other duties then payable fiY cyder or perry: and it was thereby dire died, that the amount of the said duty Should be paid within the space of six weeks, to be computed from the time of making the charge, in manner therein mentioned, by the officer or officers of excise; and all makers of cyder and perry were thereby authorized to compound for the said duty, after the rate - 7

in mentioned, in respect of the cyder and perry to be consumed in their own private families only, in such manner, with such exemptions, privileges, and advantages, and under such regulations, as are in the fad ail allowed and provided: and whereas it would he a great relief'to the persons subject to the said duty, or to the composition in lieu thereof, many of whom are indufirious persons with large, if the time for payment of the said duty were enlarged, and the composition of five shillings, authorized to be made by the said ail, were lowered; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and af- The time liter the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty mited by the four, in lieu and instead of the time of six weeks, limited by fornier foe the said act for the payment of the said duty on cyder and perry, she duties, ex-the space of six calendar months shall be and is hereby allowed tended to 6 for the payment of the Aid duty, to be computed from the time of months; making the charge thereof; and the said duty shall, from and after when they the expiration of the said six months, be recovered and levied in may be r<rco. such manner, a? thp Same could or might have been recovered das^ire-

and by dkefted.

t % Anfco quarts Georgii III. c. 7. [1764.

and Jevied by virtue of the said former act, at or after the expiration of the said time therein limited for payment thereof.

In lieu of the

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That former com* from and after the fifth day of Jufyi one thousand seven hun-pofttion, dred and sixty four, when any person, being a maker of cyder or perry within this kingdom, shall be desirous of compounding for the said duty on cyder and perry to be consumed in the Officers of ex-private family of such person only, it shall be lawful for ther Si* commissioners of excise for the time being in England and Scot-

compound* respclkively, as the case may be, or the major part of such

withprviate respclUve commissioners, or such person or persons as they, or families, the major part of them, shall respectively appoint for that pur-at the rate of P°fe» an<Um default of such appointment, then for the colldt-ii, per head or and supervisor for the distrilfc and division within which the per annum, person desiring to make such composition doth or shall inhabit for each per- (and the said commissioners of excise, and the persons so to be old and PP?inted by them, and in default thereof such collector and' wards, in the supervisor as aforesaid, are hereby respectively required) upon lifts delivered receiving from such person an exalt lift, signed by him or her, in to them. Of the several persons of the age of eight years and upwards whereof his or her family consists (specirying their christian and surnames therein) to compound and agree with every person so delivering in such lift, for and in lieu of the duty ot four shillings granted by the said act on cyder and perry to be consumed in hi$or her own private family only, at the rate of two (hil-. lings ptrarmumiox each person which shall be mentioned in such lift, in lieu and instead of the composition of five shillings autho-Composition rized to be made by the said alt\ which composition, after the smnualhr^ ntc two things as aforesaid, shall last for one year, and be renewed annually j and the money arising thereby shall be paid and in case of down at the respective times of making the composition: and in an mcrease in the family of any person making the composition shall be in-durine the creased at any time during the year compounded for, then every year, an act- person whose family shall be so increased shall deliver in an addi-ditional lift is tional lift, containing the names of the several persons of the age tobegiven in, cf eight years and upwards added to the famify, and shall then in on th paid a Pay down a proportionable composition for the persons so for every per- added; videlicet^ two pence for each calendar month that shall be Ton added, unexpired of the year for.which his or her composition was during the made, for each and every person so added; and in like manner cx^red^erm lifts he delivered, and compositions made accordingly S^uch year. CVCI7 Year and that the monies arising by the said compositions Compositions shall be applied in such manner, and for such purposes, as the to be applied duties granted by the said act were thereby directed to be appli-

Other ^arts of ed: an<* P2Xts °^ "d act (not hereby altered) relating to

the reatecUtt the compositions thereby authorized to be made for the said du-relating to ty, and also to the persons compounding in pursuance of the compositions, power thereby given, and for preventing and punching all fraud* continued in with respClt to the said compositions, and for securing the said orce* duty, shall take effect, and be in full force, applied, and put in

execution, with respect to the composition hereby allowed to be

made.

*3

17^4.] Anno quafto Georgii III. c. 7.

made, and to all persons compounding under the authority of this act, and for preventing and punishing all frauds in relation thereto, and for securing the said duty, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if such parts of the said act were herein specially repeated, re-enacted, and applied to this present sd.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Makers of That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven cyder at other hundred and sixty four, all and every person and persons, not presses than being a compounder or compounders, who shall intend to make own*not any cyder or perry at or with any mill, press, or other utensil ^uifders^are Vrhatioever, not being the property of such person or persons, to enter their but of any other perfoti or persons, whether compounding or not names at the compounding for the said duty, shall, ten days at the lead be- next office of fore he, she, or they shall begin to make cyder or perry, make iontio* a true and particular entry in writing, at the office of excise next such making 3 to the place where such cyder or perry shall be intended to be

made, of his, her, or their respective name or names; and of together with every mill, press, and other utensil so intended to be employed; the m|lb#and and of the name or names of the owner or owners thereof; and also of every storehouse, warehouse, cellar, or other place where- cellars or in such maker or makers intend to lay or keep such cyder or storehouse* perry: and if any such maker or makers shall make use of any for keeping other mill, press, utensil, storehouse, warehouse, cellar, or other pen^tyof* place whatsoever, either for the making, laying, or keeping, any their using cyder or perry, without having made such entry as aforesaid, or any unentered an entry thereof, in pursuance of the said former act, he, she, or mill, store-they shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of twenty five house,c*5, 0 pounds for every such offence: and all and every the officers of Officen to excise shall, at all times in the day-time, be permitted, upon their ha*c acr request, to enter the millhouse, storehouse, warehouse, cellar, and miUs°store-all other places whatsoever used by any such maker or makers as houses, &c. in aforesaid, either for the making, laying, or keeping of cyder or the day-time, perry, of which notice shall or ought to have been given in pursuance of this act; and to gauge and take an account of all the to gauge the cyder or perry which shall be there found, and shall ms^e and

make return or report in writing to the respective of report the of excise in Great Britain, or such other person or persons as they charge,

shall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving a true copy leaving a co« of such report in writing under his or their hand or hands, with or for such maker or makers of cyder or perry; and such report*or return of the said officer or officers shall be a charge upon w^0^to ply such maker or makers of cyder or perry; and the amount of the the duty sic/ duties thereby charged shall be paid by such maker or makers cording to respectively, within such time as is by this act appointed. such c"ar^0-

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Proprietors of rity aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, cyder mills, no owner or proprietor whatsoever of any mill, press, or other &c. so lent Utensil for the making of cyder or perry, which shall be let out

or lent to any other person for the purpose of making cyder or thereof, peny, shall be obliged to give any notice of the jetting or lending

I*

Where the compounder intends to sell or dispose of cyder. See.

the officer is to deliver to him blank certificates and counterparts for the purposej

Anno quarto Georgii III. 0*7. (1764, 2

fng such mill, press, or other utensil, or of the making cyder or' perry therewith, by the person to whom the same shall be so let or lent; any thing in the said former a# contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And, for the better accommodation of such makers of cy der or perry, who shall compound for the duty on cyder and perry granted by the said recited^ act; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, when any fueft

from thVmill ma^er intend to sell or dispose of any cyder or perry immediately from the mill pound's mouth, -or place where the same shall be made, the officer of excise of the division or place wher£ such makers shall refute* shall, and he is hereby required, during the time of making cyder or perry only, and at no other time, to deliver to, and leave with fetch maker, if demanded* in writing, a sufficient quantity of blank certificates, numbered one, two, three, and so on in an arithmetical progreiDon, to be to be filled up filled up by such maker, and subscribed by him or her, who shall opcafionally j express in each of the said certificates that shall be felted up, th^ exact number of gallons of cyder or perry intended to be sent therewith, and the number of calks or package containing the f same, and the place to which, and the name and place of abode of the persons to whom, such cyder or perry is to be sent, and the time when such certificate is felted up; which certificate (provided it accompanies the quantity of cyder or perry mentioned therein) shall be a sufficient protection for the removal of fuel? cyder or perry, immediately from the mill pound's mouth, or place where the same shall be made; and that the officer of excise, at the same time that he delivers any quantity of blank certificates to any such maker as aforesaid, shall also deliver to such maker a like quantity of blank counterparts of such certificates, bearing the same numbers with the certificates; and such part to be fil- maker is hereby required, whenever he fills up the blanks of any led up and certificate for the removal of cyder or perry, as aforesaid, at the fametimethC ^anae ^me°^up and subscribe the blanks of the counterpart with the cer- thereof, in all particulars agreeable to the certificate; and such tificate; and maker shall, at the time of the delivery of the said blank certi-tob« turned ficates and counterparts, give a receipt to the officer of excise, Receipt te be Steering the same, acknowledging that he or she hath received fiver) for the so many blank certificates and the counterparts thereof numbered as aforesaid; which counterparts so filled up shall be returned by such maker to the respective officer of excise whenever he shall require the same; and such maker shall then also shew to the officer all the certificates and counterparts not used or filled notufe^to be UP>to t^c cn<* ^er may then know what number of certificates have been filled up; and such maker shall, at the respective times when he or she shall deliver up such counterparts so filled up, from time to time declare upon oath (or affirmation if a quaker) to be administered by the supervisor of excise of the division or district where such maker resides, that the several quantities of cyder and perry specified in the several counter-

pails

which shall protett the removal of mch cyder.

The counter-

given for the certificates.

The certificates and counteiyarts not used, t produced when called for.

The quantities fold, &c. and certified for, to be verified on oath*

*5

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III# c. 7.

parts so directed to be delivered up, contain the whole quantities of cyder and perry which he or she shall have fold or dif-» posed of, from his or her mill pound's mouth, or place where the same was made: and the respectfVe officers of excise within Returns to be their several divisions are hereby required, from time to time, made, and from the several counterparts of such certificates so filled up, edutl"cJl sworn to, and delivered as aforesaid, to make returns or reports counterparts, in writing, of the several quantities of cyder and perry fold or difoofed of as aforesaid by evety such maker respectively, to the ieipedive commissioners of excise in Great Britain, or such other person or persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving true copies of such report in writing, under his or Copy to be their hand or hands, with or for such respective maker; and such left with the returns or reports of the said officer or officers, shall be the maker» charges upon such respective makers of cyder or perry; and the who is to pay amount of the duties thereby charged, shall be paid respective- the duty ac-ly by such makers to the respective colfedfcors.of excise, within vrhofe collection such makers shall dwell and inhabit, or to such mmhi from other person or persons as the said respective of of thence, excise shall respectively appoint to receive the same, within the space of six calendar months, to be computed from the time of making such charge: and if any such maker of cyder or perry Maker not shall neglect or rerafe to deliver to the officer of excise, when re- complying

3uir«d, all the counterparts of certificates then filled up, or to eclare upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, or to shew to the being guilty of Officer all the certificates and counterparts not used or filled up, any fraud, dr shall fell or difpcfe of more cyder or perry from the mill pound's mouth or place of making, than is mentioned in such counterparts so delivered up, or shall fraudulently insert in the blank of either counterpart or certificate, a greater or less quantity of cyder or perry than is really sent with such certificate; every fuen maker offending in any of the said cases, for every to forfeit 25U such offence shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of twenty five pounds; and that no certificate to fie filled up by any such Certificates* maker, shall be in force for the removal of cyder or perry im- removal of cy-mediately from the mill pound's mouth or place of making, der from the but between the first day of September and the thirty first day of J^ce^butVe1-December, in each year; and that every such maker shall, every tween 1 Sept, year, within ten days next after the thirty first day of December Sc 31 Dec. in each year, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the officer of ^arI7*excise of the division or place where he or she resides, all the fatesand*" blank certificates and counterparts thereof which have not been counterparts filled up by such maker; and if any such maker of cyder pr per- to be deliver-rvftul I nettled or refuse, by the space of ten days next after the ed WItj_hm thirty first day of December, in any year, to deliver, or cause to 10 days aUer>

be delivered, to the proper officer of excise, all the blank certificates and counterparts thereof whidh have not been filled up.-

by such maker, every such maker shall, for every such offence r

respectively forfeit and lose the sum of twenty five pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty ofob-That if| from and after the said fifth day of Jufy> any person or knitting an

j

officer in his P€r' duty 50l.

iS

Officers not doing their duty in any of the premiss.

fqrfeit 40s.

Recovery and efifpoOtion of the penalties.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 8; f 1764

persons whatsoe ver shall assault, oppose, nloleft, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise in the due execution of any of the powers or authorities given and granted by this act; all and every the party or parties so offending shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer of excise shall renjfe or wilfully neglect to leave a true copy of his report in writing, with the maker or makers of cyder and perry, as this or the said former act direct, or to grant a certificate for the removal of any cyder or perry, upon reasonable request made for that purpose; or if any maker of cyder and perry authorized and impowered by this present act to compound and agree for and in lieu of the duty granted by the said former act, mail offer to make such compoution and agreement, and if such officer of excise, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to accept such composition and agreement as this present addirects; every such officer of excise so refuting or wilfully neglecting, shall, for each refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings; which forfeiture and penalty shall and may be sued for, levied, recovered, and applied, in like manner as the other forfeitures and penalties imposed by this or the said former act, may be sued for, levied, recovered, and applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties imposed by this act, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated, and disposed of, by the same ways, means, and methods, and in the same proportions as any penalty imposed by the said recited act may be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated, or disposed of.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall paf? for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgment shall be given against him or them upon demurrer, or otherwise; theh such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

[Preamble.]

CAP. VIII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while

on Shore.

WHEREAS it may be neetjjary for the safety of this kingdom> and the defence of the possesslons of the crown of Great Britain, that a body of marine forces Should be employed in his Maje--fly's fleet and naval Jervict, under the direction of the lord high admiral, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 8.

Great Britain: and whereas the said marine forces may frequently f be quartered on /bore, where they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of his Majesty's forces by sea \ yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining of such forces in their duty, that an exafl discipline be observed, and that marines who shall mutiny, or fir up /edition, or shall desert his Majesty's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the law will allows be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and "with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from

And after 25 March, 1764, during the continuance of this act, every marine officer and private man on shore, who shall mutiny or desert, &c. or.lift in any other regiment, &c. or shall be found (leeping on, or shall desert his post^or hold illegal correspondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or shall (trike, or disobey his superior officer, shall differ death, or such punishment as a court martial shall inflict. — The lord high admiral, or of for executing that office, may grant a commission to hold general courts-martial, &c. — Courts-martiafmay inflict Corporal

punishment for immoralities, &c.--- Lords, &c. of the admiralty im-

powered to make articles for punishment of mutiny and desertion. See. and to constitute courts-martial. — None to be adjudged of life or limb,

but for crimes expressed to be so punishable by this act.-General court-

martial not to consist of less than 13} and the president to be a field-officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captains may administer an oath to witnesses. Officers to be iwom. The oaths.

- Fiftitious "names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the muster-rolls,

for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false matter. Paymaster to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver. — Constables, kc. to quarter officers and men in inns, alehouses, Sec. but in no distillers houses or shopkeepers, or in any private houses. Penalty on officers quartering private men contrary to this act, Scc. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justices, and be relieved. — ' Officers and marines to be furnished at the rates herein set for their provi-

fions.--- What inn-holders may allow men quartered on them, instead of

meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. --- Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters. Constables to billet the same accordingly.-No paymaster. Sec. to make de-

ductions out of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Officers to give notice to inn-keepers of subsistence money m their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to inn-keepers. Sec. for marines quarters. Officers not giving notice of subsistence money, and paying quarters, paymaster to fa-nsfy them out of the company's next pay, and officer to be cashiered. On moving from quarters, the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due, Scc. Paymaster to pay the sum certified for.--Of-

ficers, See. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union

direct.--Justices to order constables to provide carriages for the marine

forces on their march. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, &c. Penalty oq constables, &c. neglect. — - Treasurers of the county to repay the constables extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raised. — No waggon, Sec. to cany above 20 hundred weight. — Carriages ill Scotland how to be provided. — Marines wives, &c. not to be quartered without consent. Penalty on officers and marines destroying the game. Constablei may apprehend deserters, and carry them before a justice. Justices to commit them, and transmit an account to the secretary of the admiralty. Gaol keeper to receive the subsistence of deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. — Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying their arms, clothes, &c. — This act toextertdto deserters, Sec. in Ireland. — Continuance of this act. — Offences against former acts may be enquired of and ponished VO L. XXVI. C as

8.'Attnoqoartar GEORGII III. c. 9. [1764.

ft$ tinder this act, provided no person be liable to be tried for offences committed three years before ifluine the warrant for trial, except in cases of desertion only. No volunteei liable to process, unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 10l. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process 5 otherwise prisoner to be discharged with coifs. — Plaintiff giving notice, may file a common appearance; and proceed to judgment and

execution--- Penalty on constables, &c. neglecting to quarter marines.

Penalty on taking money to excule any person from quartering, and on victuallers refusing to receive marines. — To prevent abuses in quartering, juRices may order constables to give an account of the number of

officers, and private men, and where quartered.-Clause for relief of persons hastily lilting themselves.-As often as it shall be necessary, of-

ficers of the marine and land forces may fit in conjunction upon courts-martial; taking rank according to the seniority of their commissions.- — Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any ships of war, are liable to be governed by the rules established by act is Geo. II.

CAP. IX.

An act for repealing the duties now payable upon lever fins imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for granting certain duties upon the exportation of lever fins and lever wool \ and for taking off the drawback allowed on the exportation of such fins.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the duties now payable upon the importation of lever fins, and the drawback allowed upon the exportation of such ffins, are great discouragements to the manufacture of hats in this kingdom; therefore we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjectsy the commons of Great Britain, being desirous to promote and encourage the manufactures of this kingdom, do mo ft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That 176^the jbr from an^ a^terhe seventh day of April, which shall be in the merdutie* " year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four* payable upon the several rates, duties, subsidies, and impositions payable up-bever skins on the importation of bever fkrns, imported into Great Britain cease1*to ^om any kis Majesty's dominions in America, shall cease,

' determine, and be no longer paid,

and other du-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ties to be paid from and after the said seventh day of April, the following du-ilJ.l, ^2therc' ties shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, that ° % yiZt is to say,

For every bever (kin imported into Great Britain from any of his Majesty's dominions in America, the sum of one penny \ and

For every bever (kin, or piece of bever (kin, exported from Great Britain y the sum of seven pence; and

For every pound weight averdupoise of bever wool or wombs exported from Great Britain, the sum of one shilling and six pence.

t

U

4.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. ioi*9

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'f'h&t The new du-

the several duties and impdiitions by this act granted, shall be ties to be paid, laid, levied, collected, paid, and applied, in such manner, and j!£c former* for the same purposes, as the several rates and duties by this 1

ad repealed as aforesaid, and now respectively raised, levied, collected, and paid, and applied: and all the provisions of or the P£°-itk every act or law now in force for raising, levying, collecting, me^a^ls paying, and applying the duties and impositions hereby repealed speaing the * as aforesaid, shall be ih full force, and shall be put in execution, same, to be in for raising, levying, collecting, paying, and applying, the du- forte, and exties and impositions by this act granted, as fully and effectually, ^"ties of°thi» to all intents and purposes, as if the said provisions were partUa#. cularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- al-

tity aforesaid, That from and after the said seventh day of April, lowed on the fio drawback shall be allowed on the exportation of any bever exportation of skin frortl Great Britain,' beverlkins.

CAP. X.

yin aS for the more easy discharge of recognizances ejlreated into his Majestfs court of Exchequer.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many recognizances have been ejlreated Into his

Majestfs court of Exchequer, against persons for not appearing as parties orwitnesses in his Majesty's courts of record at We(l-tninster, or at the affixes and general quarter fejfons, or other courts cj record in that part of Great Britain called Tngland, or for not prosecuting indictments there, or otherwise not performing the conditions in such recognizances contained; many of which negleds of duty have happened by the inattention of ignorant people, J'ome of whom are imprisoned, and a great number of others liable to be so, by the process constantly issued against them out of the courts of Exchequer* and directed to the sheriffs, though no other prosecution be substjling but merely for such forfeitures of their recognizances, from which there art no easy means at present, for poor persons especially, to procure any discharge: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this After i May, present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, r764-» the ba- That from and after the fifth day or May, one thousand seven£?ns °*the hundred and sixty four, it shall be lawful for the barons of his ^credto Majesty's court of Exchequer, upon affidavit and petition to be dischaYge, up-presented to them by or on the behalf of the person or persons im- on affidavit prisoned, or liable to be imprisoned, on the forfeiture of any an<| pct^n* such recognizances, to discharge such person or persons, by or- fuc^ der from the said batons, without any quietus to be sued out recognizances for that purpose; for which order no more than one pound and of persons one shilling shall be taken by the officer appointed to give out e^reiite^, nt0 the same: provided that no discharge shall be given on such pe- ^eer.xc c* titions where any debt is due.to the crown, other than by the foe payable recognizances so prayed to be discharged; nor in any cases of upon such or-defrauding his Majesty's revenue by contraband frade, or assault- d«r» J

C 2 in£ the crown

officers of the revenue 5 excepted.

20 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. n.

[1764J;

cases of fraudsing his Majesty's officers of tfte customs or excise in the execu- frade"traband t*on t^ie*r duty> or mY person or persons lawfully* assisting the nv and assaulting the rein.

CAP. XI.

An act for continuing certain laws therein mentioned relating to British fail clothy and to the duties payable on foreign fail clotby and to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder, and for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval fores from the British colonies in America.

WHEREAS the laws herein after-mentioned are found to be very useful and beneficialy and are near expiring \ may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-irhiting to^thority of the same, That an act made in the ninth year of the British fail reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An doth, See, act for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of British faitclotby and for the more effectual Tecuring the duties now payable on foreign Jail cloth imported into this kingdom, which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty lix, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts made in the thirteenth, twenty fourth, and thirty first, years of his said Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth dav of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty tour, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Act Geo. II.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That relating to the an act made in the fourth year ox the reign of his late majesty aUoT^ncc UP^ King George the Second, intituled An act for granting an allow-tation of Bri" ance upon exPortation of British made gunpowder, which was to tifti made continue in force for five years from the twenty fourth day of gunpowder, Juney one thousand seven hundred and thirty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts made in the tenth, sixteenth, twenty fourth, and thirty first, years of his said Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to furtherconti- the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and nued to 29 the same is hereby further continued from the expiration there-P1, 17710 of, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

further continued to »jr Sept. 1771.

j; 64.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 12. 21

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, So much of That so much of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of*Gto-King George the First, intituled An act for giving further en- Jhe7mtK)m. mragement for the importation of naval fores, and for other pur- tien otwood, poses therein mentioned, as relates to the importation of wood and timber, and timber, and of the goods commonly called Lumber, therein par- lum^r, from ticularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty's British planta- plantations in tiens or colonies in America, free from all customs and impofi- America, dons whatsoever 5 which was to be in force for twenty one years, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty two; and which, by several subsequent acts made in the sixteenth, twenty fourth, and thirty first, years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the further conti-fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, nuedto^Sep. until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue several Laws for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway; relating to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for punishing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks, Flood-gates, Sluices, or other Works, belonging to the Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned have, by expe-preamble.

rience, been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Act 3 Geo. I. the same, That an act made in the third year of the reign of King for regulating George the First, intituled An act for the better regulating ofpilotsfor p

the conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle ver> up

of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway, which was the Thame*

C 3 to and Medwayj

2# Anno quarto Georgii III. Q*i2; ^1764

tp continue in force for seven years, and from thence to the end and clanPe in of the end of the then next session of parliament; and also a. aft 7. Geo. I. clause for further regulating the pilots of £>overy Deal) and tho toi* further re- jfe of Thanet % in an act passed in the seventh year of his said pilots of Do- Majesty's re*g^ which was to be in force during the continuer, Deal, and ance of the said act of the third year of his said Majesty's . reign 5, TJlwnet, &c. which said act, together with the said clapse, were, by several subsequent acts, made in the tenth year of his said Majesty's reign, and of the eighth and twenty third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thouseod seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same are hereby further M h - 8 continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty fifth day m > Marche one thousand seven hundred and seventy. eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted hv the authority aforesaid, That so much of an act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to impower the importers or proprietors of rum or /pints of further continued to 25

So much of aft 15 & it Geo. II. as relates to the landing of

rum or (pints, the British sugar plantation1, to land the same before payment of the of the British duties of excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses tionY, ^before a*e*r own EXP*e*an(* far the relief of Kalph Barrow, duties paid, respect to the duty oh same rock salt, lojl by the overflowing of the nsvers Weaver and Dane; as relates to the landing of rum or spirits of the Brit fa sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise, and to the lodging of the same in warehouses at the expence of the importers or proprietors thereof; which wa9 to continue in force until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by an act made in the twenty third year of his said late Majesty's reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by an act made in the thirty first year of his said late Majesty's reign, was amended, and further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the further conti- enc* of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the nued to 19 same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof un-i?7x* til the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

So much of

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, as* cfaPsm* That so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign persons^going hisatc majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for armed or dii- the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised in defiance. guifeej in de- of the laws of customs or excise; and far indemnifying offenders a-saw'C of &awfi thofa tow* upon the terms therein mentioned; and for relief of ftomsYndYx- officers of the cq/loms in informations upon seizures $ as relates to the eke: further

j^4.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 12. 23

further punishment of persons going armed or disguised in de- and to the refiance of the laws of customs or excise, and to the relief of of- hef of officers fleers of the custpip.s in informations upon seizures; which act °n [nforma-1118 was to continue in force for the space of seven years, and from tiens upon thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, seizures $ by several subsequent acts, made in the twenty sixth and thirty second years of his said Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the fa ate is hereby further conti-further continued from the expiration there6f until the twenty nuedto29 ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy SePt#77*« one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his fate

majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for granting A&ii Geo. II. a liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of granting Ii-any of his Majests sugar colonies in America, from the said colo- fal^of the T nies directly to foreign parts, in ships built /'//Great Britain, and na- growth of the vigated according to law; which was to continue in force for five Kririih planta-years from the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand fe- tiens in Ame-ven hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the end of the y

then next session of parliament; and which, by several subse- parts> &c# qtient acts made in the seventeenth, twenty fourth, and thirty first years of his said Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 5 shall be, and the same is hereby e*Q ^ontl*

further continued from the expiration, thereof, until the twenty Sept. l7*\m ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.,

V. And whereas the law9 now in being are-not sufficient for the preservation of the banks, flood-gates, sluices; and ortier works, belonging to rivers and streams made navigable by act of parliament, and for the maintaining the navigation of such

rivers and streams; be it therefore enacted by the authority a- Persons who foresaid, That from and after the passing of this act, if any per- ^a, 1tfaa|^se son or persons shall wilfully or maliciously break, throw down, flood-gate^ damage, or destroy, any batiks, flood-gates, sluices, or other or other works, or open or draw up any flood-gate or flood-gates, or do works belong-any other wilful hurt or mischief to any such navigation, so as to obstruct, hinder, or prevent, the carrying on, Compleating, vigable by^lst supporting, or maintaining, such navigation; every such person of parliament, or persons shall be adjudged guilty of felony; and the court be- shall be ad-fore whom such person or persons shall be tried and c©nvi<sted, ^u^ngullty shall and hereby have power and authority to order such person and e'trans-or persons to be transported for seven years. ported for 7

years.

C4 CAP.

2+

[Preamble.]

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 13. J47647

CAP. XIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum bf money out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and for preventing* in certain cases, the obtaining of allowances in respect of the leakage of wines imported into this kingdotp r<*ndfor making forth duplicates of Exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed-

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, tn parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have cheat fully granted to your Majesty in this fiffton of parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

Towards raising the supplies granted, there may be issued out of the sinking fund a sum not exceeding, 000, 0001. -« — Clause of loan for raising

the aforesaid sum of, ©00, 0001.--- Tallies of loan may be (truck for tb£

same. Orders to be registred, and paid in coUrfc. No fee to be paid for registring, &c* Penalty of undue preference j how to be recovered. — It shall be deemed noundue preference, where tallies are dated, or brought

the same day; --- nor if subsequent orders be paid before such as were

not demanded in course. — Orders assignable toties quoties.--- Commissioners of the treasury, if they shall think it more adviseable to raise the said sum, or any part thereof, by Exchequer bills, may make out any number of new Exchequer bills for toe same, in like manner and form as

is prescribed by the malt act of this session.--- Clauses in the said act

relating to Exchequer bills, extended to those to be made out in purftt-ance of this act. The said bills, interest, premium, and charges,

payable out of the sinking fund.--- The bank impowered to advance,

on the said credit of loan, any sum or sums, not exceeding 1,000, 0001, the act J&6W-&M. notwithstanding. - Clause of relief for Exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, annuity orders. See. loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

XI. And whereas by the eighth rule annexed to the book of rates referred to in the act of tonnage and poundage, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, every merchant bringing in any sort of wines into this kingdom by way of merchandize, and making due entries thereof, is allowed twelve per cent, for leakage: and whereas it is of late years become a practice for several merchants to lodgeSpanish, Portugal, and other wines at the islands of Guernsey and Jersey, and after they have filled up the calks there, to import such wines into this kingdom, and demand the before mentioned allowances for leakage, notwithstanding the calks are quite full $ to the lessen-

17^4-1 Annb quarto Georgii III. c. 14.

ing of his Majesty's revenue, and the prejudice of other mcr-> chants who irnport wines directly from the place of therr growth: for remedy whereof, and in orcler to put all merchants upon a The former more equal footing; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, allowance of That from and after the first day of May, one thou (arid seven lor leakawT1* hundred and sixty four, no merchant shall be allowed twelve per upon win* centum, or have any allowance for leakage upon any wine im-'imported, ported into this kingdom, unless such wine be imported directly taken off, with from the country or place of the growth of the said wine, or the suchwines^ usual port or place of its first shipping, except only Madeira shall not be wines imported into this kingdom from any of the British co- imported di-ionics or plantations in America, or from the East Indies; any reftlyiromthe thing in the said recited rule, or any law, custom, or usage to ar^th \* the contrary notwithstanding. Madeira wines

CAP. XIV. excepted-

An act for the better regulating of buildings, and to prevent mfehiefs that may happen by fire within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned.

WHEREAS so much of the alt, passed in the eleventh year Preamble, re-of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, inti- citing dause Udtd, An act for the better regulating of buildings; and to pre- in 11 Geo. vent mischiefs that may happen by fire within the weekly bills of I# mortality, and other places therein mentioned, as relates to pulling down or rebuilding of partitions or party walls, between house and house, is confined to cases where one of the houses is to be ere fled or built; and it may happen that party wails within the said city and liberty of*Westminster, and the parishes, precinfff, and places com-frifed within the weekly bills of mortality, and within the several parishes of Saint Mary Le Bone, and Paddington, and within the farijbes of Chelsea, and Saint Pancras, or either of them, in the county of Middlesex(except the city of London, and the liberties thereof; and also, except houses on London Bridge, and on the river of Thames below bridge) may be so far out of repair, as to render it necessary to pull down and rebuild the same, although neither of the adjoining houses, to which such party walls belong, require to oe rebuilt; and it may happen, that party walls, within the limits aforesaid, may be so far defective and bad, by falling out of the perpendicular, as to become unsafe for the builder of the next adjoining house to rest timbers thereupon, or oblige such builder to run or place his timbers quite through such defective party walls, in order to prefers their just lengths, whereby fire may be more readily communicated from house to house, contrary to the intent of the said aCi.: and whereas the workmen appointed, by virtue of the said recited act, to examine party walls, are often equally divided in opinion about the necessity of pulling down and rebuilding such party walls, whereby a certificate from the major part of such workmen, as by the said recited all is required, cannot be obtained, and the purposes of the said all, in many instaness, have been evacted; wherefore, may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted;

and

0$ Anno qunto Q$OKGU III, 14.' [1764.

nd-be it ^nalted by the King's most excellent m^e^y, by an4 with the advice and coquent or the lords fpfritual and temporal, ami commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the 66 much of authority of the same, That so much of the said recited act as the recited act relates to party walls within the said city and liberty of IVtJi-par^awails° or roy parish, precinlt, or place, comprised within the

witSin the weekly bills of mortality, or within the several parishes of Sai/df city and libera Mary le Bone and Paddington, or within the parishes of Chelsea, ty of West-> anti Saint Pancrasi or either of them, in the county of Middli-wtendedto fix{txce^t the city of London, and the liberties thereof; and also, except the party walls of houses on the river of Thames below bridge) shall, from and after the passing of this present act, extend, and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend, to all ..*cases whatsoever within the said city and liberty of Westmnjier,

ty wJl^whel an^ t*ie several parishes, precincts, and limits aforesaid, where ther either of it is or shall be necessary to pull down and rebuild any party wall, whether either Of the adjoining houses shall or mill not be, or reauire to be, rebuilt, or new built.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this present act, in case the major part of the workmen appointed, in manner by the said recited act prescribed, to view the party wall of my house or houses within the said city of Westminster, and the several pari (hes, precincts, and limits aforesaid, intended to be pulled down, shall not, within the space of one calendar month next any party wall after such appointment, lign a certificate in writing, as by the to be pulled laid act is required; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of his Majesty's ju-fticcs of the peace for the city or county, residing within or near the parish, liberty, or precinct, where the house or houses, having such party wall or walls intended to be pulled down, shall stand, and such two or more justices are hereby authorized and required, upon application to them, for that purpose, made, by the owner or occupier of either of the houses between which

all cases, where necessary to pull down and re-

the adjoining houses shall be to be rebuilt or not. Where a majority of the workmen, appointed in pursuance of the recited act to view

down, shall not sign a certificate, as required,

Two neighbouring justices, upon application, may name

anther, to be the party wall, so proposed to be pulled down, shall be, toname them*0 an<* aPP°*nt one °ther able workman, to be added to the work-

men appointed by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited a It;

and the workmen so appointed by virtue and in pursuance of the said former act, and of this present act, or the major part of them who shall meet for that purpose (ten days notice having been given to, or left at the dwelling house of, each and every of them, of such intended meeting) mall view the party wall so and the majo- proposed to be pulled down; and in case the major part of such nty then a- workmen, shall certify in writing, under their hands, that such rcpon^of1 such Party walls defeltive and bad, and ought to be pulled down, wall being de- then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the feflive, the owner or occupier of either of the said adjoining houses, to cause bc such party wail to be pulled down and rebuilt; and he or she andrcbuik1* bave remecty for recovering a moiety of the expences

and a moiety thereof, as in and by the said recited act is given or provided; of the expen- subject

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 4#' % j

fiityeft nevertheless to such appeal to, and dettrroinattea by, ce* recovered, the justices of the peace, as by the same act is directed. acc^dingly.

And whereas it would tend greatly to prevent the fatal confer flyences of fire spreading and communicating to adjoining houses, within the said city, parishes, precincts, and other the limits ar foresaid, if party walls between house and houl'e, within the same, were to be made of greater thickness than is prescribed by the act passed in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Jnne, intituled An act for making more effectual an Afi 7 Ann*. act made in the sixth year of her said Majestyreigny for the better preventing of tmfchiefs that may iqppen by fire; and it no timbers, except the timbers of the girders, binding joiAs, and the templet? under the same, were laid into the party walls \ and if no tim« bars of the roof be laid into such party walls (except the purloins pr kerb thereof) and if the ends of the girders or binding joiAs, lying within the said party walls, did not exceed one foot; and ft none of the ends of the girders or binding jqiAs, in adjoining houses, met, or were laid opposite to each other, and the fide? thereof were laid at leaA fourteen inches diAant from each other; and if there Should be nine inches, at leaA, of fplid brick-work left at or between the ends of all lentils, wall plates, and bond ifimbers, which may or shall be laid in or upon the walls of the fore and back fronts of all houses which shall adjoin to each Other; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That xhickaefi for all party walls which, from and after the expiration of three the future of calendar months next after the passing of this a<S, shall be erected party, vails, pr built within the said city or liberty of Westminster, and the pa* Jhe^raixtt rishes, precincts, and limits aforesaid, shall be two bricks and an ^oot9 jfn<j £alf thick at the leaA in the cellar, and two bricks thick upwards to from thence the garret floor, and from thence one brick and an half thick at upwards; and lead eighteen inches above the roofs or gutters which adjoin tp J? \Linc!1|?! such party walls 5 and that the same shall be built of Aone, or ro|fs* VC of good found burnt bricks, and none other.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No timbers to That from and after the expiration of the said three calendar be laid into months, no timbers, except the timbers of the girders, binding the P31^ joists, and the templets under the same, shall be laid into the whatare here-party walls erected or built, or to be erected or built, within in particularly the said city or liberty of Westminster, and the parishes, pre- allowed, finds, and limits aforesaid; and that no timbers of the ro°fohrifved^ he laid into such party walls (except the purloins or kerb there* pi^ng the of) and that the ends of girders, and binding joiAs, lying-with* ends of the in such party walls, shall not exceed nine inches; and that girders, and pone of the ends of the girders, or binding joiAs, in adjoining Joi*s*houses, shall meet, or be laid opposite to each other; and that the Tides thereof shall be, at leaA, fourteen inches distant from each other; and that there shall be nine inches, at leaA of solid.

brick-work left at or between the ends of all lentils, wall plates, "nd and bond timber, which may or shall be laid in or upon the bond timbers, walls of the fore apd back fronts of all houses which shall adjoin to each Pthpr; and if any head builder, maAcr bricklayer, Builder, See.

or not conform-

2$ Anno quarto Georgii III. c. [iy&k

ing to theft or workman, shall ered and build, or cause to be erected and directions, built, any party wall within the said city and liberty of JVefl* minster, and the parishes, precincts, and limits aforesaid, contra to the directions, true intent, and meaning of this act; or shall use, in the building thereof, any bricks, other than ©rufmebricksgood found burnt bricks; or shall lay any timber in any party not duly wall erected or built, or which shall be erected or built, "within burnt, the^c, ty or libertY Westminster, and the parishes, pre- % p^-ty walls^c>ndls, and limits aforesaid, contrary to the directions, true in-otherwise than tent and meaning of this act; then such head builder, master prescribed, bricklayer, or workman, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and to forfeit 501

pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be equally divided, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of.1 the parish where such building shall be; to be levied, by wir-by distref^and rant un(^er the hands and seals of two or more of his Majesty's file; justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the offenders goods,

upon conviction upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or upon his or their own confession, rendring the and for want overplus (if any be) to the owner or owners; and for want of of distress of- such distress, the offender shall be imprisoned for the space of committed for months> unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid, by war-6 months; rant under the hands and seals of the said two or more justices, who are hereby required and impowered to issue such warrant or the penalty accordingly; or that it shall and may be lawful to and for all may be sued and every person and persons whomsoever, to sue for and recover all and every or any the aforesaid penalty and penalties, given, or imposed by this act, by action of debt, bill, plaint, suit, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westmin-Jlery wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and that every the person and persons, suing or prosecuting for any such penalty or penalties, shall, in all cases where he or they shall recover the same in manner herein hft mentioned, be intitled to, and Application of shall recover double costs of suit, over and above all and every the penalty, such penalty and penalties; and one moiety of every such penalty and penalties, when recovered, shall be immediately paid, by the person or persons recovering the same, to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor for the time being of the parish, liberty, or precind, in which such penalty or penalties shall arise, and for which such action shall be commenced, for the use of the poor of such parish, liberty, or precind, and the other moiety thereof shall be for the use of the person or persons who shall inform, sue for, and recover the same.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no timber or timbers whatsoever shall be laid or placed under the hearth or hearths of any room or rooms, or within nine inches of any funnel or flew of any chimney or chimnies of any house or houses within the limits aforesaid; and that no timber buildings whatsoever shall be built adjoining to any house or houses, so as the timbers thereof shall be laid into the wall

of

for and recovered in any the courts at Westminster,

with double costs.

Rules to be observed with respect to hearths and chimnies;

and to timber buddings.

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 14.'39

of any such house or houses already built, or hereafter to be Penalty of not built, within the limits aforesaid, under the penalty of fifty conforming pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, against the work- crct0* 50*man offending therein, or the inhabitant or person causing fuclx building to be erected or built, in like manner as any other penalty or forfeiture is, in and by this act, directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Party walls

after any party wall pr party walls shall be erected or built pur- P0*to be cut suant to the directions of this act, no person or persons whatso- by*

ever, who shall build against such party wall or party walls, adjoining shall, on any pretence whatsoever, cut into or wound the same, buildings, for the conveniency of making a chimney or chimnies, or for n.or/*r any other purpose whatsoever: i)or shall lay into the same any fJJJ the*2n other timbers than are allowed by this act to be laid into new than is here' party walls, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered allowed, against the party or person offending, in the manner herein be? on penalty of forediredted.; 50 L

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Builders to every master builder who shall, after the first clay of July, one fau^rlhc.thousand seven hundred and sixty four, erect or build any house ^.veyed°i within the limits above mentioned, shall, within.fourteen days.after the same shall be covered in, cause the same to be survey- V

ed by one or more surveyor or surveyors 5 and such surveyor or Surveyors to surveyors shall make oath, before one of his Majesty's justices make oath of of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city of West- she 'minster (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and requir- cofdine toVhe ed to administer) that the same hath been (to the best of his or directions of their judgment and belief) built and erected agreeable to the fe- this act. veral directions in this act contained; which affidavit shall be Oath b* filed with the clerk of the peace for the said county of Middle- cltrk'of the /ex, within ten days after the making thereof; and the said clerk peace, of the peace shall, for Vis trouble therein, be intitled to and rer His fee. ceive the sum of one shilling, and no more: and if any ma- Builder not fter builder shall make'default in the premisses, by neglecting td

to cause such survey to be made, or such affidavit to be made 0 50

and filed as aforesaid, such master builder shall, for every such'neglect or default, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; to be recovered and applied in the same manner, as any penalties or forfeitures are, by this act, directed to be recovered and applied.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Pariftnoners, That the parishioners and inhabitants of the Darish, liberty, or&c# deemed precinct, where any offence against this act shall be committed ^esses? (except persons receiving alms) shall be admitted and allowed to

be competent witnesses, notwithstanding his, her, or their being a parishioner or parishioners, inhabitant or inhabitants, in such parish, liberty, or precinct.

VIII. And whereas some part or parts of houses already pulled down, or that shall hereafter be pulled down, in order to be rebuilt, may be so intermixed with adjoining houses over or under each other, in such manner, that a party wall or party walls,

of

Anna quarto Gfcoiuiil lit. c. 14. 11764.-

J of brick or stone, cannot be effectually built upon the old foun-

dations, perpendicular quite through all the dories; in order t<* prevent mischiefs by fire, without pulling down same part or parts of the one, and laying the same to the other: for preventing disputes thereupon, or determining any subsisting dif-Disputevabout putes, bert enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all case# c*gC, iiew w^cre any dispute or controversy hath arisen, or shall arise, be- perpen^iciiiar tween the owner or owners of any house or houses already pul-party wall* led down, or that shall be pulled down in order tb be rebuilt* upon the old and the owner or owners of any house adjoining on either side foundations, to such house or houses. Within the said city or liberty of

minster, and the parishes, precihCts, and limits aforesaid, con-honfet inter- cefning any part or parts thereof intermixed over or under each mix, other, in such manner that a party wall or party walls of bricfc

Or (tone cannot" be effectually built upon the old foundations

perpendicular quite through all the stories of the said house or houses, in order tb prevent mischiefs by fire, without pulling.down same part or parts of one or more of the said adjoining feouses, and laying some part or parts of one or more of the said <: adjoining house or houses or ground to the other Of Others there

6f, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace, in the general or quarter sessions to be holden for the said city and liberty of llrc(lminjltr\ or the county of Middlesex, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon application made tb them by the person or persons desirous to pull down or rebuild any house or houses as aforesaid, to examine into such difputb or controversy, and ascertain the property, and fix the value, of what may be found necessary to be wanted for erecting perpen-ie order dicular party walls Upon the old foundations as aforesaid; and for upon that purpose, to issue their order to the sheriffs or bailiffs, or other proper officer of the city or county wherein any such dispute or controversy hath arisen or shall arise, to fumtnon a jury tb view the premisses, try the fads, and fix the value of any damages that may arise, on their verdict; and, upon such verdict, the said justices shall and may, and are hereby authorized and required to make such order of ofders in the said premiss as they, in their discretions, shall think to be just and reasonable $ and the determinations of the said justices shall be final and conclusive to all parties, without any appeal ffofn the same.

IX. And, for the better preventing mischiefs that may happen by fire, and to deter and hinder ill-minded peffons from wilfully setting their house or houses, or other buildings, on fife, with a view of gaining to themselves the insurance money. Cases, where- whereby the lives and fortunes of many families arc loft; be it in insurance further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and offices mayxfiay lawful to and for the respective governors or director's insurance mo- ^evera^ insurance offices, within the cities of London and

ney, towards \Westminster, for insuring houses and other buildings against losses rebuilding, by fire, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon the &c. houses application and request of any person or persons interested in, or damnified bynt, tkd unto> any house or houses, <St Other buildings, With'n fire.

are to bore-ferred to the justices at their quarter Tedious, who are to summon a ju ry to fixthe value; and the made such verdict.

the

1764O Anno quarto Geokoii-III. c. 14. gt

the limit* by this act prescribed, which hereafter shall or taay be burnt down, demolished, or damnified by fire; or upon any grounds of suspicion that the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, or other person or persons who shall have insured such house or houses, or other buildings, have been guilty of fraud, or of wilfully Yetting their house or houses, or other buildings,on fire; to cause the insurance money to be laid out and expended, as far as the same will go, towards rebuilding, retahating, or repairing such house or houses, or other buildings* so burnt down, demolished, or damnified by fire; unless the party t

or parties claiming fiach insurance money shall, within sixty days next after such claim shall be adjusted, give a'sufficient security to the governors or directors of the insurance office where such*house or houses, or other buildings, are insured, that the same* insurance money shall be so laid out and expended as aforesaid ? or unless the said insurance money shall be in that time settled and disposed of to and amongst all the contending parties*, to the satisfiadion and approbation of such governors or directors of T

such insurance offices respectively.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Orders of fu-That no order which shall be made by any justice or justices of ftices not lia-the peace, by virtue of or under this act, or any other proceed- ble to be r irtgs to be had touching the conviction or convictions of atiy quashed f°F offender or offenders against this act, shall be quashed or vacated1 n^robe re* for want of form only, of be removed or removeable by Ctrtio- moved by run, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of hh'Certiorari. Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Limitation of* if any action shall be brought, or suit commenced, against any a&i°ns' person or perfoto, for any thing done in pursuance of this act,

such action or suit shall be laid or brought within six months next after the fad done, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the county or place where the fad was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendantsin such action may plead Gcneialissue, the general issue, and give this act and the specia! matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same wasdone in pursuance and by authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any action or suit shall not be brought within the time before limited, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then theiury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or differ a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions; or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the said defendant or defend- T

ants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for re- rc '

covering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have, for costs, in any other case* by law. Expence of

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-> party walls foresaid, That in all cases where any party wall within the said pulled down city or liberty of Westminster^ and the paristies, precincts, and andurftlanc* limits aforesaid, shall, by virtue of the said recited act of the eleventh aft,

Anno quarto. Georgii III. c. 14. [1764.

to beeftimat- eleventh year of his mayfly King George the First, and of this the^ic*1 Pre^ent act* be pulled down and rebuilt, agreeable to the di-the rateof " regions of this present act, by the owner or occupier of one of 6 1. xo8. per the adjoining houses, the expence of such party wall shall be rod; estimated and computed at and after the rate of six pounds and ten shillings per rod; any thing in the said former act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithst'anding. and in like

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore-manner those That in all cases where any party wall shall be erected or fuance o*fthis built, agreeable to the directions of this present act, in execution.aft. of any contract or contracts entered into with the builder or

workman before the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, the expence of such party wall shall be estimated and computed at and after the rate of six pounds and ten shillings per rod; any thine in such contract or contracts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Back and fore

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, future build- That for the further and better preventing the (preading of fires, ing^to be of aM h<wfes or other buildings which, from and after the expiration (tone, or good of three calendar months next after the passing of this act, shall brick, from be erected or built within the said city or liberty of Westminster, meri|Cwards' anc*Par^es* Precinct$, and limits aforesaid, shall be built of a$ealio the stone, or of good found hard well burnt bricks, and none other,

party walls, both in the fore front, $nd back front thereof, from the breast

Height of the summer upwards (an4 likewise the party wall thereof) and that breast sum- such breast summer, in all such houses or other buildings, shall

r* not be higher than the flopr of the one pair of (lairs.

Act 6 Annae..XV. And whereas, by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, a reward of ten shillings is to be paid to the turn cock belonging to any water work where water shall be found on, or first come into, the main or pipe where the first plug shall be opened at any fire; thirty shillings to the first engine keeper, whp brings in any parish engine to help to extinguifti any fire; twenty shillings to the keeper of the second parish engine, that shall be next brought to a fire; and to the third, ten shillings; by the churchwardens of the parish where such fire shall happen; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any of the said rewards shall be claimed, by reason of any fire happening within the said city of Weshninjhr, or within the parishes, precincts, liberties, or places aforesaid, such rewards shall be paid and payable to the rewards in same manner to the keeper of any other large engine granted by (though not a parish engine) who shall bnng in such engine in aft 6 Annas, good order and complete, to help to extinguith such fire, in thb same manner as if such engine was a parish engine.

Publick act.:

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That this act shall be

deemed, and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

In cases of fire, the keepers of other large engines are equally intitled with the

Ahnaquatto- GEORGII III. c. 15. CAP. XV.

33

plantations in America > for continamending., and Making perpetual, act passed in the year of the

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America ,) for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue of the said act, towards defraying the expences of defending, protesting, and securing the said colonies and plantations; for explaining an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second,

(intituled An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade ,) and for altering and disallowing fevers! drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade between the same and Great Britain.

WHEREAS it is expedient that newproviftons and regula- Preamble, tiens Should be established for improving the revenue of this kingdom, and for extending and securing the navigation and commerce between Great Britain and your Majesty's dominions in America, which, by the peace, have been so happily enlarged: and whereas it is jifi and necessary, that a revenue be raised, in your said

dominions in America, for defraying the expences of defending, tecting., and securing. the same j we, your Majesty's dutiful and

Icyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, parliament ass'em-

hled', being desirous to make same provision, in this present session of

forliment, towards raising the said revenue in America, have refined to give and grant unto your Majesty the fraeral rates and duties herein after-mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present From and af-parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ter 19 Sept, from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand tlle fot- seven hundred and sixty four, there shall be raised, levied, col- and'^tfe's* levied, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for to take place and upon all white or clayed sugars of the produce or manufac- on the several tare of any colony or plantation in America, not under the do- fp?cie> °* dominion of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; for and upon {^'re'Vnume-indico, and coffee of foreign produce or manufacturej for and rated, import-upon all wines (except French wine;,) for and upon all wrought ed into any or Clks, bengals, and stuffs, mixed with (2k or herba, of the ma-, hii Maie % '»

Vol. XXVI.

D

America

34

Anna quarto Georgii III. c. 15. [1754.

nufacture of Perfidy China, or East India, and all callico painted, dyed* printed or stained there 5 and for and upon all foreign linen cloth called Cambrick and French Lawns, which shall be imported or brought into any colony or plantation in America, ' which now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and dutie&following; that is to say,

white For every hundred weight avoirdupois of such foreign white

clayed sugars, or clayed sugars, one pound, two shillings, over and above all 11. 2 s. per other duties imposed by any former act of parliament.

C.^wt.^ For every pound weight avoirdupois of such foreign indico,

six pence*

Coffee il 1 s For every hundred weight avoirdupois of (bch foreign coffee, 9d. per c. wt. which shall be imported from any place, except Great Britain, two pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence.

Madeira wines For every ton of wine of the growth of tht.Madeiras, or of

71. person. any other island or place from whence such wine may be lawfully imported, and which shall be so imported from such islands or places, the sum of seven pounds.

Portugal and for every ton of Portugal^ Spanish, or any other wine (except Spanish wines French wine) imported from Great Britain, the sum of ten (hil-10s. person. fines.

WroughtfiJks, For every pound weight avoirdupois of wrought silks, ben-

bengJs, and ga]s, and stuffs, mixed with silk or herba, of the manufacture of with^uTor China, or East Indidy imported from Great Britain, two

herba, is. shillings.

per lb. For every piece of callico painted, dyed, printed, or stained,

Callicoes is. in Persiay Chinay or East Indidy imported from Great Britain, two 6d. per piece, shillings and six pence.

Cambricks 3 s. For every piece of foreign linen cloth, called Cambricky im-per piece. ported from Great Britain, three shillings.

French lawns For every piece of French lawn imported from Great Britain, 3 s. per piece, three shillings.

And after those rates for any greater or lesser quantity of such goods respectively.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

fee and ohnen- That from an^ a^tcr ^le kid twenty ninth day of September, one to of the*thousand seven hundred and sixty four, there shall also be raised, growth of the levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-British colo- cessors, for and upon all coffee and pimento of the growth and tfom t^raceto Pro^ucc any British colony or plantation in America, which other places, shall be there laden on board any British ship or vessel, to be except Great carried out from thence to any other place whatsoever, except Britain, viz. Great Britain, the several rates and duties following*that is to say,

Coflee 7s. per For every hundredweight avoirdupois of such British

C. wt. 7 coffee, seven shillings.

Pimento 1 q. For every pound weight avoirdupois of such British pimento, per lb.: one halfpenny.

And

4

35

lyff^] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15.

And after tbdfe rates for any greater or lesser quantity of such goods respectively.

IV. And whereas an act was made in the sixth year of the Act 6 Geo. IL reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better feewring and encouraging the trade of his Majests sugar colonies in America, which was tb continue in force for five years, to be computed from the twenty fourth day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and thirty three, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, and which, by several subsequent acts made in the eleventh, the nineteenth, the twenty sixth, and twenty ninth, and the thirty first years of the reign of his said late Majesty, was, from time to time, continued; and, by an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the end of this present session of parliament; and although the said act hath been found in fbme degree useful, yet it is highly expedient that the same Should be altered, enforced, and made more effectual; but, in consideration of the great distance of several of the said colonies and plantations from this kingdom, it will be proper further to continue the said act for a Short space, before any alterations and amendments shall take effect, in order that all persons concerned may have due and proper notice thereof; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, shall be, and fmtherctmtL the lame is hereby further continued, until the thirtieth day of nued to 30 September9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty four. Sept. 1764.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The said act

from the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven madepeipe-hundred and sixty four, the said act, subject to such alterations tual>uhjc& and amendments as are herein after contained, shall be, and the Jfonsmade*-fame is hereby made perpetual. herein.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Foreign mein lieu and instead of the rate and duty imposed by the said act lades and fy-upon melasses and syrups, there shall, from and after the said fuP5 i^P?1^ twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and {"Colonies to sixty four, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Ma- pa« 3d. per jesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon every gallon of me- gallon.

lasses or syrups, being the growth, produst, or manufacture, of any colony or plantation in America, not under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, which shall be imported or brought into any colony or plantation in America, which now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, the sum of three pence.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- The duties 0131 said. That the said rates and duties hereby charged upon such the enumerat-foreign white or c|ayed sugars, forei^ indico, Foreign coffee, cmdeEedh^ wines, wrought silks, bengals, and stuffs, mixed with (ilk or be raised and herba, callico, cambricks, French lawns, and foreign melasses or paid as by the syrups, imported into any British American colony or plantation, recited act of

D 2 shall Geo. JI*

36 Anno qilarto Georgii III. c. t$l [1764.

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manned and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures (not otherwise altered by this act) as are mentioned and expressed in the said act of parliament, made? in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, with respect to the raising, levying, collecting, and payment, of the rates and duties thereby granted; and that the aforesaid duties hereby charged upon British coffee and pimento, exported from any British colony or plantation, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned and referred unto in an act of parliament, made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trades^ and for the better feiuring the plantation trade, with respect to the raising, levying, collecting, and payment, of the rates and duties thereby granted upon the several goods therein particularly enumerated: and that all powers, penalties, provisions, articles, and clauses, in those acts respectively contained and referred unto (except in such cases where any alteration is made by this act) shall be observed, applied, practised, and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and answering, the respective rates and duties granted by this act, as fully and effectually, as if the same were particularly and at large re-enacted in the body of this present act, and applied to the rates and duties hereby imposed; and as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the same could have been at any time put in execution, for the like purposes, with respod to the rates atld duties granted by the said former acts. Importer re-

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by fusing to pay the authority aforesaid, That if the importer of any wines shall the duties on refuse to pay the duties hereby imposed thereon, it shall and mayfeizeCCr maY he lawful for the collector, or other proper officer of the the tame, customs where such wines shall be imported, and he is hereby respectively required to take and secure the same, with the caflcs and publickly or other package thereof, and to cause the same to be publickly fri*> fold, within the space of twenty days at the most after such re-der, bld* fufal made, and at such time and place as such officer, shall, by and* deduct four or more days publick notice, appoint for that purpose; the duties and which wine shall be sold to the best bidder, and the money charges. arising by the sale thereof shall be applied, in the first place, in payment of the said duties, together with the charges that shall have been occasioned by the said sale; and the overplus, if any, shall be paid to such importer, or any other person authorized to receive the same.

If they shall

IX. Provided also, That if the money offered for the pur-not bring fuf- chafe of such wine, shall not be sufficient to discharge the duty to anc* charSes afore^a^> then, and in every such case, the collector, charges^ they or other proper officer, shall cause the wine to be ltaved, spilt, ' are to be 7 or otherwise destroyed, and shall return the casks or other pack-ltaved and age wherein the same was contained to such importer.

Qto* X. And

Those upon coffee and pimento.

s by act ac Car. II.

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15. 37

X. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That every piece Limited of callico intended to be charged with the duty herein before- length and mentioned, if of the breadth of one yard and a quarter or under, breadth of shall not exceed in length ten yards; and if above that breadth, ca 1C0CS*

/hall not exceed fix yards in length; and that every piece of cam- and of cambrick and French lawn shall contain thirteen ells each, and shall bricks, and pay duty for the same in those proportions for any greater or French lawng. iefler quantity, according to the sum herein before charged upon

each piece of such goods respectively.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Monies arif-said. That all the monies which, from and after the twenty ninth ing by the fe-day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four*

shall arise by the several rates and duties herein before granted; ©d; °* " and also by the duties which, from and after the said twenty and upon fu-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty gars, &c. four, shall be raised upon sugars and paneles, by virtue of the said act made in the sixth year of the reign of his said late ma- to be paid into jetty King George the Second (except the necessary charges of the Exche-railing, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and quer $ accounting for the same) shall be paid into the receipt of his be re- Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be entered separate and apart J^ds defray- from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs ing the or successors: and shall be there reserved, to be, from time to charges of time, disposed of by parliament, towards defraying the necessary Pr?testing the expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British colo- ni"^in nies and plantations in America. rica.

XII. And it is hereto further enacted by the authority afore- E f

said. That from and after the tenth day of September, one thou- w\£?s from sand seven hundred and sixty four, upon the exportation of any this kingdom fort of wine (except French wines) from this kingdom to any to the British British colony or plantation in America, as merchandize, the ^loni.es 111 exporter shall be paid, in lieu of all former drawbacks, a draw- to^rpa*Jj a back or allowance of all the duties paid upon the importation drawback of of such wine, except the sum of three pounds ten shillings per the duties on ton, part of the additional duty of four pounds per ton, grant- importation; ed by an act made in the last session of parliament (intituled, £^ton3gran£ An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon id by an act*wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder of the last fef-and perry, and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred fion»thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on

tie said duties) and also except such part of the duties paid upon and a]f0 the

wines imported by (Grangers or aliens, or in foreign ships, as aliens duty s

exceeds what would have been payable upon such wines, if the same had been imported by British subjects and in British ships;

any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding 5

which drawback or allowance shall be made in such manner,

and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in

all respects, as any former drawback or allowance, payable out

of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such wine, was,

ppuld, or might be made, before the passing of this act.

D 3 r XIII. Pror

3«

He first giving bond and security

for the due exportation and landing of the same;

conditioned to produce a certificate thereof from the proper officer, within j8 months.

Ho part of the old subsidy to be repaid for any foreign goods exported as aforesaid j

except for wines, white callicoes, and xpuflins*.

And upon the exportation of white.callicoes or muslins, neither the moiety of the old mbfidy,

nor the third part of the net duties thereon, granted by

Act ii and is Will. III.

and 3 and Annae, shall be repaid j

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15. [1764.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That upon the entry of any such wine for exportation to any British colony or plantation m America, and before any debenture shall be made out for allowing the drawback thereon, the exporter shall give bond, with sufficient security, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be approved of by the collector, or other principal officer of the customs at the port of exportation, in treble the amount of the drawback payable for the goods, that the same, and every part thereof, shall (the dangers of the Teas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed in, some British colony or plantation in America, and that the same shall not be exported, or carried to any other place or country whatsoever, nor relanded in any part of Great Britain* Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Marts or either of them: and such bonds shall not be delivered up nor discharged, until a certificate shall be produced, under the hands and seals of the collector or other principal officer of the customs at the port or place where such goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof: and the condition of such bond shall be, to produce such certificate in eighteen months from the date of the bonds (the dangers of the seas and enemies excepted.) And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That front and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no part of the rate or duty, commonly called The old subsidy, shall be repaid or drawn back for any foreign goods of the growth, production, or manufacture, of Europe, or the East Indies, which shall be exported from this kingdom to any British colony or plantation in America (wines, white callicoes, and muslins, only excepted j) any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day or September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, upon the exportation of any sort of white callicoes or muslins, except as herein after is mentioned, from this kingdom to any British colony or plantation in America, besides the one half of the rate or duty commonly called The old subsidy, which now remains, and is not drawn back for the lame, there also shall not be repaid or drawn back the further sum of four pounds fifteen shillings for every hundred pounds of the true and real value of such goods, according to the gross price at which they were sold at the sale of the united company of merchants trading to the East Indies, being the third part of the net duties granted thereon respectively by two several acts of parliament, the one made in the eleventh and twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for laying further duties upon wrought Jilts, miiJHns, and some other commodities of the East Indies, and for enlarging the time for purchasing certain reversionary annuities therein mentioned 5 and the other made in the third and fourth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for continuing duties upon low wines, and upon coffee, tea, chocolate, spices^ and pictures, and upon hawkers,

pedlars,

Anno quarto Georgi* III. c. 15.

39

pedlars, and petty chapmen, and upon muslins; and for granting new duties upon frveral of the said commodities, and also upon callicoes.

China-ware, and drugs 5 any law, custom, or ulage to the contrary notwithstanding. but unt51 x

XV. Provkled always, and be it further enacted by the autho- March, 1765, rity aforesaid, That until the first day of March, one thousand upon exjpor-seven hundred and sixty five, upon the exportation from this kingdom, to any British colony or plantation in America, of such

white callicoes or muslins only as were fold on or before the iins as were j twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fold on or be-sixty four, at the sale of the united company of merchantsforc5 March trading to the East Indies, such and the same drawbacks shall be J^xnduf'*allowed is are now payable upon the exportation of the said House, the goods. same draw-

backs shall be allowed as are now payable.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Where «)oda That if any merchant or other person shall, from and after the exromtion bid first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty to parts be-four, enter any goods for exportation to parts beyond the seas, yond the Teas, other than to the said British colonies or plantations in America, m order to ob-in order to obtain any drawback not allowed by this act upon the exportation of such goods to the said British colonies or iOWed by this plantations, and the said goods shall nevertheless be carried to act, shall be any British colony or plantation in America, and landed there, carried to any contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, that then, and "P? in such case, the drawback shall be forfeited, and the exporter merica, of such goods, and the matter of the ship or vessel on board such draw-which the same were loaden and exported, shall forfeit double batfclhaJl be the amount of the drawback paid or to be paid for the same, double die and also treble the value of the said goods. araountthere-

of; with treble the value of the goods<

XVII. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Addition to That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand the oath upon seven hundred and sixty four, if auy goods, not allowed to draw debentures, back any part of the old subsidy, or any other duty by this act, aT(baUb en-(haH be entered for exportation from this kingdom to any othertcred forex-" place beyond the seas, except to same British colony or planta- portation to tien in America, in every cale where the exporter is required, by other places any law now in force, to swear that such goods are not landedj^0"^1^ or intended to be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, or the ille of[^t Britidi Man, there shall also be added to, and included in, the oath up- American

on the debenture for such goods, any British colonies or planta- plantations.

tiens in America."

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Foreign rum That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, oneor fpij1^ thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no rum or spirits of the^produce or manufacture of any of the colonies or plantations in British plan# America, not in the possession or under the dominion of his Ma- tations in A* jesty, his heirs or successors, shall be imported or brought intomcncai

any of the colonies or plantations in America which now are, or hereafter may be, in the possession or under the dominion of his

D 4. Majesty,

40 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15.

[1^64

liable to be Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon forfeiture of all fuph ruot ee^he^wltli or P*r*ts» together with the ship or vessel in which the fameffiall vsffeT&c. be imported, with the tackle, apparel, and furniture thereof 5 to be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, and prosecuted in such manner and form as herein after is expressed 5, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

No sugars may

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted ^nd declared by the be imported authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day ^t°fu"h as &ePte*$er>one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, pothingp shall be ship- m before-recited act made in the sixth year of the reign of*

ped in Great his late majesty King George the Second, or any other act of Britain, and parliament, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to giv^ from "berty to any person or persons whatsoever to ini port into th^ theope* kingdom of Ireland\ any sort of sugars, but such only as (frail be fairly and bona fide loaden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence in ships navigated according to law.

XX. And, for the better preventing frauds in the importation of foreign sugars and paneles, rum and spirits, molasses and fvrups, into any of his Majesty's dominions, under pretence that the same are the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the British coloniesor plantations, it is further enacted by the authority Exporter of aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem-turn, spirits, iery one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, every person or FaflTes or Jy?" persons loading cn board any ship or vessel, in any of the British rups, from the colonies or plantation^ in America, any rum or spirits, sugars or Bmifli colo- paneles, molasses or syrups, as of the growth, product, or manures mAme- fa<ture, of any British colony pr plantation, shall, before the growth there- c^ear'nS out of the^ffiip or vessel, produce and deliver to the of, collector or other principal officer of the customs at the loading

to produce port, an affidavit signed and sworn to before fpme justice of thp and deliver to peace in the said British colonies or plantations, either by the officer°beCfore £rower> maker, or shipper, of such goods, pr his or their knowp clearing, an agent or factor, expressing, in words at length and nqt in figures, affidavit of the the quality of the goods so shipped, with the number and dequality of the nomination of the packages, and describing the name or names lamination ^ie P^antat*on or plantations, and the name of the colony of the pack- where the same grew or were produced and manufactured; ages, See. which affidavit mall be attested, under the hand of the said justice of the peace, to have been sworn to in his presence; who Officer to is hereby required to do the same without fee or reward: an$ grant the ma- the collector or other principal officer of the customs to whom fciicertifi- affidavit shall be delivered, shall thereupon grant to thp

cate thereof; master, or other person having the charge of the ship or vessel, a certificate under his hand and seal o? office (without fee or reward) of his having received such affidavit pursuant to the directions of this act; which certificate shall express the quality of the goods shipped on board such ship or vessel, with the num-and to trans-ber and denomination of the packages: and such collector or Sc^affidavit ot^er principal officer of the customs shall also (without fee or to^hcfccrc- reward) within thirty days after the failing of the ship or vessel, tary's office transmit an exact copy of the said affidavit to the secretary's of-

6 fice

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15. 41

£ce for the respective colony or plantation where the goods were for the colo* shipped, on forfeiture of five pounds. ny'°n

XXI. And it is further enacted, That upon the arrival of^5.

such ship or vessel into the port of her discharge, either in Great*affeTat Britain or any other port of his Majesty's dominions, where the port of such good* may he lawfully imported, the matter or other per- discharge, the son taking the charge of the ship or vessel shall, at the time he "laster lV° makes his report of his cargo, deliver the said certificate to the certificate*© collector or other, principal officer of the customs, and make oath the proper before him, that the goods so reported are the same that are officer, and mentioned in the said certificate, on forfeiture of one hundred I?a^ oat.h of pounds; and if any rum or Spirits, sugars or paneles, molasses th^good*1'on or syrups, shall be imported or found on board any such ship or penalty of vessel, for which no such certificate shall be produced, or which 1001.

shall not agree therewith, the fajne shall be deemed and taken^to be foreign rum and spirits, sugar and paneles, molasses and syrups, and shall be liable to the same duties, restrictions, regu- certified for, lations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all respects, as rum, spirits, Sec. sugar, paneles, molasses, and syrups, of the growth, produce, or ar5 to PaY f°-manufacture, of any foreign colony pr plantation, would re- rci^tt dutiCS* spectively be liable to by lawr

XXII. Provided always, That if any rum or spirits, sugar or Where any paneles, molasses or syrups, shall be imported into Great Britain such goods, from any British colony or plantation in America, without being ^e certffi. jncluded in such certificate as is herein before directed, and it catC| ^all be* shall be made to appear, to the satisfaction of the of imported

of his Majesty's customs at London or Edinburgh respectively, that without in-fihe goods are really and truly the produce of such British plan- fJa^the ration or colony, and that no fraud was intended, it shall and may may be a in such case be lawful for the said respective of to per- fitted to en-piit the said goods to be entered, upon payment of the like duties try, paying ps such goods would be liable to it this law had not been made. *4 du-

XXIII. And whereas by an act of parliament made in thetlC8' twelfth year of the reign ot King Charles the Second, intituled, Clausein ad An act for encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, and 1* Car. if. several subsequent acts of parliament which are now in force, it

is, amongst other things, directed, that for every ship or vessel that shall load any commodities, in thpfe acts particularly enumerated, at any British plantation, being the growth, product, or manufacture thereof, bonds shall be given with one surety, to the value of one thousand pounds, if the ship be of less burthen than one hundred tons, and of the sum of two thousand pounds; if the ship be of greater burthen, that the lame commodities shall be brought by such ship or vessel to some other British plantation, or to (ome port in Great Bri* taui\ notwithstanding which, there is great reason to apprehend such goods are freqqently carried to foreign parts, and landed there: and whereas great quantities of foreign mo-Jafles and syrups are clandestinely run on thore in the British colonies, to the prejudice of the revenue, and the great detriment of the trade of this kingdom, and it's American plantations: to remedy which practices for the future, be it further

cpacted

42 Anno quarto GEORGII III. C. 15. f 17$4-

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty iour, bond and security, in the like penalty, shall also be given to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at any port or place in any of the British American colonies or plantations, with one surety besides the master of every ship or vessel that shall lade or take on board there any goods not particularly enumerated in the said acts, being the product or manufacture of any of the said colonies or plantations, with condition, that, in case any molasses or syrups, being the produce of any of the

Sdantations, not under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or iicceflors, shall be laden on board such ship or vessel, the same shall (the danger of the seas and enemies excepted) be brought, without fraud or wilful diminution, by the said ship or vessel to iiiuivH ur w ^ome Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or to

Grfcat Britain^ some port in Great Britain \ and that the master or other perfora of which re- having the charge of such ship or vessel, shall, immediately up-port is to be on his arrival at every port or place in Great Britain, or in the pwt ofarri* British American colonies and plantations, make a just and true vai. " report ofall the goods laden on board such ship or vessel undet Non-enume- their true and proper denominations; and if any such non-enu*-ratfd goods merated goods shall be laden on board any such ship or vessel board without ^ore bond shall be given, the goods so laden together with bond given, the ship or vessel and her furniture shall be forfeited, and shall are forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the customs, and prosecuted with the vessel |n the manner herein after directed.

Bond and security to be given pursuant to the recited act in case of lading any enumerated goods, that any foreign molasses and syrups, on board,

shall be brought to some of the British plantations m A-

Master before failing from the port of lacting, is to take a certificate of his having given bond$

which, upon compleating his voyage, he is'to deliver up at the port of di (charge, on penaky of 100l.

British vessels with any British American goods,

or foreign molasses or syrups, discovered near the British American coasts, not producing a certificate

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every master or person having the charge of any ship or vessel shall, before he departs from any British colony or plantation where he receives his lacting, take a certificate under the hands and seals of the collector or other principal officer of the customs there (which certificate such officers are hereby required to grant without fee or reward) that bond hath been given, pursuant to the directions of this or any other act of parliament, as the case shall require; and the master or person having the charge of such ship or vessel, shall keep such certificate in his custody till the voyage is compleated, and shall then deliver the same up to the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the port or place where he shall discharge his lacting, either in Great Britain or any British American colony or plantation, on forfeiture of one hundred pounds for each and every offence.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any British ship or vessel laden, as aforesaid, with any goods of the produce or manufacture of any British colony or plantation in America, or having on board any molasses or syrups the produce of any foreign colony or plantation, shall be discovered by any officer erf his Majesty's customs within two leagues of the shore of any British colony or plantation in America, and the master or person taking charge of such ship or vessel shall not produce a certificate that bond has been given, pursuant to the directions of this or any other act of parliament, as the ckfe may require; or

if

17$4.] Anno quarto GEORGll III. c. 15. 43

if he shall not produce such certificate to the collector or other as required by chief officer of the customs where he shall arive, either in Great law;

Britain or any British American colony or plantation, such ship or n.ot or vessel, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and all the th^pwM^of*foods therein laden, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be arrival,

Seized and prosecuted as herein after is directed. are liable to

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a- forfeited-foresaid, That the said bond directed to be given by this act, enumerated*1" with respect to such non-enumerated goods, shall continue in goods to be in force for one year from and after the completion of the voyage} force for i and in case no fraud shall appear within that time, it shall be year after the lawful for the'of of his Majesty's customs, or any wteiPif no four or more of them, to diredf the said bond to be delivered up. fraud'appear,

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority it is to be giv-aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Sep- up. tmber9 one thousand seven hundred and Uxty four, all coffee, othe^enume-pimento, cocoa nuts, whale fins, raw silk, hides, and skins, pot goods of and pearl allies, of the growth, production, or manufacture, of the British A* any British colony or plantation in America, shall be imported mericao plan-directly from thence into this kingdom, or some other British

colony or plantation, under the like securities, penalties, and JJfSke fecul forfeitures, as are particularly mentioned in two acts of parlia- rities and pe-ment made in the twelfth and twenty fifth years of the reign of nalties,

King Charles the Second, the former intituled An act for the en- a* th°fc couraging and incrtafing oj shipping and navigation, and the latter car.n.* intituled An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and east-land trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade, or either of them, with respect to the goods in those acts particularly enumerated; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary, notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Bond and fe-aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem- ^fore her, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no iron, nor any lading any sort of wood, commonly called Lumber, as specified in an act iron or lumber passed in the eighth year of the reign of King George the First, of the British intituled An act for giving further encouragement for the impor- ,

totion of naval fores, and for other purpafes therein mentioned* of the growth, production, or manufacture, of any British colony or plantation in America, shall be there loaden on board any ship or vessel to be carried from thence, until sufficient bond shall be given, with one surety besides the master of the vessel* to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at the loading condition to port, in a penalty of double the value of the goods, with con- land the same, dition, that the said goods shall not be landed in any part of G^a^Bn^ Europe except Great Britain; which bonds shall be discharged tain $ and to in the manner hereafter mentioned; that is to say, for such of produce a cer-the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed in, Great Britain, nfiratethereof the condition of the bonds shall be* to bring a certificate in dif- months* and charge thereof within eighteen months from the date of the if for any of bond; and within six months for such of the said goods as shall the Britain A-be entered for, or landed in, any of the British colonies or plan- mf.rican Plan"

J tattons, with-

tations in 6 m0ntiisi

and if for any other place in America, Africa, or Ada, within 11 months. Where the goods perish, or are taken* the bond is discharged.

l)so goods to be shipped in one British colony to be carried to another, without a fuffeiancej

and taking out a proper cocket

which is to be produced at the port of discharge

on forfeiture of the good?.

Goods nlfo to be forfeited if they do not agrte with the cocket.

Vessel difeo-y? red near the

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15. [1764.

rations in America; which respective certificates shall be unde* the hands and seals of the collector or other principal officer of the customs resident at the port or place where such goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof; and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed at, any other place in America, Africa, or Asia> to bring the like certificate within twelve months, under the common seal of the chief magistrate* or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants residing the re; or such bond or bonds shall be discharged, in either of the said cases, by proof upon oath made by credible persons, that the said goods were taken by enemies, or perithod in the Teas,

XXIX. And, for the better preventing frauds in the importation or exportation of goods that are liable to the payment of duties, or are prohibited, in the British colonies or plantations in America, it is further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no goods, wares, or merchandizes, of any kind whatsoever, shall be shipped or laden on board any ship or vessel in any of the British colonies or plantations in A- merica, to be carried from thence to any other British colony or plantation, without a sufferance or warrant first had and obtained from the collector or other proper officer of the customs at the port or place where such goods shall be intended to be put on board; and the master of every such ship or vessel shall, before the same be removed or earned out from the port or place where he takes in his lacting, take out a cocket or cockets expressing the quantity and quality of the goods, and marks of the pack*-age, so laden, with the merchants names by whom shipped and to whom consigned; and if they are goods that are liable to thp payment of any duty, either upon the importation into, or upon the exportation from, the said colonies or plantations, the said epeket or cockets shall likewise distindUy specify that the duties have begn paid for the same, referring to the times or dates qSf entry and payment of such duties, and by whom they were paid; which cocket or cockets shall be produced by the master of such ship or vessel, to the collector or other principal officer of thp pultons at the port or place where such ship or vessel shall arrive in any of the British colonies or plantations in America, bet-fore any part of the goods are unladen or put on shore: and if any goods or merchandizes shall be shipped as aforesaid without such sufferance, or the vessel shall depart and proceed on her voyage without such cocket or cockets, or the goods shall be landed or put on shore before such cocket pr pockets are produced at the port or place of discharge, or if the goods do not agree iq all respects therewith, the goods, in any or either of those cases, shall be forfeited and lost; and any officer of his Majesty's customs is hereby impowered to flop any such ship or vessel, bound as aforesaid, which shall be discovered within twp leagues of the shore of any of the said British colonies or plant^tion? iq Jmfrifjy and \q feiz$ aqcj from theqep all the

t74.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15. £5

goods whidh shall be found on board such ship or vessel for which coast may be no such cocket or cockets shall be produced to him. the

XXX. And whereas British vessels arriving from foreign ^hichno* parts at several of the out ports of this kingdom, fully or in cocket is pro-part laden abroad with goods that are pretended to be destined duced, mayb« to some foreign plantation, do frequently take on board same seized* ftnall parcels of goods in this kingdom which are entred outwards for some British colony or plantation, and a cocket and clearance thereupon granted for such goods, under cover of which the whole cargoes of such vessels are clandestinely landed in the Itritish American dominions, contrary to several acts of parliament now in force, to the great prejudice of the trade and revenae of this kingdom; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of Majy one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no ship No^or vessel shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, be cleared out- cleared oat wards from any port of this kingdom, for any land, island, for any of the plantation, colony, territory, or place, to his Majesty belong- British coding, or which shall hereafter belong unto or be in the possession JV. or under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, whoie^argo in America, unless the whole and entire cargo of such ship or vessel be shipped in shall be bona fide, and without fraud, laden and shipped in this this kingdoms kingdom j and any officer of his Majesty's customs is hereby impowered to flop any British ship or vessel arriving from any and Where an* part of Europe, which shall be discovered within two leagues European vef of the shore of any of the said British colonies or plantations fel is discover-m Ameritay and to seize and take from thence, as forfeited, any cd near such goods (except as herein after mentioned) for which the master or other person taking the charge of such ship or vessel shall not which no such produce a cocket or clearance from the collector or proper officer cocket is proof his Majesty's customs, certifying that the said goods were duced, maybe laden on board the said ship or vessel in some port of Great fclzcd 5 Britain.

XXXI. Provided always, That this act shall not extend, nor be construed to extend, to forfeit, for want of such cocket or salt, clearance, any salt laden in Europe for the fiftieries in New England, Newfoundland, Pensylvania, New York, and Nova Scotia, or any other place to which salt is or shall be allowed by law to be carried; wines laden in the Madeira}, of the growth thereof;

and wines of the growth of thzWefiern Islands, or Azores, and Madeira laden there; nor any horses, victuals, or linen cloth, of and wines, See. from Ireland, which may be laden on board such ships or vessels. Horses, pro-

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person or persons shall counterfeit, rife, alter, or falsify, any affida- iand, excepted> vit, certificate, sufferance, cocket, or clearance, required or di-Penalty on ? rested by this, aft, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of*founterieit-any affidavit, certificate, sufferance, cocket, or clearance, so coun-teneited, rased, altered, or fatfified, such person or persons shall^certift^tcj for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds5oo 1. Scc* and such affidavit, certificate, sufferance, cocket, or clearance, shall be invalid and of no effect*

4$ Anno quarto Georgii III. C.i5. [1764.

Clause in aft

XXXIII. And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the a Geo. s. ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws made for securing the revenue of customs and excise, and for enforcing those laws for the future, and by other acts of parliament since made, which are now in force, in order to prevent the clandestine landing of goods in this kingdom from vessels which hover upon the coasts thereof, several goods and vessels, in those laws particularly mentioned and described, are declared to be forfeited, if such vessels are found at anchor, or hovering within two leagues of the (hone of this kingdom, without being compelled thereto by necessity or distress of weather; which laws have been found very benefit rial to the publick revenue: and whereas, if some provision of: that fort was extended to his Majesty's American dominions, it may be a means of preventing an illicit trade therewith, and tend to enforce an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of si Car.JI. and King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, and another act made in 18c $ Will. 3. the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in the plantation trade, so far as those laws do prohibit any goods or commodities to be imported into or exported out of any British colony or plantation in America, in any foreign ship or Foreign vef- vessel; to which end therefore, be it enacted by the authority fels found as aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem-anchor, or for, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any foreign the coals of or vc^ whatsoever shall be found at anchor, or novering any of the Bri* within two leagues of the shore of any land, island, plantation, tiflfi American colony, territory, or place, which shall or may be in the poflef-dominions, flon or under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and not de- in America, and shall not depart from the coast, and proceed upon parting, unless her yoyage to some foreign port or place, within forty eight diltreUed, hours after the matter or other person taking the charge of such hoursafter or V€^required so to do by any officer of his Ma-

notice, jetty's customs, unless in case of unavoidable necessity and di-are liable to be stress of weather, such ship or vessel, with all the goods therein forfeited, to- laden, shall be forfeited and lost, whether bulk shall have been the eoods^ broken or not; and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by.

*9any officer of his Majesty's customs, in such manner and form

as herein after is expressed.

ExceptFrench

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained fishm£ vef- shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship or vessel be-fels erfr New- longing to the subjects of the French king, which shall be found foundland. fishing, and not carrying on any illicit trade, on that part of the* island of Newfoundland, which stretches from the place called Cape Bonavijla to the northern part of the said island, and front thence running down to the western side, reaches as far as the place called Point Riche.

XXXV. And, in order to prevent any illicit trade or com* pierce between his Majesty's futydU in America, and the sub-t

' jests

47

1764.7 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 1

jftfts of the-aftwn of France in the islands of Saint Pierre and ABquelotei it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, V. That from and after, the twenty ninth day of September, one found rtand-thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any British ship or inginto, or" vessel shall be found (landing into, oncoming out from, either coming out of those islands, or hovering or at anchor within two leagues of from the isles thecoafts thereof, or shall be difeov^red to have taken any goods or merchandizes on board at either of them, or to have been^hovering,there for that purpose; such ship or vessel, and all the goods so &c. on the taken on board there, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and coasts, may be seized and prosecuted by any officer of his Majesty's ^arc&cm customs; and the matter or other person having the charge of ^nce^&c. 0"1 such ship or vessel, and every person concerned in taking any such are forfeited, goods on board, shall forfeit treble the value thereof. together with the goods;

and the matter, See. forfeits also treble value.

XXXVI. And, to prevent the concealing any goods in false packages, or private places, on board any ship or vessel arriving at any of the British colonies or plantations in America, with intent to their being clandestinely landed there, be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty c°"?eaJed.ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty onboardUn^-four, all goods which shall be found concealed in any place what- ter report soever on board any such ship or vessel, at any time after the made by the matter thereof shall have made his report to the collector or matter, other proper officer of the customs, and which shall not be com- and not com-

1>rized or mentioned in the said report, shall be forfeited and prised in his oft, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any officer f^ed^0 of the customs; and the master or other person having the ^t^c ^a-charge or command of such ship or vessel (in case it can be made fter, being appear, that he was any wife consenting or privy to such fraud privy to the or concealment) shall forfeit treble the value of the goods so

found. value.

XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem- If customed for, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any goods or good, be ei-merchandizes whatsoever, liable to the payment of duties in ther laden on any British colony or plantation in America by* this or any other b°»Jd* e of parliament, shall be loaden on board any ship or vessel|^"d^e* outward bound, or shall be unshipped or landed from any ship p^d, or vessel inward bound, before the respective duties due thereon are paid, agreeable to law* or if any prohibited goods whatso- or prohibited ever shall be imported into, or exported out of, any of the said goods be im- colonies or plantations, contrary to the true intent and meaning ^ported of this or any other act of parliament; every person who fliafi out o£any of be assistant, or otherwise concerned, either in the loading out- the British co. wards, or in the unshipping or landing inwards, such goods, orloniesin Ame* to whole hands the same shall knowingly come after the loading J^persons or unshipping thereof, shall, for each and every offence, forfeit concerned treble the value of such goods, to be estimated and computed ac- therein forfeit cording, to the heft price that each respective compaodity bears treble^ the

1

forfeits jool. and is disabled:

And persons

giving or

48 Anno quarto Georgii III. C.

together with athe place where such offence Was committed; and all thd the boats, boats, horses, cattle, and other carriages whatsoever, made use carriages^nd Of in the loacting, landing, removing, carriage* or conveyance^ cattle employ- Of of t^e goods, shall also be forfeited and lost,

c*and shall and may be seized and prosecuted, by any officer of his Majesty's customs, as herein after mentioned.

Officer receiv-

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority ing any bribe, aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any officer of his Majesty's customs shall, directly or wrdirectly, take of receive any bribe, recompence, or reward, in any kina whatsoever; conniving at a or connive at any false entry, or make any collufiVe feiZure or roa^inea^I- a&reement 5 or do any other act or deed whatsoever by which hiy lufive leisure Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall or may be defrauded in hi*, or guilty of or their duties, or whereby any goods prohibited shall be suffer-other fraud in ed to pass either inwards or outwards, or whereby the forfeitures Ins office 5 and penalties inflicted by this or any other act or parliament relating to his Majesty's customs in America may be evacted; every such officer therein offending shall, for each and every offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapa-; ble of serving his Majesty in any office or employment civil or military: and if any person or persons whatsoever shall give, offer, or promise to give, any bribe, recompence, or reward, to Sribe&ct^ any °ccr customs, to do, conceal, or connive at, any such officer, act* whereby any of the provisions made by this or any other in order to be-act of parliament relating to his Majesty's customs in America tray his tmft, may be evaded or broken, every such person or persons shall, for each and every such offence (whether the same offer, proposal, or promise, be accepted or performed, or not) forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXIX. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the seventh and eighth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses, in the plantation trade, all governors of commanders in chief of any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations, are required to take a solemn oath, to do their utmost that all the clauses, matters, and things, contained in that act, and several other acts of parliament therein referred to, relating to the said colonies and plantations, be punctually and bona fide observed, according to the true intent and meaning thereof: and whereas divers other good laws have been since made, for the better regulating and securing the plantation trade: be it further enact-Goveraors, or ed by the authority aforesaid, That all the present governors or commanders Commanders in chief of any British colony or plantation shall, Brhiffi colo-# before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and all who hereafter shall be made governors or commanders in chief of the said colonies or plantations, or any of them, before their entrance into their government, shall take a solemn oath, to do their utmost that all the clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act of parliament heretofore made, and now in force, relating to the said colonies

and

forfeit 50l.

Cltufe in aft 7 & 8 Will. 3.

nies, are to take an oath for the due execution of their duty In this and all other acts rc-

Dic'by

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15. 49

and plantations, and that all and every the clauses contained in latinfc to the this present act, be punctually and bona fide observed, according colonies, to the true intent and meaning thereof*, lo far as appertains unto*the said governors or commanders in chief respectively, under the like penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, either for neglect- under the^ing to take the said oath, or for fittingly neglecting to do their natties in the duty accordingly, as are mentioned and expressed in the said re- recited act of cited act made in the Seventh and eighth year of the reign of 7 Will. 3. King William the Third; and the said oath, hereby required to be taken, shall be administered by such person or persons as hath or have been, or shall be, appointed to administer the oath re* quired to be taken by the said act made in the seventh and eighth year of the reign of King William the Third.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties and» That all penalties and forfeitures herein before mentioned, which forfeitures in-Shall be incurred in Great Britain, shall and may be prosecuted, curred m sued for, and recovered, in any of his Majesty's courts of record thereto be ns at Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, respect- covered; ively; and (all necessary charges for the recovery thereof being and ho* to b« first deducted) shall be divided and applied, one moiety to and divided and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and thd apP11*. other moiety to the feizor or prosecutor.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That The money from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand granted by seven hundred and sixty four, all sums of money granted and a, ld

imposed by this act, and by an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for duties; the encouragema.t of /^Greenland and Eastland trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade, as rates or duties; and also all and thepenal-sums of money imposed as penalties or forfeitures, by this or ties and for-any other act of parliament relating to the customs, which shall futures relat-. be paid, incurred, or recovered, in any of the British colonies or ft^inAme-plantations in America; shall be deemed, and are hereby declared rica, are to b6 to be sterling money of Great Britain, and shall be collected, re- deemed iter-covered, and paid, to the amount of the value which such no- W money of minal sums bear in Great Britain; and that such monies shall a^the rat^of* and may be. received and taken according to the proportion and 5, 6<j. per value of five shillings and six pence the ounce in silver; and ounce, infil-that all the forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this or any other act or acts of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the said British colonies or plantations in America, which shall be Penalties and incurred there, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and re- forfeitures in covered in any court of record, or in any court of admiralty, America, may in the said colonies or plantations where such offence shall be the°coutu committed, or in any court of vice admiralty which may or shall JJ- ^0^1* be appointed over all America (which court of admiralty or vice there, admiralty are hereby respectively authorized and required to or court of proceed, hear, and determine t; he same) at the election of the cc admiral-informer or prosecutor. y*

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all penalties an(j the nce and forfeitures so recovered there, under this or any former act produce is to VoL. XXVI. X of U paid.

50 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15/ [1764.

of parliament, shall be divided, paid, and applied, as follows j One third tQ that is to say, after deducting the charges of prosecution from the King, the gross produce thereof, one third part of the net produce shall be paid into the hands of the collector of his Majesty's customs at the port or place \^iere such penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-One third to ceffc/rs; one third part to the governor or commander in chief the governor, of the said Colony or plantation; and the other third part to the and one third jterson who shall seize, inform, and sue for the same; excepting: cutoi*e pr0 e' stich seizures as shall be made at sea by the commanders or of-But seizures fibers of his Majesty's ships or vessels of Vvar duly authorized to made at sea make seizures; one moiety of which seizures, and of the pe*-by the King's nalties and forfeitures recovered thereto, first deducing thd ft^ps are to charges of prosecution from the gross produce thereof, shall bp One moiety to Pa^ as aforesaid to the collector of his Majesty's customs, to the King and and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the tue other to other moiety to him or them who shall seize, inform, and sue the profecu- for the same; any low, custom, or usage, to the contrary not-fuijca never- wth(landing; subject nevertheless to such distribution of thA theiefs to such produce of the seizures so made at sea, as well with regard to the distribution, moiety herein before granted to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-if hlLM.a^rfty cessors, as with regard to the other moiety given to the feizor coundl?or or pfofecutor, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think proclamation, fit to order1 and direct by any order or orders of council, or by shall make, airy proclamation or proclamations, to be made for that purpose. Where the

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by not anfvw^aifthority aforesaid, That if the produce of ajiy seizure made the expence^America^ shall not be sufficient to answer the expences of of condemna- condemnation and sale; or if, upon the trial of any seizure of any tien and sale, ship or goods, a verdict or sentence shall be given for the claimant, m c*t^cr t^l0^e ca^esJ the charges attending the seizing the Sd^ant, and profecyting such ship or goods shall and may, with the con-the charges,sent and approbation of any four of the commissioners of his with appro- Majesty's customs, be paid out of any branch of the revenue of bation of the customs arising in any of the British colonies or plantations ixi ers7may°he America; any thing in this or any other act of parliament to thi defrayed out contrary notwithstanding.

of the customs

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-

in America, foresaid, That from and after the said twenty ninth day of Sep-be sulmftted, f*5* one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no person till security to shall he admitted to enter a claim to any ship or goods seized in answer colts pursuance of this or any other act of parliament, and orofecuteA be given, to in any of the british polonies or plantations in Arnricay until 601 aai?d* 0t foc'ent security be first given, by persons of known ability, in the court where such seizure is prosecuted, in the penalty ot fix* m default, ty pounds, to answer the costs and charges of prosecution; tp £e con-anc*'n default °F giving such security, such ship or goods shall demned. be adjudged to be Forfeited, and shall be condemned.

Where ship or

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-goods are foresaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem-cause offor^ thwfand seven hundred and sixty four, if any ship or

goods

17^4-3 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 15. 51

£oods shall be seized for any cause of forfeiture, and any dispute ftiture> the shall arise whether the customs and duties for such goods have owner Utp been paid, or the fainp have been lawfully imported or exported, proyetbemat. or concerning the growth, product, or, manufacture, of such "r in dispute. goods, or the place from whence<such goods were brought, then,

4nd in foeh cases, the proof thereof flm lie upon the owner or dainoer of fochfhlp or goods, and not upon the officer who shall ferae or stop the fame} any law, custopa, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, In up0lt That from and after the twenty ninth day of, one information,

thousand seven hundred and sixty four, in case any information in America, shall be commenced and brought to trial in America, on account of any seizure of any Anp or goods as forfeited by this or any other act of parliament relating to his Majesty's customs, wherein a verdict or feotence shall be givep for the claimer thereof} and it shall appear to the judge or court "before whom the same w|jere a, ro, shall be tried, that there was a probable cause of seizure, the bable cause of judge or court before whom the fame- shall be tried shall certify seizure ap-«m foe recor'd or Other proceedings, that there was a probable pelr3, i|hfl; cause for the prosecutors seizing the said ship or goods; and, in the fetch case, the defendant shall not be intitled to any coils of soit same, n the whatsoever; nor shall the persons who seized the said ship or record) 'goods, be liable to any action, or other soit or prosecution, of wuithede-account of such seizure: #nd in case any action, or other suit or ^venocoftl prosecution, shall he commenced and brought to trial against any nor aaion (* person or persons whatsoever; on account of the seizing any such and in suit«, -ship or goods, where no information shall be commenced or where no w-brought to trial to condemn the same, and a verdict or sentence (^commenced shall be given upon such action or prosecution against the de- an(j brought fondant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom such to trial, action or prosecution, shall certify in like manner as aforesaid that and the court there was a probable cause for such leisure, then the plaintiff, certify feefides his fhjp or goods so seized, pr the value thereof, shall provable*-not, be intitled tp above two pence damages, nor to any costs of cause of blit; nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be fined above seizure.

- iMSSt.

a d. damage*, and no costs; and the defendant be fined not more than i

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if apy action or suit shall he commenced, either in Great Britain or America against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this or any other act of parliament relating to his customs, the defendant or defendants in

such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give the said

acts, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had General issuei thereupon, and that the same* was done in pursuance and by the authority of such ad; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be non-suited, or discontinue his action after (he defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgment

Ex shall

Treb'c cosa.

Preamble reciting clause in act 7 Ann.

Infants fcifed of lands tenements, or hereditaments, may, by order of the court.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c.i& [1764.

shall be given upon verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law.

CAP. XVI.

An act to enable infants who are seized of lands, tenements9 or hereditaments, within the duchy of Lancaster, or the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or the principality of Wales, in fee, or for the life or livds of one or more other person or persons, in trustr or by way of mortgage, to make conveyances of such estates by order of the court of the duchy chamber of Lancaster, of the court of Exchequer of the county palatine^Chester, the court of Chancery of the county palatine of Lancaster, of the court of Chancery of the county palatine of Durham, and of the courts of the great Jessions in the principality of Wales.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty ghteen Anne, intituled An act to enable infants who are feiled or possessed of estates in fee, in trust, or by way of mortgage, to make conveyances of such estates, persons under the age of one and twenty years, having estates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, only in trust for others, or by way of mortgage, are enabled and compeliable, by the direction and order of the high court of Chancery, or the court of Exchequer, to convey and ajfure such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in such manner as the said court of Chancery, or the court of Exchequer, shally by such order in pursuance of the said ail, direis: and whereas the benefit intended by the said act wilt be manifestly extended, by giving to, and vesting in, the proper respective courts of the duchy of Lancaster, and the courts in the several counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, and the courts of the great sessions in Wales, such and the like power, jurisdiction, and authority, re-foiling infants who are or shall be fetfed of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the said duchy of Lancaster, and the fevered counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, and the principality of Wales respectively, in fee, or for the life or lives of one or more other person or persons, as by the said ail is given to, and vested in, the high court of Chancery, and the court of Exchequer: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons under the age of one and twenty years, having such estate or estates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the duchy of Lancaster, or the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham respectively, or in the principality of Wales, by the direction of the court bf

jjrfif] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 17. 53

the duchy chamber of Lancaster, of the court of Exchequer of the county palatine of Chsjler, of the court of Chancery of the county palatine of Lancaster, of the court of Chancery of the county palatine of Durham, and of the several courts of the great sessions in Wales respectively, signified by an order made upon hear- Son?wmo-ing all parties concerned on the petition or motion of the person tien'made, Ot persons for whom such infant or infants shall be so seized as aforesaid, in trull, or of the mortgagor or mortgagors, or guardian or guardians, of such infant or infants, or persons intitled to the monies secured by or upon any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereof any infant or infants are or shall be seif-edrintrust, or by way of mortgage, or of the person or persons joptled to the redemption thereof, to convey and assure any such make convey-lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fuen manner as the said sneet of such sevend courts of the said duchy, counties palatine, and great session in Wales, wherein such lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

shall lie, by such order so to be obtained, dire ft, to any other person or persons; and such conveyance or assurance so to be had whichshallbe

and made as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in law, to good

all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said infant or in*

iants was or were at the time of making such conveyance or af-

furance of the full age of one and twenty years; any law, cu-

ftpm, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Infants being all and every such infant or infants, being only trustee or trustees, ^ortea-

mortgagee or mortgagees, as aforesaid, (half and may be com- gCC8> 8 '

y such order as aforesaid to be obtained, to make such may be com-conveyance or conveyances, assurance or assurances, as aforesaid, p«J}ed by such in like manner as trustees or mortagees of full age are compellable

tp convey or assign their trust estates or mortgages* conveyances

CAP. XVII.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Maje, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being, relating*) the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laws now in fora, for the and train-

ing the militia, within that part of Great Britain Eng-Jand, are in some respects defective: and whereas frequent delays,

and many difficulties have occured in the execution of the acts now in forte for raising and training the militia, from the manner in which the whale execution of the acts is made to depend in all counties, ridings, and places, where the militia has been or shall be raised, upon holding a general meeting, on either the loft Tuesday October, or the lass

Tuesday in May, in each year-, and doubts have arisen, whether, in such tale, any subsequent general meetings can now be called for the purposes of the said acts, unless there shall have been a previous general meeting on one of the days before may it therefore

fa Arind qtrairth GeofeGll ITL Kif.

please your Majesty,; that it thay be enaRed;nd be it enacteef by the Xing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, its this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of tilt* In counties same, That it shall and may be lawful for his MajestyVHedtfe* U^?as&en* nant cvei7 ccranty> riding, and place* where the mifitht hM or shall be been or than be raised, together with irtiy two or more deputy raised, general lieutenants, and on the death or removal, dr in the absence of meetings may his Majesty's lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, in th?feme whenever and as often aS they shall find necessary, to summon, manner as in cause to be summoned, a general meeting, according to the couQtieswhere dntdtibrts of the aR, passed in the second year of the reign of tire mitltk has ^rs prefeitt MajestV, for ftmmoning general meetings in corn* and fluSbave* the mmtTa -ha^ndt been rarfed; Which gerteral meeti

the same pow- tags herein drredfed, foal! have the same powers as tf Such ge* er as meetings neral meetings had been held bn the fad Tuefdcty in Majy or oh lift Ttitfday ih 0£Mery in each year, in puffuance of the said

iaft^ueWif H« And whereas fthe raising the militia has, in same counties,

in October. been delayed by the vacancy of lord Keutenants in particular

counties, and it is essential to the good of the fervfcb, and the

In every conn- eftoblifhftierit of a militia, which, to be effectual, Should bfe ge-

tv, &c. where nerai, that such local difficulties Should be removed for the nr*

office of turc; be it therefore enaReid, and it is hereby enacted, Thht in

iTvican^h^ tvclty epunty, riding, and place, where the bffice of lordfieute-

Majestyto ap- nant is, or shall be vacant, it mall and may be lawful for his

obint 3 deputy Majesty, his heirs and successors, to appoint three perfims out of

lieutenants, to the deputy lieutenants of any such county, riding, or place, tb

office so far's exectrtc tfle office of lord lieutenant 6f such county, riding, or

relates t6 tfbd place, so far as the same relates tb the executing the feYeral poW-

aftsfbr raising ers and authorities verted in lieutenants, in and by the several aRs

aitd training Of parliament for the raising and training the militia, during such the militia. vacancy.

No volunteer w^ereas many inconveniencies have arisen in the fer-

orfubttitute to v*ce> rctai wartt fQtn€ defer! ption of the men who shall be

be admitted accepted fcs volunteers, offered by parishes as parochial fobrti-and sworn, tutefc, or of men tendered to serve as substkutesby persons ebofen beh° feet nt^bailot; be it enacted, That no liich volunteer or substitute incho/high. taajl be admitted and sworn to serve in the militia who shall opt 6'he five "feet four inches in height, and able and fit for A person be- IV. Add whereas it is become necessary to prevent the militia ing in rolled to men of one county from inrolling themselves in the militia of serve in the another; be it therefore enacted, That if any person, after being, county °ande tarolled in the militia bf one county, riding, or place, shall, during such service, engage and be inrolled to serve in the militia of any other county, riding, or.place, he shall, upon conviction thereof before any one justice of the peace of the county in which he shall last enter into the said militia, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds; and in case such person shall ndt immediately pay such penalty, such justice of the peace shall, by warrant under his hand and seal, commit such person

3

ity, who mall engage and be inrolled to serve in the militia of another county,

iAnna quarto G&o&gu IIL 0.17* 55

Period to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, forfeits ioi. if where he shall have been so convicted, there to remain without ^ly^id ^to hail or main prize, for any time not exceeding three months, or be committed unless he shall sooner pay the penalty aforesaid. for any time

V. And whereas the provisions in the said act passed in the not exceeding fecpod year of the reign of his present Majesty, for reimbursing 3 months# officers of parishes the monies by them expended for the relief of militia men, who on their march, or at the place where they shall be called out to annual exercise, shall, by sickness or other-wifig^ want such relief, have been found insufficient for the purposes thereby intended; be it therefore enacted, That in case A militia man any man serving in the militia shall, on the march, or at the on the march, nlace where he shall be called out to annual exercise, be disabled ofexeixiie, di£ by ficluiefs or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for any one abled by lick* justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, or any mayor ness, or other-or chief magistrate of any city, town, or place, where such 7 be.ro* man shall then be, by warrant under his hand and seal, to order o^cer8 of the him such relief as he shall think reasonable; and the officers of parithwherebe $he parish, tything, or place, where such militia man shall be so shall then be, relieved, shall, upon producing an account of the expences P31*1^ of-occasioned thereby, allowed under the hand of a justice of the f^urftd the* peace, to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, for which expences oc-( such militia man shall serve, shall be reimbursed such expences cafionedther^-by the treasurer of such county, out of the county (lock, and by, out of the (peb treasurer shall, upon producing such account allowed as a- uMn^r^uc-Fpresaid, be allowed the same in his accounts.^accounts"

VI. And whereas, as the laws for regulating the militia now thereof allow* stand, no power is given of punishing such militia men as shall, by a after having joined their corps, desert during the time of annual of "c Pcacc* exercise, and not be taken till after the expiration of the time of such annual exercise, and consequently of the period now fixed for the continuance of martial law; be it therefore enacted.

That if any militia man shall so offend, and not be apprehend- Militia men cd during the time of such annual exercise, every such militia who after barman, being thereof convicted upon oath, before one justice of, 0J£(6

the peace, of any county where such militia man shall be ap- fti^dcfcrt! prehended, (haflincur the penalty, and be subject to the puhiih- during the * meat, inflicted by the said act of the second year of his prefect time of annual Majesty upon militia men not joining their corps.,

taken till after the expiration of the time of annual exercise, shall incur the same penalty an militia men not joining their corps.

VII. And whereas it would be very conducive to the preservi-tien of order and discipline, during the time of annual exercise, of great convenience to the corporals and private militia men in the fopplying them with necessaries, and of essential utility to their respective families, if the captains or commanding officers were enabled to flop a limited part of the daily pay of such corporals and private men when called out to annual exercise; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every A captain or captain or commanding officer of the militia, to put the cor- o^mayput

E 4 porals corporals and

56 Anno quarto GoitGn III. c. 17. [1764.

private men porals and private militia men of his company under stopfsages, under stop- not exceeding six pence a day, for the purposes aforesaid: proceeds n6dCXaVKk^ always» That every captain and commanding officer shall dayVand (half ac<*>unt with each corporal or private militia man for the said* account with stoppages, before such corporal or private man shall be difmHE* them for such ed from the said annual exercise, having first deduced whatshall stoppages be- have been laid out for them for necessaries and repair of arms SfaifaT torn damaged by their neglect. '

annual exer-

VIII. And whereas no powers are granted by the said act, cif$. passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for

f>unifliing drummers for misbehaviour during the time the mi-itia to which they belong is not'called out to annual exercise (except by their being displaced 1>y their captain) which defect in the law has been found inconvenient to the service of the mi- A drummer litia; be it therefore enacted, That if any drummer shall be negligent in negligent in his duty, or disobedient to the orders of the adju-disobec^ei^to tant» or other his superior officers, and be thereof convicted the orders of upon the oath of the adjutant, or other superior officer, or the adjutant, other credible witness, before one or more justice or justices of °rot'^luPe'the peace of the county in the militia of which such drummer forfeit not ex° ^erves> such drummer shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceed- feeding40s. if ing forty shillings, at the discretion of such justice or justices; notimmedi- and if such drummer shall not immediately pay such penalty, it ately paid, the shall and may be lawful for the captain, or commanding officer company to C of the company of militia to which such drummer shall belong, stop the pay ofand he is hereby required to stop the pay of such drummer, un± fuchdrumnjer, til the same shall amount to the sum of money ascertained by to pay the pe- such justice or justices, as the penalty inflicted upon such drum-tobe*applied mcr> anc* the said captain, or commariding officer, shall pay the as part of the same to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, to be appHea and common flock accounted for as part of the common stock of such regiment or of the regi- battalion $ and the receipt of the clerk for such sum mall be a mentor bat- <jjfcharge to the captain* or commanding officer for the same;

and the money f<? paid, shall be deemed as so much money paid to such drummer for his service in the militia.

IX. And whereas by the said act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That in all counties and places where the militia has not, or shall not be raised, by virtue of the several acts made for raising the militia forces, that the sum of five pounds shall be annually paid for and in lieu of every private man therein directed to be raised within each respective county, riding, and places which said sum and sums of five pounds ptr man, the justices of the peace of each respective county, riding, and place, assembled at their general or quarter sessions, arc directed to rate and assess on the county; and that the said sum and sums shall be rated and assessed in such and the same manner, and according to such and the same proportions, upon every town, parish, and place, within each respective county or riding, and shall be collected, received, levied, paid, and accounted for, by the persons making fych collection, in such manner, and by such means, as the county

rates

57

17^4.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 17/

rates have been ufaally, or may, ty an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for the more eefy assessng, collecting, and levying of county rates, be assessed, collected, received, ' levied, paid, and accounted for: and whereas there ate several cities, towns, and places, in many counties and ridings, which do. not contribute to the payment of the said fate, called the County Rate, by reason whereof doubts have arifert, whether such cities, towns, and places can be legally rated or affcfled towards the payment of the said sum and sums of five pounds fir man, in pursuance of the directions of the said act of the second year of the reign of his present Majesty: and whereas it is just and reasonable, that all such cities, towns, and places, (hofcld bear an equal share and proportion of the said payment of five pounds per man with each county or riding where the mi* within which such cities, towns, and places, may happen to lie; lids shall not be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where the militia has* fo€ fiot been raised, or shall not at any time hereafter be raised, for "thi^which any county or tiding, within which any city, town, or place, any city shall shall not be rated to the said rate called the County, the pay- not be rated sent of the said (um of Sve pounds per man, upon the whole to the county number of private militia men directed to be raised within every 5^'tof Arr county or riding, shall be divided and apportioned between each man shall i>e respective county or riding, and each such respective city, town, apportioned and place within the same, as shall not contribute to the said rate, between such called the County Rate., in' such proportion as the respective quo- "tva* there-taa paid to the land tax by each respective county or riding, and speaivequotal by each such respective city, town, and place, bear to each other, paidtotheland and the respective sum and sums so ascertained and apportioned tax bear to shall be rated, levied, and paid, out of the rates for the relief d t£e iSm* the poor, to be collected within each such respective city, town, so apportioned and place, not rated to the said rate, called the County Rate., by fltJTbe paid such ways and means, and with such powers and regulations for ont of the levying, collecting, and keeping the same distinct, as are prescribed in the said act passed in the second year of the reign of his city by the present Majesty, for each respective county or riding; and the churchwar-church wardens and overseers of the poor of each such respective denttndoTer-dty, town, and pl^ce, shall, from time to time, pay over the^the lame to the treasurer or treasurers of every county or riding with- treasurer of in which any such city, town, and place as aforesaid lies, in or- the county, to der that the said treasurer or treasurers may pay over the same to be by him paid the receiver general of the said county or riding, together with the proportion of the said sum of five pounds per man, direct- §, er with the" ed to be rated, levied, and paid, by each county or riding, by proportion of the said act passed in the second year of the reign of his present thefo^sum of

jL And be it further enacted, That in such cities, towns, ^y^uc&count/* and places, as are counties of themselves, and yet have no such tb^tobefoU* rate or assessineto as is called the County Rate, nor any powers or iowedln such" directions for rating, levying, or collecting the proportion of the cities as are laid sum of five pounds per man, to be raised by the county to counties of which the said cities, towns, or jdaces are, by the said act passed tbwdelves.

in

AflPO^qvBrtq [1764.

i* tb«, feew4 year of the., reign -of hi* prefer MwY» united, far the^purposes of (fee said the directions herein>«ofe given,

for rating, levying* and ^coU^CUng the proportion of the said l sum of Sye pounds ptr wm* within such cities, tqwns, and, places, as do not contribute to th# county ratq, Avail bq purfqed. and followed ia all such ckiesj tpwqs, or places* are counties of themfejvies.t,

XI., And wb&$a&) in some*part* of this kingdom there ar^ towns wbh& lif in two counties* and doubts Jiay^arisea, whether such tpwns arc obliged to pay to both counts the sum of five, pounds vn Ijeu of every private militia man which Avail not bn Where a town naised by such counties it. be ifi therefore ena$pd by the authority lies in two aforesaid, That where any jtown bos in two counties, it shall be Mtt^coakwful far th^frid town to cpntribjofa their quqtvfpr and in lieu, bnmhcitiqeo. of r^fmgbs o>Uhia, for that cnunty only where the ehqrclv ta, in lieu of of the said town is ntuatej apd the deficiencies of the other raising rtie mi- county rate, which the said town would have paid, Avail be made} tii^ for that u^the county in general# and not by the division or hundred XTthdr where the M town is fixated.

clmrchfbmds* and the deficiencies of She other county aates, are to be made up bp the county in general,

Cap. xviii.

An act for (barging on the sinking fund, ter tain annuities granted by an aftfaffed in, the Jwfi year 9/ the reign of his frefent Majesty, and far earryiing the duties mentioned, ta the said fund-, and for<eonfekdating fab of the said annuities as are granted for a certain term of years, irredeemable, with other annuities granted

by an act passed in the fecoud year of his present Meyer fty's reign.

Preamble, re- Vt/^EREAS, inpurjuance of an act of parliament made in citing cUufe* V the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, in 1 Geo. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upoq II1* (trong beef and ale; and for raising the sum of twelve millions,

by way of annuities and a lottery., to be charged on the said duty: jmd for furrier encouraging the exportation of strong beer and ale; fever a Ipersons, bodies politic or, have advanced arid

lent the sum of twelve millions upon the credit of the several duties upon strong beer and ale by the said act, far the purchase of

annuities traits/errable at the bank ^England, after the rate of three

pounds per centum per annum, upon the said sum of twelve mil* lions; and also of an annuity after the rate of one pound, two fallings, and six pence, per annum, for every hundred pounds of the sum of eleven millions four hundred pounds. Part of the said sum

of twelve millions Jo subscribed as, for a certain term if

ninety nine years, to be computed from the fifth day of January, ouf t Geo. III. thousand seven hundred and sixty one: and whereas in pursuanie y an act gfparliament made in the second year of the reign of his peer

- j-(nt

Anno quarm Georgii III. c.i ff*

ySnr Majesty, intituled An act for raifuig by annuities; ha manner therein mentioned, the font of twelve millions to be charged on the linking fond; and for applying the surplus of certain duties on spirituous liquors, and also the monies arising from the duties on spirituous liquors, granted by an act of this session of parlra* meat; fitvralpersons, bodies politic or, advanced and

km the sum of twelve milliont upon the credit of the surplus of the

fevered dudes on spirituous liquors, granted by two acts of

of tie twenty fourth and thirty third years if the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and on the credit of the fevered duties on finrittms liquors\granted by an act of the year of his present Majesty, far the purchasi of annuities at the

bank of England, at the rates so; that is to say, for every fitrn of eighty founds by them advanced towards the sum of nine Hons six hundred thousand pounds, part of the twelve mHiions, to

bo milled to one hundred pounds capital, being an interefi of font founds per centum per annum, during the term of nineteen years;

end after the expiration thereof', to an annuity of three pounds pee

centum per annum on every hundred pounds of ftch abb by parliament; and for every twenty pounds of the fiem of two millions four hundred thousand pounremainder of the fad twelve

nuUions, to an annuity of am pound per annum, for a certain term of ninety eight year's, to be computed from the fifth day of January, one tboxfind seven hundred and finty two: and whereas it is thought

omcejfitrythat the find annuities granted for the term of ninety tune yean from the fifth of January, one thousand seven hundred and finty mu, hytho find ailof the firs year of the reign of his present Majesty, and transfirvabteat the bank of England, be, with the confint ef tbt proprietors thereof, added to, and made a joint Jloek with the said annuities granted by the said act of the ficond year of the frig* of his'pttfini Majesty, far the term of ninety eight,

from the fifth day if January, one thousand seven hundred and toot, alfi trmsferoaUeat the hank of England; that the charges

and exponees Of the find annuities granted in the first year of the reign of hit prof eta Majesty, be charged upon and paid out of the sinking fond, in the same and tike as those of thefend annui-

ties granted in the feeonA 'year of the reign of his present Majesty Ore paid and payable: and whereas it is thought necessary that the Jhid principal sum of twelve millions borrowed on the credit of the fetid aiT of the first year of the reign of his prefint together with the charges and expenses attending the same, Should be, with the confint if the proprietors thereof to be within the time

herein after-mentioned, charged upon, and paid out of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and that the feverd duties upon firongbeer and ale, which by the said ail were made a fund for the payment of the said three pounds per centum per annum amttfities, Should be carried to and made part of the said; may it therefore pkafe your most excellent Majesty, that it ngsy be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and oonfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftem-

bltd,

Co

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 18.

[i7^4*

The long an* bled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after nuities grant- the fifth day of January? one thousand seven hundred and sixty/ ef* 7" four, the said annuities granted by the feud act of the first year ^ Geo. III. reign of his present Majesty, for the term of ninety nine

with content years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hun-> of the proprie- dred and sixty one, shall be, with the consent of the several pren tort, to be ad- prietors, added to, and made a joint (lock with the annuities made*ioint which were granted by the said act of the second year of the stock with? of his present Majesty, for the term of ninety eight years,

those granted from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and by act* Geo. sixty two, transferable at the bank of England-, and that the h to bC c*larges expences thereof be charged upon, and paid out an^payab^" the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, in the same.and out of the like manner as those of the said annuities granted for ninety Sinking Fund, eight years, in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, are paid and payable; any thing in the said act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The principal It. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sum of That from and after the fifth day of January, one thousand seven ii, oooo, ooool. hundred and sixty four, the fiud principal sum of twelve millions*the credit of borrowed on the credit of the said act of the first year of the act i Geo. III.-reign of his present Majesty, carrying an interest after the rate with the V>f three pounds per centum per annum, together with the charges charges at- and expences attending the same, shall be, with the consent of c^rgeS/with t*lc proprietors, charged upon, and paid out of, the fund com-content of the monly called The Sinking Fund, until redemption thereof by jpar-propnerorsjon liament; any thing in the said act made in the first ye?r of his F^und'ancT aid Pre^nt Majesty's reign to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

thereout, till withstanding., c f. i

redeemed. HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Annuitants That such proprietors of the said annuities for ninety nine years, and also such proprietors of the said annuities on the capital on or before ^um twc^vc millions redeemable by parliament, granted by 1 June, 1764. the said act of the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, to the charg- who shall not on or before the first day of June, one thousand hig t^rre*'seven hundred and sixty four, signify their difient to the charg-nultirton then6 ^e*r t^P^e annuities on the sinking fund in books to be Sinking Fund, opened at the bank of England for that purpose, shall be deemr deemed to af* ed and taken to afient thereto any thing to the contrary thereof lent thereto. in hny wise notwithstanding.

The monies

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, arising by thfe That all the monies which' have ariien since the nfth day of dft5CdfnadC January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, orthst payment of mall or may hereafter arifeof the several duties upon strongbeer the said an- and ale, which were made a fund for the payment of three pounds per centum per annum, in manner above mentioned, on twelve millions; and aho of the said annuities for ninety nine years, by virtue of the said act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty (which sum of twelve millions was granted towards the supply of the year one thousand seven hundred and

sixty

nuities and

principal

sums,

6i

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 19.

sixty one) (ha! be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund? and the same shall be deemed and taken to be part of the same sinking fund; and shall be to be carried Hlued and applied to such uses and purposes as the federal ex- s, iking

cedes, surplusses, or overplus monies composing the sinkingccoA--

fund, are or may be issued and applied; any thing in the said act uigly. of the first year of the reign of his present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. xix.

An act for importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS the rivers, bays, and coajls, of the colony ^pre-muie Quebec in America, and the seas adjoining, are commodi-oufiyftuated for carrying on a very advantageous fishery, to the great benefit of the inhabitants of the said colony, and to the extending the commerce and increaseng the riches of these kingdoms: and whereas it would be of great advantage to the said fishery, if his Majestfs subjects were permitted to import salt into the said colony directly from foreign parts, in like manner as is allowed with respect to the fisheries if New England, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, by several Taws now in being: may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from Ff0m an(J^and after the twenty fourth day of june3 one thousand seven ter4ju; ae*hundred and sixty four, it shall and may be lawful to and for any 1764, (alt may of his Majesty's subjects to carry and import salt from any part he imported of Europe into the said province oiQuebec in America, in British jn^British vef-» fipps and vessels manned and navigated according to the act of maimed and parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles navigated ac-the Second, intituled An act for encouraging and increasing of cording to act shipping and navigation, and in the same manner as salt may be I. Ctr* imported from Europe into New England and Newfoundland by 0fE^pemto an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of the said King the province Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of of Quebec;

trade\ any law, Statute, usage, or custom* to the contrary in mUknmnn^ r J.LA 0'-ner as into

any wise notwithstanding. New England,

&c. by virtue offt«j Car. IL

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ..'That this act shall continue and be in force from and after foroforone the said twenty fourth day of June, for the term of one year from a, year, and from thence to the end of the then next session of June 1764. parliament,

CAE.

S'

6a

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 20.' CAP. XX.

Preamble, reciting claufts in act at Geo. II.

The fort of Senegal, and

An act for vesting the fort of Senegal, and Its dependencies* in the company of merchants trading to Africa.

Me# re- WHEREAS by an all made in the twenty third year of the* re*&n of late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for extending and improving the trade tQ Africa, all the British /tfr/j, settlements, and factories, on the coaji of Africa, <?/&/ tf// other the regions, countries, dominions, territories, continents, bays, rivers, iw/Ara rtr^fife

described, in the company by the fold alt established,

and called The company of merchants trading to Africa, and their successors, to the intent and purpose, that the mid forts, fctflements, and premises, Should be employed at all times thereafter, only for the frotetfidny encouragement, and defence, 0//^ fat'd trade: and where-as the fort of Senegal tfm/ dependencies yjtre, by the late treaty of

peace, ceded to Great Britain, W are now subject thereto: and whereas it woidd be of advantage to Great Britain, and to the trade to Africa, if the said fort and its dependencies were also vefed in the said company: may it therefore plpafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's trioft excellent ma-$efty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem* bled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after its debendea- °* this act, the fort of Senegal, and its dependencies,

dc£, vStel in he» anc^ the same, and every part thereof, are hereby de-the African dared to be, vested in the company of merchants trading to Africa, to be employed at all times hereafter for thp protection

eneoqrageraent, and defence of the African trade, in the same.manner, and under the same regulations, and subject to the samp rules, orders, directions, governments, limitations, restrictions, ^. powers, and authorities, as the other forts and settlements on

; I o the coajft of Africa are now vested in the said company, and sub-

iv, jed to, by virtue of the said recited act, in as fujl, ample, and

4 y\[; effectual manner, as the same could or would have been, if

*»o the said fort and dependencies had been mentioned in the said

gd, or all the clauses# provisoes, authorities, powers, directions, limitations, rellridions, matters, and tilings, contained in the iaid recited act, were herein again repeated and enacted.

Clause in the D. And whereas by the said recited act, the committee for the mittd 3$, Anafe being having the direction and management of the aftirs.1 of ithe Aid company, are intpowered, out of the monies they

j -stall ireceive, to dedud annually a sum not exceeding dghthurb-

tdred pounds, for paying Salaries, house-relit, and other charges, and for the other purposes mentioned in the said gd; which The commit- sum will now be inadequate to the expences of the said com-^having the mittee, and the intention of the said act; be it therefore further man^ement enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said committee shall of the affairs dedud annually out of the monies they shall receive, a further of the compa- sum not exceeding four hundred pounds, for the purpose of ny, impower- paying

1 1

1764.] Anno Quarto Georgii III. C.i i.^3

paying the salaries of their clerks and agents at London.) 6ri/lot9*& to deduct, and Liverpool^ the house-relit of their office in* London^ and all

charges of management, commission, or agency In England, for and as a farther compensation"for their trooble and attendance ries, houffe-in the said office as committee-men. relit,

[Publick act.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, and taken to be a publickoft, and shall be taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other. f, !' persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the ftme.

CAP. XXI.

An dtt for taking and f wearing affidavits to be made itfe of in any of the courts of the county falatint of Durham. '

WHEREAS rir hath been found very inconvenient, that no Preamble...

per fin or personss is dr are tptpvwered'to grant iommissions fdr the taking atiifwearing of affidavits to be read and made ufiof in the court of chancery of and for the county palatine ^Durham, and in the court of fiffion of pleas held in and for the fend county palatini of Durham, before his Majesty's justices as will of pleas of the erown as of common pleas, and all manner of pleas tt/batfiever within the said county palatine of Durham, in the several matters and taufes depending in the said courts respectively\ for remedy whereof* be it enacted fby the King's jnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpmtual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by theatN shority of the same. That the chancellor of the county palatine Th? chaacel-of Durham for the time being, the justices of the court of pleas |gr* an|?^in and for the said county palatine for the time being, or any ^urt ofplear two of them in their session of pleas, tjiall and may, by one or impowered to* more coonniffion or commissions undo: the several seals of the issue commis-£ud refoe dive courts of chancery ind court of pleas in and for fio"s to P*0!* the said county palatine of Durham, from time to time, as need shall require, impower what and as many perforn as shall be fidavits in thought fit and ftecefiary, to take and swear all and dvery such pufesdepends-fcllkkvit and affidavits as any person or persons shall be willing j*1* and desirous to make before any of the persons so -impowered,

In or concerning any cause, matter, or thing, depending, or

hereafter to be depending, or any wife concerning any of the proceedings to be in either of the said courts of chancery, or court of pleas, in and for the said county palatine of Durham* as matters in chancery in extraordinary do use to do* which said The'affidayits affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be filed in the several and respective offices of the said court of chancery, and the court of court*,*! pleas, in and for the said county palatine of Durham 5 and the readia m*. same shall and may be read and made use of in the find relpeo- dence. live courts, to all intents and purposes, as other affidavits taken

tn the said courts now are: and that all and every affidavit and.

'affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be of the same force as affidavits taken in the said respective courts now are: and all and penalty of every person and persons fi^wearing him, her* or themselves, forswearing.

in

L=.ooQ[e

Cnriitor to make out the commissions, upon a hat from the chancellor $ and hat from % justices of the pleasj and make an entry thereof»

His fees for each commission.

Commissioners fees for swearing affidavits.

Officers of the respective courts impowered to take affidavits as heretofore.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 2 2«[1764.

in such affidavit or affidavits, shall incur and be liable unto the same penalties, as if such affidavit or affidavits had been made and taken in open court: which said several commissions shall be made out by the cursitor of the said county palatine of Durham, upon a fiat or warrant from the said chancellor of the said county palatine of Durham, for taking affidavits in the said court of chancery; and upon a fiat or warrant from any two of the justices of the pleas, in their session of pleas, in and for the said county palatine of Durham, for taking affidavits in the said court of pleas: and the said cursitor shall cause an entry to be made, in a book to be kept for that purpose of the names of the persons to whom such commissions are from time to time granted, and the respective times when issued; and the following fees shall be paid for each commission, and no more, (to wit) the sum of two shillings for the fiat or warrant; the sum of four shillings for making out the said commission, besides the Kind's duty, and value of the parchment; and the sum of four shillings for sealing the same: and every commissioner or person so impowered shall take and receive, for the swearing of every affidavit before him in the said court of chancery ot Durham, the sum or fee of two shillings, and no more; and for the swearing of every affidavit before him in the said court of pleas, in and for the said county palatine of Durham, the sum or fee of one shilling, and no more.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That such officers of the said respective courts of chancery and court of pleas, in the said county palatine of Durham, as have heretofore taken sworn affidavits, shall and may continue so to do, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

CAP. XXII.

An act for continuing several alls of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's subjects.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers acts of parliament have been made for the encouragement of his Majesty's subjects to carry on and improve the whale fishery, which, by the bounties given by the find acts, did) till checked by the late war, greath increase, and by the continuance thereof, will fill further increase, to the great advantage of the trade and navigation of these kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority Act < Geo. II. ^e same. That an act made in the fifth year of the reign of whkn was Ms late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for continued by encouraging the Greenland fishery, which was to continue in force Quest aftt ofor nine from t*ic twenty fifth day of December, one thou-q sand seven hundred and thirty one 5 and which act, by an act

13 Geo. II. of parliament made in the thirteenth year of his said late Maje-

fty's reign, intituled An act for continuing several hws thereim mentioned relating to the premiums upon the importation of mafic*

yards

1764O Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 22. 65

yards* and bowsprits, tar* pitch* and turpentine; to British made sail cloth* and the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the Greenland* and to the whale fishery; for granting a further bounty for all ships employed in the whale fishery during the present war; for exempting harpoontrs and others employed in the Greenland fishery trade* from being impressed; and forgiving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of eteris and apprentices; was continued unto the twenty fifth day of December* one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which act, by an act of parliament made in the twenty second year of his* Geo. It said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fishery* and for continuing such laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the naturalization of fitch foreign protestants as shall serve* for the time therein mentioned* on board such ships as shall be fitted out for the said fishery* was further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December* one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which act, by an act of parliament made in the twenty eighth* Geo. It year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for continuing* explaining*and ameming* the several aft s of parliament made for the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's subjects* and to authorize the payment of the bounty to Thomas Hood and others* upon three ships fitted out for the said fishery* and loft in the Greenland Seas, was further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December* one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next fef- further cond-fion of parliament; shall be, and the ftme is hereby further con- "uedto5 tinued, from the time in the said last mentioned act limited for UCCm 17 7' the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December* one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Act 6 Geo. U. That an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his said late by

Majesty, intituled An act for the further encouragement of the1*' whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's subjects* which was to be in before recited* force during the continuance of the act of the fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for encouraging the Greenland fishery; and which was, by the said act of the thirteenth year of his said late Majesty's reign, continued unto the said twenty fifth day of December* one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which act was, by the said act of the twenty second year of his said Majesty's reign, continued unto the twenty fifth day of December* one thousand seven hundred and fifty (even, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which act was, by the said act of the twenty eighth year of his said late Majesty's reign, further continued onto the twenty fifth day of Decemter* one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next VouXXVI. F feflioa

66

further continued to 25 Dec. 1767.

Act 21 Geo. II. which was continued by a subsequent a^t of 28 Geo.

farther continued to 25 Dec. 1767.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 3. [1764.

session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the time in the said last mentioned act limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December > one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act of the twenty second year of his said Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further encouragement and enlarge-went of the whale fishery? and for continuing such laws as are therein mentioned relating the reto? and for the naturalization of such foreign protestants as shall serve? for the time therein mentioned? on board such ships as shall be fitted out for the said fishery, which was to be in force from the twenty ninth day of September? one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, until the twenty fifth day of December? one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session or parliament; and which was, by the said act of the twenty eighth year of his said late Majesty's reign, continued unto the twenty fifth day of December? one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament*shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the time in the said last mentioned act limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December? one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of Ac then next session of parliament.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or Exchequer bills ? and for applying certain monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the service of the year questhousand seven hundred and sixty four ? and for application of certain savings of publick monies and of monies arisen by the salt of military Jlores ? and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament ? and for relief of persons who have omitted to insert in indentures? or other writings, the full sum agreed to be pend with clerks, apprentices, and other servants.

Most gracious Sovereign?

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects? the commons " of Great Britain in parliament assembled? for raising the re-fiduc of the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sums herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseechyour Majesty, fhat it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

Treaferf'

1764.]

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 23.

Treafmry impowered to take in loans, or issue Exchequer bills, for any sum not exceeding 800, 0001. in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this session, concerning loans and Exchequer bills, thereby authorized to be taken and made.----- Clauses, Sec. in the said act relating to

loans or Exchequer bills, extended to this act.--- Exchequer bills so if-

sued not to be tendred or received in payment of any of the publick taxes, ^before 6 April 17655 unless the same shall be in course of payment before the said day. — The same to be repaid out of the first supplies which shall be granted in the next session; or out of the fmking fund, if no sup-

plies be granted before 5 July, 1765.--Monies issued.for that purpose

out of the sinking fund, to be replaced out of the next supplies. — - The bank impowered to advance on the credit of the said loan, any sum or sums not exceeding 800, 0001. the act 5 & 6 W. Sc M. notwithstanding. - And they are further impowered to issue the fom of 3, 4.97 1.9s. $d. fur pi us of the duties upon beer, Sec. granted by act 1 Geo. 3. to 5 Jan. 1764; and surplus of 150, 000 k granted the last session, for paying and cloathing of the militia $ remaining in the Exchequer. Also the sum of01, 469 H 19 s. 3d. 3 q. savings of the grant last session, for pay of the Brunpwkk troops, subsidies, and former grants, Sec. and 61, 0881. 4 s. other savings; and by sale of stores in Germany and Portugal, to be applied towards the extraordinary expences of the land forces, Sec. incurred to $ Dec. 1763, not provided for. 170, 906 k 2 s. 8 d. savings upon the ndn-et-festive accounts of several regiments; to be applied towards the unfatiffied claims in Germany, reported to be due. — The monies arising byhe malt aft, land tax, with the sum of 2, 000, 0001. charged on the faking fitted3 and the sum of 1, 110, 0001. to be raised by the bank; and also the 'aihresaid lura of 3, 497 k9s.9d. surplus remaining in the Exchequer of the duties on beer and ale; and also the savings on 150, 000 k granted last session for pay and cloathing of the militia $ and 800, 000 k granted by this act; together with the money arising by sale of French prizes taken before the war; are appropriated, viz. 80, 000 k for the marriage portion of the princess Augusta, 1, 430, 5681.11 s.9d. towards naval services in jOTiend; 3, 0*01. for building houses for the officers of the hospital at Phnumib. 10, 000 k upon account, to the of of Greenwich hospital, for out pensioners. 650, 0001. towards paying off the debt of the navy. 1, 231 L 17 s. 6 d. for paying a bounty for the year 1764, to the oldest chaplains of the navy, who have served years on board in the late war, and have not preferment of 501. per earn, value, viz. to 15 such is. 6 d. per diem, and to 15 others 1 s. per Mem. 173, 080k 8 s. 6 d. charge of the office of ordnance for land service. 52, 3591. 8 s. 1 d. charge of the office of ordnance for land service not provided for in 1763. 2, 610, 745 k 10 s. 7d. 3q. for pay, See. of the land forces in general; whereof 617, 704 k 17 s. 10 d. 3q. charge of 17, 532 effective men, including invalids, for guards and ganifons, See. 372, 7741. 6s. 4d. 3q. for the forces and garrisons in the plantations, and in Minorca and Gibraltar; and for provisions for them; 11, 3221. 7 s. 3 d. for pay of the general and general staff officers. 8o, oco 1. on account, for pay and cloathing of the militia; 30, 1881. 18 s. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines, for the year 1764; 125, 4551. 13 s. to the reduced officers of the land forces disbanded in 1763* and such as are to be reduced for the year 1764. 1, 605 k 15 s. to the officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced, and superannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horse guards; 1, 696k for pensions to officers widows. 103, 794k 2s. for eut-pensioners of Chelsea hospital; 18, 331k 17s. nd. deficiency in the grant of the last year for out-pensioners of the Odd hospital in 1763 5 43.901k 3s. 7d. 3q. subsidy to the duke of Brunswick, pursuant to treaty; 50, 000k on account, to the landgrave of Hejfe Cassel, pursuant to treaty; 823, 876k 12s. ad. 3a. extraordinary expences of land forces, &c. incurred in 1763, not provided for; 329, 093k 17s. 4d. upon account, towards fktisfying the claims in Germane, reported to be due. 1, 800, 000k for paying off Exchequer bills made out by virtue of an act of the last session; 5, 703k 14s. ijd. for supporting the civil establbhment in Nova S&tiaf 4, 031k 8s. Id. for charges of the civil establishmtat in Georgia; 5, 700k for Charges, Fa of

fTOmble.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 24. [1764.

of the civil establishment in East Florida; 5, 7001. for charges of the civil establishment in West Florida \ 1, 8181. for charges of the general surveys in North America \ »o, ooool. for supporting the forts and settlements on tho coast of Africa; 38, 3471. los. to the foundling hospital, to be issued without fee; 7, 350l. to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued by him, pursuant to the address of the commons; 10, 000l. to enable the commissioners for paving, See. the streets of Westminster, to perform the trusts re-posed in them; whereof 5, 0001, to be paid by 5 April 1764} and 5, 0001. by 5 April 176 2, ooool. to the trustees of the Sritish Museum; 2, 5001. toy. Blake esquire, for carrying on his fifo scheme; 545l. 15s. compensation* for lands purchased, &c. under aft 2 Geo. 1. for erecting forts on the fen eoafts; 1031.13s. 9d. iq. for interest of principal money for lands purchased under the recited act of 2 Geo. 3. 7, 000 to Samuel Toucbet merchant, expences incurred in fitting put vessels in the expedition against Senegal, &c. 69, 6711. is. ad. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum issued thereout, for the half year's payment due 29 Sept. 1763. on the annuities granted on the navy and victualling bills; 41, 223l. ts. 6d. to make good the deficiency on 5 July, 1763. of the duties on offices and penfioiw, and upon hpufes and Ughts; 36, 6991. x 53. ^d. aq. to make good the deficiency on 10 OB. 1763. of the additional duties upon wines imported, and duties upon cyder and perry; 129, 4891. os. 3d. to make good the deficiencies of the grants for the year 1763. --These aids to be applied to no other

uses.--- Rules to be observedin the application of the naif-pay. — Clause

in the act of 3 Geo. 3. — Application of the Pavings of the several Aims of 33, 35x1. 17s. 6d. and 88, 7041. 3s. 4d. granted the last session towards

half*pay.--Clause for relief of persons who have omitted to insert in

indentures, or other writings, the full sum agreed to be paid with clerks^ apprentices, or servants. The duties to be paid by 29 Sept. 1764.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

WHEREAS, under colour of the privilege of sending and receiving post letters by members of parliament, free from the duty ofpostage, many great and notorious frauds have been andfill art frequently practised', as well in derogation of the honour of parliament, as to the detriment of the publici revenue$ divers persons having pre-fumed to counterfeit the hand, and otherwise fraudulently to mate uft of the names, of members of parliament, upon letters and packets to be Jent by the post, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage: and whereas the allowance of sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage, heretofore granted to, or customarily exercised by, certain persons not being members of parliament, in respect of their offices, has not been sufficiently confined to such letters and packets only as relate to the buftness of their respective offices, and may therefore, if continued without further restrictions and limitations, be liable to great abuse: in order, therefore, to put the more effectual (lop to these and the like frauds and abuses, and at the same time to ascertain, for the better guidance and direction of his Majesty's post mailer general, and the officers to be employed under him, in the performance of their duty, by what persons only, and under what regulations or restrictions, the privilege or allowance of sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage shall thenceforth be enjoyed and

exercised

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 24. 69

exercised, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; From and af-and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by andter 1 M*X' with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, n W'*

revenue

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the of the post of-aUthority of the same, That from and after the first day of May, foe shall con-one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, so long as the reve- tinu? bs nue arising in the gerteral letter office or post office, or office of aggregatethC post master general, shall continue to be carried to, and made fund; no let-part of the aggregate fund, no letters or packets sent by the post, ters or packets to or from any place whatsoever, shall be exempted from pay- be fixing the duty of postage, according to the rates established by the several acts of parliament now in force; other than and ex- such fs shall be cept such letters and packets as are herein after excepted, and sent from or to in such manner, and under such restrictions, as are herein after *Sing5 declared and enacted concerning the same; that is to say. Except j!"ceedine two all such letters and packets as shall be sent from or to the King's ounces in most excellent majesty; all letters and packets, not exceeding weight, as shall, the weight of twb ounces, sent from and to any places (within bfi lent during the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland) during the fitting of parliament any session of parliament, or within forty days before or forty br within 40 days after any iummons or prorogation of the same, which shall days before or besigned, on the outside thereof, by any member of either of after summons th# two houses of parliament of Great Britain, and whereof the whole superscription shall be of the hand writing of such mem- the

her, or which shall be directed to any member of either house outside by a of the parliament of Great Britain, at any of the places of his member of usual residence, or at the place where he shall actually be at the e't^file°whoI time of the delivery thereof, or at the house of parliament, orj?the e the lobby of the house of parliament of which he is a member; feription to be all letters and packets, not exceeding the weight of two ounces, of such mem. sent from and to any places within the kingdom of Ireland, dur- bfir'* wnting \ ing the fitting of any session of parliament of Ireland, or within ^member, at forty days before or forty days after any summons or prorogation his usual refi-thereof, which shall be signed, on the outside thereof, by any dence, or place member of either of the two houses of the parliament of Ireland, where ^he shall and whereof the whole superscription shall be of the hand writ- Ih^boufeT&c; ing of such member, or which being sent, during such time as of parliament I aforesaid, from any part of Great Britain or Ireland to any part and in like of Ireland, shall be directed to any member of either house of manner, letters the parliament of Ireland, at any of the places of his usual re- j^nd fidence, or at the place where he shall actually be at the time to piaces in of the delivery thereof, or at tjhe house of parliament, or the Ireland, du-jlobby of the house of parliament of which he is a member; all £>ng the fef-Jetters and packets directed to the lord high treasurer, or com-^within* o jnissioners of the treasury, or the secretaries to the treasury; to days beforeor ihe lord high admiral, or of of the admiralty, or aftersummons the secretaries of the admiralty; to his Majesty's principal fecre- or proroga-iarics of state, or their under secretaries; to the of^dircOed for trade and plantations, or their secretary; to his Majesty's aforesaid s secretary at war, or the deputy secretary at war 5 or to his Ma- also all letters jesty's lieutenant general, Or other chief governor or governors and packets to*' F3 of the lord high

7 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 24^ [1764.-

treasurer, or of Ireland, and his or their chief secretary, his or their secretary commission- for the provinces of Ulster and in that kingdom, his or

f": and ^re' their secretary redding always in Great, the under fecre-

SSK; lord tary and first clerk in the offe ce in Ireland of the said chief fecre-high admiral, tary, the first clerk in the office in Ireland of the said secretary, cttmmissioners for the provinces of Ulster and Munster \ or to his Majesty's post — and secret*- master general, or to the L deputy erf the postmaster general, for that mtraky; p^' part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the kingdom of Ireland, cfpal (ecreta- or for his Majesty's dominions in America respectively \ or to rie* of (late, the secretary of such postmaster general, or deputy of the post-and their u.n" master general, or to the farmer of the bye and cross road let-comSjncn ters> or to any of the surveyors of the poll office, all for the time* ftr trade being; and all letters and packets sent from any of the said of-; and plants- fleers for the time being, which shall be signed, on the outfid^ tiens, or their thereof, by such officer, and whereof the whole superscription secretary at likewise be of the hand writing of such officer; and also

war, or his de- except all letters and packets sent from the treasury, the admi-puty; lieute- ralty office, the office of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, the plantation office, the war office, or from the general post office at London, or from any of the chief offices at Edinburgh, at Dublin, or in America, and which shall appear, by an indorsement made thereupon by same person properly authorized as herein after mentioned to make the same, to be upon his Majesty's service, and shall be sealed with the seal of the office, the provinces or w*th the fad of the principal officer in the office or depart-of ulster and ment from which they are sent.

Munster; their secretary redding in Great Britain 5 the under secretary, and first clerk. In the office in Ireland of the chief secretanr, and the first clerk in the office of the fe cretary for Ulster and Munster, the postmaster general, or deputy for Scotland, Ireland, and America $ the secretary, or deputy of the postmaster general; farmer of the bye and cross road letters $ surveyors of the post office; and letters and packets sent from any of the said offices, signed by them on the outside, and the whole supericription of then* writing t and letters and packets from the treasury, admiralty office, office of the fecre-r taries of state, plantation office, war office, general post office at London, chief offices Edinburgh, Dublin, and America, indorsed for the King's service, and sealed with the leal of office, or of the principal officer in the department.

rant general, or other chief governor or

fovemors of reland; or their chief secretary, or secretary for

Commissioners IJ. And, for more effectually preventing $11 such frauds and pfthetreafu. ^bufes as might otherwise be praAifed under colour of theal-raltyf the fe- lowance hereby granted and continued, of fending letters and cretaries of packets from the several offices and officers herein before men-state, commis- tioned free from the duty of postage; be it further enacted by°dCrS t*ie authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the plantations, l°rd ^gb treasurer, or of of the treasury, the lord secretary at* high admiral, or of of the admiralty, his Majesty's war, postma- principal secretaries of state, the commissioners for trade aftd ter g?nral* plantations, his Majesty's secretary at war, his Majesty's post-ties, impower- mader* general, and the deputies of the postmaster general*here-r ed to authorn before mentioned, all for the time being, 'to authorize and rize certain direct certain persons in each of their offices or departments re-peirfons in speAively, a list of whose names shall be from time to time trans-

office*r of C" by the principal officer or officers authorizing the same,

whom*lifts to to the general post office in London, to make and subscribe an in-tmnsmitted dorfement upon each lett# pr packet whicfi shall concern the to the general f*public

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 24. 71

!niblick business of their respective offices, signifying that such post office, etter or packet is. upon his Majesty's service, and to seal the London, toin-fame with the seal of such office or officer respectively; all which dorfc tJje lct- persons are hereby strictly forbid so to indorse and seal any let- the

ter or packet whatsoever, unless such only concerning which King's forvice* they shall receive the special direction of their superior officer, and seal the or which they shall themselves know to concern the business of fan" the their respective offices; and if any person employed in any of the soneto said offices, shall knowingly make and subscribe such indorse- t* f0 indor-cnent, or procure the same to be made upon any letter or packet fed and sealed, which does not really concern the business of the office in re- but by direc-spect of which he is authorized to make the same, he shall, for fuT-Hor of the first offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be fiCcr, or which recovered and applied in such manner as, by the act of the ninth concerns the year of the reign of Queen Anne for establishing a general post business of the office, is directed, with respect to the penalties inflicted by the ce, OIl j laid aft; and for the second offence, shall be dismissed from his for the Office. offence, to be recovered and applied as by act9 Anns is directed, and for the second offence, the offender to be dismissed

III. Provided always, That the number of persons so to be Persons ap-appointed, in each of the offices above mentioned, to make and pointed to subscribe such indorsement as aforesaid, shall not exceed two in m*

any one office or department* except only in the admiralty office^ct0 exc9^. and the war office 5 and that the number so to be appointed in % in any of the admiralty office shall not exceed eight in time of peace, or fice, admiralty twelve in time of war; and that the number so to be ap- dwarof-pointed in the war office shall not exceed fix in time of peace, win^he Id! or ten in time of war. mindty not to

exceed 8 in time of peace, and 12 in tinpe of war $ and in the war office, not to exceed 6 in time of peace, and 10 in time of war.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority where any aforesaid, That in case any person intitled to lend letters or privilegedper-packets free of the duty of portage, being, by bodily infirmity, f°n> disabled disableri from writing the whole /uperfeription of such letters or [j, e^hde/u-packets, shall chuse to authorize and appoint some one person, perfoription, " on his behalf, and in his stead, to sign his name upon, and write shall authorize the superscription of, such letters and packets, and shall cause some person to notice thereof in writing, under his hand and seal, to be trans- 1J^ame mitted to his Majesty's postmaster general, all letters and pack- write* the fuels, so signed and faperscribed by rite person so authorized and perfoription, appointed, shall be allowed to piafs free of the duty of portage, and give no-and shall in all respects, be proceeded with, as if the whole fu-perfeription had been of the hand writing of the person by handandfeal whom such authority was given as aforesaid. to the port-

master general, letters and packets so signed and faperscribed, shall go free.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Printed votes nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of postage, any printed votes, or proceedings in parliament, or mfnt^a^d printed news papers, 'being sent without covers, or in covers newspapers, open at the fides, which shall be signed, on the outside thereof, sent without

v a by cover, »or, n

*covers open at

the (ides, and signed on the outside by a member, or directed to a member, ac

Clerks in the offices of the Secretaries of state andpost office, being duly licensed, may continue to frank the

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 4: [1764.

by the hand of any member of parliament, in such manner as hath been heretofore practised, or which shall be directed to any member of parliament, at any place whereof he shall have given, notice in writing to the postmaster general, or to his deputy at Edinburgh or Dublin respectively, but that all such votes, pro — wording to no- ceedings, and news papers, so lent and signed or directed as a-him to the*foresaid, shall be received free of the duty of portage; anything postmaster ge- in this or any former adV to the contrary notwithstanding. neraJ, or liS deputy at Edinburgh or Dublin, are to go free.

VI. And forasmuch as it hath been usual for the clerks in the offices of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, and also for certain officers in the office of his Majesty's postmaster general, to frank printed votes, and proceedings in parliament, and printed news papers, to be sent by the port; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such clerks and officers as aforesaid, being the reunto ceedingsm° ^conkd by his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or his parliament, Majesty's postmaster general respectively, to continue to frank and news pa- such printed votes, and proceedings in parliament, and printed pers, as here- news papers, in such manner as they have heretofore been ac-in!? the same cu^otne<^ to frank the same; provided that such printed votes, without co- proceedings, and news papers, shall be sent without covers, or yrrs, or in co- in covers open at the (ides, vers open at the fides.

Postmastere-

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, neral, and of- hat it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's postmaster ge-ncers under neral, or any of the officers employed under him, to examine him, may and search any packet sent without a cover, or in a cover open packet sent* t*ie ^es'n or^er to discover whether any other paper or without a co- thing whatsoever be inclosed or concealed in or with such print-ver, or in a ed paper, as is hereby permitted to be sent free of portage with-cov«ropenat out a cover, or in a cover open at the fides; and in case any and iftbev paper or thing whatsoever shall be found to be in-

wall find any dosed or concealed in or with such printed paper as aforesaid, other paper or or in case there shall be any writing, other than the superferip-thing inclosed tien upon such printed paper, or upon the cover thereof, the thCrC*(h ?ibe ^hole of stich packet shall be charged with the duty of portage, Jny^writing, according to the rates established by the several acts of parlia- other than the ment now in force for that purpose.

superscription upon the printed paper, or cover, the whole of such packet is to be charged with the postage.

jf rfon

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, shall, after i That if any person shall, after the first day of June, one thou-June*, 1764, sand seven hundred and sixty four, counterfeit the hand writing counterfeit the of 2ny person whatsoever, in the superscription of any letter or ^(bn^in^he y packet to be sent by the post, in order to avoid the payment of Ibperfcr?ption. duty of postage, every person, so offending, shall be deemed of any letter guilty of felony, and shall be transported for seven years, or packet, to avoid the postage, he shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and be transported for 7 years.

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 25* 7 j

CAP. XXV.

An act for establishing an agreement with the governor ani company of the bank of England, for raising certain sums of money towards the supply for the service of the year* one thousand seven hundred and sixty four\ and for more effectually preventing the forging powers to transfer such flocks or receive such dividends or annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the owners thereof.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the seventh Preamble, re.

year of the reign of her fate majesty, Sheen Anne, intituled, 9ltin3 c]ause* An act for enlarging the capital stock of me bank of England) inatt7 Ann*, and for raising a further supply to her Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and nine; it was declared and enacted, That the governor and company of the bant of England, and their successorsfor every Should continue and be one body corporate and politic) and Should for ever have) receive, and enjoy, the entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned) out of certain rates and duties of excise therein described, and such abilities, capacities) powers9authorities) franchiseS) exemptions) privileges^ profits) and advantages, as are therein express'ed) subject never theless to a power and condition of redemption in that act contained in that behalf; and it whs thereby provided and enacted, That at any time) upon twelve months notice, after the first day of August which Should be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty two, and not before) and upon repayment by parliament to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, of the several sums amounting to one million six hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned, without any deduction, discount) or abatement whatsoever) to be made out of the said sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their successors) of all arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which Should be owing unto them upon all such tallies) Exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their successors, Should have remaining in their hands) or be intitled to, at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid (such funds for redemption whereof other provision was made in the same act) only excepted) then, and in such case, and not till then the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Should cease and determine, as by the said act (relation being the reunto had) may more plainly appear: and whereas by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of her said late Majesty's reign, (intituled An act to it Annas, raile twelve hundred thousand pounds for public uses, by circulating a further sum in Exchequer bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise five hundred thousand pounds on the revenues appointed for uses of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of such debts^ and arrears owing

74 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1764.

to her servants, tradefmeo, and others, as are therein mentioned) the before recited proviso or condition, for determining the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, upon twelve months no* tice after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and thirty two, upon such payments as aforesaid, was thereby repealed and made void j and it was thereby provided and enabled, That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first day of August, which Jlmld be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty two, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuc-cejforsj of the said sum of sixteen hundred thousand pounds, without any deduction, discount, or abatement whatsoever, and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their successors, of all arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interefi money, which Should be owing to them upon all fetch tallies, Exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their successors, Should have remaining in their hands, or be intitled to, at the time of feuch notice to be given / as aforesaid (such funds for redemption whereof other provifeon is made in the said former acts, or any of them, or in the said recited act, always excepted) then, and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Should cease and de- termine: and it xs also further provided and enabled. That from and

ef ter such redemption of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and from and after redemption Should be made by parliament of the annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one-, founds, thirteen JbilUngs, and five pence, by the said recited act, of the seventh year of her said late Majesty's reign, settled and payable to the said governor and company, in the manner therein mentioned, and from and after redemption Should likewise be made of the fund established by the said recited act, in relation to the Exchequer bills therein mentioned, then, and not till then, the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank a/* England Should cease and determine; but till then the said governor and company Should continue a corporation, and Should have and enjoy all the powers and privileges they were intitled to, as by the same act (relation being the reunto had\ may more fully appear: and whereas by an act of parliament made iri >5 Geo. II. the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second (intituled An act for establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two) the said governor and company, and their feuccessors, were directed to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's use, the full sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, on or before such time, and in such man* ner, and under such conditions, as in the said act are mentioned; and it was thereby declared and enacted, That the several and reflective provisocs, contained in the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her late majesty JJueen Anne, and each of themy 0/td oil other provisoes contained in any other act or acts of parliament for

deur*

17^4.] Anno quafto Georgii III. c. 2gl

determining the 'find fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum,

and the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank ^fEngland, upon the respective notices and payments in the fomerefptHrue acts mentioned, Should be, and were thereby repealed and made-void; and the said governor and company of the England, enlarged at.

afarefatd, and their fuctejjors for everemain, continue, and be* me body corporate and politic, by the name and Should

for ever have, receive, and enjoy» the said entire yearly fund of one.

hundred thousand pounds, out of the said rates and duties of,

together with a perpetual succession, and privilege of,

as therein after was mentioned, and all other capacities,

powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, ami.

advantages whatsoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the find were infilled'

by the said a8s of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late majesty fputen Anne, or either of thorn, or by any ether alt

or acts of parliament, grants or chartewhatsoever, then inf era; all which were by the said all ratified and confirmed to the find governor and company, and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the said provisoes and conditions of redemption thereby repealed* or intended to bt repealed, as aforesaid, and all other provisoes, acts, matters, and things, whatsoever, theretofore had, niadej done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, 'or making void, the said corporation, or yearly fun4 of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exchfive banking, and their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, »pro-

fits, and advantages, or any of them subject nevertheless to fetch re-JlriCiions, rules, and directions, and other agreements,

matters, and dungs, as in the feidacts and charters, or any of them

then in forte, were contained or prefaribed, and also power and condition ofredemption thoreafterin the feud all. contained

in that behalf-, and it was thereby also provided and That at

any time, upon twelve months notice, after the day of August, which Should be in the year of our Lord ont Jftvtn hundred and sixty four, and not before, and upon the re-payment bp parliament to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their fiicufjors, as well of the said of one tmUiois six hundred

thousand pounds formerly advancedi of the sum of one million Jin

hundred thousand pounds before mentioned then to bt advanced, a-meunting, in the whole, to the sum of three thousand pounds, without any deduction, or abatement soever, to bt made out of the said sum of thru millions two hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their fuccejof all tht arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and fit. the principal and interest money which Should bt, owing unto them upon all such fair lies. Exchequer orders. Exchequer bills, or parliamentary, which the find governor and company, or Should have

remaining in their hands, or be intitled to, at the time notice

to be given as aforesaid (feuch funds for redemption whereof other pro-

pifion was made in and by the acts of parliament tbtrein,

always

76; Anna quarto Georgii III. c. f 1764.

alway s and only excepted) then, in such case, and not till then, the J'aid yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Jbmld cease and determine: and whereas the said governor and company of the bank of England are willing and contented to advance, towards the suppfy granted to your Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, the sum of one million, on Exchequer bills hearing interest at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, the said interest to be paid quarterly, and the said Exchequer bills to be charged upon, and repaid out of the first aids or supplies which shall be granted by parliament for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and in case sufficient aids or supplies shall not be granted for that purpose before the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the same to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the sinking fund$ and also to pay into his Majesty's Exchequer, towards the said supply, the sum of one hundred and ten thousand pounds, without any repayment of the principal, or allowance of interest for the same, provided that the privilege of exclusive banking, and all other the abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, in this or any former act contained, be granted and confirmed to the said governor and company, in such manner as is herein after mentioned: now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise, with as much ease and advantage as possible to your subjects, the necessary supplies, and to encourage the said governor and company to advance the dud sums of one million, and of one hundred and ten thousand pounds, in the manner herein after appointed, do snoft humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may berenacted; and be it enacted by the King's tnoft Commission- excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the ers of thetreaw |OKjg spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-edTat'any*lament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it. time before shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Ma-

5 Jan. 1765, to jfty*s treasury now or for the time being, or any threeor more direct Exche- 0q or rhc high treasurer for the time being, at any time

made out for or times before the fifth day of January, one thousand seven any sum not hundred and sixty five, to cauie or direct any number of Ex-exceeding chequer bills to be made out for any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million, in the same or as is prTfcrib- manner, form, and order, and according to the same or ed by the malt like rules and directions, as in and by an act of this present fefft of this fef- fion of parliament (intituled An act for continuing and granting Aon, concern-to fa Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for bifis the-cSy^ y£ar one thousand seven hundred and sixty four) are

authorized to enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer bills to be be made out. made in pursuance of the said act.

Clauses, &c.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatn the ljd^all and every the clauses, provides, powers, privileges, advan* the^xchequer tages* penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the bills to be4 said last mentioned act, relating to the Exchequer bills autho-s made in pur- rized to be made by the same act (except such clauses as do

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 77

charge the tune on the taxes granted by the lame aft, and such fiwnce^clauses as limit or relate to the ascertaining the rate of interest a<a#.to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except as herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been originally authorized by the said fart mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Bill* to carry

That the said Exchequer bills shall bear an interest after tht per cent, rate of three pounds per centum per annum. wterett.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Exchequer rity aforesaid, That no Exchequer bill or bills to be made out bills (o issued; by virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been not to be ten-lliued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the dc.r <?r refifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, !re- ment of any* wived or taken, or pass or be current to any receiver or collector of the publick in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, taxes, beforesaid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, 5 April, 1766* or successors, or at the receipt of the Exchequer, from any such

receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwise, or on any other account, than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the same unlei* the shall be in due course or order of payment, before the said fifth same be in day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; nor shall C0UI*e any such receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, for any money 01 such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any Exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector, for neglecting ot refuting to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money before the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven Hundred and sixty six; any thing in the said act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting tq his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fer- '

vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The feid Mitt all such Exchequer bills, together with the interest and charges 10* WP incident to or attending the same, shall be and art hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by (ha^b^ grantor out of, the first aids or supplies which shall be granted by edforthcyeju*' parliament for the service of the year one thousand seven hun-7* i dred and sixty six; and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall not be granted before the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, then all the said Exchequer bills, with the interest and charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon

7$ Anno quarto Georgii III. 0, 25; [1764.

such monies as, at any time or times at or ifter the said fifth day ontof A April, shall be or remain in the receipt of the Exchequer, of fok^ftindt the surplusses, excesses^ overplus monies, and other revenues, if no Applies composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except be granted be-such monies of the said sinking fund as shall then be appror-fore 5 April of priated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parlia- year* ment in that behalf) and such monies or the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying ofl^ cancelling, and discharging, such Exchequer bills, interest, and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on demand to the r&-spective proprietors thereof.

Montes IHbed

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-for that pur- fa*1€^ Xhat whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said EhkingVundT surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, or other revenues com-lo be replaced posing the sinking fund, shall from time to time be replaced out of the first by and opt of the first supplies to be then after granted in par-supplies after. lament j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-«^Handing.

Bank to ex-.VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore*-change for said. That the said governor and company of the bank of Eng- monqr and their successors, shall and are hereby required to ex-WHs^ifball c^ange for ready money, from time to time, all such of the said be tendered Exchequer bills as shall, at any time or times before the said them before fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, be A*tented or produced to them, or their cashier or caftiiers, for Aefoterest t*lat PurP°k> by any person or persons; and shall pay or cause due thereup- he paid to such person or persons, in ready money, the sum on$ for which every such bill, so tendered or produced, was issued,

together with the interest, after the said rate of three pounds per centum per annum, which shall be then due thereupon; and shall exchange, in manner as aforesaid, such of the said bills as shall have been, from time to time, paid away or circulated by or on the behalf of the fiud governor and company, or their and no allow- successors, and shall before the said fifth day of April, one thousand ance is to be seven hundred and sixty six, be tendered or produced as afore-

bank to thea, cJ' as °^cn a8 ^uch ^alliaPPen*and the said governor and company, or their successors, pr their agents orlervants, shall not be mtitled to or receive any premium, rate, or allowance whatsoever, for or in respect of the exchanging or circulating the said Exchequer bills; any thing herein, or in any other act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bank refusing

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

JP discharge That in case the said governor and company of the bank of lucn mils, England, or their successors, or their cashier or caftiiers, shall neglect or refuse to exchange any such Exchequer bill or bills for ready money as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, upon demand thereof made at their chief'office within the city of London^ for the fpscc of twenty four

nours,

79

1.764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 2£.

hoars, then the person or persons demanding the lame, or the person or persons for and on whose behalf such demand shall be made, shall and may recover such money to his, her, or their the money own use, by action of debt or upon the case, bill, suit, or infbr- ree*f

mation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at, thecouitTat

wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall wdbmofta, be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which action, bill, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said governor and company, or their successors, are indebted to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the money demanded upon the said bill or bills, according to the form of this (iatute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and the plaintiff, or plaintiffs in such action, bill, suit, or information, shall recover against the said governor and company, and their successors, not only the money so neglected or refused to be paid, but also with damages, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, after the rate on such money, together with mil costs of fuitj and the said ofj- P«r governor and company, and their successors, and their said dock and funds, shall be, and are hereby ipade subject and liable there* unto.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, clauses in the That the clauses, powers, and provisions, in the said act, made malt act of in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for ton- f<dEon re.

tinuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon matt, mum,

cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven Exchequer hundred and sixty four, relating to such person or persons, body bins, or bodies politick or corporate, as Should contract by virtue of that ad with the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, for the circulating and exchanging for ready money the Exchequer bills by the said act authorized to be ifiiied (except the dause for altering the rate of interest, and such other parts as are varied by this act) shall extend to and operate with respect to the said govern, extended to or and company of the bank of England, and their successors, in retation to the Exchequer bills to be made out, exchanged, and circulated, by virtue of this act, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if a contract in writing had been made for that purpose in the manner prescribed by the said act, and as if the said clauses, powers, and provisions, were herein spedally re-enacted, and applied to the purposes of this

ad.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tQ,

That the said governor and company of the bank of, intotheExcho-

and their successors, shall advance and pay into the receipt of quer no.ooool. his Majesty's Exchequer, for his Majesty's use, the full sum of by*j April* one hundred and ten thousand pounds, on or before the twenty 1?(+' third day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four;

and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, shall not be intitled to any repayment of the principal, or allowance of any interest for or in respect of and no repay, aii or any part of the said sum of one hundred and ten thousand me"t be.

pounds}ra4de*Ptm*

go Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1764.

cipalorinterest pounds; and in case the said governor and company of the for the same, bank of England, or their successors, shall make failure in the Bank making fod payment lb by this act appointed to be made into his Ma-money mai be Exchequer as aforesaid, the said sum of one hundred and recovered m tcn thousand pounds, or any part thereof, remaining unpaid, af-apy of the ter the said twenty third day of April one thousand seven hun-courtsatWeft- dred and sixty four, shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's minster; use by a(cyon Of fob^ or upon the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance: in which action, bill, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said governor and company, or their successors, are indebted to his Majesty the money or which they shall have made default in payment according to the form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such action, bill, suit, or information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's use against the said governor and company of the said with damages bank England, or their successors, damages after the rate of

after the rate twelve pounds per centum for the money so unpaid contrary to of ixl. per this act, together with full colls of suit; and the said governor cent, and full ancj company and their successors, and their said (lock and funds, cott8# shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

In confident-

XI. And for the encouragement of the said governor and tien of the company of the bank of England, and their successors, to exbanks com- change and circulate the said Exchequer bills, in the manner L^premifres, an<* «u"ng the time herein before mentioned, and to pay into*the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer the said sum of one hundred and ten thousand pounds on or before the day above limited; and to the end the said governor and company, and their successors, may have a competent recompence and consideration for so doing; it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority Part of the aforesaid, That such part of the said recited provision contained provision in in the said act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late the recited act majesty King George the Second, as relates to the determining relatine^o the the fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and determining the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank their fund, &c. of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned,* repealed* shall be, and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the said continued^ governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc-body corpo- ceflors for ever, shall remain, continue, and be, one body corporate, &c. with rate and politick, by the name aforesaid, and shall for ever have, Jdlth^r f?r- receive, and enjoy, the said intire yearly fund of one hundred wivUeges, 1 and thousand pounds out of the said rates and duties of excise, to-advantages. gather with a perpetual succession, and privilege of exclusive banking, as herein after is mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages whatsoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England are, or, before the making of this act, were intitled, by the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late majesty

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 2$; ll

Queen Anne, and the said acct of the fifteenth year of the reigrt of his late majesty King George the Second, or any of them, or by any other act or acts of parliament, grants or charters whatsoever now in force; all which are by this act ratified and confirmed to the said governor and company, and their successors, freed and dischargeu of and from the said proviso and condition* of redemption hereby repealed or intended to be repealed as aforesaid, and all other provisoes, powers, acts, matters, and things whatsoever, heretofore Had, made, done, or committed* for redeeming* determining, or making void, the said corporation or yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exclusive banking, and all other their abilities* capacities* powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions* privileges, profits, and advantages, or any of thetn; subject nevertheless to such restrictions* rules, and directions, and also to such other agreements, matters* and things, as in the said acts and charters* or any of them now in force, are contained or prescribed, and also subject to the power and condition of redemption hereafter in this act contained in this behalf.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at any time, upon twelve months no- Clause dfr£ tice after the first day of August, which shall be in the year of A

pur Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, and not ionics ad-'before, and upon repayment by parliament to the said governor vanced by th* and company of the bank of England, or their successors, of the bank on the said sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds ad- parliamemary vanced by virtue of the said in part recited acts, without any deduction, discount, or abatement whatsoever, to be made out recited acts, of the said sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, &c. on the or any part thereof* and upon payment to the said governor and ternJ? company, and their successors, of all the arrears of the said one here menfioiw hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and C(j# interest money which shall be owing unto them upon all such' tallies. Exchequer orders, Exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their successors*

shall have remaining in their hands, or be intitled to, at the timtf of such notice to be given as aforesaid*such funds, for redemp* lion whereof other provision is made in and by one act of parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, intituled An act to enable the South Sea && aGco.ii, company to dispose of the effects in their hands by way of lottery, or subscription, or to fell part of their fund or annuity payable at the Exchequer, in order to pay the debts of the said company, and for, relief of fub who were intended to have the benefit of a late aft touching payment of ten per centum therein mentioned; and in and by one other act of parliament made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act t Geo'. 11) for granting an aid to his Majesty by sale of annuities to the bank of England, at four pounds per centum, redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm; and for further applying ihe produce of the sinking fundand for enlarging the \ time for ex-Vqi*. IpCVI. G thong*

far Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 07^.

Changing Ncris and Saint Christophers debentures for annuities at three per centum; and for applying the arrears of his late Majesty's civil lijl revenues; and by one other act of parliament, made in r.the second year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled,

oeo. I. in rajjing tfje sum of we two hundred and fifty

thousand pounds, by sale of annuities to the bank of England, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament-, and for applying the produce of the sinking fund; and by Aft19 Geo. il. one other act of parliament made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for cancelling certain Exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned, and for obliging them to advance the sum of one million upon the credit of the land tax and malt duties granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; always and only excepted, then, and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds shall cease and determine.

Privilege of

XIII. And, to prevent any doubts that may arise concerning exclusive the privilege or power given by former acts of parliament to the

banking said governor and company or exclusive banking, and also in re-

fan'k bylbr*g3*to^erecting any other bank or banks by parliament, or mer acts, con- redrawing other persons from banking during the continuance firmedtothem; of the said privilege granted to the governor and company of the bank of England as before recited, it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That it is the true intent and meaning of this act, that no other bank shall be erected, established, or allowed by parliament; and that it shall not be lawful for any body politic or corporate whatsoever erected or to be erected, or for any other persons united or to be united in covenants or partnerftup, exceeding the number of fix persons, in that part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, we, or take up, any sum or sums of money, on their bills or notes payable at demand, or at any less time than six months from die borrowing thereof, during the continuance of such said privilege to the said governor and company, who are hereby declared to be and remain a corporation, with the privilege of ex-ftihfeft to the elusive banking as before recited, subject to redemption on the imptbnbe- and conditions before-mentioned5 that is to say, on one fermention-- Tear>s rtotiee a^tcr the first day of August, one thousand seven ed» hundred and eighty fix, and repayment of the three millions

two hundred thousand pounds, and all arrears of the one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and inter* eft money that shall be owing them on all such tallies. Exchequer orders, Exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds (such fund9 as are before mentioned only and always excepted) which the x said governor and company, or their successors, shall have re* maining in their hands, or be intitled to, at the time of such. notice to be given as aforesaid, and not otherwise; any thing in this act, or any former act or a$$ gf parliament, to the contrary in any wif? notwithstanding,

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 25.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted and declared by the au- Vote of the thority aforesaid, That any vote or resolution of the house of house of cora-commons, signified by the speaker of the said house in writing, JJ101}8 (jg^fod and delivered at the publick office of the said governor and com- <jeOTe<f fuf* pany, or their successors, shall be deemed and adjudged to be fident notice, a sufficient notice, within the words or meaning of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas it is necessary that provision Should be made for more effectually preventing the forging powers to transfer any such (lock, or to receive such dividends or annuities* as are herein after mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the owners thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever, from and after Penalty t>f-the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, forging power shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counter- to transfer any fcited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any letter of attorney, or other authority or in- viHcnds^/an-strument, to transfer, assign, fell, or cortvey, any share or shares, nuitie$ there-or any part of any share or shares, of and in any capital stock on; or the or flocks of any body or bodies politic or corporate, which now frerfoifatinff are, or hereafter shall be, established by any act or acts of par- foe owners li ament; or any share or shares, or any part of any share or thereof j shares, of and in any annuities in respect whereof the proprietors of such annuities have or shall have transferrable shares in any capital stock or flocks now established, or which shall hereafter be established by any act or acts of parliament, in proportion to their respective annuities; or any share or shares, or any part of any share or shares, of or in any other transferrable annuities which now are, or hereafter shall be, established by any act or acts of parliament; or to receive any such annuity or annuities, or any dividend or dividends attending such shares, or any of them, or any part thereof; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any the name or names of any the proprietors of any Ibch share or (nares in flock, or of any the persons intitled to any such annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended letter of attorney, instrument, or authority; or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have, any such share Or shares in flock or annuities, or any part thereof, transferred, assigned, fold, or conveyed, or such annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged letter of attorney, authority, or instrument; or shall falsly and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietor of the said shares in flock, annuities, and dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, and thereby transferring, or endeavouring to transfer, the flock or annuities, or receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the money of such true and lawful proprietor, as if such offender were the true^nd lawful owner thereof; then, and in every or any such case, all is felany^fth-and every such person and persons (being thereof lawfully con- out benefit of, \ - G % " vi<sted ricigy.

t4 Anno quarto Georgii III. csi6. [1764.

- victed m due form of law) shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy. BuVack act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of by all judges, justices, or other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same,

CAP. XXVI.

An act for granting a bounty upon the importation of hempj and rough and undressed flax, from his Majestfs colonies in America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the encouragement of the importation of hemp, and rough and undressed fiax^ from his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, will be a means of fumifbtng this kingdom tenth sail cloth and cordage (so eJfentially necessary for the supply of his Majesty's royal navy, as well as for ships employed in the merchants service) at more reasonable rates than at present, and will also tend to make the supply of the said materials cheaper and less precarious» and be a means of employing and enriching his Majesty's subject within the said colonies and plantations: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-Bounty allow- rity of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day ofd upon the Jutie^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, every person importation of or persons who shall, within the time appointed by this act, rough*and un- ^mPort or cause to be imported into this kingdom, directly from dressed flax, any of his Majesty's English colonies or plantations in America, from the Bri- in any ship or ships that may lawfully trade to his Majesty's tish American plantations, manned as by law is required, any hemp, water p antations, rotted, bright, and dean, or any rough and undressed flax, shall have and enjoy as a reward or premium far such importation*the following sum \ that is to say.

viz. Si. per For every ton of such hemp, or rough or undressed flax, so ton for all imported from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand imported be- seven hundred and sixty four, to the twenty fourth day of June,764"and one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, the sum of eight June) r77i j pounds sterling.

I. per ton For every ton of such hemp, or rough or undressed flax, so

for all import- imported from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand ed between seven hundred and seventy one, to the twenty fourth day of 24 June, 1771, Jane, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, the sum an<U+Ju*e, ^flx pounds sterling.

and .1 per Aiid for every ton of such hemp, or rough or undressed flax, ton for all imported from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand imported be. seven hundred and seventy eight, to the twenty fourth day of tween 14 June, June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, the sum of sterling.

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 26. 9$

To be paid upon demand to the importer of such hemp or flax, by \>y the collector of the port where the same shall be imported, the collector out of the customs: and in case the collector of the port where at the port of the same shall be imported, shall not have money sufficient in 1

his hands, he is hereby required to certify the same to the com- ^amos mo-nissioners of the customs, who shall cause the same to be paid ney, then by "by the receiver general of his Majesty's cultoms; the bounty of the receiver the hemp and flax imported into England, to be paid by the receiver general of the customs in England, and of that imported into Scotland, to be paid by the receiver general there.

II. And to the end a particular benefit may accrue hereby to his Majesty's royal navy, and for the better supply of the same with naval (lores, be it further enacted, That upon the importation of any such hemp or rough and undressed flax from his Majesty's said colonies and plantations, for which a reward or premium is hereby granted, the pre-emption or refusal of such hemp or flax shall be offered and tendered to the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, upon landing the same; and if within the term of twenty days after such tender the said of shall not contract or bargain for the same, it shall and may^be lawful for the importer or importers, owner or owners, of er Vat liberty the said hemp or flax, otherwise to dispose of the same for his or to dispose of it their best profit and advantage. othermfe.

III. And, in order to intitle the importer of such hemp and flax to the premium granted by this act, and to prevent frauds by importing: foreign hemp and flax, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons im- Certificate* to porting any such hemp or flax into Great Britain, shall produce h« produced to the chief officer or officers of the customs a certificate or cer- rtluton of

tificates under the hand and seal of the governor, lieutenant go- hcmlp or

Vernor, collector of his Majesty's customs, and naval officer, or flax being the any two of them, residing and being within any of his Majesty's growth and colonies and plantations, that before the departure of such ship thi

or vessel, ships or vessels, the person or persons, merchant, trader, ^or factor, loading the same, had made oath before them, that the said hemp or flax so shipped on board (expressing in the said certificate, the number, marks, and packages of such hemp and flax) were truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of his Majesty's said colonies and plantations; which oath the said go- Oaths Vernor, lieutenant governor, collector of his Majesty's customs, ^p^That oc-and naval officer, or any two of them are hereby authorized to casion. administer; as likewise upon oath to be made in any port of Great Britain, by the master or masters of such ship or vessel, ships or vessels, importing such hemp and flax, that the same were truly laden on board such ship or vessel, ships or vessels, within some of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, and that he or they know or believe that the said hemp and flax were the produce of the said colonies or plantations.

IV. And, that the officers of the customs may be the better able to discover any frauds intended for receiving the aforesaid premium) be it forther ensued by the authority aforesaid, That

p 3

general or rue customs.

'Hie pre-emption or refusal of such hemp or flax to be tendered to the of of the navy; if they shall not contract for the same within 20 days, import*

86 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. a6. [1764.

Officers of the 5* shall and may be lawful for the said officers, and they are customs to hereby required before they make out any such certificate, to examine whe- examine the said hemp and flax, by opening each package, and hemp and flax (hifting the same, in such manner as to fee the whole contents* is good and or by such other means as they shall think proper, to find out merchantable, and discover whether the said hemp is water rotted, bright, and clean, and the said flax is good and merchantable, and free from, any false mixture.

In case of^Provided always, That in case any doubt or dilpute shall doubt about arise between the surveyors or officers or the customs, and the the quality of owners or importers of such hemp or flax as is imported into such as shall be the port of London, as to the quality of the same, it shall and London int° may bwful for^of of his Majesty's customs Commissioners to call two or more merchants, manufacturers, 'or others well of the customs (killed in the commodity, who shall declare upon oath, if requir-maY callin ed, their opinion, as to the quality of the same, and according Mrfcmi 1who to*beir judgment determine whether the said hemp (halt give their or flax i* in titled to the premium hereby granted, os not: and opinion upon if any doubt or ddpute shall arise as to the quality of any hemp oath > or flax imported into any of the out ports in England, samples

doubtsTn the t^erco^ shall be taken, and sent up to the of of the out ports, customs in London; and into the out ports in Scotland, to the samples to be of of the customs at Edinburgh; in such manner as sent up to the respective of shall direct, in order to beinfpeded

Edtobureh, 81x1 theres before mentioned,

to be inl'petted and adjudged there. f

Officmtotake And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

no fee for do- That no fee, gratuity, or reward, shall be demanded, taken, or ing theirduty, received, by any officer of his Majesty's customs, for examining, viewing, or delivering such hemp or flax, with respect to the on penalty of premium or reward allowed by this act; or for the signing any being incapa- of the certificates in order to the receiving stich premium of citated, and reward, or for paying the same; and any such officer demanding 01 ei gxooi. or ta|cing such fee or reward, shall, for such offence, forfeit his office, and such officer shall also be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

Premium al-

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lowed on the That if any such hemp or flax of the growth of the British cor S °on*es or plantations in America, shall, after the twenty fourth

the exporta- day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, be ex-tien thereof; ported from Great Britain; that then, and in every such case, the person or persons so exporting the same shall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the collector of the customs at the port where the same shall be exported, or to the chief officer of the* rcustoms there, the full sum which is by tins ac allowed as a premium on all such hemp or flax as he intends to export, over and above any duty the same is now by law subject to pay at exportation by any act.

VIII. Providea always, Th*t the said collector or chief officer

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 26. $7

jcex of the customs, upon receiving of such premium from the and officer to exporter of such hemp or flax as aforesaid, charge himself with the money so received, or with the said premium; and the com- or

missioners of his Majesty's customs are to take particular care and the com-that the same be duly brought to the account of his Majesty, by missionen to such collector or chief officer as aforesaid. [ee tbf fuBe

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, account. l°.That if any person or persons, their agents, or assigns, shall be.found fraudulently to export such hemp or flax without paying

such premium to the collector or chief officer of the customs in shall be frau-manner aforefipd, such person or persons shall forfeit and lose all dulently ex-such hemp and flax, and double the value thereof; one moiety ported r whereof dull be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or prosecutor; to forfeited, with be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wefi- double value. mmfler, or in' the court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no cflbin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

X. Provided always, That if any doubt or dispute shall arise, In^whether any of the hemp or flax, or any part thereof so to be doubt with exported, are of the growth, product, or manufacture, of his respect to the Majesty's plantations in America, or of foreign growth, product, Place of

or manufacture, the Onus prtbandi shall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer or prosecutor; any law, to be export-custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. ed, proof to

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lie on the That if the matter or owner of any ship or vessel dull clandef- receiv-finely import, or receive in such ship or vessel to be imported,; n,

into Great Britain, any hemp or flax, knowing the same to be hemp or lax foreign hemp or flax, and shall demand or receive for any such on board, and foreign hemp or flax the reward or premium hereby granted, demanding, such matter or owner shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, nrium^forftfts to be sued for and recovered in manner as aforesaid j and the ship tool, mid the or vessel in which such foreign hemp or flax shall be-so fcaudu- vessel lently imported, with all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, dull be forfeited to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several directions and provinons in this act shall comment and mence and take effect from and after the twenty fourth day of continuance June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and shall con- of this act. tinue and be in force, from the said twenty fourth day of June, for the term of twenty one years, and no longer.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 27. [1764.

CAP. XXVII.

4* for grantings for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his Majestfs provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any part of America to the south-ward of the said provinces, subject to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation1of rice from the said colonies? to places in Europe situate to the southward of Cape Finesterre.

preamble, rc-

adaufes

3 & 4 Annr,

Car. n.

t5 Car. Q. j Geo. II.

Geo. II.

WHEREAS by an all made in the third and fourth years of the reign of her late majesty §>ueen Anne, intituled An act for granting to her Majesty a further subsidy on wines and merchandizes imported, all rice of the growth or production of the# Englishplantations in America, ' Asia, or Africa, is obliged to be imported into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or to same Other of the said plantations, under fiuh facurities and penalties as other enumerated goods or commodities of the growth) production, or manufacture, of the said plantations) are subject to, by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled An act for encouraging and encreasing of shipping and navigation, or by another all made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the said late King) intituled An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafiland trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade: and whereas an act was made in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for granting liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's province of Carolina in America, directly to anjr part of Europe southward of Cape Finisterre: and whereas by an all made in the eighth year of the reign of his said Majesty the liberty granted by the said act of the third year of his said Majesty was extended to his Majesty's province of Georgia in America: and whereas very great advantages have artfen from the powers given by the said acts; and there is great reafan to apprehend, that not only the produce of rice in those parts, but that alfa the exportation thereof would be greatly increased, for the mutual benefit of this kingdom and the said provinces, if, notwithstanding the laws relating to mvigation and trade to and from the plantations, liberty or licence was granted for shipy built in Great Britain, or in any of his Majesty's colonies in America, to load rice in either of the said provinces, and to carry She same directly to any part of America, to the fouthwatd of the said provinces of Carolina or Georgia, without bringing the jame first to Great Britain, as the laws now require; whereby thejame will arrive at such placesy in a seasonable condition, for the consumption thereof: for th.is end, and for providing proper securities for jrour Majesty's duties, and for preventing any prejudice or damage to this nation whidi might happen thereby, from any uh-, lawful commerce between the plantations and any other foreign countries, as to any other enumerated commodities, or otherwise, may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with tKe" advice and consent of the lords*'*4 :, 4*spiritual

x 7^4.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 27. 89

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present pariia- Act % St 4. jnent assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the A.D. wltI. laid act passed in the third and fourth years of the reign of her " L laid late Majesty, so far as the same extends to the making of of the British rice, of the growth and produce of his Majesty's plantations in American cor ^America, an enumerated commodity, shall be, and is hereby ra- l°nics an tified and confirmed, as to all persons, ships, vessels, orvplaces, commodity, in all respects whatsoever; except as to such of the said rice, as, confirmed* by the said acts of the third and eighth years of his said majesty except as to King George the Second, and by this act, are and shall be per- a* jmitted or allowed to be exported from his Majesty's provinces Geo. u/and of South Carolina and Georgia in America, by such persons, and by this act, ip such ship9 and vessels, and to such foreign countries and places, are permitted and under such entries, securities, reflections, regulations, li-° beotported iaitations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are herein after parti- i^ndGwr^ cularly described, appointed, limited, and enacted for that pur- gja, &c, pose.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Rice may be from and after thef twenty ninth aay of June, one thousand seven loaded on hundred and sixty four, it shall and may be lawful, notwith- bo^ fWos standing any of the acts aforesaid, or any other act of parliament, tQac-

for any of his Majesty's subjects, in any ship or vessel built in iaw, and be* Great Britain, or in his Majesty's colonies in America, or belong- longing to ing to any of his Majesty's subjects, and navigated according to Bmdh sub-l?w, that shall clear outwards in any part of the said provinces of South Carolina or Georgia, to ship or load rice in the said pro- Carolina and vinces, and to carry the same directly to any parts of America Georgia, and southward of South Carolina or Georgia, without carrying the carried direfr-fame to any other of his Majesty's plantations in Amertca^ or to Great Britain; the matter or other person having or taking southward of charge of such ship or vessel, before she clears outward?, first the said colo-taking a licence, under the hand of the governor of the respect

tive province for the time being, for the carrying the same from a

the said provinces respectively to some part of America southward licence* which of the said provinces, as aforesaid* which licence the said go- is to be grant-Yernors respectively are hereby authorized and required to grant, ed, upon acer-qpon a certificate from the collector or comptroller of the port b^basbeen where such licence shall be desired, certifying that bond has given, that no (been given (which bonds such collector or comptroller respect enumerated lively is hereby authorized and required to take) with one or goods shall be more sufficient security, in the sum of one thousand pounds if the ship be of less burthen than one hundred tons, and the sum 1 Of two thousand pounds if the ship shall be of that or a greater burthen, that no tobacco, sugars, cotton wool, indigo, ginger, fustick, or other dying wood, mobiles, tar, pitch, turpentine, hCmp, marts, yards, bowsprits, copper ore, beaver skins, oc other furs, of the growth, production, or manufacture, of any British plantation in America, shall be loaden or taken on board such ship or vessel at South Carolina or Georgia, or any other of.-his Majesty's plantations in America, unless it be for the necessary ^ary provil provisions of the ship in their voyage, and that such ship or (ions of the <'yeftchthipj

; y

90

and that the ve(fe1 shall return to some of the British colonies with in months. Licence to be produced at the port of arrival; and a certificate of arriva to be thereupon granted the matter; upon produce ing whereof wkhin n months, the bond is to be discharged.

Exporter to snake an entry of the rice before

shippings

and pay the half subsidy before clearance.

Coquet of such entry to be taken out, and the quantity to be shipped to be indorsed thereon, which is to be delivered to the searcher.

If the quantity be found greater than what is so in-dorfed.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 27. [1764.

veflH, after landing the said rice by virtue of such licence, shall return to the said provinces of South Carolina or Georgia, or proceed to some port in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, within the space of four calendar months from the time of clearing out of such port respectively; and that every matter or other penon taking charge of such ship or vessel, for which such licence shall be obtained for caiTying rice to any parts of America southward of the said provinces of South Carolina or Georgia, shall produce such licence to the collector or comptroi- ler, or other proper officer at such port as he shall arrive at in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America; which said collector or comptroller, or other proper officer, is and are hereby authorized and required to give to the said matter a certificate, certifying the arrival of such (nip or vessel at such port within the time herein before limited and appointed; and that in case the said certificate be produced to the collector pr comptroller of the said provinces respectively within twelve calendar months, the bond taken as aforesaid shall be cancelled and given up, otherwise such bond shall be forfeited to his Majesty, and shall and may be sued and prosecuted in any court of record in the said provinces respectively.

III. And, in order to ascertain the true quantity of rice exported from the said provinces, pursuant to such licence, and the liberty granted by this act, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That before the Xante shall be shipped or put on board, the merchant, or other person exporting the same, shall make an entry thereof in writing with the collector of his Majesty's customs, and the naval officer, and also with the comptroller (where there is such an officer) and thereupon there shall be payable to his Majesty so much as the half subsidy of the rice lb shipped in South Carolina or Georgia shall amount unto, which would have remained in case the said rice had been first imported into Great Britain, and afterwards re-exported; and the collector of the port in which such ship shall be entered to (ail, may and shall demand the full sum due for the half subsidy for au the rice mentioned iitXuch entry, which said payment shall be well and truly made to the collector of such port respectively, at or before the said ship or vessel obtains the clearance; and the merchant or other person exporting such rice shall also take out a certificate or coquet of such entry, and shall, before the rice be shipped or put on board, indorse on the back of such coquet or certificate the true quantity intended to be shipped, mentioning the marks, number, and contents of each cask; and shall deliver the coquet, so indorsed, to the searcher or other officer appointed for examining and shipping thereof; and if, upon tho weighing and examining the rice brought or intended to be shipped by virtue of such coquet or certificate, before or after the shipping thereof, the quantity shall appear to he greater than is indorsed thereon; or if any rice shall be laden or put on board any ship or vessel having liberty to trade by virtue of this all, of any hoy, lighter, bottom^ boat, or other vessel! in order to bq

1754.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 17. 91

put on beard fitch ship or vessel before such entry, or taking out1 or rice be put lech coquet, and indorsing and delivering the same as aforesaid, °n be' contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof; all such rice, j^any other* fa shipped or intended to be shipped, shall be forfeited, as also veil'd; in order the hoy, lighter, bottom, boat, or other vessel, employed in to be fraudu-shipping the lame; and the owner of such rice, or other person (Idpped^ employed in shipping the same, shall also forfeit treble the va- gSb^with" Inc thereof, to be recovered in the court of vice admiralty held vessel employ, in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or in any court of ed therein, to record in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, at the elec-tien of the informer or prosecutor; one third part thereof to be V8]^ to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, one third Recowy and part to the governor of the said prqtinces respectively, and the application of Other one third to the informer or prosecutor. f ntm«,

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,; Act to be in

That this act shall continue for five years from the twenty fourth force far 5 day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and finom^ from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.7 4*

V. And whereas great quantities of foreign molasses and (V. paps are claodeftinely run on (bore in the British colonies, to the prejudice of the revenue, and the great detriment of the trade of this kingdom, and its American plantations; to remedy which practices for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem- From and act bery one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, bond and fecu- tcr9 Sept, my, in the like penalty, shall also be given to the collector or anyenumerat-other principal officer of the customs, at any port or place in ed goods or*any of the British American colonies or plantations, with one rice shall be fcirety besides the matter of every ship or vessel that shall lade or foipppd* bond take on board there any goods particularly enumerated in the StobeSSm. find aAs, being the product or manufacture of any of the said

colonies or plantations, or rice, by virtue of the licence under this present act, with condition, that, in case any molasses or that any so-(yrups, being the produce of any of the plantations not under raol^e# the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall be boar^£iirbe laden on board such ship or vessel, the same shall (the danger ctf brought with the seas and enemies excepted) be brought, without fraud or out fraud to wilful diminution, by the said ship or vessel, to some of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or to some port in wto Great Britain; and that the matter or other person having the Great Britain; charge of such ship or vessel shall, immediately upon hit arrival of which neat any port or place in Great Britain, or in the British American*

colonies and plantations, make a just and true report of all the^goods laden on board such ship or vessel, under their true and proper denominations; and if any such non-eoumerated goods, N°o-cnume-or rice, as before-mentioned, shall be laden on board any such J^driSelSiIl ship or vessel before such bond shall be given, the goods so laden, bU>re together with the ship or vessel, and her furniture, shall be for* giving bond, feited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs, «forfeited, and prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any court of record,

H>r in any court of admiralty in the said colpnies or plantations

where

92 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 28. [1764.

where such offence shall be committed, or in arty court of vice admiralty which may or shall be appointed over all America

which court of admiralty, or vice admiralty, are hereby repetitively authorized and required to proceed, hear, and determine the same) at the election of the informer or prosecutor. Division and

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all penalties and application forfeitures so recovered there, under this or any former act of of the penaj- parliament, shall be divided, paid, and applied, as follows;* that is to say, after deducting the charges of prosecution from the gross produce thereof one third part of the nett produce shall be paid into the hands of the collector of his Majesty's customs at the port or place where such penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and Aicccffors, one third part to the governor or commander in chief of the said colony or plantation, and the other third part to the person who shall seize, inform, and sue for the same.

CAP. XXVIII.

An d£l to enable his Majesty, with the advice of his privy*council, to order the importation of provisions from Ireland, during the next recess of parliament, under certain restrictions and regulations therein mentioned.

IreamMe. 117 WHEREAS the price of provisions is at present high, and may become higher; that it greatly offers the poor people, and will tend to hurt the trade and manufactures of this kingdom, if not time-Jy prevented; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may, be'enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-his Majesty bled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may enabled with, be lawful for his Majesty, during the next recess of parliament, advice of his by an(j with the advice of his privy council, from time to time, foorde^the*to order, permit, and authorize, the free importation of salted importation of beef, salted pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland into this salt provisions kingdom, as his Majesty, in his great wisdom, shall think con-. durin^tKe* vcn*cnt an<* needful, and as the necessity of the times may re-repef&of par- qu*re> and in such manner as his Majesty shall think fit to di-liament; rest; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

and all persons

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That arc exempted all persons shall be and are hereby exempted, freed, and dif* from payment charged, from the payment of all lubfidies, customs, rates, du* frornpenal- ^es, an^ ot^er impoutions, and also from all penalties, forfeiT ties, &c. on tures, payments, and punishments, for or upon account of im account of porting or bringing such provisions from Ireland into this king* stich importa- J0m, for such time or times as his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, shall, by his royal proclamation, think fit to order, permit, and authorize, to be imported; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

17^4.] Anno quafto GeoRGn III. c.fr8. 93

III. And, to the Intent that the revenue may not be prgu- other than the diced by the importation of salted provisions from Ireland, be it Rowing du-enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to commissioneri such officer as the commissioners for the duties on salt for the time £>r the duties being shall appoint, at the port in England into which any (alt- on salt if ed beef, pork, bacon, or butter, shall, in pursuance of his Majesty's royal proclamation, be imported from Ireland as aforesaid$and before any part thereof shall be delivered out to the person or persons to whom the same shall belong or be consigned, the sum of viz*three shillings and four pence for every barrel or calk of salted beef per* barrel for or pork, to be imported during the continuance of this act, con- beef or porks tainine thirty two galions, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; and for every hundred weight of salted beef, M t called dried bee fa or dried neats tongues, or dried hogfmeat, the c/wt. for all sum of one shilling and three pence; and the sum of four pence dried beef, for every hundred weight of all such salted butter, and so in pro- neats tongues^ portion for any greater or less quantity than an hundred weight; no^meat j as or for custom, or for duty, on or in respect thereof; the mo- c° wt. so^all ney so arising by the importation of the said salted beef, pork, (kited butter j or butter, to be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer as part of which is to be the duties on salt, laid on by an act in the fifth year of the reign ^Iexc^uv of his late majesty King George the Second, and continued by agcpart of the several subsequent acts, duties on (alt,

t IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Any of the if any person or persons shall, during the next recess of parliament, said provisions land any such salted beef, pork, or butter, or any salt beef called being landed dried beef* or dried neat tongues, or dried hogfmeat, into thisfirstUpaj<j^ ' kingdom from Ireland, before payment of the duty or duties by are forfeited, this act specified and directed, the same shall be forfeited and lost, with iot. pejr and twenty shillings per barrel for every barrel thereof, and barrel* so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, being an officer or officers of the customs, or of his Majesty's duties upon salt* to take and seize all such commodities as shall be imported and landed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, together with thecasks, vessels, and package containing the same; and that all such penalties and forfeitures shall be distributed in Recovery and manner following; that is to say, one moiety thereof to King, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to,

the person or persons who shall seize, sue, or inform for the same; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information* in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster*

V. Provided always, That no drawback shall be allowed or No drawback

Eid for any such salted beef or pork, so imported into this igdom from Ireland, and which shall be exported from hence cUewhere.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defen-> or defendants* in any such action or suit* may plead the

general

5*

General Mb*.

[Treble costs.]

Restrictions with respectto the granting importation of provisions from Ireland.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 29. [1764.

general issue, and give this act and the special mattar in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall (ind for the defendant or defendants; and if the pfainjiff shall be rionsuited, of discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other case9 by law.

VII. Provided always, and it is herd>y declared to be the true intent and meaning of this act. That nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the free importation of (sited beef, salted pork, bacon, or butter, from Ireland, unless when the price of the best ox beef in Smithfeld market shall exceed three pence per pound for the four quarters, and unless the price of the bed pieces of such beef shall exceed four pence per pound at Leaden Hall market, and unless the price of the best pork (haB exceed four pence per pound, the best bacon seven penceper pound, and of the best butter shall exceed nine pence per pound, at Leaden Hall market aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no order, permission, or authority, for the importation of butter from Ireland into this kingdom, shall be given or granted, till after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for the encouragement of the whale fisher) in the gulpb and river of Saint Lawrence, and on the coajts of his Majesty's colonies in America.

WHEREAS a considerable whale fishery has been iifcovered in the gulpb and river of Saint Lawrence, and has been carried on with Juccefiy but is fill capable of improvement: and whereas it x would contribute greatly to the encouragement of the said fishery^ if

the duty now payable on the importation of whale finsy taken from.whales caught in the said gulph and rher of Saint Lawrence, or in

any seas on the coajls of am of his Majesty's colonies in America, were, for a competent ttme> tejfened and reduced \ we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, desirous to improve the advantages that have accrued to your Majesty's subjects from the cessions made by the late peace, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may From the pat be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent ma-sing this act, jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual. to 45 Dec. and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflfem-Whaie fins, bled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may taken from* be lawful to and for any person or persons, from and after the whales caught passing of this act, at any time before the twenty fifth day rf »y BntUhsub-.December,

No order. See. for importation to take place, before jwm, 176

[Preamble.]

1j64.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 30. $5

December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from in the thence to the end of the then next session of parliament* to import in ships belonging to his Majesty's subjects (whereof the rence, nor on" captain or matter, and three fourth parts of the mariners, are his the coasts of Majesty subjects) whale fins taken from whales caught by any of the British co-his Majesty's subjects in the gulpl^ or river of Saint Lawrence, or in |°n»cs, ^mav be^ any seas on the coasts of any of his Majesty's colonies in America* ^ips, without paying any custom, subsidy, or duty, for the same, other duly navigat-than and except the rate or duty commonly called The old sub- ed, paying no fidy, granted by an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign ^hcr<iutyfri of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encourage- fu£|jdy tnrnt-ment of the Greenland and Eastland trades > and for the better ft- cd by art 15 curing the plantation trade y for and during the said term; any law Car. II. or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- matter said. That nothing in this a dt contained shall extend, or be the

construed to extend, to allow the importation of whale fins port ofimpor-without paying any custom, subsidy, or duty, other than and tation, of the except the said rate or duty commonly called The old subsidy, un- trut^.gf* less the captain, matter, or other commanding officer of the ship prc or vessel, or the person importing the same, shall first make oath before one of the principal officers of the customs in the port or ports of importation (who is and are hereby authorized and required to administer luchoath) that all the whale fins imported in such ship or vessel were, to the best of his knowledge and belief, really and bona fide the fills of whales caught and taken in the gulph or river of Saint Lawrence, or in the seas on the coasts of fpme of his Majesty's colonies in America, by the crew of such ships and vessels only, whereof the owner or owners, the captain or matter, and three fourth parts of the mariners, were his Majesty's subjects.

CAP. XXX.

An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, for one yeary beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the sum of eighty thousand pounds has been

granted to his Majesty for defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia, for one yeary from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four: in order therefore that the charge of pay and cloathing for such militia may be duly and properly defrayed and satisned; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by- and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

Where the militia is or shall be raised, the receiver general of the county is to issue months pay in advance, according to the establishment of pay let down) with half a year's salary to the regimental and battalion

clerks

A

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 30; [1764.

clerks; and the allowances to the clerks of the general and sub-division,

meetings; and pay for cloathing the militia.--- The above sums are not

to be paid, if pay has not before been issued, till the lord lieutenant or deputies shall have certified to the treasury and receivers general the inrofl-

ment of three fifths of the m tti and officers.--- The money is to be paid by the receiver general to the clerk of the regiment or battallion (except the allowances to the clerks of the meetings) upon producing the warrant of his appointment; and for independent companies, to the respective captains, or to their order; according to the establishment laid down in the militia act of 1 Geo. III. — -A second payment is also to be made within three months after the first; and a third within three months after the second. Receipts of the peripns, to whom the monies shall be so paid,

discharge to the receivers general.--The regimental and batralliori1

clerks are to pay in advance one month's pay to the adjutant; and two months pay to each captain, for the serjeants, drummers, and contingent expence* of the said company; Captains to pay for each man id. ter month out of the contingent money, towards charges of the hospital; and for the serjeant-major, and drum-major; to be paid to the commanding officei* of the company, to which they belong: Captains to distribute the pay accordingly; and account for the same yearly to the clerk or receiver general, if an independent company; arta pay back the Turpins monies in his hands, except the contingent exp'eftoes, which is to be accounted for, and applied to the general use of the regiment, &c* Captains of independent companies to distribute the pay to their men, and apply the money allowed for contingent expences.----- Clerk to retain money in his hands for

his own salary; and discharge the cloathing bills.--- When the lord*

lieutenants or deputies shall have fixed the days of exercise, they are to certify the same to the receiver general, specifying the number of men, and days they shall be absent from home. Receiver general to issue thereupon pafy for officers and men to the regimental clerk, &c. Where there shall be independent companies only, the receiver general is to issue pay to the captains, according to the rate here set down. Regimental clerk to pay over the money to the respective captains. Captains to make up their account, to be signed by them, aridcounteifignea by the cGrtunanaing officer, and delivered with ballance, to the clerk or receiver general. Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers. — During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into actual service, and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowances from the receivers general is to ceaie. Receiver general to pay the clerk of the general meetings upon producing' an order from the lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants assembled. And the clerks of the sub-division meetings upon producing a like order from one deputy lieutenant..Orders to discharge receivers general. — Regia, mental and battallion clerks to give security for paying and accounting for the monies received by them; the bonds to be lodged with the receivers general, and put iir suit by them on non-performance of the condition; and they are intitled thereupon to full cofte and charges; and yl. per cent. of the money recovered; the residue to be accounted for to the auditor.----- The regimental and battallion clerks, and captains of inde-

pendent companies, are to deliver in accounts of their receipts and dif- Durfements, and pay over the ballance to the receivers general; who are to transmit the accounts into the auditor's office.--Recovery of penalties, &c. - --No fee payable for any warrant or (urn of money issued>

in pursuance of this act.--- Officers in half pay serving in the militia,

may receive the subsistence money payable to captains, lieutenants, or en-ligns; they taking oath before a justice, that during such period of time they have not had any other plage or employment of profit civil or mid-tary under his Majesty,

CAP.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c-31.

CAP. XXXI.

if* act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themseves for offices and employments and to indemnify justices of the peacedeputy lieutenants* and officers of the - militia* or others* who have omitted to regifiet or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law* and for giving further time for those purposes, and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations* and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be Jtamped according to the several alls of parliament now in force for that purp'ofe* or having been stamped, have been bft or miftdld* and for allowing them time to provide ad-.missions duly stamped, and to prevent the destruction of trees and underwoods growing in for$s and chafes.

WHEREAS divers persons y who, on account of their offices, Preamble, replaces* employments* or professions* or any other cause or oc- citing the fe-eafion* ought to have taken and subjeribei the oaths, or the assurance* ycral qua % -respectively appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed* in ing a 80 by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty % Geo. I*

King George the First* of glorious memory* intituled An act For the further security of his Majesty's person and government, and the fuc, cession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia* being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales and his open and secret abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for, 3 Car. U; the well governing and regulating corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another alt made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second* intituled An act for pre- 15 Car. II4 venting the dangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the sacrament of the Loris supper according to the usage of the church oj England, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned* or according to another all made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the 30 Car. H Second* intituled An act for the more enedtual preferring the Xing's person and government, by disabling papists from fitting in.either house of parliament; or according to another alt made in the eighteenth year of thereign of his late majesty King George the Se- lS jj, tond* intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled.

An act for the further qualification of justices of the peace; or ac- {

cording to another aH made in the second year of thereign of his present Majesty* intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce and a Geo. im into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; have, through ignorance of the law* absence* or same unavoidable accident* omitted to take and subscribo the said oaths and ajfiirance, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforo-laia* within such tupe, and in such manner, as in and by the said Vo*. XXVI, £ acta

8 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. gii [1764.

acts respectively, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made and provided, is required, whereby they may be in danger of incurring divers penalties and disabilities: for quieting the minds of lus Majesty's subjects, and for preventing any inconveniencies that might otherwise happen by means of fuels omissions, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person turther time or who shall, on or before the twenty eighth day of

to 28 Nov. November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, take and 1764, allowed subscribe the said oaths and affarance inspectivdy, in such cases top*rfon* wherein by law the said oaths and assurance ought to have been omktedVto ta^en or subscribed, in such manner and form, and such place qualify them- and places, as are appointed in and by the said act made in the lelyes, as the first year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the >d laws di- First, or by any other act or acts of parliament in that behalf.made and provided; and also receive the sacrament of the Lord's

supper, according to the usage of the church of England, and make and subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation, in such cases wherein the said sacrament ought to have beep received, and the said declaration ought to have been made and subscribed $ and take and subscribe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in such cases whereiA the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is directed; and also, being a depu* ty lieutenant or officer of the militia, shall, on or before the first day of August % one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, leave his qualification in writing with the clprk of the peace, with whom he is, by the said act made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, required to leave the same; shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, incurred or to be incurred, for or by reason of any former neglect or omission of taking or subscribing the said oaths dr assurance* or receiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking and fabferibing the said oath, or leaving his qualification in writing with the clerk Of the peace respectively, according to the above-mentioned acts, or any of Persons qoati- them, or any other act or acts, is and are and shall be fully fying the m- and actually recapacitated and restored to the same state and ner^and wkh- "H^ition as person or persons were before such neglect in the bme, or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duty appointed,re-qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the above* capacitated mentioned acts, and every of them; and that all acts done or to and indemiu- done by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same force"and yalidity, as the same or any of them would have been, if such person or persons respectively had taken the said oaths or assurance, and received the sacrament of the Lord's supper, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and fab* 2 feribci

99

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 31.

scribed the said oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, according to the diredhon of the said acts, andcvery of them; and that such person or persons qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time, appointed by this act, shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual, as if diseh person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contain- Offices, be.

ed, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore or intitle cdby

any person or persons to any office or employment, benefice, mat- ment ofa ter, or thing, whatsoever, already actually avoided by judgment court, and of any of his Majesty's courts ol record, already filled up or en- filled up, cou« joyed by any other person; but such office, employment, bene- firracd* fice, matter, or thing, so avoided, or filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now intitled to the same, as if this act had never been made.

III. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con- NoneJndem* tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify n>fid where any person ^gainst whom final judgment shall have been given

in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his been given fee Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having the jienalty; neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law, or incurred, any person who shall have omitted to qualify himself within the'time limited by any act or acts of parliament made during the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments.

IV. And whereas admissions of divers members and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, which, by several tads of parliament, are directed and required to be stamped, may hot have been provided, or the same not duly stamped, or may'have been lost or mislaid $ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the relief of such persons whose admissions Such persons may not have been provided, or not duly stamped is aforesaid,

or where the lame have been loft or midaid, it shall and may be been11 lawful to and for such persons, on or before the said twenty provided, or eighth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and n<* duly four, to provide, or cause to be provided, admissions duly stamp- ^shave -cd, and such persons so providing admissions duly stumped as ^con loftTor aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act mistaid, are as member or members, officer or officers, of such cities, cor- allowed to porations, and borough towns respectively, to all intents and* purposes, and shall and may hold, enjoy, and execute the same, ^the same* or any other office or offices into which he or they hath or have been ele<sted, notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omif-4ion of any of their predeceuors in such cities, corporations, or borough towns, as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and d»f-' H 2 charged

j

ioo Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 32.' [i7&£

and they are charged of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, thereup^i in- penalties, and damages, by reason of any such omission, and c* none of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason

of the same.

Where any V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority shall desire7 to aforesaid, That when and as often as any member or members, have their officer or officers of any city, corporation, or borough town, newed°n# rC de*ire to ^ave his, her, or their admissions, renewed or new9confirmed in manner aforesaid, the mayor or other chief magistrate of such city, corporation, or borough town, shall, and he js hereby required in every such case, upon notice given tp him tiy any one or more member or members, officer or officers, of any city, corporation, or borough town, to summon a hall, a hall is to be common council, or other proper publick meeting, within ten r^nCco-or daYs a^tcr not^ce given to him, for the purpose of admitting

fSies, and con- or granting copies, and confirming the admissions of such per-rm'ing such son or persons as aforesaid.

admissions.

VI. And whereas the laws in being are found to be in-

Officers and effectual for preventing the destruction of timber trees, and other

keepers of trees, underwood and covert, growing upon the forests and Wf?°<d8 chafes within this kingdom; be it further enacted by the autho-mayefei»e'any "*7 rfor^id, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall fewor other 7 and may be lawful for every surveyor of his Majesty's woods, inttruraent and his lawful deputy, and also for the officers and keepers of used in un- any forest or chase, to seize and take away, for his and their tingany trees own u^c> any saw>*> hatchet, bill-hook, or other instrument, &cftherein.*used by any person or persons whom they shall find unlawfully (locking up, sawing, cutting down, topping, lopping, or destroying, any timber tree, or other tree, underwood or covert, within such forest or chase.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to impower the high court of chancery to lay out, upon proper securities, a further sum of money, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and for applying the interest arising therefrom, towards answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court.

Preamble, re-

citing clause T WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the twelfth year in act i % Geo. of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, inv> tituledj An act to impower the high court of chancery to lay out, upon proper securities, any monies not exceeding a sum therein s limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of

England belonging to the suitors of the said court, for the ease of the said suitors, by applying the interest arising therefrom for answering the charges of the office of accountant general of the said court, a provision is made for the support and maintenance of the office of accountant general of the court of chancery, by directing cer-

tfaj Attflo-quarto Georgii III. c. 32.- 101

taut payments tobe made, in the manner therein mentioned, to the said

accountant general and his two clerks, for their salaries, in lieu of and

in recompence for, all fees whatsoever that would be due and payable to

the said office by the suitors: and whereas fmce the passing the said act,

the money and effects belonging to the suitors of the said court, under

the care and dire ft ion of the said accountant general, are greatly in-

tree fed; by reason whereof the necessary business of the said office is

grown so extenfrve and laborious, that the provision made by the said

0 is become inefficient to answer the charges attending the execution

of the said office: wherefore, in order to provide for the further sup-

port of the said office, be it enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri- p>ul^ifI, a*n'

tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af- edTo^re^T2"

sembled, and by the authority of the same, That out of the cash the placing out

that now lies, or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the at interest,

hank of England, belonging to the suitors of the said court of ong°vern-

chancery, a sum not exceeding five thousand pounds shall and ^"^oo^lVof

may, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court to be made the cash lying

for that purpose, from time to time be placed out in one intire dead in the

sum, or in pareels, on such government or parliamentary fecu^ ban^» h?100*

rities as in and by such order or orders shall be directed, to the of the

intent that the interest and annual profits arising from the mo^ court;

ney so to be placed out as aforesaid, may be applied for the pur- and to change

poles herein after mentioned; and that the said court of chan- the securities

eery may, from time to time, change the security or securities Sail thinic

on which the said monies shall be so placed out, as the said court proper.

shall think expedient, The bank to

II. And be it further enacted, That the interest and annual receive the in-profits arising and to be produced from the said securities shall, terest and pro- from time to time, be received by the governor and company fits tbcrcof> of the bank of England, and placea to the credit of the same account as was raised in the books kept there for the suitors of the said court, by virtue of the said act herein before mentioned, of interest arising from money placed out in pursuance of the said act; and that out of such interest money and annual profits, aruj to pay there shall be paid, by quarterly payments, by the governor and thereout, upor* company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders an order from of the court of chancery to be made for that purpose, the annualthe fou]£'ann sum of one hundred and twenty pounds to the said accountant byViatteriy*general's third clerk; which said salary shall commence from the payments, to eighth day of April in the year of our Lord one thousand seven the account-hundred and sixty four, and shall, together with the salaries* ?ci?er^4 appointed by the said act herein before mentioned, be in lieu ^hiValary to of, and in recompence and satisfaction for, all fees whatsoever, commence which, from that time shall or would be due or payable to the from 8 April, said office, by the suitors; and that the residue of the interest f76+»

and annual profits, arising and to be produced from the said^securities, shall be accounted for and taken as part of the com- Refuiue of the mon and general cash of and belonging to the suitors of the said interest, See. court of chancery, and shall be issued and applied pursuant and to be account* according to the directions of an act of parliament, passed general

H 3 the bJong-

i o2 Anno quarto Georgii III. C.

[17C4i

ing to the the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George fmtors, the First, intituled An act for the relief of the suitors of the high

plied pursuant mrt of Ornery.

to act \ %

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared*

Geo. I. That if at any time hereafter the whole, or any part of the said

If the whole, sum of gve thousand pounds, shall be wanted to answer any of

e^effuras t^ie demands of the suitors of the said court of chancery, then*

of 5000l. shall ar*d ih such case, the said court may and shall direeft the famer

be wanted to or any part thereof, to be called in, or the securitieS on which

pay the suit- the same shall be placed to be disposed of, in order that the

wl* suitors of the said court may at alLtimes be paid their respective

the court may.

direa the cal- demands, out of the common and general cam belonging to ling in thereof, such suitors.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for preventing inconveniencies arising in cases of merchants^ and such other persons as are within the description of the Statutes relating to bankrupts, being intitled to privilege of parliament, and becoming insolvent.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, merchantr, bankers, brok&s* factors, fcrwener$y and traders9 within the description of the Statutes relating to bankruptj, having privilege of parliament, are not compellable to pay their just debts, or to become bankrupts, by reason of the freedom of their persons from arrests upon civil process; andfome doubts have aljfb arisen, whether, in cases of bankruptcy, a cortomission can be sued out during the continuance of such privilege: to remedy which inconvem-encies, and to support the honour and dignity of parliament, and good faith and credit in commercial dealings, which require, that in such cases, the laws Should have their due course, and that no such merchants, bankers, brokers, factors, feriveners, or traders, in case of actual insolvency, Should, by any privilege whatever, be exempted from doing equal justice to all their creditors; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, That from and after the eleventh day of May> one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, it shall be lawful for any single creditor, or two wii w or more creditors, being partners, whose debt or debts shall iny merchant, amount to one hundred pounds or upwards, and for any two &c. within the creditors whose debts shall amount to one hundred and fifty description of pounds or upwards, or any three or more creditors whose debts UtlngTo rCr amount to two hundred pounds or upwards, of any person

bankrupts, or persons deemed a merchant, banker, broker, factor, ferivener, having privi- or trader or traders, within the description of the aefts of parlia* lege of p ir- ment relating to bankrupts, having privilege of parliament, at Iiament>on^any tjme^ Upon affidavit or affidavits being made and filed or\ fidav'it made record in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster by such cre-of the debt, ditor or creditors, that such debt or debts is or are justly due to and filed in him or them respectively, and that every such debtor, as he or coum atC tllc7 VCI*ity believe, is a merchant, banker, broker, factor, feri-Westminster, Veqe*>

from and after 11 May, 1764, creditors, to a certain value, of

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 34. 163

vcner, or trader, within the description of the Statutes relating f« out a Aim-to bankrupts, to sue out of the same court a summons, or an °£-

original bill and summons, against such merchant, banker, f^nftfuchC# broker, factor, ferivener, or trader, and serve him with a copy debtor: thereof; and if such merchant, banker, broker, factor, ferivener, and if he shall or trader, shall not within two months after personal service of not» "lthm*such summons (affidavits of the debt or debts having been duly foure/ir* made and hied as aforesaid) pay, secure, or compound for, such compound for debt or debts, to the satisfaction of such creditor or creditors, or the debt, enter into a bond in such sum, and with two such sufficient sureties, as any of the judges of that court out of which such summons shall issue shall approve of, to pay such sum as shall be recovered in such action or actions, together with such costs as be q^ii be ad. shall be given in the same, he shall be accounted and adjudged judged a a bankrupt from the time of the service of such summons; and bankrupt; and any creditor or creditors may sue out a commission against any a commission such person, and proceed thereon in like manner as against rdint£Cfn^ other bankrupts. out aglinft

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this act him.

shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to any But this act is such debt or debts as aforesaid contracted before the eighth day notftoI*?1?11* of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; any thing ^rc con* herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not- trafted before withstanding. 8 March, 1764,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, But any mcr.

That if any merchant, banker, broker, factor, ferivener, or chant, &c. trader, shall, after the last day of this session of parliament, com- committing mit any act of bankruptcy, that then, and in such case, any of creditor or creditors as aforesaid may sue out a commission of after th^last bankrupt against such merchant, banker, broker, ferivener, or day of this trader j and the of in such commission, and other femon, the persons, may proceed thereon in like manner as against other creditors may bankrupts; any privilege of parliament to the contrary notwith- co^/Kon a. Sanding. gainfthim.and the of proceed therein, as against other bankrupts, notwithstanding his privilege.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing Persons inti-in this a dk shall subject any person intitled to privilege of parlia- ^sub-ment to be arrested, or imprisoned, during the time of such to arrest* privilege, except in cases made felony by the acts relating to &c. bankrupts, or any of them. except in casej

CAP. XXXIV.

'An act to prevent paper bills of cred, hereafter to be issuei

in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal tender in payments of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now subsisting, from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and sinking the same.

WHEREAS great quantities of paper bills of credit have been created and ijfutd in his Majesty's colonies or plantations in

H 4 America,

After i Sept, 1764, all future acts of assembly, &c. for creating, &c. paper bills of credit, declaring them to be a legal tender

money; are void.

104 Anno quarto GEORGirUl. C. 34? [17^4.'

America, by virtue of alls, orders, restations, or votes of assembly/ making and declaring such bills of credit to be legal tender in payment of money: and whereas such bills of credit have greatly depreciated in their value, by means whereof debts have been discharged with a much less value than was controlled for, to the great discouragement and prejudice of the trade and commerceof his Majestfs subjects, by occa-/toning confujim in dealings, and lessentng credit in the said colonies or plantations: for remedy whereof, may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no act, order, resolution, or vote of assembly, in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, shall be made, for creating or issuing any paper bills, or bills of credit of any kind or denomination whatsoever, declaring such paper bills, or bills of credit, to be legal tender in

- payment of any bargains, contracts, debts, dues, or demands

in*payment of whatsoever; and every clause or provision which shall hereafter be inserted in any act, order, resolution, or vote of assembly, contrary to this act, shall be null and void,

II. And whereas the great quantities of paper bills, or bills of credit, which are now actually in circulation and currency in several colonies or plantations in America, emitted in pursuance of acts of assembly declaring such bills a legal tender, make it highly expedient that the conditions and terms, upon which such oills have been emitted, Should not be varied or prolonged, so as to continue the legal tender thereof beyond the terms respectively fixed by such acts for calling in and discharging such bills; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That.every act, order, resolution, or vote of assembly, in any of the made to pro^co^on^cs or plantations, which shall be maefe to prolong the long the legal legal tender of any paper bills, or bills of credit, which are now tender of inch subsisting and current In any of the said colonies or plantations bUli now Aib-; n America, beyond the times fixed for the calling in, sinking, discharging of such paper bills, or bills of credit, shall be limited for null and void, tilling in and sinking the same.

Governor,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* riving his af- That if any governor or commander in chief for the time being* rK "11 or any colonies or plantations, shall, from and

feits io<^ L a^ter t*lc 1"1(1 drft day of September, one thousand seven hundred and is incapa- an(l forty four, give his assent to any act or order of assembly con-citatcef. trary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such governor or commander in chief shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one thousand pounds, and shall be immediately aifmifled from his government, and for ever after rendered incapable of any public office or J)lace of trust.

This act not

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend to alter or re- to alter or repeal an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the

reign

as are also all acts, See.

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III..c. 35. 105

reign of his late majestyKing George the Second, intituled An P*l

oft to regulate and refrain paper bills of credit in his Majesty's col*14 GcaI1,

mes or plantations of Rhode Island and Providence plantations,

Connecticut, the Massachuset's Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the same being legal tenders in payments of money.

V. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex- nor to make tend, or be construed to extend, to make any of the bills now any bills now fabfifting in any of the said colonies a legal tender. subsisting a le.

CAP. XXXV.

gal tern

ngal

ider.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of such lands and hereditaments as have been purchased upon the sea coasts in the counties of Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, on which forts and batteries have been erected for defence of the said coasts, in pursuance of an act pajfea in the.second year of the reign of his present Majesty, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS in pursuance of an act of parliament passed in Preamble, re-the second year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for citine clauses vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments upon the j"11*G* sea coasts in the counties of Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, on UIw which forts and batteries have been erected for the defence of the said coasts, in trustees, for certain uses, and for other purposes therein mentioned; his Majesty was most graciously pleased to issue a commission by his letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminster the nineteenth day of July, in the second year of his reigny to impower and authorize certain persons therein named to be of for putting in execution the said act9 and did give to themy or any five or more of them, full power and authority to do, perform, and execute all and every the matters and things zuhatsoevery which by the said act such of were authorized and required to doy perform, and execute, thereby willing them, or any five or more of them, from time to timey to proceed and aft according to the rules and directions of the said act of parliament and whereas by virtue of the said commission, and in pursuance of the said act, eleven of the said of, in the said commission named, did, on the sixth day of September, in the said second year of his Majesty's reign, meet, purfiuant to notice thereof given and fixed up at the door of the Guild hall of the city of Canterbury in the said county of Kent, and at the principal gates of and entrances intoy the respective. forts and batteries at Folkestone and Hyth, and likewise published in the London Gazette, thirty days and more before such meetings at the Old Castle of Canterbury aforesaid \ and did then and there, in a summary manner, proceed and aft by and upon the testimony of witnesses, inspection and examination of deedsf writingsy and records, and by and upon the inqurfi of seventeen good and lawful men qualified to serve upon juries at the affixes for the said county of Kent, impanelled, summotted, and returned by George Kelly esquire, sheriff of the said county, to take the inquest, whoy upon their oaths July admi-

nijlered

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 35} - [1764.

mfteredy did inquire into and present the true and real vahu of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, mentioned in the Paid act to be situate at Folkestone and Hyth in the said county of Kent, and of every part and parcel thereof and who respectively were the owners and proprietors thereof and their respective estates and interest there-in; and thereupon the said of then present did adjudge and determine who respectively were toe owners and proprietors of toe said lands, tenements, and hereditaments at Folkestone and Hyth aforesaid y and their respective estates and interest therein> and in every part and parcel thereof and what each respective owner and proprietor thereof was intitled to for his respective efates and interest therein, amounting together to the sum of ninety pounds of lawful money of Great Britain: and whereas by virtue of the said commissmy and in furfuance of the said act, ten of the said of in the said cm-miffton namedy didy on the thirteenth day of September, in the said second year of his Majestfs reign, meet at the town hall of the borough of Lewes in the said county of Sussex, pursuant to notice given and fixed up at the town ball of the borough of Lewes aforesaid, and at the principal gates of9 and entrances intOy the respective forts and batteries at Little Hampton, Brighthelmstone, Newhaven, Bloteh-ington, Seaford, Hailing, and at the Upper Battery and Lower Battery at Rye, and likewise published in the Lonaon Gazette thirty days and more before such meeting; and did then and therey in a summary manner, by and upon the testimony of witnessesy inspection and examination of deeds, writings, and recoras, and by and upon the inquest of nineteen good and lawful men qualified to serve upon juries at the affixes for the fend county of Sussex, impanelledy summoned, and returned by Thomas Grainger esquire, sheriff of the said county of Sussex, to take the inquesty whoy upon their oaths9 did enquire into and present the true and real value of the said lands, tenements9 and hereditaments, in the said act mentioned to be situate in Climpton, Brighthelmstone, Newhaven, Blotchington, Seaford, Hacting, and Rye, in the said county of Sussex, and of every part and parcel thereof y and who respectively were the owners and proprietors thereof and their respective estates and interest therein and thereupon the said of then presenty did adjudge and determine who respectively were the owners and proprietors of the said lands and hereditaments in the said county of Sussex, and their respective estates and interest therein, and in every part and parcel thereof \ and what each respective owner and proprietor thereof was intitled to9 for his, her9 and their respective estates and interest therein, amounting together to the sum of one hundred twenty one pounds, thirteen shillings, of like law-fid money of Great Britain: and the said of then present at the said town ball of the said borough of Lewes, upon the complaint of several persons owners of lands, adjoining to part of the lands by the said act vejledy that they had respectively received damage by making the fortifications there9 did certify and efimate the respective damages done to the respective lands of the several persons complainings amounting together to the sum of thirty two pounds, and seventeen shillings, of like lawful money of Great Britain: and whereas by virtue of the said commissm9 and in pur fiance of the said act, fix of the

com-

1764.] Anno r quarto Georgii III. c. 35C .107

tmmfllanits in the said tmtniflum named did, on the twenty

day of September, in the said fuond year of his Majesty's meet at the town hall of the borough of Portsmouth, in the fend county of Southampton, parfuant to notice given and fixed up at the door of the town ball of the find borough of Portsmouth and at

the principal gates of, and entrances into, the forts and bat-

teries at Lumps and Eastney, and liiewifie published in the London Gazette, thirty days and more before fieeb meeting; did then and there, in a summarymanner, by and upon the testimony of,

mfpettion and examination of deeds, writings, and records, and by and ufon the inquest of two and twenty good and lawful men qualified to same upon juries at the affixes for the said tounty of Southampton, impanelled, summoned, and returned, by Sir Thomas Gatehouse knight, sheriff of the said county of Southampton, take the who, upon their oaths, did enquire into and the true and real value of the find lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said act mentioned to be situate in the parish of Portsea, in the said county of Southampton, and of every part and parcel thereof, and who speffivefy were the owners and proprietors thereof, and their respective estates and interest therein, and thereupon the find of then present did adjudge and determine who respectively were the owners and proprietors of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said parish of Portsea, and their respective estates and intertfi therein, and in every part and parcel thereof, and what eath respective owner and proprietor thereofwas inti tied to, for his eft ate and

interest therein, amounting together to the sum of throe hundred and one pounds, five /billings, of like lawful money of Great Britain: and whereas it is just and reasonable the owners and proprietors of the

fteffive lands, tenements, and hereditaments Should be paid the re-

speffive sums to them adjudged, for their estates and interest in the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in and by the find recited off mentioned and vested in the said trustees therein named, together with interest for the same, after the rate ef four pounds per centum per annum, from the time the said lands were first made use effor the purposes in the said aff mentioned, to the time of payment of their principal moneys for which purpose, and for the more ef* feftual carrying the said act into execution, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That A sum not out of all 6r any the aids or supplies granted to his Majesty, for exceeding the ferrite of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty44*?* four, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums out of" of money, not exceeding the sum of six hundred forty nine the supplie* Pounds, eight shillings, and nine pence farthing, for and to-granted forth* wards making a reasonable and just compensation and satisfae-. tien to all and every person and persons, bodies politic and porate, ecclesiastical and civil, who, at the time of making the ing satisfaSioa said recited act, were the several and respective owners and pro- to the respectprietors of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said recited interested

io9

in the pre, millet.

Bills to be made out at the office of Ordnance for the films due to the rt(pec-tive proprietors, See. and debentures to be granted thereupon.

which are to be paid by the treasurer of the ordnance. Debentures refilled to be accepted, may be left with the clerk of the peace of the county wherein the lands lie* and acquittance to be taken for the same;

Lands to vest thereupon in his Majesty.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 3^ f 1764.2

recited act mentioned, according to their several estates and interest therein, in possession, reversion, remainder, or otherwise.

II. And to the intent that all and singular the proprietors, aforesaid may be paid for their respective estates and interests* all and every such sum and sums of money as they have been adjudged and determined by the said of to be respectively intitled unto, together with interest for the same after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the time the respective lands were first made use of for the purposes in the said recited act mentioned, to the time of payment of the said principal sums; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the surveyor general of the ordnance for the time being to make out and allow one or more bill or bills to the respective person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, for such sum and sums of money as is or are to them respectively adjudged, together with interest for the same after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum; which bill or bills* so made out and allowed, shall express the respective lands, and the number of acres, together with the name of the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, apd the respective, sum or sums of money he, she, or they is or are to receive; and thereupon one or more debenture or debentures shall be prepared for the several and respective sums as aforesaid by the clerk of the ordnance for the time being, and signed by three or more of the principal officers of the ordnance Tor the time be*, ing} which debenture or debentures is and are hereby required, to be paid by the treasurer of the ordnance for the time being* who shall take acquittances from the parties indorsed thereon.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, shall wilfully refule to accept of or receive such debenture or deben* tures as aforesaid, that then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the clerk of the ordnance for the time being, to leave and deposit such debenture or debentures with the clerk of the peace of the respective counties where the lands, tenements, or hereditaments do lie, in respect whereof such sum of money is to be paid, and to take his acquittance or acquittances for the same; which such clerk of the peace is hereby required to give without any fee or reward, and which shall be taken and deemed to be valid; and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments* of such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, so refusing to accept such debenture or debentures, shall be vested to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors for ever, as if he* (he, or they had received such debenture or debentures, and the money thereon due had been fully satisfied and paid.

IV. And whereas, the money respectively adjudged to the several person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, are* taken distributely, so minute and inconsiderable, that were tho same to be paid into the hands of the deputy of the King's remembrancer of his Majesty's court of Exchequer at Westminster, to be disposed of, subject to, and by the orders and direction of

5764-J JRmno quarto Georgii III. c. f[1109.

the said court, the several owners and proprietors of the lands would have no satisfaction for the same; but the whole or greater part of the money, would necessarily be expended in discharging*the fees of the said court; for remedy whereof, be it further n enacted, That the several sum and sums of money due and ^udTedJue owing to any impropriator, appropriates, parson, or vicar* in to impropria-right of his church, shall, and lawfully may be paid into^the tors, See. to hands of such impropriator, appropriator, parson, or vicar; and b* Pai.d"to all sum and sums of money due and owing to any body or th^ducto5 bodies politic or corporate, or any trustees for their use, (half, bodies pofttio and lawfully may be paid into the hands of the mayor, bailiff; or corporate, or other chief officer of such body or bodies politic or corporate; or trultee* and all such sum or sums of money of any person or persons to

whatsoever, who by reason of any disability, by nonage, or un- the mayor or der any fetdement, is or are not capable by law to take and dif- other chief pose of the several sums which shall be due and payable to them ? as aforesaid, shall, and lawfully may be paid into the hands of b« p^d the guardians of such infants, or the trustees under such settle- to the guar-ment, for the use of such body or bodies politic or corporate, dians or tru % ecclesiastical and civil, and the respective persons interested there- ftccs> in as aforesaid; which several sums of money so to be paid, shall by such impropriators, appropriators, parsons, vicars, mayors, and to be laid bailiffs, or other chief officer, of any body politic or corporate, 0{?trntreK*r-guardians and trustees, be, with all convenient speed, respectivo- bmds, 0&c.* iy laid out in the purchase of other lands, tenements, or hero-efitaments, in places most convenient for the parties interested, their heirs and successors; any law, Statute, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: and the estate or estates, so to be purchased, shall be conveyed and settled to the same uses, to be settled to intents, and purposes, as the former estates were settled, at such the same uses y time as they became vested in the trustees appointed by the said recited act; and that, until such purchases can be made, it shall and may be lawful for such impropriator, appropriator, parson, vicar, mayor, bailiff, or other chief officer of such body politic nfes are to be or corporate, guardians and trustees, to place such monies out placed out In* at interest on parliamentary funds, or other good securities, de-daring the trull thereof in the same manner, as the estate or iunslt> estates, so to be purchased, are to be conveyed and settled.; and the interest thereof shall, from time to time, as the same shall a2dtt^Lint^ grow due, be paid to the several and respective parties whohe respectire would be respectively intitled to the rents and profits of the partici. estate or estates, so to be purchased, in case the same were puiw chafed.

[Preamble.]

Act c Geo. I] which was continued by several sub-sequent€ts.

further continued to*9

Sept, i77*.

&nno quarto Georgii III. c. 36J

i

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to centime an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late tnajefiy King George the Second, intituled An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and for extending the laws, relating to hackney coaches, to the counties of Kent and Essex.

WHEREAS the law hereafter motioned hath, by experience* been found ufefid and beneficial, and is near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enodted; and be it enacted by the King's mod; excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-[. thority of the same, That an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankruptcy which was to continue in force for three years from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts, made in the ninth and sixteenth years of his find Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and which, by another act made in the twenty fourth year of his said Majesty's reign, was amended, and further continued until the first day of September y one thou-laud seven hundred and fifty (even, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by another act made in the thirty first year of his said Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And whereas by the several laws now in being, for licen-ifing and regulating t)te owners and drivers of hackney coaches within the cities of London and Westminster, and the foburbs thereof, and the parishes and places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, the said drivers are subjected to certain penalties and punishments for exactions or misbehaviour, hut the cognizance thereof is, by the said laws, confiened to the commissioners for licensing the said coaches, the aldermen of London, and the justices of the peace for the city of Westminster, and the counties of Middlesex and Surrey (into which counties the limits comprized within the said bills of mortality do in part extend:,) and whereas the counties of Essex and Kent lie but at a small distance from the city of London % and the said licensed tasfcpey coaches often travel into those counties through a small

1764.] Anno quarto GioRon III. C. 3 f. <11

part of the said county of Middlesexor Surrey, but the driver* thereof are subject to no jurisdiction of the justices of the peace after they pass the said counties of Middlesexor Surrey; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Justices for the and after the first day of May* one thousand seven hundred and ^"/^Eirex sixty four, every justice or justices of the peace of or for the authorized to counties of KMt and Essex shall have the same power and au- put the laws thority, within his or their respective jurisdiction or jurisdictions, relating to to put the said laws, or any of them, in execution against the drivers of the said licensed hackney coaches, for any offence committed against the said laws, or any of them, to all intents within their and purposee, as the said of, 4aldermen, and justices respective ju-r of London* Westminster* Middlesex* and Surrey* now have by law, rifttftioxxs* within their respective jurisdictions.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for the better establishing a manufactory of cambricks and lawns, or goods of the kind usually known under those denominations* now carrying on at Winchelsea, in the county of Sussex; and for improving* regulating* and extending the manufacture of cambricks and lawns* or goods of the kind usually known under those denominations, in that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the efablijbint a manufacture of linens in England, of the kind ufally known under' the denomination of cambricks and French lawns* will be of great utility to this kingdom4 as well by the employment of a great number of poor* as by preventring the illegal importation of foreign cambricks and Freneh7tf«/w: and whereas a manufactury of cambricks and lawns hath been already set up at Winchelsea in the county of Sussex, and large quantities of such goods have been made there* and may be made in other tarts of this kingdom* equal* if not superior* in quality to those made in foreign parts; and many persons are defrous of subscribing large sums towards the support and extenfon of the said manufactury (for the effectual carrying on of which a large fund will be necessary) but are apprehenfwe that difficulties may arise* as well in rtcovenng debts which may grow due to the proprietors of the said manufactury* as in defending suits or actions which may be brought or commenced a* gainjl them for any matter or thing relative thereto* as* by law* all the several proprietors or subscribers to the said manufactury must, in such cafis both sue and be sued* implead and be impleaded* by their feviral and difinct names and descriptions; and therefore^ for the mfbe easily carrying on the manufacture* and avoiding the difficulties aforesaid* are deftrous of being incorporated and having a common seal and name by which they may sue and be sued; and many persons are defrous of subscribing large sums thereto* but are deterred from so doing, left they may thereby become liable* in case the said manufactury Should not be successful, to pay large sums of money over and above the sums by them subscribed* to make good the debts to be incurred therefrom\ and many persons who are not now liable to become bankrupts,

with-

i

m Anno quarto Georgii III. c. $f.

[176ft

within the intent and meaning of any of the laws now in force concerning bankrupts are likewise fearful of subscribing money to cany on the said manufacture, as, by becoming subjcribers to and part owners thereof they may be liable to have commissions of bankrupt ijfuecl against them as traders: and whereas some doubts have arisen, whether such cambricks and lawns, so made and fabricated England, can, confident with the laws now in being relating to catnbricks jmd French lawns, be legally fold, disposed of and used in Great Britain; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may. be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Anj person authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and may makeand for any person or persons whomsoever, to make and vend, or fell cambricks causet0 be made and vended, all such linen goods called Cambricks this k^dom.or L(XWn5> or goods of the kind usually known by or under eitherof those denominations, as shall be made in this kingdom, and stamped in the maimer herein after directed; and that fqch lawns or cambricks, or other such like goods so made and stamped, may be exposed to sale, and worn by any person or persons in this kingdom; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas the sole right and prerogative of granting charters of incorporation (not being such as are repugnant to any law or Statute of this kingdom) doth belong to your Majesty* TheKifcgmay be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall incorporate and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs, and fucccf-Wemnamed ^ors' ^y one charter, indenture, or letters patent, under the (the present great ^al Great Britain, to declare and grant. That the right

mbscribers) honourable the earl Vernty in the kingdom of Ireland, the right

honourable Charles Townshend, Sir George Colebrcoke baronet, Sir.Lawrence Dundas baronet, Arnold Nesbitt esquire, Peregrine Cust esquire, George Prescott esquire, Barlow Trecothick esquire, Gilbert Heathcote esquire, Moses Franks esquire, master Edward Bridgen, matter Benjamin Barnett, master William Grace, master Thomas JSidwell, and every other person or persons who shall hereafter^ either in their own right, or as executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, in right of any other person or persons, become proprietors of, or interested in, any part or mare of the joint capital stock or fund herein after mentioned, shall be one distiadt and separate body politick and corporate, in deed and Th^E116n name' bY the rtame an^ ftde of The English Linen Company, f»(h Linenor such other name as his Majesty shall think proper; and that Company, such corporation shall have perpetual succession, subject to such with such power of revocation as to his Majesty shall seem meet; and that power of re- such corporation shall have power, from time to time, to chufo vocation as to jjrc^or Sj an(j ass proper officers and servants, for the better management of the affairs of the said corporation, in such manner, and under such restrictions and qualifications, as are herein after directed, or such as shall be prescribed in that behalf in and by such charter \ nevertheless the first directors of the said

cor-

his Majesty shall seem meet t They may chuse directors, &c.

IljG4.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37. 113

corporation-shall and may be appointed by his Majesty in and by the same charter; and that the said first directors shall continue in their respective offices from the time of their appointment by his Majesty, until the first Wednesday in March next after such appointment; and all subsequent directors shall continue in their respective offices for one year from the time of thqyr respective appointments; and in case of death, removal, or disqualification, be supplied in such manner as herein after is directed; and that the said corporation shall and may have and use a common seal for the business only of the said corporation; and such seal, from time to time, may break, change, make new, or alter, as shall be found most expedient; and that the and purchasa said corporation shall be able and capable in law, to purchase, lands> take, and enjoy, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, value of*' not exceeding the value of five hundred pounds per annum, and 50Qi. ^r an_ to grant, alien, demise, or dispose of, the same, or any part there- nura; of, at their free wills and pleasures; and in their corporate name, shall be able and capable in law, to sue and implead, be sued may sue and and impleacted, answer and be answered, in any court of record, be sued; or elsewhere, in all causes and actions whatsoever, for, touching or concerning, such corporation, or the manufactury by them carried on as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, amJ may 'That it shall and may be lawful to and for such corporation, a capital, not when constituted, to raise a capital joint (lock, to be applied exceeding for the carrying on the said manufacture, and effecting the pur-00, 0001, poses of the said charter, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, at such times, and in such proportions, as at any general court or courts of such corporation, to be holden pursuant to the directions of this act, or of such charter, shall be directed, either by taking subserip-iions from particular persons (being or not being members of such corporation) for advancing money for that purpose, accordfng to the orders of such general courts respectively, or by calls of money from the members of the said corporation for the time being, or such other methods as the said general courts shall think expedient for making up the said capital; and that all and every person or persons, by or from whom any sub-jferiptions shall be accepted, or payment made, pursuant to any order or orders of the said general courts, towards raising the said capital stock, their executors, administrators, and assigns, shall be intitled to a share of the said capital stock, in propor- Subscribera tien to the money which they shall contribute, and to such in- intitled to a terest thereon, and also to such share of the profits and advantages share of capU attending the said capital stock, and payable at such times, and t?1*"1 propor-in such proportions, as shall be directed and agreed upon by the fJ, ^fcripdons said corporation at any of their general courts; and such sub- 9

feriber or subscribers, not being then a member or members of such corporation, upon making their several subscriptions and payments in manner herein after directed, shall be admitted, and to be and are hereby declared to be, members thereof; which said members of

vol. xxvi. i luKion!c, rpora*

114 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37; [17^4*

f subscriptions and all other subscriptions to the said capital stock Subscriptions or fund of the said corporation, shall be distinctly and separate-to be entered, jy entered in a proper book or books to be provided for that auefted. purpose, and signed by the respective person or persons making such subscriptions; and the sums subscribed shall be entered in such book or books, in words at length, and also in figures, together with the day of the month and year on which such subscriptions shall respectively be made; and all and every such subscription and subscriptions shall be made in the presence of, and attested by, one or more witness or witnesses, who shall, by order of the said directors, have the custody of the said book. The Kinz

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-

may grant foresaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty,

power to en- his heirs, and successors, by warrant under his or their lign ma-Iarge the capi- nual, from time to time, to impower such corporation to en-taL large the capital stock of such corporation, from time to time,

as the affairs of the said corporation shall require, on the like terms and conditions with the original capital.

Subscribert to V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pay a fourth That all and every person and persons who shall* subscribe any subscribSz°f ^um or ^ums money for or towards raising such capital stock* as aforesaid, shall answer and pay all such sum and sums of money, which he or they shall so subscribe, unto the directors of the said corporation for the time being, or to the cashier of the said corporation for the time being, or to such other person or persons who shall be authorized to receive the same in manner following; that is to say, one fourth part (the whole in four equal parts being divided) of every such sum so subscribed, shall be paid down at the time of making each subscription; and there-and the re- gaining three fourth parts thereof at such times, and in such

mainder at proportions, as any court or courts of directors of the said

Se^r^ors corPora^on shall think proper to call for or demand the same; shall appoint, notice of every such call or demand having been first published 10 days notice m t^ie London Gazette, ten days at lead before the day limited of every call and appointed for the making of any payment, pursuant to any to be published such call or demand: and if any person or persons, who shall in the London have so subscribed as aforesaid, do not pay down one full fourth

On^eglea of Part a^um or ^ums^or t*ieJr fabscribe, upon first payment, or at the time of his or their subscription, then every such lub-subscription to scription, without such payment, shall be utterly void and of none be void; ^effecfl; and if any person or persons, who shall have subscribed, as aforesaid> his or their executors, administrators, or assigns, payments, one having paid, in manner aforesaid, any part or parts of the sum Half of the first or sums so by him or them subscribed, shall make default in any tobe forfeited, of the subsequent payments which shall be called for or de-c# manded, in manner aforesaid, for the space of ten days after the time or times, in such notice or notices, as aforesaid, limited and appointed for the payment of such calls respectively; then, and in every such case, one moiety or half part of the first sum paid by such person or persons, on his or their respective subscription, shall be loft and forfeited to the said corpor*-

2 tien;

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37. iij

tien; and the share or interest of all and every such person ot* persons so making default of and in the capital stock of the said corporation, and the interest and profits which he or they would otherwise have been intitled to receive therefrom, shall be reduced, lessened, or proportioned, according to the money actually paid upon every such subscription respectively, after an abatement or deduction of one moiety or half part of the first payment to be forfeited as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Directors to That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, in and appoint a by such charter, to impower the court of directors of the said house in or company or corporation for the time being, and such court of o^Westmin^ directors shall and may, from time to time, fix upon and ap- iter to transaCfc point a proper place or house in or near the cities of Londo* or their business. WeslmmJhr, for the transacting the affairs and business of the said company; and that the directors in the said charter named, Directors to and their successors, or any five or more of them, shall be and and nominate be called a court of directors, and have full power and autho- au officers and rity to act as such; and that it shall and may be lawful to and servants; for the said court of directors to meet as often as they shall think necessary or proper; and they are hereby authorized and impowered to nominate and appoint such officers and servants, or other persons, as shall be any ways necessary to be employed in the management and carrying on the affairs of the said company, and from time to time to dismiss such officers and servants from their employ, and nominate and appoint new ones in their (lead or steads, or to encrease or lessen their number, as such court of directors shall from time to time think proper, and to give such orders and directions for the management of the affairs of the said corporation as they shall think proper, and are confident with the general rules and orders made by the said corporation; and to take, from time to time, any num- and to take ber of apprentices to be employed in the manufactury carried apprentices, on by the said company, upon such terms and conditions, and for such number of years, as to them shall seem meet; and to affix the common seal of the said corporation to a counter-part of the articles of agreement, or indentures of apprenticeftup, made with such apprentices respectively, their parents, guardians or other persons authorized to put out and bind such apprentices respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A general an-That there shall be one general annual court of the said cor- nual court to* poration, held on the first Wednesday in March in every year, bebeldthefiHt and as many other general courts as shall be necessary; which Wedncifday in said general courts shall be held at any house or place in the ci- elcSfng di-ties of London or Westminster, which shall be appointed by the redoru said court of directors; of which said general court, or any other general courts to be called by any court of directors of the said company, and which general courts such directors are hereby authorized to hold and call as often as such court of di-teflors shall think the same necessary, ten days notice at the

116 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37. [1764.

least shall be given in the London Gazette, and that the said general court, held on the first fffdnesday in March yearly, shall be chosen out of and from the members of the said corporation, by the majority of votes of all the members then present. Qualifications

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t directors, That no person shall be capable of being elected into or exercising the office of a director of the said corporation but under the qualification following (that is to say) that the directors of the said corporation shall severally be possessed of a share or interest in the said (lock in their own right respectively, not less than five hundred pounds capital; and that the directors shall not continue in their respective offices any longer than they shall respectively continue to be possessed of the said share and interest in the said capital stock, in his or their own name and right respectively; and that no person shall be qualified to vote at any general court, who shall not then be possessed of a share or interest in the said capital stock, to the amount of two hundred and voters, and pounds at the least in his own right; and that such person who the number of in his own right be possessea of five hundred pounds capi-bav?/ cymay tal flock, shall have two votes at such general court; and that such person who shall be possessed in his own right of one thousand pounds capital stock, shall have three votes at such general court; but no person shall have more than three votes upon any account whatsoever; and if such share or interest of any proprietor in the said capital stock shall be at any time afterwards diminished from the proportion herein before ascertained, that then the same shall be no longer a qualification for voting at any general court.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all proprietors shall (if required) before they vote at any court, take an oath in the form which shall be approved of by a general court, to be administered to them by one of the directors (who are hereby authorized and impowered to administer the same, or to direct such oath to be administered by any other person or persons in his or their presence) declaring their property, share, or interest in the capital stock of the said corporation, and the Quantum thereof, and that the same, or any part thereof, is not in trust for any other person or persons, and that no person shall be admitted to vote at any such court who shall refuse to take such oath; and all officers and servants of the said corporation shall, if required by the court of directors, before they enter on their respective offices, likewise take an oath roved b an f°nn for that purpose shall be approved by a gene-

general court; ral court of the said corporation, to be administered by the directors of the said corporation, or any one of them, for the due and faithful discharge of their respective offices; which oath such directors, or any one of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to administer, or direct the same to be administered ne^U|ct^n°rto ^y any other person or persons in his or their presence; and in t!fkcVudigoath case any such officer or servant shall refuse or neglect to take such for 10 days, oath for the space of ten days after he or they shall be chosen or

election void, gp-

Members voting, to swear to their qualifications, if required.

Officers, See. to be sworn according to the form ap-

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37. 117

appointed to any such office or offices as aforesaid, if required, such choice or appointment shall be void, and a new election or appointment made.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the court of directors of the said corporation for the time on

being shall be obliged, upon demand made to them by any ten dema>idofcer-or more members of the said corporation, who shall in the whole, tain subscrib-or together, be possessed of not less than five thousand pounds ers>

in the capital or joint stock of the said corporation, such demand being made in writing, and signed by the members demanding the same, and delivered at a court of directors to any one member of such court then present, to call a general court; and up- onrefusal, they cm such court of directors refusing, or, for the space of ten may call such days, neglecting so to do, the members demanding such court £ourt them* shall be at liberty to call and hold such general court, upon thele ves'

Hke notice as Should have been given by the said court of di-

*e6tor$; and any general court, either called by the court of di- General court

reiflors of the said corporation, or by any of the members or displace

proprietors of the said corporation, in manner aforesaid, shall director8*

have full power and authority, and are hereby fully authorized

and impowered, to remove or displace any director, for milbe-

haviour, breach of trust, or other just cause, and to ele<ft a new

director or directors in his or their (lead, in the same manner

as if he or they was or were dead, or had disqualified himself or themselves, or his or their office, trust, or employ, was in any other manner become void.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, member

That no member or members of the said corporation, or any liable to any person or persons having the conduct or direction of the said debt of the manufactory, his or their heirs, executors, or administrators, than

lands or hereditaments, goods, chattels, or effects, other than ^re in' his or their share or shares in the capital stock and effects of the the capital, said corporation, shall be liable or subject to the payment of any

debt or debts contracted by or on account of the said corporation, or the manufactory carried on by the said corporation, in any other manner than is herein after directed and provided.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- jf tj, e corpo-foresaid, That if the sum total of all the debts which the said rate debts corporation shall owe at any one time to any person or persons, ft, al* exceed bodies politick or corporate, shall exceed the value of the prin-^eapita?^ cipal or capital stock and effects of the said company or corpora- undivided, tien, which at such time shall be and remain to the said corporation undivided; or if the said corporation, by any dividend or or if they rC-dividends whatsoever, either in the name of interest, or other- duce their ca« wife, to be made amongst themselves, or in their private or per-

fonal capacities, shall reduce or lessen their joint stock, principal ^ass not^or capital, so that the value of their joint stock, principal, or fuffteient to capital shall not be sufficient to answer their just debts then re- pay their maining unpaid; in every such case the particular members of^5* the said corporation, and every of them respectively, who in Pc.rr?n8 re-their private or personal capacities shall receive any share or di- d?endby

' I 3 vidend which the ca*

pital shall be reduced, are to be pei (on-ally liable to make good such deficiency, so far as the

extend.

Members not liable to bankruptcy.

nor the effects of the company, or any member's share, liable to foreign attachment.

Shares to be

118 Anno quarto Georgii III. C.

[1764.

vidend of the capital or dock of the said corporation, by which the capital stock of the said corporation, shall be so reduced or lessened, shall be severally liable, and they are hereby made liable, so far as their respective shares so by them respectively received upon such dividend or dividends shall extend, to pay and satisfy the debts which shall remain due and unpaid by the said e.dividends company or corporation; and the person or persons, bodies pp-they shall have litick or corporate, to whom such debts shall be due and owing, received shall shall may sue for and recover the same; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by- the authority aforesaid, That no person being or becoming a member of, or subscriber to, the said corporation, for carrying on the said manufacture in pursuance of this act, shall, by means of becoming a member of, or subscriber to, or in respect of his share or interest in the capital stock of the said corporation, be, or be adjudged liable to be, a bankrupt, within the intent or meaning of all or any of the (latutesmade against or concerning bankrupts; nor shall the capital stock or eife&s of the said corporation, or the share oc interest of any particular member therein, he liable to any so-. reign attachment whatsoever; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, (r bl b t the particular (bare of every member in the capital dock

nofidU seven or ^un<^ f^d corporation; and all lands, tenements, here

years from the dlaments, and estates whatsoever, held by qt in trust for. them couftitution of or their successors shall, from time to time, be assignable, trans-the corpora- ferrable, and deviseable; but no member or members of tho cTfeofdeathor^corporation shall be at liberty to fell or assign his or their banjcruptcy. share or interest therein, till after the expiration of seven years, from the time of the constitution of the said corporation; but if such member or members shall die or become bankrupt, then the share and interest of such member or members so dying or becoming bankrupt, of and in the capital stock of the said corporation, shall and may be assigned and transferred by his or their executors or administrators, assignee or assignees, at any time within the said term of seven years, in like manner as the same might have been done had the said term of seven yeare Members been fully expired; and all the right, title, interest, claim, and tobT^personal^eman<^> each and every particular member of the said cor-

estates. poration, in or to the capital stock and effects whatsoever of the said corporation, and the gains and increase thereof, shall be, and be adjudged, taken, and accepted, ia construction of law, by all judges, and in all courts of law and justice, and in all places whatsoever, to be a personal and not a real estate, and shall go to the executors or administrators, or other legal representatives intitled to the personal estate of the person or persons dying possessed thereof, or intitled thereunto, and not to tho heirs of such person or persons; any law, Statute, usage, or cu* (lorn whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

1764] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37. 119

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Forging the That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit the seal, &c. of common seal of the said corporation, to be established in purfu- t!ic corPora-ance of this act, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, any deed, tlon* c ony# biH, bond, or obligation, under the common seal of the said corporation, or shall offer to dispose of, or pay away any such

forged, counterfeited, or altered bill, bond, or obligation, knowing the same to be such, or shall demand any money therein mentioned or pretended to be due thereon, or on any part thereof, of and from the Cud corporation, or any members, officers, or servants thereof, knowing such bill, bond, or obligation, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the said corporation, or their successors, or any other person or persons whomsoever; every person so offending, and being convicted thereof in due form of law, shall be judged guilty of felony, and shall suffer as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, jntd

That if any person or persons shall by day or night break into a (hop,

any house, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place or building, or by with intent to force enter into any house, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place or j*eal Rebuilding, with intent to (leal, cut, or destroy, any linen yam, or any linen cloth, or any manufacture of linen yarn belonging to implements toy manufactory, or the looms, tools, or implements used there- declared to be In; or shall wilfully or maliciously cut in pieces or destroy any felony.

Inch goods, either when exposed to bleach or dry; every fuen offender, being thereof lawfully convkSted, shall be judged guilty of felony, and shall suffer as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cambricks

That all cambricks and lawns, or goods of the kind usually and lawns known under either of those denominations, which from and Enff-

after the tenth day of May, now next ensuing, shall be wove or^of May° fabricated in England, or the principality of Wales, shall be ^64, to be*marked or sealed at each end of every piece with such mark or sealed at both seal, and by such officer or officers, as the of of ex- ^d*.

cife in England shall direct or appoint for that purpose.

XVII!. And, for the greater ease and convenience of the Commissioners person or persons, who shall make, weave, or fabricate any such txcl[eftuP*

cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind usually known by or pJ^JeVeal*0 under either of those denominations; be it enacted by the au- and appoint*thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officemomark commissioners of excise for the time being, or the major part the goods; of them, from time to time, upon request made to them by any such person or persons, and at the expence of such person or persons, to provide such seal or marks as to them the said of, or the major part of them, shall seem proper; and to direct or appoint one or more supervisor, or other officer or officers of the excise, of the district or division in which any such manufacture shall be carried on, to seal or mark each and every piece of such cambrick or lawn, or goods of the kind

120 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37'; [1764.

usually known under either of those denominations, which shall be made, wove, or fabricated, by such person or persons applying as aforesaid, with such seal or mark, or seals or marks, iit who are to be manner herein after mentioned and directed; and the officer or paid for mark- officers of excise who shall be so appointed to mark or seal such ing, &c. such goQjs^ shall by the fabricator, maker, weaver, or proprietor of such goods, be paid for every piece of such goods, which he or they shall mark or seal in pursuance of this act, before the same shall be cut or taken out of the loom, such sum as the commissioners of excise for the time being, or the major part of them, shall direct and appoint.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who shall weave, fabricate, or make any such cambricks or lawns, or goods of the the finishing of kind usually known by or under either of those denominations, every piece, (haj^ before the same shall be taken or cut out of the loom, give the Tiulsbetore not*ce writing, of the finishing of every or any piece or pieces*

taken out of of such goods, to such supervisor or other offiefer as aforesaid, who, before any such piece of goods shall be cut out of the loom, shall mark or seal both the ends of every such piece of goods, with such (lamp, mark, or seal, which shall be provided and appointed for that purpose, in manner aforesaid, upon pain that every person who shall weave, make, or fabricate such cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind usually known by or under those denominations, and shall cut or take any piece of such goods out of the loom, after the same shall h^ve been finished, or permit the same to be done without having fy-ft given such notice in writing, and having the ends thereof marked or sealed as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit five pounds; and the goods so cut out or the loom without such notice being given, and such marks or seals being set thereon, in manner herein before directed, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, aX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every supervisor or other officer of excise, of the didrict, in which any such manufacture of cambricks or lawns, or goods £oods °tbrthh t^ie ufua, 1y known by or under either of those denomiT with to mark nations, shall be carried on, who shall be so as aforesaid appoint-thebeginnings ed by the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, and cuds, and to mark or seal fuefi goods, upon reasonable notice given to him on each ^ece or t^iem by any person or persons who shall make, weave, or far before tikqT bricate any such goods, that any piece of such goods is finished, shall forthwith, or as soon as conveniently may be confident with other the duty and business of his office, in manner herein before directed, mark or seal both ends of every such piece of goods with such mark or seal which shall be so as aforesaid appointed and provided for that purpose, and a]so fix or set a didinct and separate number to every piece of such goods before the same shall be taken out of the loom; and also make a just and true entry in writing, in proper books to be provided for that purpgfe at the expense of the manufacturer of such goods,

of

goods before taken out of the loom.

Manufacturer.to give notice to officer of the loom*

Penalty on taking any piece out of the loom with out giving inch notice, tmd having the ends marked, 5l. and loss of the goods.

Officer, on

tiotice of the finiffiing any

put of the loom;

and to make a true entry of the numbers, lengths.

7^4.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37. 121

of the nuiriber set to each piece of such goods, and of the number of yards which each piece of such goods shall contain in

length, and also of the number of threads contained in the in the warp of

warp of each piece of such goods, upon pain that every super-each piece ©n

visor, or other officer or officers so appointed as aforesaid, who^.rfcitU1

shall, upon reasonable notice given as aforesaid of the finishing 10 '

of any piece of such goods, neglect or refuse to mark 6r seal the

beginning and end of every piece of such goods in manner

herein before directed, or to fix or set a distinct and separate

number on each piece of such goods, or to make a true and just

«ntry in manner ^aforesaid, of the number set or affixed to each

piece of such goods, and of the number of yards which each piece thereof shall contain in length, and also the number of threads contained in the warp of each piece of such goods, shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, officer* mark* That if any such supervisor, or other officer or officers of the ing cambrickt excise, who shall be so appointed to mark or seal such cambricks or lawns not or lawns, or who shall have the custody of any mark or seal J^dcinen^ which shall be so provided and appointed to mark or seal such

goods, shall therewith mark or seal any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind usually known by or under either of those denominations, which shall not have been made, wove, and fabricated in England, or the principality of Wales, or shall knowing-1. Jerking ly permit it to be done, or shall mark or seal any piece of such talcen out goods after the same shall have been taken out of the loom, Gf the loom, every such supervisor, or other officer or officers so marking or to forfeit 50l. sealing any such cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind usually and be incapa-known under either of those denominations, or wilfully or know- citated-ingly permiting the same to be done, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every piece of such goods which he or they shall so mark or seal, pr permit or suffer to be marked or sealed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, to be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by bill, plaint, or information, by any person or iperions who will inform or sue for the same'* and such supervisor, or other officer or officers, qpon being convicted of any or either of the /offences aforesaid, shall lose his or their office or offices and employments under the excise, and is and are hereby declared and rendered ever after incapable of having, using, or enjoying any office or place of trust under his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-peflors.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, penalty on That if aqy person or persons shall, by bribery, fraud, covin, bribing of, deceit, or imposition, or in any manner whatsoever prevail on fcers.

pr procure any officer or officers of the excise, or other person who shall be appointed to mark or seal any cambricks or lawns, or who shall have the custody of any seal; (lamp, or mark, provided and appointed for that purpose, in pursuance of this act, so set or affix such mark, seal, or (lamp, to any piece or pieces

of

r

itz Anno quarto Georgii III. C-37- [17^4?

of cambrick or lawn, or of goods of the kind usually known under either of those denominations, which shall not have been atftually and bona fide made, wove, or fabricated, in that part of Great Britain called England, or principality of Wales* or after the same shall have been cat or taken out or the loom, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; all and evelry such offender and offenders, and his and their aiders, abetters, and assistants (being thereof lawfully Convicted) shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and be adjudged to (land in the pillory two hours; and if any person or persons shall give, pay, or secure, or offer to give, pay, or secure, to any such officer or officers, or other person as aforesaid, any bribe, recompence, or reward, of ahy kind whatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade, or prevail on such officer or officers, or other person, to set or affix such mark, (lamp, or seal, as aforesaid, to any piece or pieces of cambrick, lawn, or other goods directed by this act to be stamped or sealed, which shall not have been actually and bona fide made, wove, and fabricated, in that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, or after the same shall have been taken out of the loom, such person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

Officers to

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesakf^ transmit to That all and every supervisor or other officer or officers of exfioners^? ex- w n manner aforesaid be appointed to mark or seal

dfeaa annual in7 cambricks, lawns, or such kind of goods, in pursuance of account of all this act, shall yearly and every year (while such officer or offigoods they cers shall have the custody of any such seal provided or appoint- shall (lamp, ^for that purpose in manner aforesaid) in the month of June* aS entries tran^n*t anc* fendt0 t^ie commissioners of excise in Lendon, a

lating thereto. full* true* and just account in writing of all and every piece and pieces of such goods, which he or they shall seal or (lamp iA purfaartce of this act; and also a true copy of all and every ert* try or entries of any kind whatsoever, which he or they shall make in any such book or books provided for that purpose, in any wise relating thereto, for or during the twelve calendar months next preceding the said month of June\ distingui filing In such accounts the several manufactureers or proprietors, if there shall be more than one such in such officer's dtflridl, wh6 shall have made or be owners of such goods, upon pain of being dismissed from his or their employ as an officer or officers of excise; and all and every such officer or officers having tht custody of any such (lamp, mark, or seal as aforesaid, his or their executors or administrators, or such other person or persons in whose custody or power the same shall fall or come by the death of such officer or officers, or m any other manner shall, upon demand or order from or by the of of Officers, ice. excise, or the major part of them, deliver up to such commis-to deliver up sioners, or such person or persons as they shall appoint to re-fcals, See. to ceive the same, all and every such seal or seals which shall have yafS- been delivered to such officer or officers, or by any other means*come

764.I Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37. 123

come or fallen into the hands, custody or power of such officer demand on a or officers, or other persons whatsoever; upon pain that any such penaltyofiool officer or officers, or other person or persons, refusing or neglecting so to do upon any such order or demand as aforesaid,

shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied in like manner with the other penalties inflicted by this act, by any person or persons who will inform or foe for the same,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cambricks

That if any cambrick or lawn, or goods of the kind usually and lawn* known by or under either of those denominations, made, wove, 1 n

or fabricated, in England, or the principality of Walts* after tKe1^ aj^, ° said tenth day of Mqy next ensuing, shall be found in any house, f0uh<l un- (hop, warehouse, room, cellar, vault, or other place, in England, stampt, may or principality of Wales, without being marked or sealed at each be seized-end of every whole and entire piece, and at one end of every remnant of such cambricks or fawns, or goods of the kind usually known by or under those denominations, all such goods shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any supervisor or other officer or officers of the customs or excise, and such supervisor or other officer or officers is and are hereby indemnified for feiayng such goods; and all such goods so seized shall and may be deposited in the customhouse warehouse, or in the ex^ cife office next to the place where the same shall be seized, and, after condemnation thereof by due course of law, shall be pub-Ifekly sold to the best bidder; and that one moiety of the produce arising by the sale thereof, after deducting the charge* and expence s attending the condemnation and sale of such goods,

shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such supervisor or other officer or Officers as aforesaid, who shall seize or sue for the same; and all Persons ex-and every person or persons who shall sell or expose to sale, or posing to sale, have in his or their custody for that purpose, any cambricks or ^ei^cuif^1 lawns, or goods of the kind usually known by or under either forsale, fucS of those denominations, made and fabricated in England, or the goods un-principality of Wales and not marked or sealed at both ends of lumped, to every entire piece, and at one end of every remnant of such for^lt20°h goods, in manner by this act directed, shall, (os every such offence, forfeit the Aim of two hundred pounds, to be recovered and divided in manner herein after directed.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Goods con-That no cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind usually demned by known by or under either of those denominations, which after v£t, JC of the said tenth day of May* one thousand seven hundred and six- won"here % ut ty four, shall be seized and condemned by virtue of this act* fold for ex-shall be conformed or worn in this kingdom, but shall be export- portation, and ed, and not fold otherwise than on condition to be exported, and the b«ver»to shall not be delivered out of the warehouse where the same shall glvc ecunty* have been secured, until sufficient security by bond, tq be approved of by the collector of the port from whence such goods

shall be exported, in the penalty of double the value of the goods

tq

1*4

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37.

to be given by the exporter thereof, that the same, and every v part thereof, shall be exported, and not relanded in any part of Great Britain.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^fdrin^he" That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times here-seal, &c. or after, forge or counterfeit any (lamp, mark, or seal, to resemble selling goods any (lamp, mark, or seal, which shall be provided or used in with a coun- pursuance of this act, or shall forge, resemble or counterfeit the SSty oHe^ impression of any such mark, (lamp, seal, upon any goods re-fonyj ° C- quired by this act to be stamped, marked, or sealed, or shall import or bring into England any foreign cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind usually known by or under either of those denominations, having any such counterfeit mark, seal, (lamp, or impression thereon, or (ell or expose to sale any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind usually known by or under either of those denominations, with such counterfeit mark, seal, (lamp, or impression thereon, knowing such damp, mark, or seal, to be counterfeited; every such person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be judged guilty of felony, and shall fufier as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, or the major part of them, at any time within two months next after the commencement of this act, to order and direct all such cam-

mencement of bricks and lawns, or goods of the kind usually known by or this act, to be under either of those denominations, which shall have been made, or begun to be made, wove, and fabricated in England or Wales, at any time before the commencement of this act, to be sealed or marked at both ends of every piece thereof with such mark or seal which shall be provided and appointed as aforesaid, notwithstanding the same shall have been taken out of the loom (proof being first made upon oath to the satisfaction of the said of, that all such goods were really and bona pde made, or begun to be made, wove and fabricated, in England or Wales, before the commencement of this act) which goods so marked or sealed, and numbered, in pursuance of such directions, shall and may be sold, disposed of, and used, in like manner as if the same had been made or wrought after the commencement of this act, and all the directions thereof fully complied with; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding; and the supervisor, or other officer or officers of the excise who shall be directed to mark or seal and number such goods, shall make the like entry of the number of yards in length, and number of threads contained in the warp of each piece of such goods, and the number set thereon, in like manner and under the like penalties as herein before directed, with respect to cambricks or lawns made after the commencement of this act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- That all such goods which shall be feizqd or condemned

it*

Cambricks or lawns made or begun in England before com-

sealed.

Seizures and

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 37. 125

in pursuance of this act, and all pecuniary penalties and forfeit-'.

tires by this act inflicted, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, ^andlppliedl

and recovered, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at WejU

minster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the

name of his Majesty's attorney general, or in the name or names

of any such supervisor or other officer or officers of the customs

or excise as aforesaid, except in such cases where it is otherwise provided by this act; and that one moiety of the clear produce

arising from the sale of all such goods, and of all the pecuniary

penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, after all charges

deducted, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the officer or officers, or such other person who, pursuant to the directions of this act, shall seize,

inform, or prosecute for the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A Capias to That upon every action, bill, plaint, or information, entered or Kfuc for the filed as aforesaid, for any pecuniary penalty imposed by this act,

a Capias in the first process shall and may issue, specifying the r proce s*

sum of the penalty sued for; and the defendant or defendants Defendants to

shall be obliged to give sufficient bail or Security by natural-born give bail.,

subjects, persons naturalized, or denizens, to the person or persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the

court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the day of the

return of such writ, to answer such suit or prosecution; and shall

likewise, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient bail or

security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, to answer

and pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for such offence or offences, in case he, she, or they shall be convicted thereof,

or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prison.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per- actions*

son or persons, for recovery of any of the pecuniary penalties iqflide<I by this act, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within twelve calendar months next after the cause of action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere 5 and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give General issuei this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to have been so done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon verdict or demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have such remedy for Treble cofb. the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, prghaHg That if any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind usually iie on the

known tiaimer.

j

13

land or Ireland.

[Publick act.]

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 38. [1764.

known by or under either of those denominations, shall be seized by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other act now in force; or if any action shall be brought by the owner or claimer of such goods, against any officer of the customs or excise, or any other person, for any thing done in pursuance of this or any other act now in force, and any doubt or question shall arise where such goods were manufactured, the proof thereof shall lie upon the owner or claimer of such goods, and not on the person who seized the lame, or against whom such action shall be brought; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act not to ex-

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing tend to Scot- in this act contained shall be extended, orconstrued, deemed, or taker!, to prevent the sale of, or lay any kind of restriction on, any linen goods whatsoever, really and bona fide made, wove, or fabricated in Scotland or Ireland; but that all such goods shall and may be lawfully fold and used in England, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be, a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for allowing further time for inrollments of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Preamble, re- XXT^ERE AS by a clause in an all of parliament passed in the citing the act*V third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Z Geo. I. /Wy?, intituled An act for explaining an act passed in the last femon of parliament, intituled An act to oblige papists to register their names and real estates, and for enlarging the time for such re-gifiering; and for securing purchases made by protestants; it was enacted, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments or any interest therein, or relit or profit thereout, Should pass, alter, or change, from any'papi/i, or person prof effing the popish religion, by any deed or wifi, except such deed, within six months after the date, and such will, within six months after the death of the tejiator, Should be inroiled in one of the King's courts of record at Westminster, or else within the same conn* ty or counties wherein the manors, lands, and tenements, lie, in such manner as therein for that purpose is particularly directed: and whereas by fiveral acts of parliament made in the tenth year of his said late Majesty's reign, and in the third, sixth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, sixteenth, and nineteenth years of the reign of his late maje-. fiy King George the Second, it was enacted, That every deed and will which had been then made since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass,

a\ter

10 Geo. II.

& 3, 6, 9l 11,2, 16, & JO

Geo. II.

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 38. 127

alter, or change> any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or relit or profit thereout, from any papifi or person prof effing the popish religion, though not then inrolled, Should Be as rood and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the time limited, by the said clause in the said first-mentioned act, for inrollment thereof, provided the said aeeds and wills Should be inrolled on or before the respective times in the said several acts respectively mentioned, in such manner as by the said first-mentioned act was directed: and whereas by another act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of16 Gtf* his late majesty King George the Second, it was enacted, That every deed and will made since the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forty six, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papifi or person prof effing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by or by reason of which deed or will any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, Should be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled wit/Xn the times limited by the said clauses in the said acts for the inrollment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills Should be inrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, in such manner as by the said clause in the said first-mentioned act is directed: and whereas by an act made in the twenty eighth year of^qco jj, the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, it was enacted,* That every deed and ivill made since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papifi or person prof effing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by or by reason of which deed or will, any protestant 0* protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolled in due time, Should be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said clauses in the said acts for the inrollment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills Should be in* rolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, in such manner as by the said clause in the said first-mentioned act h directed: and whereas by an act made in the qco#

thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the

Second, it was enacted, That every deed and will made since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fevers-teen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interefi therein, or any relit or profits thereout, from any papifi or person professing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by or by reason of which deed or will any

pro-

t^-

A

Anno quarto Georgii Ut [1764.

protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interijl whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protes -tants, though not inrolled, or not inroiled in due time, Should be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the same deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said clauses in the said acts for the inrollment thereof provided the said deeds and wills Should be inrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, in fuen manner as by the said clause in the said first-mentioned act is directed: and whereas by an act passed in the thirty third year of his said late Ma- % % Geo. II. jestys reign, it was enacted, That every deed and will made since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papifi or person prof effing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by or by reason of which deed or will any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable9 or other interefi whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protes-tants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, shall be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said clauses in the said alls for the inrollment thereof provided the Jame deeds and wills Should be inrolled on or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in Juxh manner & % Geo. III. as by the said clause in the said first-mentioned all is directed: and whereas by an all made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, it was enabled. That every deed and will made since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interefi therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papifi or person prof effing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by or by reason of which deed or will, any protestant or protestants, may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interefi whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, shall be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said clauses in the said acts for the inrollment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills Should be inrolled on or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, in such manner as by the said clause in the said first-mentioned all is directed-, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal. Further time and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the given for in- authority of the same, That every deed and will made since the rolling deeds twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and papists*tiU^i seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, Jan. 1/65. tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit

9*

iffy] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. g&

or profit thereout, from any papist or person professing the poplfh '

Sfiigion, to any protestant or protestants, or by reason of which efed or will, any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his; her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, shall be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in cate the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the fstid clauses in the said acts fof the inrollment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills shall be in-rblled on or before the first day of January, one thousand feveif hundred and sixty five, in such manner as by the said dause ifi the said first mentioned act is directed*

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex- No deed, wifi, tend, or be construed to extend, to make good any such deed, will, or lease, already made and not inrolled* of the want of in- whereof ad^ rollment whereof advantage shall have been taken on or be- vantage has fore the first day erf January, one thousand seven hundred and been taken of sixty four, but every such deed, will, or lease, shall remain of the non-in-such force and effect only, as the same would have had if this thereof before aft had never been made, and of none other force and effect* x jan. 176*.

III. And whereas many purchases made by protestants, may be in danger of being impeached or called m question, in regard that some deeds or wills, through which the title thereto is derived, ought to have been inroned according to the said acts, but have not been so inrolled; be It therefore further enacted Purchases by the authority aforesaid, That no purchase made for full and m*dc Valuable consideration of any manors, messuages, lands, tene- ftfan*dS>odf if tnefits, or hereditaments, or of any interest therein, by any pro- no advantage testant or protestants, and merely and only for the benefit of the has been taken protestants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reason fornon inrott-that any deed or will through which the title thereto is derived, "S* hath not been inrolled as required by the said acts, so as no advantage was taken of inrollment thereof, before such purchase was made, and so as no decree or judgment have been obtained for want of the inrollment of such deeds or wills.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex- No mat, tend, or be construed to extend, to make good any grant, lease, l«lef or morN or mortgage, of the advowson, or right of presentation, colla- f^vowlbn1 or tien, nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, n'ght of pVe. Or ecclesiastical living, school, hospital, or donative, or any fcntatioiito a avoidance thereof, made by any papist or person professing the bring. See. popish religion, in tnift, > directly or indirectly, mediately or im- m troft

mediately, by or for any such papist or person professing the j^tobehere-poptfh religion, whether such trust hath been dedaredby writ- by deemed tng or not, good.

Vol. XXVI K

13o Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39; [1764.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to explain, amend, and render more^ effectuat, /w* several acts of parliament,* second and third

years of his present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and other places therein mentioned, and for preventing annoyances therein \ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS an act was made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, clean-r sing, and lighting, the Squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Wtfbmnjler, the parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bbomfbwry, that part of the parish of Saint Andrew's Holbourn which lies in the county of Middlesex, the several liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the dutchy of Loncofler which lies in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein; and for other purposes therein mentioned: and whereas another act was made in the last session of parliament, to explain, amend, and render, more effectual, the last mentioned act: and whereas the commissioners for putting the said two several acts in execution, have made font* further progress in the trusts thereby rep fed in them, but find that both the said acts are defective with respect to same of the powers thereby given5 nor can the said acts be effectdalty peat in execution, fa as to answer the good purposes thereby intended, unless some new powers are granted, and the find acts, in other respects, amended, and made more effectual $ may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent raa-jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ajTem-Where a suffi- bled, and by the authority of the same, That if at any time Qt ?fntiZuK rimes, from ant* a^cr the Puffing of this act, it shall happen* eri^iali not" that there shall not appear at any meeting which shall be appointed to be had or held by the said cotiunmiosiers, a sufficien* number of of, as provided for by the said recited acts, to act at such meeting, and to adjourn to ahother day, that then, in such case, it mall and may be lawful to and for the clerk summon ano- to the said of for the time being, and he is hereby squired to fommon the said of to meet at the place roons is to be where the last meeting was appointed to be held, within six days next after the day on which such last meeting was appointed Im be held; such summons to be in writing, and figaed by the cler^ and to be delivered at the usual or last place of abode of the said of, at least four days before such next meetings and, in.case the said clerk shall happen todie before such summons if-or neglecting, sued, or shall neglect to issue such summons in manner afore-is to summon tbcn the treasurer to the said of for the time such meeting. being ftall and may>and hc» hereby required to issue such summons in manner aforesaid,

H. And

meet to act and adjourn.

Clerk is to

delivered days before, at the commissionei houses. Clerk dying,

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39. 131

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Powers and

all and every the powers, authorities, directions, provisions, re- parent and gulations, dauses, matters, and things whatsoever, contained former aa8, in the said recited former acts, and this act, or either of them, extended toal! shall extend to all places, not thoroughfares, within the said places com-parishes, precincts, and places, comprized in the said former tb* -

acts, in such and the same manner as they already extend, or arela

hereby intended to extend, to places which are thoroughfares, as effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the respective powers, authorities, directions, provisions, regulations, dauses, matters, and things, in the said acts, or either of them, contained, vrere herein repeated and specially enacted.

III. And whereas by the said act of the second year of his Clause in ad present Majesty, the commissioners for putting the said act in »9^oIII-rc* execution, are directed to cause the works done, under the au- port*!^ be*" thority of the said act, to be inspected by their surveyor or fur- made by the \eyors, or other person or persons appointed by them for that surveyor, of purpose, who are to report to the of, in case the said non-per-works shall not be performed according to the true sense of the conSift* be* contract or contracts entered into for that purpose, before the fore the com-iaid of can cause the person or persons, so contract- missioners ing, to be sued for nonperformance of their contract, which me- bring an ac-thod has been found inconvenient 5 wherefore, be it further en- f^e

acted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said act

as requires and directs a report to be made by the surveyor or surveyors, or other person or persons appointed by the commissioners for that purpose, before any action shall be brought against any person so contracting, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Receivers, or That it shall and may be lawful for the receiver or receivers of oth5r

the rates, or assessments appointed or to be appointed by the said a^e con^f-commissioners, or any or either of such receiver or receivers, or sioners are to for any other person or persons authorized by the said commis- be allowed to sioners, or any three or more of them, at all convenient times inspect and (first having an order under the hands of the said commission- ^traSs* ers, or any three or more of them, for that purpose, to inspect from the the books or rates made for raising money for the relief and books of noon maintenance of the poor of all or any of the parishes or placesn comprehended within the said recited acts, or either of them, in order to ascertain the rates and assessmentsto be raised by vir- [n order to af-tue of this and the said two recited acts, and also to take copies certain the thereof, or make extracts therefrom, and likewise to inspect and asseflVnenu to take copies of, or extracts out of or from, any book or books kept by any parish officer or officers, or other officer or officers appointed by authority of parliament, within the cities of Lon-or or county of Middlesex, for the paving, clean-

ing, or lighting, any square, iireet, lane, place, or ffiftnCfc, io UtdoHy Westminster, or Middlesex5 which inspection, copies, and extracts, the vestry clerk or vestry clerks, or other officer or officers of the respective parishes and places, or other officer or

K 2 officers,

iji Anno quarto GEORGII III. c.

[1764.

; officers, person or persons, havirtg the custody of such book an

fate books and rates, are hereby required to permit and fusse* to be made, without fee or reward, by such receiver or receiv- ers, or other person or persons Appointed as aforesaid, on their

producing an order under the hands of the said of^ Penalty of or any three or more of them, for that purpose; and in case any ftichretufal. such vestry clerk, or other such officer or officers, or person or persons, mall neglect or refuse so to do, within three days after such order shall be produced and shewn to him or them, or a copy thereof left at his or their last or most usual place of abode, then, and in every such case, he or they so refusing or neglecting, shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; for the second offenefe, the sum of forty shillings; and for the third, and every other offence, the sum of three pounds. Commissioners V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That allowed to it (half and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any^more them, from time to time, and at all times Ereach of" hereafter, to compound and agree with any person or persons central. against whom the said of, or any five or more of them, shall brin£ or cause to be brought any action or actions, suit or suits, for any penalty or penalties, contained in any com-tract or contracts already entered into, or hereafter to be entered into, on account of any breach or nonperformance of any lbch contract or contracts, for such sum or sums of money as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper, so as the Aim so compounded and agreed for, be not less than the injury or damage fuftairted by the breach or nonperformance of any fuen contract or contracts, and all the costs, charges, and expences* 'Which shall be occasioned thereby.

VI. And, for the more effectual and proportional rating dead

walls, void spaces of ground, and other buildings and erections Beadwalls, belonging to any land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, void spaces of or other tenement; be it further enacted, That it shall and may ftAldlnw^c. be lawful to and for the said of, or any five or more belonging to*Of them, and they are hereby required, when and at such time any such land, and times as the rates and assessments hereby and in thersaid r*-house, cited aChs, or either of them, are directed to be made; to rate rated ^daf- assess all such dead walls, void spaces of ground, and other idled. buildings-and erections, belonging to any such land, house, (hop,

warehouse^ cellar, vault, or other tenement, situate, (landing, lying, and being within the said parishes and places, comprehended within the said recited acts, or this act, or either of them,

at a rate not exceeding six pence for every square yard, belonging to such dead wall, void space of ground, building, or other erection, over and above what such land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement, to wbfch such dead wall, void space of ground, building, or erection belongs, shall, by virtue of the said recited acts, or this present act, or either of them, be rated at the said rates or assessihents, to be laid, ife- ccived, recovered, and applied, in such manner as Other rates

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39. 135

the squares, streets, lanes, courts, alleys, yards, passages, or Purveyor, of places, which shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this or the uk, n5 UP the said two recited acts, shall be taken up by any person or ^cn^for the persons, for the purpose of making, repairing, or altering, any purpose of vauh or drain, or for any other purpose whatsoever j the person making, re-or persons so taking up such pavement or pavements, shall im- P*'.r, n8> or mediately give notice thereof to the surveyor or surveyors em- or drain, ployed by the commissioners for putting this and the said recited aAs in execution, in order that the same may, with all conveni- in order that ent speed, be laid down and repaired, under the inspection of the m*lr

laid surveyor or surveyors; and the charges' and expences there- <1^5, infoeo-of shall hie paid by the said of, and they shall be re- tien. imbursed the same by the person or persons, companies of wa- Commissioners ter-works, or of of sewers, who shall take up, ort0 P*V cause or procure to be taken up, the said pavement or pavements, {h^re* be or any part or parts thereof; and in case such person or persons, reimbursed by companies of water-works, or of of sewers respect the persons tively, shall neglect or refuse to pay what the said of taking up such shall have so paid and disbursed, within ten days next after no- £nVthe?neg-tice thereof, to be left, by the receiver or receivers appointed, or |ea or refaS, to be appointed, by the said of, at the d welling-house, after due no-or last place of abode of such person or persons, or of the fecre-tiee Kiven» taiy or secretaries, clerk or clerks, of such companies of waterworks, or of of sewers respectively; which notice shall be in writing, and signed by the clerk to the commissioners for putting this and the said recited adb into execution, by order of the said of, or any three or more of them, and annexed to the bill containing an account of the expence of such repair; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last mentioned of, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to bring, or cause an aaion may to be brought, any action or actions, in the name or names of be brought for their treasurer or treasurers for the time being, for the recovery j||* ^eai^erb of such sum or sums of money as they shall have so expended, urer

for the relaying and repairing such pavement or pavements taken up in manner aforesaid; and in case such person or persons hereby directed to give such notice to the surveyor or surveyors, as Pfndty of not is before directed, shall neglect so to do, for the space of twenty J^dce ofdie four hours after such pavement or pavemetns be so taken up, taking up such such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pavements, pay the sum of twenty shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as there shall be occasion, after the passing of j^ak^new W this act, to make new, or additional, or repair, or alter, any of grates, or to the old grates belonging to the commissioners of sewers, in any repair or alter of the squares, streets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, oW on the or places, which have been, or shall be, begun to be paved by virtue of this and the said two former adb, the same shall be to pay the ex-made new, repaired, or altered, at the expence of the said com- pence; missioners of sewers} and the lame, when so made new, repair- and tb5j5"*? ed, or altered, shall be laid down in such places, and at such Jj^jj

K4 distance

surveyor* un-4^r this act shall direct. If the com-jniflionera of fevers neg-lea, Sep.' the commis-£oners under this act may

W fewer*.

v

136 Ajinb quarto Georgii III. c. 39. f 1764.

distance from each other, and in such manner and form* as shall be directed by the surveyor or surveyors to the commissioner* appointed by the said recited acts, or either of them, at the e*» pence of the said of of sewers; and in case the said of of sewers shall negjed or fefufe so to do, for the space of ten days next after notice give;), or left with their cler^ or clerks {qx the time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of appointed by the said recited acts, or ordert^ei^meany three or more of them* or their fgrveyor or surveyors. Up t^d ^the nC> 8rate or gra^e? as shall h geepflary to be made new9

lobereim- rcPairec*> altered, aftd laid down, to be so made new, repaired, burled by the altered, and laid down; the expence whereof shall ho reimbujcr pommissioneif fed and paid by the said of of sewers,

Clllf And whereas several gf the streets, lanes, and other places, comprehended within the said two recited acts, or this pdt, or either of them, are in some parts thereof very narrow, and are greatly gbftrgded and made dangerous to foot passengers, by steps being brought out from feversd houses into the streets; steps, and doors, going down into cellars, vaults, and other places, belonging to such houses; and by shew-glasses, (hewr boards, or other matters or things projeding from mops of houses, over and beyond the area belonging to fuph houses, of into the foot ways i be it therefore enacted by the authority a-

f!ommission- forefty. That fyojn and after thepaflingot this act, alwuch soVcmovc^nd $ePs projecting into the foot ways of the streets, all steps, and alter all steps doors, going down* gut of the foot ways into any cellars, vaults, projecting into or other places, belonging to any house, (hop, warehouse, of the toot ways, jpnement, as likewise all (hew-glasses, or (hew-boards, projecr doorian oin over anc* beyond the areas, or into the foot ways $ and a]l

down out ot* and every other material, matter, or thing, belonging to any thi foot* ways, houses, warehouses, (hops, cellars, or other buildings, which into cellars, gause or occasion any nuisance, annoyance, incroachiqent, of o^ruSion, ji> any of the squares, (Irects, lanes, ppurts, alleys, matt?is, Crca«r- yards> Por other places (either in the foot or carriage ingan ob- w^ys thereof) which shall be begun to be paved by virtue of strudion or t^iis and the said two forqner acts, shall be, at the expence of thp

TheconT* said of, removed, fixed, placed, pr altered, in such e common mann^j. fori^ ag^approved of by the said commissioners, pr jiny fivp of more of them, or their surveyor or surveyors by their dirediqn.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any fioje or times hereafter, obstruct, hinejer, pr molest, any surveyor or surveyors, or

plages.

Penalty of ob-.struding any Officer, or o' 'Vher person. in

the execution other officer or o&icers, person or persons wh^tfgever, who arp bfhis duty. shall be employed so ppt this ar>d the said two former acts* or either of th?m, in execution, in the performance or execution of their dnty; every such person and persons (b offending shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the thjrd and every other offence, {he sum of three pounds, b* 7'XV. An£

1*764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39. 137

XV. And whereas all that part of a certain street or plac$ called Swallow Street (which is situate in the two several parishe* of Saint James and Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of Westminster; and extends from the west end of a publick way or passage called Major Foubert's passage, in the said parish of Saint James; and from the east end of Conduit Street in the

parish of Saint George Hanover Square, northwards, to a certain street, or place called Oxford Road) hath for several year* past been, and still is, in all respects compleatly paved as 3 street, with houses of habitation, and other buildings regularly erected and built on each side thereof: and whereas the said part of SwaUow Street above described, was not a street (at the time of passing an act of parliament in the second year of the reigns of the late King William and Queen Mary, made (amongst other things) for paving and cleansing the streets in the cities of Lon- den, Westminster, and suburbs and liberties thereof) but was then, and for several years after, used as a common graveled lane or highway, not built upon as a street, and was called Marybone Lane \ and therefore same doubts have lately arisen, whether the said part of Swallow Street above described, is or is not now a street within the meaning of the said last mentioned act of parliament, with respect to the paving thereof, and keeping the jTame in repair: for the obviating of which doubts, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said part of Swallow The whole of Street herein before described, shall at all times hereafter be. Swallow Street and be deemed and taken to be, a publick street, and part ofbov* describ-SwaUow Street aforesaid, to all intents, constructions, and pur- tobeapSick poses whatsoever, and within the meaning of the said act of par- street, P 4 liament, made in the said second year of the reign of King William and to be and Queen Mary; any thing in this or in any former act or within the aSts oTparliament contained, or any other law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. # W. & M.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, ersTmpoiw-.may, and they are hereby impowered to make, or cause to be ed, with con" made, any passage or callages, through any square or place with- sept of the*In the parishes and places comprized in the said recited adb or proprietors, phis present act, with the consent of the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, and at the expence of such owner or any new owners, proprietor or proprietors thereofj and if any such new passages, passage or passages shall be made, the said commifnoners may and to pave, pave, repair, cleanse, and light the same, in like manner, and ^Stlhcfeme, under the same powers, provisions, rules, regulations, and au-shorities, as is herein and in the said two several recited adb provided, in respect of the squares, streets, lanes, courts, alleys, yards, passages, and places before mentioned.

XVII. Provided always, That no part of the monies that No port of the fliaD be given by parliament for the purposes of this and the said J.0*8

two Recited adb, nor any part of the monies that shall be raised by the rates to be made and levied by virtue of this and the said ed by the fyo {ecited ^dts, shall be applied to the purpose of purejjafing rates^tobe

the tpp"w*u

purchasing houses or

Sound for tabove purpose.

In order to make a new passage, or open the old one, at the Devil's cap near Long Acre,

the coramif-

purpose:

And where

138 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39. [1764.

the said lands or houses, or either of them, or the ground or foil thereof.

XVIII. And whereas by the said recited act of the second

Jear of his present Majesty, power is given to the said commis-oners, or any seven or more of them, to make a new passage, or widen the old one, from Drury Lane into Great Sheeen Street, in the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middlesee, at or near a certain place called The Devih Cap. and near adjoining to the east end of Long Acre, in manner, and upon the terms and conditions, in the said act mentioned; be it there-, <UIU, ^orc farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon pav-sioners* arc im- ment of such sum or sums of money as shall be agreed to oe powered, upon paid for the premisses mentioned in the said first recited act, or shall bc^rced ^uc*1 P*1* thereof as shall be necessary to be purchased for that on being paid, purpose; or if no agreement or contract shall be made, then or satisfaction' upon making satisfaction, in manner herein after mentioned, made to the to the owners of, and persons interested in, such premisses, it SeCdown an(* m*J h* lawful to and for the said of, or

such houses as any seven or more of them, to take down, or cause or procure shall be necef- to be taker! down, all such house or houses, with the appurte-lary for that nances, on the south side of the said cap. or any part or parts of all of such of the said houses as shall be necessary for the purpose (not exceeding in the whole fix such houses) and to cause the materials thereof to be removed and taken away.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tomSkdS11* ^hat if any body politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporation ibch hinds and aSSrc5a^e or foie, feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, houses, guardians, committees, or other trustees, or any other person or persons whomsoever, in any wise interested in any such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, upon ten days notice to them given or left in writing at the dwelling-house or houses, place or places of abode, of such person or persons, or of the head officer or officers of such body politick, corporate, or collegiate, aggregate or foie, or at the house of the tenant in possession of such lands, tenements, houses, build-Shalt refuse to ings, grounds, and hereditaments, shall neglect orrefufe to treat, treat or agree or shall not agree for the sale of any such lands, tenements, l?e houses, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, or any part or parts thereof, or for their interest therein, or, by reason of absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating as afore-fzid; then, and in any such case, the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained, by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men of the county of Middlesex (which oath the said of, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) what damages will be fu-stained by, and what recompence and satisfaction shall be made pence is to be to> owners, occupiers, proprietors, or other person or persons fcertaiaed by interested for such lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, and hereditaments, or any part or parts thereof, which the said of shall want to purchase: and in order thereunto,

the

for the fal thereof*.

Hie damage and recom

a jury.

Annos quarto Georgii III. c. 39. 13$

and assessments are directed to be laid, received, recovered, and applied, by the said /ormer acts, or this a ct, or either of them,

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Charges of That when any defective or bad pavement shall be mended, al- altering or r«-tered, or repaired, by the order or direction of the said commis- ^ve^bad* sioners, or any three or more of them, by virtue of the powers pavements, to given by the act passed in the third year of his present Majesty's be paid by the reign; the charges and expences thereof shall be reimbursed tenan* or and paid by the tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of cu*r» the respective lands, housep, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults* or other tenements, to which such pavements shall adjoin, appertain, or belong; and such tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, are and shall be liable to pay the whole of such charges and expences; and in case such tenant or tenants, and if not paid occupier or occupiers, shall not within ten days after the same after ^uc no" shall be demanded, by a notice thereof in writing given to him, giycu* her, or them, or left at his, her, or their lad or most usual place of abode, pay or cause to be paid, the said charges and expences to the said of, or any three or more of them, or to such person or persons as they mall appoint to receive the same (which said notice shall be in writing, and signed by the clerk to the commissioners for the time being, by order or the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, and annexed to the bill containing an account of the expence of such repairs) a*y justice* it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons so to be ap- ^c.^upon^ pointed by the said of to receive the same, to make complaint complaint thereof to any one or more justice or justices of the thereof, may peace for the county or place where nich person or persons so »ffue h« war-refusing or neglecting shall be and reside; and such justice or justices may, and is and are hereby authorized and required to feeder bcfgr* issue a warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and him; seals, to cause the party or parties to be brought before him or them, and upon the party or parties appearing, or not being to '

be found after due enquiry, and proof thereof by the oath of the party making such enquiry (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) to hear and determine the matter in a summary way; and if upon the cpnfeflion of the party or parties, or by the oath of one or tpotp credible witness or witnesses (which oath such justice or justices is aitfl are hereby impowered and required to administer) and may after-It shall appear to such justice or justices, that such charges and wards levy tl*e expences have bpen incurred by the said of, and not j^id or satisfied by the party or parties as aforesaid, then such and justice or justices may, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to issue a warrant or warrants under his and aheir hand and seal, or hands and seals, for the levying the same, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such party or parties; and if after full payment thereof, together with all charges attending such distress and sale, there dull be an over

K3 plus.

r

pavements in repair not altered by this

aft.

Defective or bad pave-

134 Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39. [1764.

phis, then the same shall be paid to the owner or owners of such n goods and chattels, upon demand.

tvseen land-

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall lord and te- be deemed or taken to make void any contract, covenant, or a-nant concern- greement, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the keeping in repair such pavement.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any defective or bad pavement adjoining or belonging to any land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement, or to any part or parts thereof, which shall then be untenacted or unoccupied, shall, by the direction of the said eotn- inzto lands or or any three or more of them, be mended, altered,

houics, &c. or repaired, then, and in every such case, the expence of mend-jintcnanted, to ing, repairing, or altering such pavement shall be paid by the be repaired by 0Wner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such land, house, honers^Tthe P» warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement respectively; expence of the and in case of non-payment thereof within ten days next after owners; notice in writing, to be signed by the clerk to the said commis-dif not sioners for the time being, by order of the said of,

notice given* or an? t^irec or more given or left at the last or mod

g*usual place of abode of such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or of the known agent or agents, steward or Rewards, to such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, to pay the same; and in case such respective place of abode shall not be known, and, upon inquiry, not to be found, such inquiry to be verified upon oath before one or more justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby authorized to administer the same to the person or persons making such inquiry, then, within ten days next after notice in writing, signed as aforesaid, shall be affixed on same conspicuous part of such land, house, (hop, warehouse, the treasurer cellar, vault, or other tenement respectively; in every such cafev JtH t^lc of, or any three or more of them, shall and may, if they shall think proper, bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the name of their treasurer for the time being, against any such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, for the money at any time so due; in which action or actions no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than on# imparlance, shall be allowed.

Penalty of

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons running, drir- shall, for the future, run, drive, draw, or cause to be run, any wheel, ^riven> or drawn» on any of the foot pavements of any of the (ledge, wheel-(aid squares, streets, lanes, courts, alleys, yards, passages, or places, which shall be begun to be paved by virtue of the said former acts. or either of them, or of this act, any wheel or wheels, (ledge, wheel-barrow, or any carriage whatsoever, such pavements, person or persons shall forfeit, for the first offence, the sum of ten shillings; for the second offence, the sum of twenty shillings 5 and for the tjiird and every other offence, the sum of forty shillings.

Notice to be

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

nimissioners when and often as any part of the pavements of any of 6 the

action for the lame.

barrow, or other carriage, on any of the foot

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39;39

the said of, or any seven or more of them, are here- And the cora-by impowered and required, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, to summon and call before the said jury, and ex- fJ^Smon a ju-amine upon oath, all persons whatsoever, who shall be thought ry accarding-necessary or proper to be examined as witnesses touching or con- ly» and exa-; cerning the premisses (which oath the said of, ormine^nefl^ any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required "

to administer) and if any of the parties interested shall request mSfe* the same, or the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall think it necessary, shall also cause the said jury to view the place or places in question, and shall use all other lawful ways and means as well for their own, as for the said jury's better information in the premisses, in such manner as they the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit: and after the said jury shall have so inquired of, ascertained, and toadjudgt aftd settled, such damage and recompence, they the said com- the sum affect. inissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall thereupon order and adjudge the turn or sums of money so assessed by the said a jury for such purchases as aforesaid, to be paid to the persons interested in such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, or any part or parts thereof, according to the verdict or inquisition of the said jury; which said verdict or in- The verdict of quisition, and the order or adjudication so had and made, shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes against all par- ^made" to ties or persons whatsoever, claiming in possession, reversion, re- befoul 1*mainder, or otherwise, their heirs, executors, or administrators, and successors respectively, as well absent as present, infants, femes covert, lunaticks, idiots, and persons under any other disability whatsoever, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, aggregate or foie, as well as other person or persons whomsoever; and all and the par-and every such owners, occupiers, and proprietors, and all and ties to be di-every person and persons in any wise interested in such lands, te-

nements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, or any part or parts thereof so purchased as aforesaid, shall thereby be, from and after the money so contracted and agreed for, or so assessed and adjudged for such purchases as aforesaid, shall be paid, tendered, or left as herein directed, to all intents and purposes diverted of all right, claim, interest, or property, of, in, to, or out of, the same; and the said of, or any seven wh; cj, may or more of them, shall have full power, by virtue of this act, fold and con-by deed indented and inrolled, within three months after the veyed by the making thereof, in some of his Majesty's courts of record at commission-Westminster, to grant, bargain, fell, and convey such lands, te-tTt* nements, buildings, houses, grounds* or hereditaments, or such parts thereof as shall be purchased as aforesaid, to such person or persons, and their heirs and assigns, as the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall nominate and appoint, in trust for in trust for the said of and their successors, for thethe pw'pose? purposes of the said recited acts, and of this act, or either of S^andtiit1 them; which said grant, bargain, sale, and conveyance, shall mated aft*, be good and available in the law to such person or persons, and

their

If the Aims awarded shall not be duly paid, See.

the said verdict and ad*judication to be void.

Commission-era irn powered to issue their warrant to the sheriff for summoning a

*Vr»

Sheriff to return a jury accordingly;

and in default of a fufifcient number ap-

Itandet-by may be returned.

Jury may be challenged.

Power given to' the comm iHioners to fine the sheriff,

his agents, and fury.

and pe^fons fommoned to pve evidence,

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39. [1764.

their heirs, in trust as aforesaid, against all persons whomsoever, their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, whether under abilities or disabilities as aforesaid, or in any wise interested in, or claiming, any estate, right, title, or interest, in such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments* and every part or parts thereof so purchased as aforesaid-

XX. Provided always, That in case the said sum or fun*s so assessed by the said jury, and ordered and adjudged by the said of to be paid, as a satisfaction to the owners, incumbrancers, occupiers or others, for their respective interests in the said premisses, shall not be paid, tendered, or left, as herein mentioned, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, within one calendar month after the same shall have been so assessed, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in such case, the verdict of the said jury, and order and adjudication of the said of, shall not be binding upon the said parties; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and for the Summoning and returning of such jury or juries, the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered, from time to time, to issue their warrant or warrants to the sheriff of the said county, thereby requiring him to impanel, fiunmon, and return, an indifferent Jury of twenty four pprfoqs, tp appear before the said of, or any five oy mpre of them, at such tim^ and place as in such warrant (Jiall be appointed; of which time and place all parties interestr ed shall have ten days notice given or left in manner herein laflt before-mentioned; and the said sheriff, or his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such twenty four persons accordingly; and out of the persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such summons, the said of, or any five or more of them, shall causetp be sworn twelve, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforer said; and for default of a sufficient number of jurymen, the said sheriff, or his deputy or deputies, shall return so many of the standers-by as shall be necessary to make up the number of twelve, to serve on such jury.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid), That all persons concerned shall, from tiipe to time, have their lawful challenges (but not to challenge thp array of the panej) against any of the said jurymen, whpn they come to be sworn; and the said of, t>r any feVqi or more of them, acSling in the premisses, shall have power, from time to time, tQ impose any reasonable fine or fines of such sheriff, his deputy Qr deputies, bailiffs, or agents* making dpfault in the premisses $ and on an^ of the persons that shall be fumiqoned and returned on such jury, and shall pot appear, or refuse to be sworn on the said jury, or to give their verdict, qr in any msumer wilfully neglecting their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; and on any of the persons who- being required togjvc evidence touching

1764.] Anno quarter Georgii III. c. 39.^14*

the premisses, shall refuse to be examined or to give evidence; making de-and, from time to time, to levy such fine or fines in such man-u1t in the ner as any penalties in the said recited acts are directed to be le- K^tatioir of vied and recovered, so as that no such fine shall exceed the sum such fines, of ten pounds upon any one person for any one offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, llw^1SeS That in case such person or persons, to whom such sum or sums consideration of money shall be so assessed or due as aforesaid, ^cannot be found, money (halt be dr if by reason of disputes depending in any court of law or awarded can-equity, or for defeat of evidence, or otherwise, it shall not ap-not pear to the said of what person or persons is or are dSfrmtem intituled 5 or if any mortgagee or mortgagees shall refuse to law, or defect take in his, her, or their mortgage money due on the premisses, of evidence, after notice given to him, her, or them, for that purpose j then, or mortgagees and in all and every such case and cases, it shall and may be th wrt^ lawful to and for the said of, or any seven or more gage money* of them, to oi*der the sum or sums so assessed and awarded, as.f -aforesaid, or as shall be due on such mortgage, to be paid into be"

the bank of England, in the name of the treasurer to the said paid into the commissioners for the time being, and of any five or more of oank, for the the said of, for the use of the parties interested inufc<?f* the said premisses, to be paid to them, and every of them, ac- partic#f cording to their respective estates and interests in the said premisses, as the said of, or any five or more of them,

shall, by any order to be made by them, direct.

XXIII. And whereas several noblemen, gentlemen, and others, residing near and passing through the said cap. have, by voluntary subscription among themselves, agreed to raise a considerable sum of money towards purchasing the said houses and ground, but it may so happen that the said fund may not be quite sufficient to pay the purchase-money 5 and in order to compleat the said design, other persons may be induced to lend and advance money towards the said purchase: and whereas by reason of such purchases as aforesaid, the of may be possessed of one or more house or houses, or some piece or parcel of ground, over and above what may be necessary for the Cornmirtlorr-opening and widening the said cap; be it therefore further en- «r* may let or fi&ed. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com- and U<ld matet dnissioners, or any three or more of them, to let, fell, or dif- rids, °or the C" pOfe of such house or houses, or such piece or parcel of around, ground so either together, or separately and in pareels, as they shall think purchased, most advantageous and convenient, to such person or persons as which &all be shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same j and to^u - design and lay out in what manner the houses to* be built there- their*purpose 5. on mall be erected and built, and of what breadth and extent and lay out the said street or cap. so intended to be widened* shall be; and t^m*11*? alfiy to sell and dispose of the materials of such house or houses thercoifi« as the said of shall purchase and cause to be pulled and the down as aforesaid; and apply the money arising by such sale as breadth and aforesaid, to reimburse and pay the person and persons who of* fiuii hwt advanced any sum or sums of money, over and be- a^d apply the

£dcs money anting

142 Anno quarto Georoh III. c. 3f.

[1764.

by the £ale to tides the money raised by such voluntary subscription as afore-the contribu-

Ich of the

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

powers* kc. That such of the powers, provisions, and authorities, contain-

granted by the ed in the said former acts, or either of them, as are varied or

former act, as altered by this act, shall be, and the same are hereby declared altered by tQ^r aled>

XXV. And whereas by an act made in the Sixth year of the Claafes m aft his majesty King George the First, for preventing the

t' Geo. I, carriage of excessive loads of meal, malt, bricks, and coals, within ten miles of London and Westminster, it is provided. That no person shall carry, at one load, within the faijd limits, in any waggon or cart having the wheels thereof (hod or bound with, tire or (breaks of iron, more than one chaldron of coals: and whereas by an act made in the third year of the reign of his 3 Geo. II. late msyefty King George the Second, for the better regulation of the coal trade, provision is made for infliding a penalty on all persons who shall foil any quantity of coals as and for pool measure including the ingrain, and shall not deliver to the buyer of such coals the full quantity of coals so fold, as the same were measured from on shipboard, together with the ingrain*thereof: and whereas by an act made in the nineteenth year and 19ueo.ll. Df the of his said majesty King George the Second, for preventing frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, it is declared, That all agreements for coals to be delivered within the limits aforesaid, directly from any lighter or other craft, to the container, not being aless quantity than five chaldrons, shall he deemed and understood to be for pool measure, including the ingrain of one chaldron for every twenty chaldrons: and whereas many persons have, to their great prejudice, (offered the penalty infiided by the said act made in the sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, by carrying the ingrain belonging to each chaldron in the same cart with the coals: therefore, for preventing such hardships for the future, be it further Any quantity enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the paf-of coal*, not £ng of this act, it shall be lawful for any person or persons to carry at one load, within the limits described by the said act of c ron> the sixth of King George the First, in any waggon or cart, any quantity of coals not exceeding the quantity of one chaldron, with the in- and the ingrain thereunto belonging, after the rate of one chal-8rai?r.:* dron in every twqity chaldrons, without being liable to aoy pe-fiad, without naltY ^or the fame» a°y thing in the said act of the sixth year being liable to of the reign of his said majesty King George the First, or any any penalty, other act or acts, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Recovery and

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, application of That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed (the man-

penalriet.

ner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of son^e justice of the peace for the find county of

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 39; .143

of Middlesex, or the city or liberty of Westminster, as the case tnay be; which warrant such justice is heres, impowered and required to grant, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath (which oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer) and the penalties and forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the overplus, if any be, upon demand to the party or parties whose goods and cnattels mail be so distrained and fold (the charges of such distress and sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the treasurer to the said of for the time being, and be applied towards the purposes of the said former acts, and this act; and in case sufficient distress cannot be found, and such penalties or forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall and may be lawful for Inch justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and feat, to commit such offender or offenders to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding two months.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Proceeding! That no proceeding to be had touching the conviction of any touc^j2* offender or offenders against this act, or any order made, or oftnder^1 not Other matter or thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to to be quaflted the execution of this act, shall be vacated or quashed for want for want of of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or pro- form> °£* cess whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of reconi at ^trtwran* W*ftmmfttr\ any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

xxviii. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Limitation of said. That no action or suit shall be commenced against any actiont*. person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act,

Uhtil eight dear days notice shall be thereof given in writkrc to the cleric or treasurer to the said of, or after sufficient satisfaction, or tender thereof, hath been made to the party or1 parties aggrieved, or after six calendar months next after the fact committed, for which such action or actions, suit or suit$9 shall be so brought; and every such action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the county orplace where such matters and things tefpcdtively shall be committed or done, and not in any other county or place; and that the defendant or defendants in such actions and suits, and every of them, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, atGeneraIli< any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon, and that thfe matter or thing for which such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such action or suit was brought before eight dear days notice thereof given as aforesaid*

Or that sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, pr if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other wunty or place than as aforesaid, then the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants therein*and if a verdicter

verdicts

*44

Treble colb.

Pittibble.

i.

Afmo quarto Georgii III. [1764.

vefdi&s shall be found for such defendant or defendants, or ilf the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or actions, suit or suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of such ac- tien or actions, or if, upon any demurrer or demurrers any fbclf action or attions, judgment shall be given for the defendant otf defendants therein, then, and in either of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs; and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any other case* by law.

CAP. XL.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debtt within the borough and soke of Doncaster, in the county of York; dnd for lighting the streets, lanes, and other1 1 open passages and places, within the said borough.

WHEREAS the borough of Doncaster in the county of York, it large and populous, has a navigable river, and is a great thoroughfare between the south and northern parts of tins iingdemr byt means whereof a confederable trade is carried on in the said borough, and soke thereof: a?td whereas there are many persons to whom that, traders of the said borough and soke are obliged to give credit for fma& films of moneys who frequently refuse, although able, to pay the fapta9 presuming on the discouragements which, creditors lie under, from the expence which they are unavoidably put to, and the delays they meet with in filing for such debts: and whereas a more easy and speedy method of recovering finall debts, within the said borough and Joke, would greatly tend to promote iniuftry, and support ufejul credit therein*and whereas the lightings in a proper manner, the streets, lanes, and other open passages and places, within the said borough, would be of great benefit and safety to the inhabitants thereof, as well as to all persons resorting the reto: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fjiiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

Comraiftioners appointed. They are constituted a court of requests. Three or more impowered to hofd a court on Thursday in every other week. Fiift meeting. Business of other courts not to be impeded by their meet* ings. Power and business of this court Calling vote, on equality, to lie In the mayor, senior alderman, or commissioner who Hands first on the lift. — Method of electing new of — The order, in which the of are to be summoned.--Any commissioner, though

not summoned, &c. may fit in the court.-ComiuHfioners to take oath

for faithful impartial, and honest discharge of the trustj to be admin* Ared by the clerk, and registred. -= — Richard Sbtpbtrd constituted clerk of the court; with power to appoint a deputy. — Serjeants at mace appointed serjeants of the court.-Creditors may sue For any debt undo:

40s. in the said court. And on application to the clerk, who shall furtf-. mon the debtor, and proof of service of the summons, the commUfionem are to enquire into the demand, and pass final judgment thereupon t aa4 may adnunifter an oath to witnesses and officers. — Debtor not appeag-court may hear the cause dh the part of the plaintiff, abd pads judgment*

*45

T7t>4".] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 41.

ment thereon* with cods. — Plaintiff not appearing, or being nonsuited, cods to be awarded to the defendant. — Upon order for payment of money, execution is to be awarded against the body or goods of the party. Confinement on execution not to exceed three months. If the execution be prevented, or evacted, the court may order another upon the first default of payment, the court may award execution for the whole debt with further costs. — Debt and colls to be marked on the back of the precept. On paying hi the same to the clerk, before execution takes effect, with the fees due to the officers, &c. execution is to be superseded.-Attor-

nies and folkitors not exempted.--Officer neglecting his duty, liable

to pay the debt. Fees allowed to the clerk and serjeants. A table thereof to be hung up in the court.--- Penalty of demandingor taking great-

er or other tees, not exceeding 40 s. nor less than 10 s. Clerk or lerjeanti guilty of notorious misbehaviour, court may enquire into the same, and certify the particulars to the mayor, who shall fammon a general meeting, who may remove the delinquent. — A commissioner interested in any cause depending, is to withdraw, after being heard, till the same is determined: and officer being interested, the court is to appoint another per-ibn to act pro Umpore. — Persons insulting the court while fitting, or any members thereof going to or from the same, or interrupting the proceedings, may be punished by fine or imprisonment. Where fine cannot be levied, offender is to be committed. Application of the fines. Copy of tbisclaufeto be fixed up in the court. — Actions for debt recoverable in this court, are not to be brought in any other. The registers of the court, or true copies thereof, deemed legal evidence. Proceedings, &c.

: not to be removed. --Specification of debt, See. not fuable in this court.

- Penalty of wilful and corrupt perjury. — Keepers of the common gaol are to receive and keep in fate custody, &c. all persons committed by order of the court 5 on penalty of forfeiting not exceeding 51/nor less than 40 s. to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, and to

be paid and applied as other fines.--No attorney to speak in the court,

where he is not a party or witness, on penalty of 101. nor to act as a commissioner.--- Witness duly summoned, refusing to appear and give evi-

dence, may be fined not exceeding 50 9. nor less than 5 s. to be levied by distrestand sale of the offenders goods, and paid over to the party injured. =--No writ may be filed out against any commissioner or officer,

for any thing done in the execution of their respective offices, until they have been served with due notice. Attorney's fee for preparing and serving such notice. — Defendant tendering fiimcient amends 5 verdict to be given for him. If none, or insufficient amends are tendered. Scc. plaintiff to recover damages and costs. If notice has not been given, defendant to recover. Defendant may pay money into court before issue joined.

No evidence to be given on the trial, but what is contained in the notice.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

*--- — Corporation at their own expence, to light the streets. See. within the borough. Lamps, Sec. vested in the mayor t penalty on persons injuring the m. Limitation of anions.

CAP. XLL

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts

in the town and parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the coun-

ty of Westmorland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a great trade is carried in in the town and pa- rish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Westmorland,

and the inhabitants thereof have of late yefrs greatly increased: and whereas many poor honest persons are obliged to contra^ small debts within the said town and parish, and limits of the same, and they being frequently rendered unable to pay the said debts in due time, their auditors do often bring suits and actions against them for recovery of Vol. XXVI. L the

146

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 42 — 45. [1764.

the same, and in consequence thereof their goods and effects are seized and fold, or their persons imprisoned, to the utter ruin of themselves and families, the loss of their labour to the publicly and the great burthen and charge of the parish or township to which they belong -for remedy whereof, and to the intent that some other easy and speedy method may be provided for the recovery and payment of small debts within the said town and parish and the limits thereof: may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

[Proviso.]

Commissioners named; and any three, or more, of them constituted a court of requests. Commissioners to assemble at a certain place: to be chosen in rotation. Commissioners to elect a clerk. — Commissioners to issue a Capias. Penalty on persons refuting to obey fubpsenas of the court. Creditors may sue for debts under 40 s. Commissioners to admi-

nifter oaths.-Penalty on insulting the of, or being guilty

of perjury.--- Commissioners to take an oath. Fees to be taken. 51. Penalty on demanding greater fees.-Certain debts excepted. — Plain-

tiffs not appearing, &c. Commissioners may award costs to defendants. — - If debtors refuse to appear, of may hear and determine the cause. Application of penalties.-Clerk to adjourn the court.- — Debts

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

recoverable in this court, not to be sued for in any other court. — Proceedings not removeable by Certiorari. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XLII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Shtllingford, in the county of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pang-borne, to Reacting, in the county Berks; and for building a bridge over the river of Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor,

within the parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex; and for lighting the said, and establishing a regular nightly watch therein.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Horlham, in the county of Suilex, through the of Shipley,

West Grinsted, Alhurst, Steyning, Bramber, and Breeding, in the said county.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the Count of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 46 — 51. 147

other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and for turning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge, to Chapel in the Frith, and to Sparrow Pit Gate, and from Whaley Bridge, to the Western End of Longside Common, in the County of Chester.

---

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town House, and building a School, and other publick Buildings there; and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads, from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge, and from the Garden of Henry Hattat, at Awbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tuderly, and from Lockerley Mill Stream, to East Dean Gate, and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Caliington, in the County of Cornwall.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a Passage for Carriages, from Cornhill to the Bank, and making more commodious several other Passages leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and making the same more commodious.

CAP. L.

An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

CAP. LI.

An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 52 — 58. [1764.

an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby.

CAP. LII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handsworth and Darnall, to the North East End of Avercliffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint Mary's, to Sutton Wash, in the said County.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled An Act for making, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George, Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent; and for repairing Lambeth Back Lane, and for lighting and watching the said Roads.

CAP. LV.

An Act for establishing a regular and nightly Watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish, of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bosmere and Claydon, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlsord, in the County of Suffolk.

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 59

CAP. LIX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. LX.

An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the City of Gloucester, and for lighting the Streets of the said City.

CAP. LXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Derby to Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, and several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for continuing the Terms of, and amending, the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for widening and amending the Road through the Parish of Bromesberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and through Corse Lawn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to Worcester.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road, between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for amending and widening the Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the said County of York.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for repairing the Road from Newland Bridge, to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 67 — 72. [1764.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter's Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield, called Stockwell, and from the Bridle Gate, at the Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the twelfth of King George the First, and of the third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and also for amending and widening the Road, from the Sign of the Horse Shoe, in Uckington, to Longnor Green; and also from the West End of Hatcham Bridge, to the Cross Houses upon the Bridgenorth Turnpike Road, in the said County.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Malling Street, near Lewes, and other Roads in Sussex, to the Road leading from the North End of Offham, to the Spittle Barn in Lewes aforesaid.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for continuing one Moiety of the Duties, granted by an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Year of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been by several other Acts, continued till the twelfth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and for

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 73 — 78.

applying the same to compleating and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and for more effectually compleating and keeping in Repair the said Harbour.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for paving, repairing and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York; and for preventing Incroachments and Annoyances therein; and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen and Porters there.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for amending and supplying the Deficiencies of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual, several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for supplying the borough and town of Wigan, in the county of Lancaster, with fresh and wholsome water.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the county of York.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glastonbury and Wells, to the White Post, in the great Wessern Road, to the City of Bath, and from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol; and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent; and also for amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Cowgate and Archcliffe Fort, in Dover, through Folkstone, to the Town of Hythe in the said County.

Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 79 — 84. [1764.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein described, leading from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the first District of Roads therein mentioned; and for amending the Road from Comb Hill, to a Bridge near Norton Mill, in the County of Gloucester, and from Eckington Bridge, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Upton on Severn to Pershore, in the County of Worcester.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the Market Place in Donington, and from the tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gasbertown, to the eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Watling Street, to Beckbury and the New Inn; and from the Birches Brook, to the Hand Post, in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County of Salop.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcott Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkeston, to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from Trowell, in the County of Nottingham to the Town of Nottingham.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from the Town of Leicester, to the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned.

1764.] Anno quarto Georgii III. c. 85 — 93.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual two several Acts passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Crarmnd Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for repairing several roads leading from the town of Bideford, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and several other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorgan.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundred of Mutford and Lothingland, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. XC.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Loddon and Clavering, in the County of Norfolk.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for the better paving of the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances, in that Part of the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, commonly called Portsmouth Common.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for the better supplying the Town of Knaresborough, and that Part of the Township of Scriven with Tenter Gate adjoining upon the said Town, with Water.

