THE

Statutes at Large,

from

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXVI

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY;

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst,)

For J. Johnson, in St. Paul's churchyard, G. G. J. & J. Robinson, in Paternoster Row, and D. Ogilvy & Co. in Middle Row, Holborn, London. 1787.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

To the READER.

THIS Edition of the Statutes at Large in 8vo by Danby Pickering Esq; was originally thought to be the more convenient, as not being so bulky as any other Edition hitherto published, and an Index thereto contained in one Volume came out about the Year 1769; which Index was brought down to the 4th of his present majesty's Reign inclusive, and afterwards a farther Index was added to the 33d Volume, continuing the former to the end of the 21st Year of the present Reign. But as the Acts of Parliament are every Year increasing, and the Volumes so very numerous, in order that the same may be rendered the more useful to any Person, having occasion to consult any particular act, we have subjoined to the present Publication, an alphabetical Index containing an account of the subject of each Act of this session, referring to the Chapter, Section, and Page, where the same is to be found; by which the Reader may be enabled immediately to point out such act as he may have occasion to consult; which Index is proposed to be continued annually with the Acts.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. Regis

Being the FOURTH Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXVI Part I.

A TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo septimo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Bong the Fourth Session of Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Cap. 1. To render more effectual the laws now in being for suppressing unlawful lotteries.

Cap. 2. To enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature on the eastern coast of New South Wales, and the parts adjacent.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his Majesty marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, and to render the provisions thereof more effectual.

Cap. 8. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpose.

Cap. 9. For granting rates of postage for the conveyance of letters and packets, between Great Britain and the port of Waterford, in the kingdom of Ireland, by way of Milford Haven.

Cap. 10. To extend the provisions of an act made in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

Cap. 11. To explain and amend so much of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act for making perpetual so much of an act made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing county gaols; and also an act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual suppression of piracy; and for making more effectual the act of the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An act for establishing articles and orders for the regulating and better government of his Majesty's ships of war and forces by sea" as gives discretionary power to magistrates to commit vagrants, and other criminals, offenders, and persons charged with fault offences, either to the common gaol or house of correction.

Cap. 12. To enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to the right honourable sir John Skynner knight, late lord chief baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services, and of his faithful and upright conduct in the execution of that office.

Cap. 13. For repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 14. For paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the walls of the city of Canterbury, and the liberties thereof; and also several streets and other places near or adjoining to the said city; and for removing and preventing incroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 15. For building a bridge at or near the ferry, over the river Trent, from Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Saundby, in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 16. For making perpetual two acts, passed in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and tills of exchange under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 17. For rebuilding the chapel of East Stonehouse, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 18. For making perpetual an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the proceedings of the court of judiciary and circuit courts in Scotland.

Cap. 19. To enforce and render more effectual several acts passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and other acts made for the increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation.

Cap. 20. For varying and extending the powers of the company of proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.

Cap. 21. To enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to purchase, of the proprietors of coal mines and coal works on the estate of Pitferran, in though county of Fife, the right of exemption from payment of the duty on coals exported.

Cap. 22. For sale of certain houses and ground belonging to his Majesty.

Cap. 23. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

Cap. 24. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

Cap. 25. For raising a further sum of money, by exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

Cap. 26. To enable the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

Cap. 27. For allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions.

Cap. 28. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the mode of charging the duties on glass made in Great Britain.

Cap. 29. For obviating objections to the competency of witnesses in certain cases.

Cap. 30. For laying additional duties upon licences to be taken out by persons dealing by retail in spirituous liquors.

Cap. 31. For making allowances to the dealers in foreign wines for the stock of certain foreign wines in their possession, at a certain time, upon which the duties on importation have been paid; and for amending several laws relative to the revenue of excise.

Cap. 32. For making further provisions in regard to such vessels as are particularly described in an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, and for extending the said act to other vessels and boats not particularly described therein; for taking off the duties on flasks in which wine or oil is imported; for laying an additional duty on foreign geneva imported; for taking off the duty on ebony the growth of Africa, imported into this kingdom; and for amending several laws relative to the revenue of customs.

Cap. 33. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 34. To amend an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain fee farm rents, and other rents, and to enfranchise copyhold and customory tenements within their survey; and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the said duchy; and to enable the said chancellor, and council to discharge encumbrances affecting the possessions of the said duchy.

Cap. 35. For appointing commissioners further to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the business transacted in the said offices.

Cap. 36. To continue several laws relating to the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland and the British plantations in America; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas; and to the granting a bounty on the exportation of certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on foreign raw linen yarns made of flax imported.

Cap. 37. For further regulating the trade and business of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 38. For the encouragement of the arts of designing and printing linens, cottons, callicoes, and muslins, by vesting the properties thereof in the designers, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time.

Cap. 39. For appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights properties, and professions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

Cap. 40. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law hod for giving further time for those purposes; and to indenmnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 41. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 42. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for the relief of purchasers.

Cap. 43. For taking and swearing affidavits to be made use of in the court of session of the county palatine of Chester; and for taking of special bail in actions and suits depending in the same court.

Cap. 44. To prevent frivolous and vexatious suits in ecclesiastical courts.

---

Cap. 45. For rebuilding the pier of Margate in the isle of Thame, in the county of Kent for ascertaining, establishing and recovering certain duties, in lieu of the ancient and customary droits, for the support and maintenance of the said pier for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Greets, lanes, highways, and public passages in the town of Margate, and parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said isle of Thanet5 for settling the rates of porters, chairmen, carters, and carmen within the said town; and for preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 46. For continuing the term of two acts, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty George the Second tod the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying 0 bay of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, po every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for falei bought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the town of aberbro thock, and liberties thereof

Cap. 47. For rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the commissioners appointed by an act made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raisea in Great Britain, for the service

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for up pointing other commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an a of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the fervid of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty fetien.

Cap. 48. To enable the east-india company to continue their warehouses already built, and to build new warehouses, exceeding certain dimensions, freed and discharged from the regulations and directions contained in an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the further and better regulation of buildings and pftrty walls \ and for the more effefinally preventing mischiefs by fire within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof \ and other the parishes9 prednfts, and places, within the weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the couiity of Middlesex; for indemnifying, under certain conditions, builders and other persons again the penalties to which they are or may be liable for ere fling buildings within the limits aforesaid contrary to law.

Cap. 49. For dividing the parish of Saint James, in the city and county of Bristol, and county of Gloucester, and for building a church, and providing a cemetery or church yard, and parsonage house, within the new parish.

Cap. 50. To enable his Majesty to licence a play house in the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Cap. 51. For making a road from Saint Bernards Street, in the town of Leith to the foot of Leith Walk in the county of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging certain streets in the city of Edinburgh, and the avenues leading to the same; and for amending two several acts passed, relative to the said city, in the twenty nfth and twenty gxth years of his present Majesty reign.

Cap. 52. For better lighting and watching the village of Camberwell, in the county of Surrey, and certain roads and other places adjoining or near thereto.

Cap. 53. For better draining and preserving certain hinds and grounds within the level ot Hatfield Chase and parts adjacent, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

Cap. 54. To render effectual the purchase of a houfo, situate in the parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex % to be used as an additional workhouse for the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of Wefmin fier; and for other purposes.

Cap. 55. For altering and extending the line of the cut or oanal authorised to be made and maintained by so much of several acts made in the eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, and twenty-fourth years of the jreign of his present Majesty, as authorises the making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the frith or river of Fortby at or near the mouth of the river of Carrotr, in the county of Stirling, to the frith or river of Clydt9

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton', and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of gb/geur, for deepening the said cut or canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said agas relates to the mating and maintaining the said cut or canal.

Cap. 56. For enabling the magistrates and town council of pai/lty to improve the navigation of the river Cart, and to make a narigable cut or canal across the turnpike road leading froth Giafgno to Greenock.

Cap. 57. For continuing and amending several acts made in the third year of the reign of King George the First, the tenth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for hying a duty of two femes Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling; on every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty ori the tonnage of flapping, and a duty on goods imported and exported into and sit of the port of the said town, for the better repairing of the said harbour and for paving, dcansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other public places, within the said town, and widening the streets where necessary* and removing and preventing nuifences therein.

Cap. 58. For veiling the (cite; buildings, and other the premises, belonging to the old gaol or prison of the county of Suffer; in trustees for the purpose of conveying the same to the right hotfcmrabie Frances viscountess Irwin, and her heirs; and to declare the new gaol or prison lately built to be the common gaol for the said county.

Cap. 59. For making and declaring, the gaol for the county of Devon, called The High Gaol, a public and common gaol; and (or discharging Dennis Rollt and John Roll esquires and theit respective heirs and assigns, from the office of keeper of the said gaol j and for improving and enlarging the same, or building a new one; and also for taking down the chapel in the cause of Exeter; and for other purpose* therein mentioned.

Cap. 60. For building a new gaol, and providing a propel prison for debtors and house of correction, for the several boroughs, towns corporate, liberties, franchises, and all other pbccs, within thfc county of Stafford, and for regulating the lame respectively.

Cap. 61. For taking down the guild hall or townhall in the borough of Grantham in the county of Lincoln; and rebuilding the same.

Cap. 62. For taking down and rebuilding the chapel of han lay, in the county of Stafford for veiling the right of nomination in trustees; and for enlarging the chapel yard; and other purposes.

Cap. 63. For rebuilding the church of the parish of Saint Mary ivanjledt alias Wanstead, in the county of bjfex.

A TABLE Of thd STATUTES.

Cap. 64. For building a new chapd upon Pottfmutb Comwurr* in the parish of Portseay in the County of Southampton.

Cap. 65. For confirming a charter or letters patent grantcel by his Majesty to the royal college and corporation of surgeon of the city of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a scheme of raisiffis a fund for a provision for the widows and children of the menn — bers of the said corporation, and of their clerk, with certain alterations 5 and for establishing the said scheme, and impoweriogj the corporation, and the trustees and officers elected for managing the fund, effectually to carry the said scheme into execution.

Cap. 66. For dividing and inclosing the lowlands and common fens within the hamlet of Martin, in the parish of Timberland, and within the parish of Blankney, in the county of Lim — coin; and for draining and preserving the lowlands and fens within the said hamlet of Martin, and the parish of Bionkney* and within the hamlet of Linwood, in the said parish of Blanks ney.

Cap. 67. For the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting and watching, the highways, streets, and lanes, of and in the town and port of Sandwich, in the county of Kent, and in the several parishes of Saint Peter the apojlley Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint Clement, in the said town, port and county; and for removing and preventing incroachments, nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances, in the said highways, streets, and lanes Snd on the common quay belonging to the said town and port and in the haven adjoining to the said quay, and the bridge built over the said haven and for regulating the births and mooring places of vessels at the said quay, and the proper times for vessels to pass through the said bridge.

PUBL1CK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 68. For more effectually repairing the roads leading from Mead Brook which divides the parishes of pucuechurch and jfaangetsfield, in the county of Gloucester, to Christian Malfori Bridge, in the county of Wilts \ and from pucuechurch aforesaid, to certain eoal mines in the said parish.

Cap. 69. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of several acts made in the tenth year of the reign of King George the First, the sixteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ir repairing the road from the north part of Harlow Bush Common, in the parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the county of Essex; and for repairing and widening the road from Epping through the parishes of Nortlnueald Bajfet, Bobbingworth, High Ongar^Chipping Ongar, and Shelley y to the Four Want Way, in the said parish of Shelley, and from thence through the parhhes of High Ongar and Norton manievihe, to the parish 01 Writtle, in the said county.

STABLE of cha STATUTES.

Cap. 70. For enhtging the term of an act of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for-repairing and keeping in

fer, the rod leading from tie turnpike read at Wrothant Heath is the cnentj tf Kent, to the turnpike road leading from Croydon to Godfkne, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 71. For making, maintaining, and repairing a road, from the west end of the bridge, intended to be built at or near the ferry over the river Trent from, in the county of Lincoln, to the parish of Soundly, in the county of Nottingham,

through the several parishes of Soundly, Buckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Hayton, and Clatthorough, to East Retford, all situate in the said county of Nottingham* with a side branch from the boundary gate, between the said parishes of Beckingham and Saundby, through the said parish of Beckingham, and the parish of Grhegley on the Hill, in the same county, to the town of Gringley an the Hill aforesaid.

Cap. 72. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, repairing, Widening, and keeping in repair,

the road hading from the turnpike road on Hurst Green, in the county of Sussex, through Etchingham and Burwash, to the extent of the aid pttrish e/burwash, in the said county.

Cap. 73. For continuing the term of three acts, of the thirteenth year of King George the First, the twenty first: year of bia late Majesty, and the twelfth year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the roads from Birmingham, through wei uefbury, to High Bolin, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to The Port Way, at the end of darlalane, next to Bilflon, and

to Nether Trindle, near Dudley, in the counties of Warwick, cefier, and Stafford; and for making and keeping in repair a road from Troufe Lane, in the parish of Wednesbury, to Darlaston, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 74. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing end widening the roads from Key berry Bridge to the paffagt at shalmon, and from thefata bridge to the pier or harbour of Torkey, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 75. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for repairing and

ingjtveral roads in the county of Brecon; and for amending certain other roads in the said county.

Cap. 76. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the town of Nottingham to the town of mans fihd, in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 77. For continuing and amending an act of the twenty eghth year of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the roads from The Hand and Post at the top of Burford, in the county of Gleutefltr, to Stow on the Wold, and from thenee to

Paddle Brooki and from The Gross Hands on Hill, in the

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

county of Oxford, to The Hand and Post in the parkh of Witting tonne, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 78. For enlarging the term and powers of an ast of the first year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the city of Gloucester to the top of birdjip Hill, and from the oat of the aid hill to the top a/'crickley Hill.

Cap. 79. To enlarge the tprm and powers of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the hire of Roxburgh, to The Marchburn.

Cap. 80. For continuing the term, and varying the powers of an act of the second year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from kipping's Cross, in the county of Kent, to lamber hurst Pound and pullen's Hill, in the fid county and to Flimwell Vent, in the county of Sussex; and also for repairing the road from the turnpike gate at Lamberhurst found aforesaid, through out Lane, and by Hope Mill, to the turnpike road at Clay Hi!), in the parish of troudhurst, in the county ofliltnt.,

Cap. 81. For continuing the term, and varying the powers of an act of the eighth year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road leading from Reading in the county of Berks, through Henley, in the county of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondefyiam, and Cheynes, in the county of Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Watford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the county of Hertford: and also the road leading out of the faii road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Byftiam, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the turnpike road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

Cap. 82. For continuing and amending three acts, of the thirteenth year of King George the First, the twenty first year of his late Majesty, and the twelfth year of his present Majesty so far as the same relate to the roads from a place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kingswinford9 and to the further end of Brittle Laney within the counties of Stafford and Worcester \ and for making and keeping in repair a road from or near to The Ncthfr Trindle aforesaid, to Tipton Green in the said i counties.

Cap. 83. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powefs or several acts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty fevetith years of the reign of his late majesty sing George the Second, and the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the road leading from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and fof altering the course of the road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for repairing the road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Water, and from thence to or near Loanheady in the county of Stirling, there to join the turnpike road leading from Falkirk to Kiljyth.

Cap. 84. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending the road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the county of York, to Worksop, in the county Nottingham.

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

Cap. 85. For continuing the term, and altering and entarg* ing the powers of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his law Majesty, for repairing the roads from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, in the county of Salop; and for repairing several other roads in the said county.

Cap. 86. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the firth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ir repairing and widening tin road from Beverley, by Molfcroft, to Kendal Hoose, and from Molfcroft to Bainton Baulk, in the county of York.

Cap. 87. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the firth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from A (hborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the turnpike road upon Hatton Moor, to Tutbury, in the counties of Derby and Stafford.

Cap. 88. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the firth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, ir repairing and widening the road from High Bridges, in the county of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Sparh to Hanging Bridge, and from tewnall's Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the fnd county, (o far as the same relates to the two districts of road therein described.

Cap. 89. For repairing and widening the road leading from the borough of Berwick upon Tweed by Ayton Bridge, and the new hridjge over the pees or pass of Goclburnfpath, to Dunglass Bridge, and also the roads leading from Billie Causeway and Prefien Bridge, to join the said road at or near Cockburnfpath Tower, in the county of Berwick.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed is the firth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ir repairing and widening the road from Muckley Comet to Walsall and wed nefbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other roads in the county of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the two first districts of roads therein comprised.

Cap. 91. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from High Bullen in Wednesbory, to the further end of Darlaston Lane, next The Portway, and from thence through Bilston, to the further end of Gibbet Lane, and fivtral other roads leading to and from Bilston, in the aunry of Stafford.

Cap. 92. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, failed in the twelfth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road between Stamford ml Grantham, in the county Lincoln.

Cap. 93. For amending and widening the roads from the city of Chester to the Woodjide Ferry, in the township of Birkenhead, in the county of Chester % and from the said city to the assembly house in Parkgate, in the township of Great Neston, in the said county; and from Great Neston aforesaid, to the said tvoodfide Ferry j and from the road leading from the city of Chester to Parkgate

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

aforesaid, to the road leading froth the forte city to the said Wnifidt Ferry.

Cap. 94. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the road from the present turnpike road, in the parish of Hursley, in the county of Southampton, through the borough of Andover, to the town Newbury, in the county of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond, and Newfown River; and for amending and keeping in repair th toad from the south end of Bartholomew Street, in the said town 6f Newbury, to the turnpike road at Speenhamland, in the said county of Berks.

Cap. 95. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the term and powers of an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road, from d place near the village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth road between Lippock and Rake, in the several counties of Surry, Sussex, and Southampton.

---

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. An Act for naturalizing George Wakerbath.

2. An act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Cracoe, in the Parish of Burnsall, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3. An act for naturalizing Solomon Dedel.

4. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Kessingland and Covebite, otherwise North Hales, in the County of Suffolk.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cow-Commons, Linchets, and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, or other Ground, intermixed with or adjoining to the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford.

6. An act for naturalizing Daniel Graff.

7. An act for naturalizing Peter Everhard Camper.

8. An act for naturalizing George Chandler and Maria Chandler.

9. An act for naturalizing Peter John Hosch.

10. An act for settling and securing certain Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Williamston, the Lands of Drumdewan, Lednock, Mansion House of Lednock, and others, lying within the County of Perth, to, and in favour of, Thomas Graham Esquire, of Balgowan, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-six; and for vesting in the aforesaid Thomas Graham, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Lands and Barony of Blair Newton, of Blair Lands, of Pitmurthly Maws, and others, lying Within the aforesaid County of Perth, and County of Forfar.

11. An act to dissolve the Marriage of William Fawkener Esquire, with Georgiana Ann Poyntz, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the County of Oxford.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Spofforth, in the Parish of Spofforth, in the County of York.

14. An act for naturalizing John Jacob Hertel.

15. An act for discharging divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to Sir Edward Bayntun Rolt Baronet, and Andrew Bayntun Rolt Esquire, from a certain Limitation contained in an Indenture of Release, bearing Date the twenty-second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

16. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of West Harptree, otherwise West Harptry, in the County of Somerset.

17. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable George James Earl Cholmondeley, in the County of Chester, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof.

18. An act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Essex, Middlesex, and Cambridge, devised by the Will of Theophilus Dillingham Esquire, deceased, in Dillingham Brampton Gunlon Dillingham Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, in the County of Norfolk, to the same Uses as the devised Estates now stand limited.

19. An act for discharging certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Berks, Part of the Estate of Oldfield Bowles Esquire, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Oldfield Bowles with Mary his now Wife, and for settling the Manor of North Aston, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

20. An act for vesting the Tythes and Estate at Orton, in the County of Northampton, belonging to Jesus Hospital, in the same County, in John Peach Hungerford Esquire, for his Life, with Remainders over, and for settling a Kent Charge out of the said Estate, and other Hereditaments of the said John Peach Hungerford, at Orton aforesaid, in lieu thereof.

21. An act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Edward Foley with the Right Honourable Lady Ann Coventry, his now Wife, and for other Purposes.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Bitteswell, in the County of Leicester.

23. An act to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the Lordship of Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, and for uniting the two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trowell aforesaid.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kirkbymalzeard, in the County of York.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Barrow upon Trent, in the Parish of Barrow upon Trent, in the County of Derby.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Dorrington, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Lyneham, Merriscourt, and Finescourt, in the Parish of Shipton under Wichwood, in the County of Oxford.

28. An act for naturalizing Frederick Hippius.

29. An act for vesting the Estates in the County of York, and also the Heir Looms, devised and bequeathed by the Will of the Honourable and Most Reverend Robert late Lord Archbishop of York, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise from such Sales in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

30. An act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and Exchange inserted in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Robert Salusbury Esquire, with Katherine his Wife.

31. An act for vesting Part of the Estates late of William Simpson Esquire, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, within the Township of Lastingham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or reputed Manor and Parish of Milwich, in the County of Stafford.

34. An act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Manors, and Township or Townships of Stecton and Eastburn, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the County of York.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and the Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlet of Sawley, in the County of Derby.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Liberty of Little Eaton, within the Manor of Little Chester, in the County of Derby.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Melbourne and King's Newton, in the Parish and Lordship of Melbourne, in the County of Derby.

38. An act for inclosing, and leafing, or letting, certain Commons or Waste Grounds lying within the Township or Constablewick of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford, called The High Wood and The Heath, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes, or publick Expences, within the said Township or Constablewick, and within the Constablewick of the Rectory of Uttoxeter.

39. An act for naturalizing William Homeyer.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Cropwell Butler, and a certain Intercommon Field and Meadow called The Fern Field and Great Meadow, lying intermixed in the said Lordship and the Lordship of Cropwell Bishop, in the County of Nottingham.

The End the TABLES.

THE

---

STATUTES at Large, C

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magna Britannia, Franci, &,

vicesimo septimo.

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, (3c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the twenty-third day of January, 1787; being the fourth session of the fxtecntbparliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to render more effectual the laws now in being for suppressing unlawful lotteries.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the good and wholesome from time to time

made and provided for the suppression of unlawful lotteries, end tgdin/}adventstring in lotteries established by of parliament,

in Great Britain or Ireland, by unlawful sales of chances of tickets, end ij injuring for or against the drawing of such tickets, have not been fnnd effectual for the purposes intended thereby: and whereas, in end by an at of parliament made and passed in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the intituled An $Geo.t. cad for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, to raise money by way of a lottery, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and for transfer raw the deficiencies of a late malt act to the land tax for the

2

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i.

[1787.

said year; and for giving time for inserting the money given with apprentices in their indentures; and touching lost bills, tickets, or orders; and for exchanging the tickets in the exchequer for certificates 5 and for suppressing lotteries denominated Tales, and other private lotteries; and for enlarging the time for the accountant general of the bank of England to return du, of annuities into the exchequer; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That all and every person or persons who, after the twenty first day December, in the year of our Lord one thousartd seven hundred and twenty-one, shall make, print, advertize, or pub lib, or cauft to be made, printed, advertised, or published, proposals or schemes for advancing small sums of money, by fevered per fens, amounting in the whole to large sums, to be divided among them by the chances of the prizes in some public lottery or lotteries established or allowed by a fl of parliament; or ball deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out, tickets to the persons advancing such sums, to entitle them to a fbare of the money so advanced, according to such proposals or febemes 5 or shall make, print, or publish, or cause to be made, printed, or published, any proposal or scheme of the like kind or nature, if/iirr any denomination, iw/wr, title whatever, yfo// thereof

convicted, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, y / justices of the peace of the county, division,

liberty, where such offence shall be committed, the offender hall

9 be found, shall, for such offence, over and above any former penalties infiifled by any former astor acts of parliament, mofe against any private or unlawful lotteries, am/"yfo* hundred pounds:

and whereas, in and by two other acts of parliament, the one thereof wade and passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty m Oeo. a. King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual C preventing of excessive and deceitful gaming; and the other thereof

made and passed in the twenty ft con d year of the reign of his present and Geo. 3. Majesty, intituled An acts for licensing lottery office keepers, and C 47 recited; regulating the sale of lottery tickets; many good and wholesome provisions are enacted, which require to be maintained and carried more effectually into execution: and whereas great difficulties have arisen upon the methods of conviction of offenders against the said recited acts, before jffiices of the peace, and many evafrns of the said recited acts are daily put in practice: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's raoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the and the pow same, That all and every the said recited acts, and every article Civcn tftcon an ^ing in them contained, touching and concerning lotte timic force, rics* and not ty this act altered or repealed, or other provision except such'made in lieu thereof, shall be duly put in execution, according as are hereby to the tenor of the said recited acts, and under the penalties altered, therein contained, to be raised, levied, and disposed of, as in and by this act is directed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sing€of thi»arround after lhc day on whi«h this act shall receive his

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i. g

majesty's royal assent, no pecuniary penalty or penalties, which at, penalties shall be incurred by any person or persons offending against such incurred unpans of the said acts, or any of them, as touch and concern lotteries, shall be recovered or recoverable before any justice or^fuedhor^by justices of the peace, but shall and may be sued for by any per any persons 7 son or persons whomsoever, at any time within six calendar whomsoever months next after such offence shall be committed, and reco rered by action of debt, bill, plaint, fuir, or information, in monl B any of his majesty's courts of record at Wefminfltr \ in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and one moiety of the said respective Application penalties, when recovered, shall, in every such case, go and be f penalties, applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety, with 'full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same respectively; and upon ever)' such action, bill, plaint, suit, or information, a ca pits, or other writ, shall and may issue; the first procefe specifying therein the amount of the penalty or penalties sued for, whereof an affidavit shall be first duly made and filed; and the Ineveryaction defendant or defendants shall, in such case, be obliged to give sufficient ball or security, by natural born subjects, persons na tasrive^iuo turahzed, or denizens, to the person or persons to whom such answer it. cuplasj or other writ, shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which such process shall be issued, at the day of the return of such process, to answer such suit or prosecution; shall Meewife, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, to answer and pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for such offence or offences, together with the costs of suit, in case he,

(he, or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prison: always, That the bail b*»l not to herein before required to be given shall, in no case, exceed the exceed 5001. sum of five hundred pounds.

III. And whereas, in and by an act made and passed in the seven'

year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,

entitled An act to amend and make more effectual the laws re i7peo.i, c.j#

bring to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly per recitc<1*

fens, and to houses of correction; it is enabled, That all persons

trying or betting at any unlawful games or plays shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds within the true intent and meaning of that act:

cni whereas all lotteries not efabh/hed by act of parliament, in Great Britain or Ireland, are declared to be common and public nuisances:

cri whereas all adventuring with lottery ticket, in such lotteries as

cn established by act of parliament, other than by the actual sale of

tickets, and cf such hares thereof as are permitted by law to be sold,

is wholly prohibited by the feiid act of the twenty second year of the

reign of his present Majesty: and whereas it would tend greatly to

fvpprefs such abuses in the lottery now established, and in all future

lotteries that may hereafter be established by law, if the person and persons guilty of any of the offences againf this act, or such parts of

tie herein before mentioned act:, or any of them, as touch and concern

and extended to persons who Hi all deal in tickets without taking out a licence pursuant to X Geo. 3. or sell chances, See.

Justices to commit of fendrrs to the house of correction till the next quarter sessions.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 1. [1787.

lotteries, might be punishable under the said 08 passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his said fote Majesty, except in cases of in fur antes on tickets by persons a flu ally pffffed thereof under the re striflions herein after mentioned; be it therefore farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the day on which this act shall receive his majesty's royal assent, all and every person and persons who shall publicity or privately open, setup, continue, or keep, by himself or herself, or by any other person or persons, any office, or other place for buying, selling, or otherwise dealing in any tickets, or any shares oj tickets. In any lottery now established, or hereafter to be established, by any British or Irish act of parliament, or for regi^ fiering the numbers of such tickets, without the authority of a licence duly obtained for that purpose from the commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, for the time being, in the manner in and by the said ic cited act of the twenty second year of the reign of his presentj Majesty directed; and all and every person and persons (except as herein after is provided), who shall, by himself, herfelfj or themselves, or by any other person or persons, or for his, her, or their own account, or for or on the account, or as the servant, agent, or factor, of any other person or persons, sell or cause or procure to be sold, the chance or chances of any such ticket or tickets, or any share or shares thereof, for a day, or part of a day, or any less time than the whole time of drawing in any such lottery then to come \ or insure, or cause or procure any other person or persons to insure, for or against the drawing of aqy such ticket or tickets or shall receive any money or goods whatsoever, in confutation of any agreement or promise to repay any sum or sums of money, or to deliver the same, or any plate, jewels, or other goods whatsoever, if any such ticket or tickets shall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or upon any other chance or chances, event or events, contingency or contingencies, relative or applicable to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, whether as to the time of their being drawn, or otherwise howsoever, shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds, within the true intent and meaning of the faio recited act of the seventeenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, and shall be punishable as such rogues and vagabonds accordingly and all persons who shall be found offending against this act, in the manner abovementioned, shall and may be apprehended and conveyed before some justice or justices of the peace, as in and by the said recited act, in relation to the rogues and vagabonds therein described, is directed; the justice or justices before whom such offender shall be brought, such offender not having been sued or prosecuted for the same offence, without covin or collusion, in some of his majesty's courts of record, by such action of debt, bilj, plaint, suit, or information, as aforesaid, shall and may, upon full and sufficient proof of the offence, in the manner in and by the said recited act directed, order such offender to be lent to the house of correction, there to remain

5

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 1.

until the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, tiding, division, or place, where the said offence was committed and the justices, at such sessions, shall enter upon the examination of the case, and proceed therein according to the directions of the said recited act of the seventeenth year of his laid late Majesty 5 and all justices of the peace, mayors, bailiffs, constables, headboroughs, and other his majesty's civil officers, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and strictly required to use their utmost endeavours to prevent the committing of any of the offences aforesaid, by all law fill ways and means; and shall be, and are hereby indemnified for anything done in execution of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all other the powers, authorities, rules, directions, punish The powers of meats, and provisions, prescribed and inflicted in and by the rccft*d act of laid recited act of the seventeenth year of his said late Majesty, tended to this for the apprehending, securing, and punishing persons as rogues ad. and vagabonds within the true intent and meaning of the said act, not hereby altered, shall be applied and carried into execution in relation to the persons hereby declared to be rogues and vagabonds, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, authorities, rules, directions, puniftunents, and provisions, and every of them, had severally and respectively been re enacted in this act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the day on which this act From the pair ftttli receive his majesty's royal assent, it shall and may be law th, a fol for any person, actually possessed of any whole undrawn or ticket, in any lottery now established, or hereafter to be efta whole ticket blished by law in Great Britain, to make or cause to be made may insure it, anyinsuranceon his or her ticket, for the indemnifying himself by a writtea or herself against any loss which he or she may sustain by ad f^ttown venturing in the said lottery for or by reason of such ticket, so Taiue. as every con trad or agreement for Uich insurance be reduced into writing, (without being subject to any of the duties under the management of the commissioners of stamps), before the rhyme of such ticket being drawn in the said lottery; and so as the name of the possessor of such ticket at the time of such insurance, the number thereof, the lottery to which such ticket shall belong, and the amount of the premiums received thereon, be respectively infested and expressed in such agreement, and so as every such insurance be made upon a whole ticket or whole tickets only, on condition to pay the full amount or value thereof, and not otherwise; anything contained in this act, or in the hid act of the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for Itcenfing lottery office keeperand regulating the salt of littery tickets, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

VI. Provided always, That no such insurance shall be for a When an in kfc time than shall then remain of the drawing of the said lot France is tery; and that every such ticket foinfured shall be deposited, by the the person so injuring the same, in an office established, or to whole time

b3 be remaining

the drawing; and the ticket mull be depo (ited with the receiver-general of the stamp duties, of some person appointed by him to receive it. Tickets and insurance assignable.

Persons not duly licensed making inltir ances, liable to the penalties of keeping unlicensed lottery offices.

Offenders not to be liable to prosecutions for pecuniary penalties, and «lfo as vagabonds:

Nor before a

justice for offences re ipefting lotteries already established, unless information has been made before Feb. 5, 1787.

His majesty's share or penalties to be

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i.

be established, by the commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, for the time being, for the deposit of tickets intended to be sold in shares, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty second year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act for licensing lottery office keepers, and regulating the sale of lottery tickets; and shall be there left with the receiver-general of his Majesty's stamp duties, or some person or persons to be appointed by him to receive the same and who is and are hereby authorised and required to receive the same: provided also, That every such ticket so deposited may be assignable, together with such insurance.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever, not being duly licensed under the said act of the twenty second year of his present majesty's reign, shall, from and after the day on which this act shall receive his majesty's royal assent, grant, signor underwrite any agreement for any such insurance as aforesaid; or shall take or receive any premium, or confident tien in "the nature of a premium, for such insurance, every such person or persons, not duly licensed as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are inflicted on persons keeping lottery offices without the authority of such licence by the said act of the twenty second year of his present majesty's reign, or by this act, to be levied and recovered, inflicted, applied, and carried into execution, as in and by this act is directed, and according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ho person shall be liable to be prosecuted for any offence against this act, or such parts of the herein before mentioned acts, or any of them, as touch and concern lotteries, by both the ways by this act prescribed; nor shall any person against whom any action, suit, or information, for the recovery of a pecuniary penalty, hath been commenced and carried on with effect, be liable to imprisonment as a rogue and vagabond under this act for the same offence; and that where any person shall be convicted and sentenced to imprisonment as a rogue and vagabond under this act, such person shall not be liable afterwards to be prosecuted for any pecuniary penalty for the (ante offence.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be subject or liable to any prosecution before any justice or justices of the peace, for any offence against the herein before mentioned acts, touching and concerning any lottery now established or heretofore established in this kingdom, unless information thereof shall have been made on or before the fifth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such penalties and forfeitures, and.ftiares.of penalties and forfeitures, and Turns of money, which shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 2. 7

tessors, and which shall be received by any officer or officers in paid to the the execution of this act, shall be paid into the hands of the re jfterver general of the (lamp office for the time being, who shall stamp^ffice* keep X separate and dillindl account thereof, and thereout shall

Sthe expense the said office shall be put to in executing this; and the said receiver-general shall pay the residue into the Receipt of the exchequer at such time, and in such manner, as aether penalties and forfeitures, due and payable to his Majesty, are or shall be paid or payable.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be Cued, molelied, or prosecuted, for anything by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clauset matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence General issue for his, her, or their defence 5 and if upon the trial a verdis shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them. Treble costs. against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. II.

An act to enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature on the eastern coast of New South Wales, and the parts adjacent.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act for the % 4 Geo. 3. effectual transportation of felons, and other offenders; and to C. 6. authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases; and for other purposes therein mentioned; it is enacted, That, from and after the puffing of that act, when any person or persons, at any jef pens of oyer or terminer or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general session of the peace to be held for any county, riding, divi dty, town, borough, liberty, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, or at any great session to be held for the county palatine of Chester, or within the principality of Wales, shall be lawfully convicted of grand or petit larceny, or any other offence for which such person or persons shall be liable by the laws of this realm to be transported, it shall and may be lauful for the court before which any such person or persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, or any subsequent court held at any place for the same canty, riding, division, city, town, borough, liberty, or place, re festively, with like authority, to order and adjudge that such person or persons, so convicted as aforesaid, shall be transported beyond the Jeas, for any term of years not exceeding the number of years or term for which such person or persons is or are, or shall be liable by any law to be transported; and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to declare and appoint what place or places, part or parts beyond the Jeas, either within his Majestfs dominions, or elsewhere out of

S Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i [1787.

his Majesty's dominions, such felons or other offenders shall be conveyed or transported and such court as aforesaid is thereby authorised and empowered to order such offenders to be transferred to the life of any person or persons, and his or their assigns, who shall contrail for the due performance of such transportation: and when his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall be pleased to extend mercy X any offender or offenders who hath or have been, or shall be convictti of any crime or crimes, for which be, Jhe, or they, is, are, or shall be by law excluded from the benefit of clergy, upon condition of transportation to any place or places, pari or parts beyond the seas, either for term of life, or any number of years, and such extension of merry shall be signified by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of flatty it shall be lawful for any court, having proper authority, to allow such offender or offenders the benefit of a conditional pardon, and (except in tafes where such offenders shall be authorised by his Majesty if transport himself, herself, or themselves), to order the transfer of such offender or offenders to any person or persons who shall contrail for the due performance of such transportation and his or their assign$9 for such and the same term of years for which any such offender or offenders shall have been ordered to be transported, or for such term of use or years as shall be specified' in such condition of transportation? whereas his Majesty, by two several orders in council, bearing date respectively on the sixth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, hath judged fit, by and with the advice of his privy council, to declare and appoint the place to which certain offenders, named in two lists to the said several orders in council annexed Should be transported, for the time or terms in their several fenienus mentioned, to be the eastern coojl of New South Wales, or fomt one or other of the islands adjacent: and whereas sir James Eyre knight and Jir Beaumont Hotham knight, two of the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer of the degree of the coiffe, according to tha authority to them given by the said Statute, did, on the thirtieth day December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, order that the said several offenders, in the said two several lists to the said several orders in council annexed, Should be transperted to the place, and for the time and terms aforesaid: and whereas it may be found necessary that a colony and a civil government Should be established in the place to which such convills shall be transported, under and by virtue of the said all of parliament, the said two several orders of council and other the said above recited orders, and that a court of criminal jurisdiction Should also be efiabtished within such place as aforesaid with authority to proceed in a more summary way than is used within this realm, according to the known and efiablifijed laws thereof: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and His Majesty by the authority of the same, That his Majesty may, by his the*senior6 common under the great seal, authorise the person to be ap ohienlcnant p0>nte^ governor, or the lieutenant governor in the absence of governor of the governor, of such place, as aforesaid, to convene from time flew South to time, as occasion may require, a court of judicature for the

trial

V

1787.i Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. 9

trial and punhhment of all such outrages and misbehaviodrs as, Wales tocon if committed within this realm, would be deemed and taken, according to the law of this realm, to be treason or misprision forjthetrial thereof, felony, or misdemeanour; which court shall consist of of offenders, the judge advocate to be appointed in and for such place, toge Who are to be there with six officers of his majesty's forces by sea or land: members of which court shall proceed to try such offenders, by calling such the court, and offenders respectively before that court, and causing the charge to proceed against him, her, or them respectively to be read over $ which trying offea charge shall always be reduced into writing, and shall be exhi ders. bited to the said court by the judge advocate; and by examining witnedes upon oath, to be administered by such court, as well for as against such offenders respectively, and afterwards adjudging, by the opinion of the major part of the persons competing such court, that the party accused is or is not (as the case shall appear to them) guilty of the charge, and by pronouncing judgement therein (as upon a conviction by verdictt) of death, if the offence be capital, or of such corporal punishment, not extending to capital punishment, as to the said court shall seem meet; and in cases not capital, by pronouncing judgement of such corporal punishment, not extending to life or limb, as to the said court shall seem meet.

II. And be it further exuded, That the provost marshal, or Jtovoft other officer tpbe for that purpose appointed by such governor or lieutenant governor, shall cause due execution of such judge judgement of meat to be had and made under and according to the warrant the court of such governor, or lieutenant governor in the absence of the If five mem governor, under his hand and seal, and not otherwise: pro bcr8 do.not. Tided always. That execution shall not be had or done on any s^ovcj^ capital convict or convicts, unless five persons present in such tal offenders court shall concur in adjudging him, her, of them fd accused guilty, the and tried as aforesaid, to be respectively guilty, until the pro f*csuti<t2 ceedings shall bave been transmitted to his Majesty, and by him £epriced approved. bes t trans

III. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That routed to his the said court shall be a court of record, and shall have all such Majesty and powers as by the laws of England are incident and belonging to appr0ted

coo, of reed.

CAP. III.

Am ab for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while, on

Short- -- -- as 28 Geo. 2. 11. and the several acts

since, except the following sessions.

XX AND whereas it may be for the benefit of the service far

il. the commanding officer to have a power to exchange the billets or quarters of marines quartered in the same town or place; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the com Commanding manding officer of marines, in any rown or place where such ^hane^ma marine forces are quartered, shall, and hers hereby declared to 'ines in their hive power, from time to time, to exchange any marine or quarters,

marines

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1787.

marines quartered in futh town or place for any other marine or marines quartered in the same town or place, provided the number of men do not exceed the number at that time billetted on such houses respectively, where such men shall be exchang and the coned; and the constables, tithingmen, headboroughs, and other stables to bit chicf officers and magistrates of the cities, towns, and villages, accordingly. or 0, er paces where any of the said marine forces shall be 8 7' quartered, are hereby required to billet such men so exchanged accordingly.

Marines'

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

w».&c*not if any officer, military or civil, by this act authorised to quarter tered without kmiera nan' houses hereby appointed for that purpose, shah, content. at any time during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants, of any officer or marine, in any such houses, against the consent of the owners j Penalty. the party offending, if an officer of the marines, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, or judge advocate, be fa£io cashiered; and if a constable, tithingman, or other civil > officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty Shillings,

upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace; to be levied, by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducing reasonable charges in taking the same.

XXXII. And, for tbt better of m or such place where any officen or ball at any tine be',

pw«uy on be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, from and after officers and said twenty-fifth day of, one thousand seven hundred ftroyfne the atm* eighty seven, any officer or soldier shall, without leave of 6 the lord of the manor, under his hand and seal, first had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy, any hare, coney, pheafanr, partridge, pigeon, or any other sort of fowls, poultry, or fish, or his majesty's game, within the kingdom of Great,

and upon complaint thereof shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same (that is to say),

Every officer so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be distributed among the poor of the place where such offence Stall be committed; and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any marine under his command, shall forfeit the sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid: and if, upon conviction made by the justices of the peace, and detnand thereof also made by the constable or orer seers of the poor, such officers shall tefufe or neglect, and not within two days pay the said respective penalties, such officer (b sefufing or neglecting shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited, his commission, and his commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

A pro

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3.

A provilb in former acti in regard to Ireland left out.

XXXV U. And in order to prevent ail doubts tubith may arise in relation to punishing offences committed against former acts of par lament made for the regulation of the marine forces while on bore, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes and offences which have Iseen committed against any of the former acts in that behalf, shall and may, during the continuance of this present act, be inquired of, heard, tried determined, adjudged, and punuhed, before and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed against this present act maybe inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That no person shall be liable to be tried or puntshed for any offence committed against any of the said former acts, which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commis son or warrant for such trial; except only for the offence of desertion

for trial; except in cases of desertion

XLI. And be it further enacted, That, from the passing of this act, no marine, being arrested or confined for debt, in any prison gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment or company to which he shall belong.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high constable, eonstable, bedel, or other officer or per (bn whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting, any marine officers or private men, shall negkd or re&fe, for the space of two hours, to quarter or billet such officers or marines, when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of fetch forces; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for, any fom or f*ms of money, or any reward whatsoever, for or on account of excesing, or in order to excuse, any person or persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses, any such officer or marine or in case any victualler, or any other person liable by this act to have any oncer or marine bilktted or quartered on him or her, shall re fosse to receive or vidual any such officer or marine so quartered ar billetted upon him or her, as aforesaid; or shall refuse to fnraifh or allow, according to the directions of this act, the several things herein before respectively directed to be furnished ar allowed to non commissioti officers or marines so quartered or billetted on him or her, as aforesaid, at the rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness

or

II

Offences a gain(t former acts may he inquired of and punished at under this act.

Provided no person be liable to be tried for offences committed three years before issuing the warrant only. Marines, while confined for debt, not to receive pay.

Penalty o constables^cc. negkfting to quarter marines;

or taking money to excuse any person from quartering;

and on victuallers refusing to receive marines.

II Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4, 5. [ 1 y 8

or witnesses, (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), every such high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer or person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, or any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty Shillings, (as the said justice or justices, before whom, the matter shall be heard, shall, in his or their discretion, think fit) \ to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant under the hand and leal or hands and seals of such justice or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; and the said sum of five pounds, or the said sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of such parish.

XLIII. An for the better preventing abuses in quartering or bilutting the marines in pursuance of this afi9 be it further enacted ^rnfestn Dt y authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quartering, anc or any onc or more justice or justices of the peace, within justices may their, respective counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order order confta under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, at any blea to give time & tinjes during the continuance of this act to require and the^urnber command any high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer or officers and who shall quarter or billet any marines in pursuance of this private men, to give an account, in writing, unto the said justice or justices andrthe^c requiring the same, of the number of officers and private men quartered. Q shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the names

of the housekeepers or persons upon whom every such officer or private man shall be quartered or billetted, together with an account of the street or place where every such housekeeper dwells, and of the signs (if any) belonging to their houses; to the end it may appear to the said justice or justices where such officers and private men are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven — — 1 Geo. 3. C continued till June4> 1788, raised on exchequer bills, at 4l. ios. percent.

CAP. V.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven — — in the pound.

To be raised in Great Britain 2, 037, 627l. 9s. od. if. — In England and Wales 1)989, 673l. ns. 10d. 1 a. and in Scotland 47*95+/. if aut

bxxll. ANQ

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. 13

LXXII. AND be it further enacted, That the commission* commission jlv ers, clerks, and other officers, from time to time appointed and employed to manage the duties charged on lamp office^o be ed vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be assessed upon this assessed in act for their salaries, and other profits of their places, in Skire Shire Lane Lam ward, within the division of Saint Clemnt Danes and Saint ward

Mary le Strand? in the liberty of Westminster, where the salaries and other profits of the said of, clerks, and other officers, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty sire, were assessed, and not elsewhere; so as the full proportion which was assessed on the said division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the liberty of Westminster, in the j&id year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be again assessed thereon by virtue of this act, and so as any other division, district, parish, or place, to which the said office are or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion, in respect of the said salaries and profits, than it was in the said year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: provided always, That out of the sum to be assessed on the said A certain commifibners, clerks, and other officers, of the said duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, there shall men^tobe be paid to the collectors of the land tax for the division, district, paid to the parish, or place, to which the said office are or may be removed, collectore for one fourth part thereof, and also the whole of the land tax for thu d«l*r2 all additional of, clerks, and other additional offi* mnw be cers of the said duties, which shall or may have been created removed, since the twenty-fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or which shall or may be hereafter created; to be applied in aid of the assessment to be laid upon the said division, district, parish, or place, by virtue of this act.

LXXJIL And be it further enacted, That the of, commission clerks, and other officers, from time to time appointed and of

employed in the office for victualling his majesty's navy, shall i$ng office to be assessed upon this at for their salaries, and other profits of be assessed ip their places, in, to, or for the manor of East Smithfield, in the the manor of parish of Saint Botolph without jqdgate, within the Tower divi eaa smith lion, in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; so as the fic full proportion which was assessed on the said manor and parish be again a fife fled thereon by virtue of this act, and so as any ocher division, district, parish, or place, to which the said office are or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion in respect of the said salaries and profits, or any part thereof, than it was on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five: provided always, That out A certain of the sums to be assessed on the said of, clerks, and other officers, there shall be paid to the collectors of the land [the tax for the division, district, parish, or place, to which the said paid to the office are or may be removed, one fourth part of the sum or collectors for sums which may be assessed on all such of, clerks,

a andw

commissioners of the navy office, C to be assessed in the ward of Broad Street and Tower.

14 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5. [1787.

office may be and other officers of the said office, as have been created or ap removed. pointed between the fifteenth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-two, and the twenty-fifth day of December in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and also the whole of the land tax for all additional of, clerks and other additional officers of the said office, which shall or may have been created or appointed since the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or which shall or may be hereafter created or appointed; to be applied in aid of the assessment to be laid upon the said division, distria, parish or place, by virtue of this act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the of, clerks, and other officers, from time to time appointed and employed to transaa and manage the affairs and business of the navy pay office, and navy office, respectively, shall be assessed upon this act for their salaries, and other profits of their places, in the wards of Broad Street and Tower respectively, and not elsewhere; so as the full proportion which was assessed on the said wards of Broad Street and Tower respectively, be continued to be assessed thereon by virtue of this act, and so as any other division, distria, parish, or place, to which the said offices, or either of them, are or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion in respea of the said salaries and profits, or any part thereof, than it was on the twenty-fifth day of decern ber in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Accrtainpor eighty-five; provided always, That out of the sums to be afieffect, i2nj)f chon the said of, clerks, and other officers, employed te he to tran^a<^ an manage the affairs and business of the navy pay

coneaors for office, and navy office aforesaid, respectively, there shall be paid the distria to to the colleaors of the land tax for the division, distria, parish, which such or place, to which the said offices, or either of them, are or orffiramaybe may be removed, one fourth part of the sum or sums which e TC # may be assessed on all such of, clerks, and other officers of the said offices respectively, as have been created or appointed between the fifteenth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-two, and the twenty-fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and also the whole of the land tax for all additional of, clerks, and other additional officers of the said offices respectively, which shall or may have been created or appointed since the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or which shall or may be hereafter created or appointed to be applied in aid of the assessment to be laid upon the said division, distria, parish, or place, by virtue of this act.

XCIX. And whereas doubts have arisen as to the qualification by law required of the master of his Majesty's household9 the first clerk of the householdy the clerk of the kitchen, and several officers who, in virtue f their offices, have heretofore after, or may hereafter aft, as of for putting into execution so much of several acts of par.

i7*7 L Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6, 7. 15

lianeut, for granting an aid tt his Majesty by a land, as relates Si tit assessment an tbt palaces of Whitehall and Saint James, be

it enacted, That no other qualification, shall be required of any Qualification such officers, who shall act as commissioners by virtue of their [^ "master of offices or [daces, than the possession of such respective offices or honfe* places j an dthat no such officer shall be subject or liable to any hold, flee, penalty inflicted by any such acts, for having heretofore acted without being possessed of any other qualifications, which might hare been required by any such acts respectively, than such office or place.

Hermajesty the Queen not chargeable; nor hit royal highnest the prince of Wales, nor the dukes of Gloucester or Cumberland.

CAP. VI.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 17, 6)8, including 1, 030 invalids.

CAP. VII.

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the prorifions thereof more effectual.

sj Geo. j. C y,. 14 Geo. 3. c. 43. Recited acts and this act continued notil April g, sj8s, and no longer.

II. And whereas it is expedient that or lumber (being

tie growth or production of the territories belonging tt the United Stats of America) Should not be imported into the under the itmsurn of his Majesty in the West Indies, from any foreign island in tbt West Indies, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, during the continuance of this act, no j floor, flour, bread, rice, wheat, or grain of any sort, and no staves, bread, or

beacting, (hiogles, or lumber of any sort, shall be imported or lumber, to be brought into any island under the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, (in which description the Bahama and reien West

th e Bermuda or Somers Islands, are included, from any island in India island

the West Indies under the dominion of any foreign European so "7 Br* rereign or (late; any law, custom, or usage to the contrarytlul one notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That it shall be lawful, in cases of In cases of

public emergency or'distress, for any of the governors or com emergency,

minders in chief, for the time being, of any of the said islands "j nr

under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in He. of the

the West Indies, with the advice and consent of their respective West-india

councils, to authorise the importation of flour, bread, rice, islands, with

wheat, or grain, of any sort, staves, heacting, (hingles, or lum thflrf°?h^"*1'

her of any (brt, for a limited time, from any island in the West the im

Indies under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or portation of

date; and the said articles so authorised Audi, in every such flour, &c. from

wfcj other islands.

16 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 8, 9. [1787.

case, be allowed to be so imported during such limited time, and no longer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If goods of That if aqy goods or commodities whatever of the growth or thcg owthof produ(5tion of the territories belonging to the said United States state8o?a America, shall be imported into any of the said islands under mericabeim the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, other than such ported into as by any law now in force, or which mall hereafter be in force, the West-india or by virtue of this present actor by order of his Majesty in trary to tew, counc, snow arc or hall hereafter be permitted to be imported they are for into the said islands; or if any such goods or commodities as feited, with aforesaid shall be imported into the said islands, in any other the vessels, manner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present actor by order of his Majesty in council, the lame shall be forfeited, together with the ship or vessel in which such goods or commodities shall be imported or brought, and all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, belonging thereto.

Forfeitures to V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That*cjecorc^ every forfeiture incurred by this act shall and may be sued for, ^ofepre(bca pr°fecut^, and recovered, by such and the like ways, means, ing the cuf and methods, and the produce thereof disposed of, paid, and toms. applied, in such and the like manner, and to such and the like

uses and purposes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law respecting the revenue of customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the said islands respectively where the offence shall be committed; and that the produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied, in like manner in the said islands respectively; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding' '

VIII

An act for defraying the chaise of the pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty*fifth day of March, one thousand feverf hundred and eighty seven; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit description* of their qualifi catious to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpose till July X 1787.

CAP. IX.

An act for granting rates of pojiage for the conveyance of letters and packet sy between Great Britain and the port of Waterford, in the kingdom of Ireland, by way Milford Haven.

[Preamble.]

\\? WHEREAS it hath been found mceffarjy for the convenience V and improvement of trade and commerce, and for the more speedy conveyance of Utters and packets between Great Britain and Ireland, to establish packet beats between the port of Milford Haven in the county of Pembroke, and the port Waterford in the king

by. X'e

ta Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. ioi 17

Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the lords Jpiruual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from From April yt and after the fifth day of Aprils one thousrrtd seven hundred p^stage and eighty seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his forth/con majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies, Ycyance of by him thereunto fumciently authorised, to and for the use letters and or his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, re p?f*ct* £?* ceire, and take, for the port and conveyance of all and every yc'n t^water^ the letters and packets that shall be carried or conveyed, by ford packet boats, to or from the port of Milford Haven aforesaid, or to or from any other convenient port in the kingdom of Great Britain, from or to the port of Waterford aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient port in the said kingdom of Ireland, (over and above all other rates payable for the portage 2nd conveyance of such letters and packets), according to the rates and Turns hereafter mentioned, (the same being rated either by the letter, or by the ounce), that is to say,

For every ingle letter, sixpence < Rates of pofct

For every double letter, one shillingi€*

For every treble letter, one shilling and fixperlcej And for every ounce, two Shillings:

And foin proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, and other things.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no letter or packet, sent by the pod front Postage <rf or to London to or from the port of Waterford aforesaid, by letters from way of Milford Haven, shall be charged with an higher rate of postage thao letters and packets sent from or to London, to or by waves^Dublin, by the way of Holyhead, are now rated and liable Milford ha to pay. ven, not to

exceed the rates of postage between London and Dublin, by way of Holyhead.

ISLAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the moneys to arise by the rates and duties aforesaid, ex Moneys aris cept the moneys which shall be necessary to defray such expenses under this as shall be incurred in the collection and management of the proprlated^is shnic), shall be appropriated and applied to fetch and the same the present uses as the present rates and duties of pottage are now, or shall rates of post b.c. rcfjpectively made applicable. HP w arec

CAP. X.

An act to extend the provisions of an all made in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the preamble, r reign of bit present Majesty, entitled, An for the more citing6 tfedual encouragement of the British fisheries, it is enacted

That,

kf 8 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i q. £ i 78 7.

2*, northwest after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred, and eighty seven far the pace and term of [even yean tjyen next tnfuing* and from thence to the end of the then next session of partial mint) a bounty of twenty fallings per tonne shall be fmd annually in the manner therein after preferred, to the owner or owners of every decked vessel of not left than fifteen tonnes burden manned and navigated according to law 5 which fall be fitted out for and employed in the British white herring fifary* in the manner and under the regulations therein after dinefled and provided: and whereas by. poet of a dattfe in the said assit is also enabled That every buss or vessel in order to be deemed properly fitted out for and d\fly employed in the said fishery, so as to entitle the owner or owners thereof to the fmd bounty of twenty failings per tonne thereby granted according to the true intent and meaning of the said act Should be a deeked, buss or vessel built in Great Britain, after the first day of January V. thousand seven hundred and eighty: and whereas it is juj) and expedient that the said bounty Should be extended and paid to the owners of That part of all buffs and vessels whatever built in Great Britain, and employed the clause of in the said fishery, futyeft to the directions and provisions of the said whichre^dta a: may LI t^ere^orc please your Majesty that it may be enact the bounty of C 5 an be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty by sios per tonne and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem to decked poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing the passing of Present ad, that part of the said clause above recited,

this act, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and the said H. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the bounty ex bounty granted by the said act passed in the twenty sixth year f his present Majesty's reign, to the owner or owners of bufles ever buhttn or vesse^s» built after the first day of January, one thousand Great Britain, seven hundred and eighty, shall be extended and paid, and the and employed same is hereby extended and directed to be paid to the owner mi the said or owners of all bufles and vessels whatever, built in Great bri abjem*the* tan' aru* cibpk>yed n be said firtiery, subject to the directions said act. and provisions of the said act, which is hereby declared to be in full force, in all the provisions, directions, and clauses thereof, except in so far as the same are hereby altered.

III. And whereas by an act made and passed in the twenty sixth a6 Geo. 3. year of his present Majesty's reign intituled An act for the more C 81. recited, effectual encouragement of the british fisheries, it is amcngjl other things enacted, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven for the [pace and term of seven years then next ensuing and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament a bounty of twenty fallings per tonne fall be paid annually in the manner therein prescribed to the owner ff owners of every decked vessel* of not less than fifteen tonnes burden manned and navigated according to laws which fall be fitted out for and employed in far British white herring fishery* in the manner and under the regulations therein after directed and provided; and thqt every buss or vessel in order to be deemed properly fitted out for, and duly employed in the said fifary % so as to entitle the owner or owners

1787.] Anno wicesimo septimo Gsorqu III C io.*9

thereof to the bounty fall be a detkei buss or vessel built id

Great Britain, after the first day of Jtmuary, one tbwfand seven

homind and eighty and fall bow on board (barrelled up in none

barrels) twelve bufbsls of salt for every last of fish which fab buss or

veffu is capable of containing and as many more new barrels as fab

hufi or vessel is capable of carrying and also two hundred and fifty

fyttare yards of netting.for each tonne of buss measurements together

with the cufhmary quantity of other materials for the equipment and

Mounting of the faii two hundred and fifty yards of netting in the

ssary business but with liberty to make use of fab nets therein as

fall he hest adapted to the fishery; and fall have on board not

less than five men for the first fifteen tonnes, and one additional man for every five tonnes by which fah buss or vessel fall exceed fifteen tonnes

and jo Jhred* accoutered; ftcrmfbei* and manned salt clear out of

same sort of Great Britain, at sometime between the fifft>day of

June and the first day of october in one and the same par and fall

proceed immediately on though fifay, and fall there begin and continue to fish in an orderly regular manner without impeding or obstructing

any other vessel which fau be employed upon the fishtry, for the [pace

of three months at the leaf to be computed from the day upon which the master and crew of such buss or vessel fail first/boot or wet their

nets unlifs fab buss or vessel fall within that J'paie of time return

into port with a full cargo of fish* taken wholly by though master and

crew of such buss or vessel: and whereas it is expedient, in order to

prevent difficulties and mifundrrftan dings in regard to what is meant

by a full cargo offish* to declart what fall beseemed and taken to be

afull cargo of fish according to the intent and meaning of the

beretn before recited act; and it is also expedient to male further

provisions far encouraging the fishery* which II a valuable nursery No

of seamen and is the means of employing a great number of indkflrlous deemed to

men who have no other way of living but by the sea; it there have a full

fore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no buss of vessel cargo, if un,

ball be deemed or taken to have a full cargo of fish on board;

according to the intent and meaning of the said herein before four barrel

recited act, unless the quantity of herrings contained in such of herrings

cargo shall amount to, or exceed the proportion of four barrel once packed

of herrings once packed) or of three barrels of herrings twice ?£.tbrcc,

paeked, and completely cured, for every tonne of the said buse ot^forever.

vessel by achneafurement. tonne burden.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of June one thousand feveri From June r; hundred and eighty seven, the owner or owners of every decked 1787* decked buss or vessel of not less than fifteen tonnes burden, built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, the crews ofj*8 be which shall, between the first day of January any one year, entitled to the and the thirty first day of December in the same year have taken bounties in the deep sea fishery such a quantity of herrings, as shall granted by amount, when completely cured, either as white herrings or as aft^fthey red, to the proportion of six barrels of herrings for every tonne of take in one her burden by admeasurement, shall, during the continuance year the proof the aida be entitled, at the end of every such year, to a

id

cured, for every tonne burden, though they may not have been fitted out with the quantity of wit required by the said

An account of the quantity of herrings delivered from vef

port of deli very, 6cc.j

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. io; [1

bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne on her said burden, and shall also be infilled to the further bounty granted by the said stft of one shilling per barrel on the quantity of fish so taken and properly cured, either' as red herrings or as white, not with (landing such vessel may not have been fitted out with the quantity of nets, salt, and barrels required by the said recited a; which bounties of twenty Shillings and one shilling shall be paid by such and the same person or persons, " and in such and tbs same manner, as the bounties of twenty Shillings and one shilling, granted by the said recited act, are by that act directed to be paid.

V. And be it further enacted, That an account of the quantity of herrings delivered from on board any vessel which shall have been fitted out on the herring fishery, without being fur ni(lied with the quantity of nets, (alt, and barrels, required by fels not fitted law, and on which the bounty shall be claimed, shall be taken out agreeable at the respective times of such delivery by the proper officer of tvbelted Porr> which account shall be verified by the oath of the taken at the matter and mate of the vessel taken before the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the port, (which oath the said collector or comptroller, or other chief officer, is hereby authorised and required to administer); and the said mailer and mate shall also swear, that all the herrings so delivered were caught by the crew of the said vessel only $ and for every last of herrings fp delivered as aforesaid, the owner of th vessel claiming the said bounty dial), within the said year, or within fourteen days after its expiration, produce to the propfr officer of the port ten barrels of herrings properly cured, either as white herrings or as red: provided always, That of the vessels fitted out from any one port in Great Britain in any one year, not more oui m one l^an tt^all ke to the said bounty of twenty Shillings

year from the Per tonne which s herein before declared to be payable to such vessels built and navigated as aforesaid, and of not less than the aforesaid burden, as shall have been taken, within the time aforesaid, the quantity of herrings aforesaid, without being furnished with the quantity of nets, salt, and barrels, required by the said recited at of the twenty sixth year of his present ma jessy; and that if more than fifty vessels of not less than the aforesaid burden, and built and navigated as aforesaid, shall have been fitted out from any port in Great Britain in any one year, without being furnished with the quantity of nets, salt, and barrels, required by the aforesaid act, and shall have taken, within the aforesaid time, the quantity of herrings aforesaid, the said bounty shall be paid to those fifty vessels, the crews of which shall have taken, within the aforesaid time, the greatest quan*' lity of herrings.

and no more

than 50 such veffete, fitted out in one

lame port, shall be inti t ed to the bounty of 008. per tonne, which shall be paid to the 50 vessels that shall have taken the greatest quantity, if more than that number should be ftted out.

CAP. XI.

An act to explain and amend so much of on act made in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act for making perpetual so much of an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing county gaols; and also an act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual suppreluon of piracy; and for making more effectual the a St of the thirteenth year of the reign ot King Charles the Second, entitled, "An act for establishing arti des and orders for the regulating and better government of his majesty's ships of war and forces by Tea,' as fives difiretionary power to magistrates to commit vagrants, and other eriminaby offendersy and persons charged with mail offenctsy either to the common gaol or house of correction

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS doubts have arifeny whether such of the provi

Rons contained in an act, made in the sixth year of the reign a] his late mpjesty King George the Firjly (intituled An act for 6 Geo.i.e.l$.4 making petoetual so much or an act, made in the tenth year of the reign ot Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing counry gaols; and also an act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual supprellion of piracy; and for making more effectual the act of the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for establishing articles and orders for the regulating and better government ef his Majestfs Ships of war and forces by sea as give a discretionary power to justices of the peace, in their respective jurisdictions, to commit vagrants, and other criminals, offenders, and persons charged with small offences, either to the common gaol or house of correction, extend to offences committed against the provisions contained in acts of parliament made since the passing of the said recited at, where such offenders are ordered to be committed to the common gaol: and whereas it may be proper to extend the provisions of the said act; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any justice or justices of Justices map the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, to commit either to the common gaol, or to any house of correction, f^the house within his or their respective jurisdictions as to such justice or of correction. justices shall seem most proper, such vagrants, and other criminals,

offenders, and persons charged with or convicted of small offences, as by any law now in force, or hereafter to be made, be or they is or are, or shall be authorised to commit to the l«monpo, cj CAP.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 12. [1787.

CAP. XII.

n ofl to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to the right honourable sir John Skynner knight, late lord chief baron of dais Majesty's court rf exchequer, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services, and of his faithful and upright conduit in the execution of that (ffitfi.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble; thtthereas your Majesty, by your rnojl gracious tnefjbge to*V V your faithful commons, hath been pleased tojignify your desire

of conferring a mark of your royal favour on sir John Skynner knight, late lord chief baron of your Majesty's court of exchequer, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services, and of his faithful and upright conduit in the execution of that office; and that for that purpose an annuity of two thousand pounds per annum, clear fall deductions whatsoever, shouli be granted to the fold sir Jdhn Skynner knight, during the tertn of his life, to be paid out of your My efts civil list revenues: and whereas, by an all made in the twenty second 4*<oo. 5. year of your Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for enabling his

C 8a. f. 17. Majesty to discharge the debt contra61ed upon his civil list revenues; and for preventing the same from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the civil list), it is, among other things, enabled. That, from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no ptnsion exceeding the J'um of three hundred pounds a year shall be granted to or for the use of any one person, except as in the said all is mentioned: now, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjelh, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament qfsembled, duly considering your Majesty's mofi gracious intention, do mofi humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the His Majesty authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and impoweredto for his Majesty to give and grant to the said sir John Skynner John Skynner knight, (now l^c honourable sir John Skynner knight, one a life annuity f his majesty's most honourable privy council) an annuity or of a, ooool. per yearly sum not exceeding two thousand pounds, clear of all aw* dedu6tiops whatsoever, for and during the life of the said sir

John Skynner, to be paid and payable out of any of the hereditary or temporary revenues usually applied for the expenses of the civil government, and to commence from such time as to his Majesty shall seem proper; anything in the said recited a contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. Annuity to be

II. And be it further enacted, That the said annuity or yearly tax free. sum of thousand pounds, so to be granted to the said Gr John Skynner, shall not be charged with the payment of, or be

subject

2$

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.'

ttjeft to any tax, rate, or assessment imposed, or to be imposed, on pen&xis paid out of his majesty's civil list revenues by authority of parliament, or otherwise hbwfbever, nor to hny sees dually paid on the payment Of such pfcrrfions, nor to any other charges whatsoever; any 1* %, cbftom, dr usage, to the contrary thereof m any wise nmwwithstanding.

III. Provided neverthfcless, nd be it further enacted, That Nottoreftrafn bo gnat which shall be made by his Majesty, under the iutho} Majestjr riryof this act, shall extend, or bt construed to extend, to re ftriin his Majesty from making any Other grant of a pension

which he may now lawfully do under the provisions of the said mated ad.

An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue i for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominion! of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the pay merit of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt.

WHEREAS the present inode of charging and computing the Preamble Several duties of customs and exetfe, and other duties under tie management of the commisshners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, is in many infiances intricate and compheated, and productive of much mbarraffment to the persons who are to pay the y same, as well as of great perplexity in the accounts of the public revenue: and whereas it is necessary, for simplifying the collection of the duties to be granted by this act, that new provisions Should be made for the payment of the several charges to which different branches of the said duties are appropriated; and it will tend at all times to firengtbeu the public credit, that one general fund Should be efia b&jbed, comprehending all the different branches of the revenue, and liable to all charges which are now payable out of the same; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth From May id, day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, all 1787, the pre and singular the subsidies, customs, impositions, or duties what customs^and ever (respecting the revenue of customs) payable to his Majesty, present draw his heirs and successors, by virtue of any act or acts of parlia backs, to mem now in force, upon the importation of any goods, wares, cease, or merchandise, into Great Britain; or upon the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandise, from Great Britain; or upon any goods, wares, or merchandise, being brought or car tied coastwise, or from port to port within the said kingdom and the several and tespective drawbacks allowed upon the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandise, from Great

CAP. XIII.

*4 _ Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

Britain; or on any other account whatever, respecting the duties of customs; and also the additional imports or duties charged upon the product and amount of the said several duties of customs, shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven huit the duties of dred and eighty seven: provided always, That nothing in this package, ca contained mail extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal cityof6lon COR anyw^e ater t, ie duties of package, fcavage, balliage, or don, or any portage, or any other duties, payable to the mayor and corn other corpo monalty and citizens of the city of London, or to the lord mayor ration, not to of the said city for the time being, or to any other city or town this act.^corporat$ within the kingdom of Great Britain \ or to repeal or anywise alter the prisage of wines, the duty called butlerage, or the duty of twelvepence upon every chaldron of sea coal exported from Newcastle upon Tyne, to any other port or ports of this / realm, or to any special privilege or exemption, to which any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, is or are now entitled by law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

II. And whereas it is necessary that other duties of customs Jbouli be granted to your Majesty as aforesaid we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to your Majesty the several duties herein after mentioned; and do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be From May to, it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the M dy f one thousand seven hundred and eighty

irtthe sche e even lieu anc instead thereof, there shall be faised, levied, dules hereto collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, annexed to in ready money (except as herein after is provided), without th 1 draw.an<^ count whatever, upon the importation of any goods, back/therein wares> or merchandise into the kingdom of Great Britain, from to be allowed, parts beyond the feasor upon the exportation of goods, wares, in lieu of or merchandise from the kingdom of Great Britain; or upon those which goods, wares, or merchandise brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port within the kingdom of Great Britain, the several duties of customs, as the same are respectively inserted, de feribed, and set forth in figures in the schedule and tables hereunto annexed marked (AB. C D. E and that therp shall be paid and allowed the several drawbacks of the said duties of customs, as the same are also respectively. inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the said schedule and tables marked (A.B. C D. E.) \ any law, custora, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing contained in this act, or in any of the schedules and tables hereunto annexed marked (A.B. C D. ejy shall extend, or be construed to extend,

give.

are then to

drawbacks not to be allowed except the goods be

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i3.' t

bw, grant, or allow, to the exporter from Great Britain to properly cn forrign parts, of any foreign goods, wares, or merchandise tered for ex whatever, any drawback of the duties of customs, paid upon the importation thereof into Great Britain, or to authorise the repayment or allowance of the same, unless such goods, wares, years from or merchandise, shall be duly and in the manner heretofore their imoor* pra&fed, entered for exportation, with the proper officer of the tation, C castans, and actually shipped on board the ship or vessel in which the goods, wares, or merchandise, are intended to be exported, within the space of three years from the time such goods, wares, or merchandise, were originally imported into Great Britain (the time of such importation to be accounted from the matter's report inwards of his ship), and unless suffi rient proof be also first made by certificate from the proper officers of the due entry and payment of the duties inwards upon such foreign goods, wares, or merchandise, and by the oath or affirmation of the merchants importing and exporting the same, verifying and affirming the truth thereof, and the name of his majesty's searcher or under searcher in the port of London, or of nor nnlefii the Searcher of any other the out ports, testifying the shipping t^ct thereof to be exported, and unless such drawback be duly claim Govern CD within two years after such goods, wares, or merchandise, after To ship shall be shipped for exportation. ped.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties of customs by this at imposed, as shall Duties to be arise in thar part of Great Britain called England, shall be under ^yzement the management of the commissioners of the customs in England of the com for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part missioneiy of of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management customs in of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time Scotland rc

bong. spe lively.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several sums of money so respectively inserted, de New duties scribed, and set forth, in the said schedule and tables hereunto and draw annexed marked (A.B. C D. E.) as the duties of customs, al and the drawbacks of the duties of customs, upon, for, or in lowed in like" respect of the several goods, wares, or merchandise, inserted manner as the therein, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, old duties, raised, levied, cosse<sted, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed C

(except where any alteration is expressly made by this act) in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways, or methods, by which the former duties of cuf coins, and drawbacks of duties of customs, upon goods, wares, or merchandise in general, and also by any or either of the special means, ways, or methods, respectively, by which the former duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs, upon goods, wares, or merchandise, of the same sorts or kinds re fyectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed; and the goods, wares, or merchandise so by this at respectively made liable 19 the payment of, or chargeable with, duties of customs,

and the penalties for offences against any acts in force on May to, 1787, for securing the revenue, extended to this act, unless hereby altered.

The acts in force on May ip, 1787, relative to the customs, to remain in force, unless hereby altered.

What ships are meant by british built in the sche dulc.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13, [17# jr;

or so entitled to drawback duties of customs, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in the said schedule and tables hereunto annexed marked (A.B. C D. E.) upon the importation thereof into, or exportation thereof from, Great Britain or on any other account whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and, liable to all and every the conditions regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, or merchandise in general, and also all and every the special cpnditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, and forfeitures respectively, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandise respectively were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in fpree, on and immediately before the tenth day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, respedmgth* revenue of customs, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whatever, committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this act) shall, and are hereby dirtd ed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the fevers! duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every act of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, by which any conditions, rules, regulations, or retlric* tiens, were made, established, or directed, for the better securing the revenue of customs, o^for the regular importation into, or exportation from, Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying coastwise, or from port to port within the same kingdom, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any goods, wares, or merchandise whatever, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, shall, and are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effect, and shall be applied to the subject of this act, and for carrying the same into execution, as fully and effectually as if they bad been repeated and re enacted in this present act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wherever the words eritish built Ship, or british built Ships, are inserted in the said schedule or tables marked (A. C EJ) hereunto annexed, the same shall be understood, deemed, anti taken to mean a british btfxl ship! or britifo*built ships, or a

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. Q. igj 17

prize ship taken at lea, by letters of mark or reprisal, legally condemned in a court of admiralty, owned, navigated, and re gistered according to law, and none other.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in this act, or in the said schedule and Goods per tables hereunto annexed, shall extend, or be construed to ex Initttcddt?* tend, to subject to duty any goods, wares, or merchandise, wbkbj by virtue or in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament jd force on m force on and immediately before the tenth day of May one May 10, 17*7, thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, may, under particular to drtumstances and conditions, be permitted to be imported and entered without payment of any subsidy, custom, or other duty, cularly ebarg* unlefe the same are particularly charged with duties in the sche ed therewith dale or tables hereunto annexed marked (A.B. C D. E); and schc no notes are fobjoined to any article therein, referring to any dulc* former altor alta which provide an exemption from the duties of customs, under certain conditions, rules, regulations, and restrictioat, on the due performance of which, the exemption from any of the said duties hereby repealed, on such articles, would have depended if this act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed No drawback to extend, to allow a drawback upon the exportation of goods, to 1* granted wares, or merchandise, to any port or place to which a draw ^adtstn back was not allowed by any za or acts of parliament in force force on May on and immediately before the tenth day of May one thousand xo, 1787. seven hundred and eighty seven.

X. And whereas in the said schedule and tables hereunto annexed, terrain goods, wares, or merchandise are enumerated, and attain duties and drawbacks affixed thereto which goods, wares, or merchandise, although not absolutely prohibited, yet under particular cir emmftanas, by the laws in force on and immediately before the tenth day e/mzj, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, are not permitted to be imported into, or exported from, this kingdom $ be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That nono goods to thing contained in the said schedule and tables hereunto annex - be imported ed, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow or exported any goods, wares, or merchandise whatever to be imported a^intorce into, or exported from Great Britain, in any way or manner on May xo, contrary to any za or acts of parliament in force on and imme 1787*. unless diately before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hun p*j*c<* dred and eighty seven, except in any case where provision is expressly made for that purpose in the body of this act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed Bonds for to extend, to prevent the importers or proprietors of goods, duties may be wares, or merchandise, from securing by bond the whole duties doe and payable thereon by this act, except the duties on coals, for°coals. P which shall be paid in ready money without any discount, or liberty to bond the same,) provided the whole duties due and payable upon such goods, wares, or merchandise, on and immediately

All good imported to be entered at the customhouse, and landed, C except diamond, it C

If more than three dozen of bottle or ao gallons in calk of wine imported into any out port, be carried therefrom to within ao jniles of London, without a certificate that the difference of the duties at London and the out port i paid, the wine, &c. to le seized, See.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

mediately before the tenth day of Mdy, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, might have been so secured by any a St or z&s o( parliament in Force on and immediately before the tenth day of Mayt one thousand seven hundred and eighty? (even.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all goods, wares, or merchandise imported or brought into Great Britain with an intent to be landed, except diamonds, jewels, pearls, precious (tones, and builion, and fresh fish, British taken, and imported in british built ships or vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to law; and also except turbots and lobsters, however taken or imported; whether such goods, wares, or merchandise are or shall be liable to duty or not, shall be regularly entered at the customhouse, and landed in the presence of the proper officer or officers, who shall examine the same, and shall not deliver them out of his or their custody and possession, until he or they shall have taken a particular account of the quantity and species of such goods.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, no wine of any sort, exceeding the quantity often galions, which at any rhyme shall have been imported from foreign parts into any out port of this kingdom, shall be brought, removed, or carried from such out pert, or from any port or place whatsoever, either by land or by water, into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to any place whatsoever within the distance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, before the owner or proprietor of such wine shall have paid unto the collector, or other proper officer of the customs nearest to the place from whence such wine is intended to be removed, the difference of the respective duties payable at the out ports and in the port of London, in addition to the duties which shall have previously been paid on the importation of such wine at any out port, which duties are respectively ascertained, described, and set forth in the schedule hereunto annexed marked [A.) 5 and if any quantity of wine in bottles exceeding three dozens, or in a calk or calks exceeding ten galions, shall at one and the same time, and in one and the same carriage, be brought, removed, or carried, either by land or by water, into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to any plaec whatever within twenty miles of the said Royal Exchange, without a certificate from such collector or other proper officer of his majesty's customs, expressing the quality and quantity of such wine, and certifying that the difference between the duties payable at the out ports and those which are due in the port of London, on the importation of such wine, have been duly paid and satisfied, or that the same was wine sold for salvage, or that the same has been compounded for, or condemned, such wine shall be forfeited, together with the calks and vessels containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the custoqas or excise9 and prosecuted in such manner as any

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 09

wipes, for which the duties of customs or excise have not been paid, may be seized and prosecuted.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further ensued by the authority aforesaid, That if, after the removal of any such wine. If wine fb and after payment of the duties payable thereon, in any of the

out ports, and also of the difference of the respective duties pay port Lon. able at the out ports and the port of London, on the importation don, for which of such wines, and before the same shall be brought into the the duties yon of London, or the members thereof, or to any place what ever within the distance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange jh0ulch>e* of London, such wine shall happen to be (laved, or to be lost, dated, the or perish, the of of his majesty's customs, or any owner shall four of them (proof having been made upon oath, to their fa J ^pdd ^5 tisfa&ioo, that such wine has been so ftlived, or has been lost, theories at or has perished, as aforesaid), shall cause repayment to be made the out port to the owner or proprietor of such wine, of so much money as and at Lon* the difference of the duties psyable for such wines in any out d0d* port and in the port of London shall amount to; such repayment to be made out of any of the duties of customs payable by virtue or in pursuance of this at.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all goods, wares, or merchandise of the growth, product. Goods im or tnanufadurc of India, China, or of any place or country within the limits of the charter or charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, froth places and imported by the said company, on which goods, wares, or within the merchandise specifick duties of customs, and drawbacks of the of tjjc*r said duties, are not particularly affixed as such in the schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, shall be subject and liable to which are not such duties of customs on importation into, and entitled to such specified in drawbacks on exportation from, Great Britain, as are respectively affixed thereto, and set forth in the table hereunto annexed the dudes^et* marked (B.); and that the value and price of the goods, wares, forth in table or merchandise, according to which the duties of customs re (8.), C ipcsively affixed, and the drawbacks respectively set forth in the said table hereunto annexed marked (B.) are to be secured, levied, collected, answered, paid, and allowed, shall be afeer rained by the gross. price at which such goods, wares, or merchandise shall have been respectively sold at the public Tales of the said united company of merchants trading to xht eajiindies, without any deduction or allowance of any kind whatever; any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas, in framing the schedule of the duties and Recital of the irawheis hereunto annexed marked (A.) it was deemed expedient to books of rates mit certain species of goods which had been infer ted in the two books

if rotes, one of which was made by and in pursuance of an all of & the nth pr foment made and passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Geo. 1. C XI Charles the Second, and the other by and in pursuance of another act if parliament made and passed in the eleventh year of the reign of Lug George the First, same of those articles having been described

in

3. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. £17871.1

th terms eibf&ett, and not at this time f

therein mentioned being not now in and to omit 'other rah

the said schedule, by reason that the great druerfity of value of the;

several speeiet thereof would 1

be imposed thereon, payable ateording to the gauge, or j

measure of futbarticles: in order therefore to ascertain what \ ball be paid on the importation and what drawbacks shall be id. an the exportation, of all manner of goods, wares, or merchandixo not otherwise particularly charged with duties in the said on tables, and not exempted ortherefrom by parliament

in force on and immediately, before the tenth day of why, thousand seven hundred and eighty fovea, and not being imported by the united company of merchants England trading East Indies; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, all manner of goods, wares, 'or merchandise, on whico certain specifick duties, according to the weight, talc, gauge, or measure thereof, are not imposed, affixed, and after duties and en tained, in the schedule marked (A.) and not being exempt from ba°ka*by any a f parliament in force on and immediately be so forth in forc the tenth day of Mayone thousand seven hundred and (D.) eighty seven, and not being imported by the united company of unless exemp merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall be subject ted by law, and liable ta such duties on the importation thereof into Great Britain, and entitled to such drawbacks on the exportation thereof fcom Great Britain, as are imposed, ascertained, and let forth in the table hereunto annexed marked (D.) except as is herein after provided.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the value of non enumerated goods, wares, ormerchtn dize, according to which the duties hereby imposed and after ascertained by tained, and set forth in the tables hereunto annexed marked the importer C andd.) are to be levied; collected, and paid, shall beafcer or proprietor, tained by the declaration of the importer or proprietor of such "n "er goods, or his known agent or fidor, in manner and form fbl tioned;lowing; (that is to say),

All goods, whole duties arc not filed by schedule A.) to be liable to the

1

or imported by the India company.

The value of non eno aerated goods to be

1a. B. do hereby declare, That the goods mentioned in this entry, and contained in the packages [here specifying the several packages, and describing the several marks and numbers, as the case may be] are of the growth, production y or manufacture [as the case may be] of and that I am the importer

or proprietor thereof or that I am duly authorised by bin [as the case may be] and I do enter the same at the value of fvttness my handy the day of

Aa Bo

The above declaration, signei the day of in the

jprcfence of

C D. coliccior.

£ F. comptroller, or other principal officers

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

Which declirarioo shall be written on the warrant of the entry of such goods, wares, or merchandise, and shall be subscribed with the band of the importer or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or factor, in the presence of two of the principal officers of the customs at the port of importation, of which the collator shall be one who shall certify the same under their hands; and such declaration, so made and signed as herein*be whichdecfa* fere directed, shall be to all intents and purposes whatever of rwti°«a the lane force and effect; and the importer or proprietor of such btad^he i goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be in every re(pe& bound porter or by fecb declaration, as fully and effectually, as if the value of proprietor todi goods, wares, or merchandise, had been as heretofore ascertained by the oath or affirmation of such importer or pro pwctor; and if upon view and examination of such goods, oath; and if wares, or merchandise, by the proper officer or officers of the such goods be custocns, it shall appear to him or them that such goods, wares, undervalued, or merchandise, are not valued according to the true price or ken sorts? value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of use of the this act, then if shall and may be lawful for the proper officer crown, 00 or officers of the customs to detain such goods, wares, or mer PT, n fr chandhe, and to cause the same to be conveyed into his Ma jj* herein jesty's warehoose, or otherwise properly secured, at the port of mentioned, importation, and to take such goods, wares, or merchandise, for the use and benefit of the crown, within eight days from the laading thereof, in case the goods shall have been imported into the ports of London or Leith, and within fifteen days iron) the landing thereof in case the goods shall have been imported into aay other ports in this kingdom than the ports of London or Lath; and the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, are hereby impow ered to direct the receiver-general and cashier of his majesty's customs, in case such goods, wares, or merchandise, shall have been imported into the port of London, to pay, out of any money in his bands arising from the revenue of customs, to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandise, the value thereof (o ascertained as aforesaid, together with an addition of ten pounds per centufn thereon, and also the duties paid on the importation of such goods, wares, or merchandise, but without any further allowance, either on account of freight, or any other charge or expense whatever, which payment mall be made within fifteen days after the said goods, wares, or merchandise, shall have been so taken, in case the value of the same shall exceed twenty pounds, and without delay, if the value of the goods, wares, or merchandise, shall not exceed twenty pounds; and in case such goods, wares, or merchandise, shall have been so taken and detained in any port of this kingdom, other than the port of London, the collector of the customs in (och port, with the privity of his comptroller, shall, and he is hereby authorised and required so make such and the like payment, out of any money in his hands arising from customs, to

the

a

Goods so taken for the use of the crown may be sold, and if they produce more than all cost and charges! a moiety of the overplus may be given the officers who examined them, C

The value of goods, charg able with duties according thereto on exportation to be afeer tained in the manner herein mentioned;

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares or merchandise, so taken and detained as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such payment so made to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be in full satisfaction for the same, to all intents and purposes, as if the said goods, wares, or merchandise had been regularly sold; and it shall and may be lawful for the of of his majesty's cuf toma in England, or any four or more of them, and the of of his majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, respectively, to cause the said goods, wares, or merchandise to be fairly and publicity sold to the bed advantage; and in case there shall be any overplus remaining from the produce of such Tale, after deducting the value so ascertained as aforesaid, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties paid on the importation, and also the charges arising from the warehousing and sale of such goods, the said of of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, shall and may order one moiety of such overplus to be paid to the several and respective officers of the customs concerned in the view and examination of such goods, wares, or merchandise, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their duty; and the other moiety of such overplus, together with the amount of the value of the goods, so ascertained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum, and also of the duties paid or payable on the importation thereof, shall be paid to the collector of his majesty's customs in that port within which the said goods, wares, or merchandise shall have been sold; but in case it shall so happen that the produce of such sale, after deducing the charges arising from the warehousing, securing, or sale of such goods, shall not exceed the value of such goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties paid on the importation thereof, that then, and in such case, the whole produce of the sale of such goods, wares, or merchandise, after deducing the charge arising from the warehousing, securing, and sale thereof, shall be paid into the hands of the collector of his majesty's customs in that port within which the said goods shall have been so sold.

XIX. And whereas certain goods, wares, or merchandise are by this act charged with, and made subject to, duty on exportation from this kingdom, according to the value thereof; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the value of finch goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be ascertained by the declaration of the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandise, in manner and form following; (that is to say,

I A.B. do hereby declare, That lam the exporter or proprietor of A the goods mentioned in this entry i and I do enter the Jam at the value of

Witntft

V

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

Witness my bend, the day of

A.B.

Tbt above declaration, signed iht day of in tk$

Prefmaif

C D. collector.

E. F. comptroller, or other principal officer.

Which declaration shall be written on the entry outwards of fsch goods, wares, or merchandise, and shall be subscribed with the hand of the exporter or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or factor, in the'presence of two of the principal officers of the customs at the port of exportation, of which the collector shall be one, who shall certify the lame under their hands; and such declaration, so made and signed as herein directed, shall be to at) iotents and purposes whatever of the same force and efieft, and the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be in every respect bound by such dedara tien as fully and effectually, as if the value of such goods, wares, or merchandise had been, as heretofore, ascertained by the oath of affirmation of such exporter or proprietor; and if, upon view and examination thereof by the proper officer or officers of the customs, it shall appear to nim or them that such goods, wares, or merchandise are not valued, by the declaration of the exporter nr proprietor thereof, according to the true price or value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this a, that rhen, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said officers of the customs to detain the same, in such and the like manner as the officers of the customs are by this act authorised to detain goods, wares, or merchandise imported into Great Britain from foreign parts, and liable to pay duty at value according to the declaration of the importer or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or factor, and which shall appear to be undervalued 5 and such goods, wares, or merchandise, so appearing to be undervalued by the exporter or proprietor thereof, shall be secured in such manner, and under such and the like regulations, and shall and may be disposed of, and the produce applied, in such manner, and under such and the like regulations, as goods, wares, or merchandise imported into Great Britain from foreign parts, and liable to pay duty at value according to the declaration of the importer or proprietor thereof, and which shall appear to be undervalued, are by this a directed to be detained, secured, and disposed of, and the produce thereof applied*and the exporter or proprietor shall in such case be paid itv like manner, and under the like authority, by the receiver-general and cashier of his majesty's customs, in case the goods, wares, or merchandise shall be entered for exportation in the port of London, or by the collectors of his majesty's customs at the other ports of Great Britain respectively, if the goods shall be entered for exportation at any other port than see port of London, out of any money in his or their bands arising

3?

which declaration of the value shall be as binding as if made on oath, and if the goods are undervalued, to be disposed of, See. as goods imported and undervalued are directed to be.

goncaort of the customs to aooeurat for money received for fate of goods undervalued as for duties granted by chis act.

Portage to matters of

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

ing from the revenue of customs, the value of such good, wares, or merchandise so ascertained as aforesaid by the exporter or proprietor thereof, together with ten pound per m tum, and also the customs paid ort the entry for exportation of such goods, wares, or merchandise, without any further allowance on any account whatever; which payment shall be mads within fifteen days after the said goods, wares, or merchandise shall have been so taken and detained.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority afoisaid, That whatever money shall be paid into the hand of any «td* lector of the customs in any port of this kingdom, on acoevnt of the produce of such fate, shall be, by every such collectar, applied in like manner as if the same had been received by tkhn on account of the' duties of customs by this a granted and imposed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the bounty or allowance to maftett

ships to cesfe of ships inwards, commonly called and known by the name of

at May 10, 1787.

Redial of treaty between his Britannic Majesty and the most Christian king.

Portage, shall cease and determine, and the same shall oof be paid or allowed to the mailer of any ship or vessel, who shall not have duly made his report at the customhouse on or beferethe tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fevan, any custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas, byd treaty of navigation and commerce ltd concluded between his Britannic Majesty and the most Chrifiittn king, signed at Versailles the twenty sixth day of September, '#/ thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and by a convention signed on the fifteenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, it is agreed', that olive oil, vinegar, brandy, linen, porniaht, earthenware, and pottery, phteglass, and glass ware, beer, hardware, cutlery, cabinet ware, turnery, musical instruments, camhitts, or French lawns; all works of iron, fieel, topper, and brass, purser mixed; and all sorts of cottons and woollens, whether knit of above, including bofiery manufactured in the European dominions uf'tbt French king \ fadlery, gauzes, and millinery made up of tmtflm, lawn, cambrick, or gauze, or of any other article which may hi legally imported into this kingdom, of the manufacture of France, or of arty of the European dominions of the French king, and also' French wines, shall, for a limited time, be imported into Great Britain on payment of certain duties, as in the said' treaty and convention ate respect 'tvety fiipulated and agreed an, and that other therebandhses shall pay the duties payable by the most favoured European nations: and whereas same of the beffre tnenttoned articles dre either pofithety or dreumftantiatty prohibited to be imported into this kingdobt i be it Pram May xo, therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and Vf after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and arddm beiey eighty seven, until the tenth dty of May, which will be in the in eaumerat' year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, and no longer, edmaybeim it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whatever to ittjpoit or bring into Great Britain, either for sale or

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i j. 35

rfirraiy from France, or from any place in the domi dominion! of

nion* of the French king, any vinegar, brandy, linen, porce the French lain, earthen ware and pottery, plate glair and glass ware, beer, fn^hedooer hardware, cutlery, cabinet ware, turnery, musical instrumente, rpedfied ip cam bricks or Prtntb lawns, thread, bone lace, works of iron, the annexed steel, copper, and brass, pure or mixed, cottons and woollens tables, fc.) of all fats, whether knit or wove, including hohery, fadiery, gaoaes, and millinery made up of mnflin, lawn, cambrick, or gauge, or of any other article which may be legally imported uh this kingdom, being of the manufacture Frame, or of any of the Evrtptan dominions of the king also Frtmb

wines in calks from any place in the Eurtptan dominions of the Frtmb king, in such manner, 'and under Inch regulations, at such wines may now by law be imported from Promt; and also Frtmb wines in bottles or stalks, as well for fate as for private use, except as is herein after provided, from any place in the Ewnytan dominions of the Frtmb king, or from the Hlands of Gtterxfey, yerftj, or Alderney, in such manner, and under such regulations, as the same may now by law be imported from Frrnu, for private use; and olive oil, the product or manufacture of France or of any place in the dominions of the French king, from any part of the Netherlands belonging to or under the dominion of the French king, in built shipa

or vessels, owned, navigated, and registered, according to the laws in forte on or' immediately before the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, or in -

built ships or vessels owned by and belonging wholly to the subject of the French king, and whereof the master and three worths of the mariners, at the leafy are the fgbjc&s of the Frtmb king, 00 payment of the fevers! and respective duties due and payable on the importation thereof, as the same are respectrivdy infer ted, described, and let forth in the table and schedule hereunto annexed marked C and IF.)

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all cambricfcs or French lawns legally imported, shall and Cambncks or stay be worn, used, or con fumed in Great or sold or !na

poled to fele therein, and shall not be subject to feraure or po^ed, worn, forfeiture on account of such importation, nor shall the person or sold or persons who shall import, wear, use, or consume the same, or who shall fell, or expose to fele, the same, or have the same in his, her, or their custody or possession, be liable to any penalty or penalties, fine or fines, whatever, for wearing, using, confoming, selling, or exposing to fele, the same; any law, coftom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the importers or proprietors of any cambricks or French Cambrick* lawns, which, before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven r" bond red and eighty seven, shall have been imported into gr«rf£*port*tioi», Britain for exportation, from any part or place in the European before May dominions of the Frembking* and lodged according to law in a78*> mrehouse belonging to his Majesty, ot which shall, on or bed

2 f tody of the

3 6 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

[1^87.

owner, bn fore the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and paving the eighty seven, be lawfully so imported into Great Britain for that

m'. purpose, shall, after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven V*hundred and eighty seven, be at liberty to take and receive the same into their own custody and possession, either for fate and

consumption in this kingdom, or otherwise, fitch importertor proprietors first making a regular entry of all such cam brick or ' French lawns with the proper officer of the customs, and paying

such duty for the same as cambricks or French lawns, imported*after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, are by this present at made subject and liable to, and cam end all cambricks or French lawns under seizure by any officer brick seized or officers of the customs, or which shall or may be seized by faraeday'may any officer or officers of the customs, on or before the tenth day be sold for 1 of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, shall home con and may, after condemnation, be sold for consumption in this fumption. kingdom, and no person shall be subject or liable to any penalty for having the same in his custody or possession, the purchaser or purchasers thereof first making a regular entry of all such cambricks or French lawns with the proper officers of the customs, add paying fugh duty for the same as cambricks or lawns, imported after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, are by this act made subject and liable to; any law, custom, or ufagp, to the contrary notyrith cambricks (landing C provided nevertheless, That nothing in this adtcon imported in tained shall extend, or b construed to; extend, to permit or than*<o tonnes a^ow» during the time limited by this acts, the importation of burden, and any cambricks or French lasvrw. other than II ships or vessela of in bale not the burden of sixty tpqjtdr upwards and# bales, cases, or containing boxes, covered with'fackclojh or canvss, each of which bale, of ioo pieces, M or boxes, halj contsm) one hundred, whole pieces, or two and French'hundred demi or half pieces,: of cambricks or French lawns; or wines in the importation of any French wines in bottle or flaiks, other packages con than in packages, each of which shall contain at the lead three than^f ddfen dozep repoted quart bottles or ftasks; and in case any cambricks qirarts, to be or French lawns, or any French wines in bottles or ftasks, shall forfeited. be imported in any other way, form or manner, or in any left quantity, the same shall, and' are hereby declared to be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs.

XXV. And whereas diverse tf the lata.at well as the present

le fiors er receivers of the revenue tf by reafen tf the greet

numbers of branches of the revenue tf heretofore granted u his present Majesty, and to his royal predettjfors, have, in many fiances, applied erroneously to one branch of the revenue ef tufttm the

money properly belonging and applicable to another, by which meant the accounts of fetch tolled!ors or receivers remain unsettled and unliquidated; be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore the comtnif laid. That it shall and may be lawful for the commissionere of Goners of cuf his majesty's customs in England for the time being, or any cttheac ct our or ore of them, and the of of his majesty's

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 15. 37

customs In Scotland for the time being, or any thrfc or more of counts of col them, finally to settle and close the account % of such latt or pre ic?ori °* seat collectors or receivers of any partof the revenqe of customs, hvvvapplied or other duties under their management, notwithstanding their mooeybc having so erroneously applied to one branch of the revenue of lorigingtooae customs the money properly belonging to another $ and the said branch of the couiflii/soiiers are hereby respectively empowered to correct such Mother application, in order to prevent the accounts of any such late or branch, prdent collectors or receivers from being kept open, unsettled, and unliquidated; and all such corrections shall, and are hereby directed to be allowed by the commissioners for better examining and auditing the public accounts of the kingdom, in the passing the general account of customs, subsidici, and imposition.

XXVI. And whereas it is expedient that the several duties tf customs granted by this eft should be paid into the hands of she receiver-general and cajbur of his Majtftfs customs, as soon as may be, and teas the accounts of the several persons employed in the collection ar receipt of such duties Should be frequently settled and adj listed, in order that the balance of ccjh remaining in their hands if any) may at all time 1 be clearly ascertained and known, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Indi* day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the

mired company of merchants of England trading to the East times they Indies shall pay, or cause to be paid, into the hands of the r become due ceivor geneml and cashier of his majesty's customs for the time Jjf their being, all and every sum or sums of money due and payable from the said united company, on account of the duties of cuf ncrai Of the toms, at the several and respective times and periods when the customs, time shall become due and payable by law; and that the said whosereceipt receiver-general and cahier of nis majesty's customs shall give, cash

or cause to be given, to the said united company, a receipt for by the coj. the moneys so paid for and on the account of the collector of his lector. Majesty's customs, to whom such sum or sums of money are by law now due and payable, which receipt, when delivered to such colkdor, shall be received by him as cash; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand pjj*'*8.001' seven hundred and eighty seven, every person employed in the j'df' port of London in the collection or receipt of any part of the dontobepjd duties of customs, shall pay into the hands of the said receiver to the receiv general and cahier of his majesty's customs the whole of the er general on moneys which he shall receive on account of the duties of cu the day.^stoms, on the day on which he shall receive the same, or as near arc receiv # the whole as may be, save and except such sum or sums of money as shall, from time to time, by virtue of the special order of the.of of his majesty's customs in England for the time being, or any tout or more of them, (as heretofore), be directed to be deduced, paid, or allowed therefrom.

XXVIIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

d3 That,

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

don, to be paid by the receiver-general.

Moneys due

That, from and after the tenth day of one thousand seven 2"^ebeb* "r hundred and eighty seven, ah and every sum or foms of money or premium" which shall Appear to be due on any debenture for the payment if due in Lon Of any part of the duties of customs on goods, wares, or merchandize exported from Great Britain, or any debenture, certificate, or other instrument or document whatever, for the payment of any money by way of premium, bounty, allowance, er otherwise, directed by this act to be paid out of the duties of customs, or by any other act or acts of parliament in force m and immediately before the tenth day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, or by the special order or dk redion of the said commissioners of his majesty's customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, where such payment or allowance shall become due in the port of London, shall be paid or allowed to any person or persons whatever, properly authorised to receive the same, by the receiver-general and cashier of his majesty's customs for the time being out of any moneys in his hands arising from the duties of customs and every such payment or allowance, (o made by the said receiver-general and cashier of his majesty's customs, shall, and is hereby directed to be allowed by the commissionerr for the better examining and auditing the public accounts of this kingdom, in the settling or auditing or the accounts of the rest calmer of his majesty's customs s any law.

ceiver general and

custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Such deben That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be cmrftrued (0

' "re due extend, to prevent or hinder any of the collectors or Wceivtft in London, of j, is majeny's customs in any port of Gnat, other than

may be paid. why

the rapec e port of London, from making such payments or allowance, tive collectors out of any of the moneys in their hands, arising from the duties

at the out ports

This act not of customs, on account of any debenture or certificate, or by virtue of any instrument or document whatever, as they would have been authorised to have done if this act had not been made.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend,

fedatthoun to ater or any way any bounty or premium whatever, ty or pre now payable by law out of" any part of the revenue of the cu mium now stoms, on the importation into, or on the exportation from, this payable out of kingdom, of any goods, Wares, or merchandise; but that the same shall continue, and be paid and allowed as heretofore j and the proper officers of the customs, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, are hereby authorised and required to pay and allow the same, out of any money in their hands arising from customs.

XXXI. And whereas certain rules, orders, dinflms, andrcgk lations, are annexed to the two books of rates herein before mentioned

under the following titles or heads', (that is to Jay), Those annexed to the said book of rates made in the said twelfth year of the reign of King Qharles the Second, under the title or bead of certain rules, orders,

di

the revenue of customs.

7a Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. cij.

finffiaos, and allowances, for the advancement of trade, and «o«t|emtat of the merchant, at also for the regulating, as ?tu of the merchants in making due entries and just payments tf then customs, as of the officers in all the ports of this king dew in the faithful di (charge of their duty; annexed

the fed bukaf rates eeeodt in the jdideleventh year reign tf

his late majesty King George the First, under the title or bead if ftuies, orders, and regulations: and whereas it it expedient that tie same Jbauld be repealed: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth day of May, From May to, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the several rules, ft the orders, directions, and regulations, annexed to the said two to the twt> hooka of rates, and everything therein contained, shall be re books of rates pealed; and the same are hereby repealed, and declared to be of is Car. s. mill ami void to all intents and purposes whatever, except such andtioeo.i. part or parts thereof as are re enacted in this act. ' repeal

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fresh fish of every kind or sort whatever, caught or taken "fj* in any past of the ocean, by the crews of any ships or vessels built kiitvs Ms in Great Britain, Ireland, the islandaof Jerpy, or Man, Majestr'* door

in any of the colonies, plantations, istands, or territories, minions, and which now belong, or at the time of building such ships or vef feh did belong, or which may hereafter belong to, or be in the

pofidbonaf, his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and wholly be subjecti, mar lodging to and owned by his majesty's subjects usually residing be imported so Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of, Jersey, or without par

Jtfan, and navigated and registered according to law, shall and in*dutf*

'y be imported into Great Britain, in ships built, owned, navigated, and registered as aforesaid, without payment of any duty of customs whatever; anything in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods, wares, or merchandise whatever, on If goods on which specific duties are payable by this act according to the weight, tale, gauge, or measure thereof, and which shall be im liy^ng to posted or brought into Great Britain from foreign parts, after their weight, Xbc tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty &c. (hold be seven (except wine, tobacco, raisint, and currants), shall receive damaged on any damage by hit water or otherwise, during the course of the proportion voyage, after such goods, wares, or merchandise shall have able allow been laden or shipped in foreign parts, and before the same shall ance out of be unftupped or discharged from the ship or vessel in which they shall be imported into Great Britain, so that the owner thereof the shall be prejudiced in the sale of such goods, wares, or merchant, to be etnodize, the principal officers of the customs, or any two of ascertained as them, whereof the collect or for the time being shall be one (the he"'" di pmf of such damage being first ascertained in the manner re rtited' quired by law, on and immediately before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven), shall have power to chooie two indifferent merchants, experienced in the values of such. goods, waves, ocmerchandise, who upon viewing the

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (17b7+

same shall certify and declare, upon their corporal oath*r first administered by the said officers (who are hereby authorised add empowered to administer the same), what damage such goods, wares, or merchandise, have received, and how much the 4kmt are lessened in their true value, according to such damage, in cdfa* lion to the duties seton them in the schedule hereunto annettnt marked (A.); and thereupon the proper officers shall, and thfey are hereoy authorised and required to make a just, reasonable, and proportionable allowance to the merchant, by way of return or repayment out of the duties due and which shall hove been actually paid for the same.?

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Goods to con authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall fdue 10d* - tcnc^ or con^rue^ to extend, to permit or allow any goods, laden \nndun' wares or merchandise to be laden or unladen at any other officers of the places, or at any other times or hours than is now by law al customs to lowed, nor to alter or vary the lawful hours for the attendance attend at the of the officers of his Majesty's customs respectively, nor to alter, antthe same vary repeal>or n any respect increase the fees established by hrw fees to be re to the officers of his majesty's customsj but the same shall, wad ceived, as are hereby declared to continue and remain severally and re nowestablish speeftively as they were on and immediately before the tenth day ca bylaw. cf one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore From May zo, said. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand 1787, the seven hundred and eighty seven, all and Angular the duties, al of excive tc>c8 l°wances» bounties, and drawbacks of excise, and other duties cease, except un^cr the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, granted by any act or acts of parliament now in force, and also the additional imposts or duties charged upon the product and amount of the said several duties, shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before, or on the said tenth day of May, one thousand seven

on malt, mum, hundred and eighty*seven, and further, save and except the du cyder, and ties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, granted by two several Gcc7 q 6. as parl*arocnt> made in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, the one inntituled, an act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the Jervtce of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six 5 and the other. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and and ahb ex eighty seven; and save also and further except the rates or duties cept duties on payable for any licence or licences which the said of 1 cenced h exc^c'or any or e^ber of them, or the colle&ori* supervisors, commission or officers f excise, or any of them, are or have been, by any era of excise $ or aft of parliament in force on and immediately before the

and 27 Geo. 3. c

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. ijl 41

said tenth day of Mayy one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven authorised or empowered to grant.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth day of ay, one thou n (and seven hundred and eighty seven, in lieu and instead of the ad duties of excise, and other duties under the management of the duties the findcommissioners of excise respectively, by this act repealed, specified in there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, schedule r). his bars and successors, upon the several goods, wares, mer annexed*tc ehandize, and commodities mentioned and described in the sche dole marked (F.) hereunto annexed, the several foms of money and duties of excise, as they are respectively inferred, described, and fct forth in the said schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities, for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by this act imposed, to the several persons entitled to the same, the several allowances, bounties, and drawbacks of excise, as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedule; and also all other such special allowances as are particularly directed by any act or acts of par rament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of j&y, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties of excise by this act imposed as New duties ibail arise in that pan of Great Britain called England, shall be be under under the management of the commissioners of excise in Eng ^cn?of tbt knd for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that commission part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the manage ers of excise, mem of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time be d to be ac ing, and shall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, and discharged by the person and persons liable to the accounting for, c<j duties daring off, payment, satisfaction, or discharge thereof, at stich were; tone and times, and in such manner, as the duties of excise, and other duties under the management of the said commission mof excise respectively (hereby repealed, chargeable upon the like goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities, respectively, or upon any person or persons for or in respect thereof, were, by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, or discharged.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several sums of money respectively inserted, and may be described, and set forth in the said schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F.) as the duties of excise, and the allowances, boun ^sowedin ties, and drawbacks of the duties of excise, upon the several the like'man goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities also inserted there ner, unlefa hr, shall and maybe respectively raised, levied, coileded, an hereby alter fared, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, sex CD ctpt where any alteration is express, made by this act in such id the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means,

4. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. ij.

[1787.

ways, or method by which the former duties of excise, w»c other duties under the management of the said commissicsogtri of excise respectively, and allowances bounties, and drawbacks of duties of excise, and other duties under tl\e management the said commissioners of excise, respectively, in general; gpd also by any or either of the special means, ways, or method n spectively, by which the former duties of excise, and other ds|ti«a under the management of the said of of excstco* spectively, and allowances, bounties, and drawbacks of duties of excise, and other duties under the management of the find eotnmissioners of excise respectively, upon goods, wares, ooer chandize, or commodities of the lame forts or kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, ts and the covered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the good, goodschar^e wares, merchandise, or commodities so by this act respectively duties of ex bae l'*hle to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of CX cife, by this c*so» or f Entitled to allowances, bounties, or drawbacks of 4u aft.'to be ties of excise, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in subject to the the said schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F.) shall be, and condition!, te same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the by lawoit'1* conditions, regulations, rules, resttiduons, and forfeiture to May, 1787; which goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities in generp), and also all and every the special conditions, rules, regulftioas, restrictions, and forfeitures respectively, to which the like good, wares, or merchandise respectively were subject and liable by any ad or sdu of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of Maj one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, respecting the duties of excise, or other duties under the management of the said commiflicoers of excise respectively, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, or by and the pe any other act or acts of this session of parliament; and all and nxltiesthen is every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture of any nature or luqd eatendedto whatever, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whatever committed against, or in breach of any ad pr acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of m.p., one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, made for Securing the revenue of excise, or other Julies under the' management of the said commissioners of excise respectively, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feverpl clause, powers, and diredioos therein contained, (unlefe where x pressly altered by this act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and p ut in execution, for and in respect of the fever) duties of 1 excise, end allowances, bounties, and drawbacks of duties of excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and supple manner, to all Latest sand purposes whatever, as if al) and every toe find acts, elauses, provisions, powers, diredioos, fines, pains, penalties or forfeitures, were, particularly repeated and re eneded in the body of this act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ra^perifick fr*d, 'That in all cases where duties are imposed, or dr*77back*

on allowed.

A fe

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 4)

allowed, by this acton any specific quantity of goods, wares, qusntkie* of or merchandise, the same shall, in every case, be understood and 8<x>d»>to P deemed and taken to apply, in the same proportion, and after {j^llbstto the same rate, to any quantity less than such specific quantity. any |e£iqu*a

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tides. thatau moneys arising from duties, either by bond or other^tefpedbng the revenues of customs and excise, raised, le coiieaedafter vied, colfeded, or paid, from and after the tenth day of Act, y, May 10, 1787, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, for or on account either of cuf of any goods, wares, or merchandise wlutever, imported or?' brought into Great Britain, or brought or carried coastwise, or ^uebefor! from port to port within the said kingdom, or made or manu that dar, may ftdured therein, on or before the tenth day of May, one thou be applied as (and seven hundred and eighty seven, (although the amount of* uke." {."*said duties may have own computed, ascertained, and re ceired, in the like manner in which they have heretofore been usually computed, ascertained, and received), and also all the deties of excise, and other duties under the management of the commissioders of excise, which shall have been charged or become due on or before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven bendred and eighty seven, and which shall not be received till after that day, mall and may, from and after the said tenth day of acey, one thousand seven hundred and eighty feveo, be appropriated and applied, in one sum or total amount, in like manner as the duties of enfioms and excise, by this aftimposed, are herein after direfm to be appropriated and applied, instead. tit femal and reffective brandies to which such moneys were applicable before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven; and tint all moneys (respecting the revenues ef custotns or excise) paid or to be allowed, either upon bond or othertrife, either by way of drawback, bounty, certifi ewe, premium, or allowance, or by any other legal document whatever, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, (although the amount of the same (hd have been computed end ascertained in the like manner in which they have heretofore been usually computed and ascertained), Ah and may be paid or allowed, by the proper officer or officers of the customs nr excise, in one sum or total amount, not of stay moneys in their hands arising from the dudes of customs and excise respectively.

XLI. And whereastie several rafts and under

ment and eareef die etmndffitntrt fer managing tie duties open

stampti vellum, parchment, and paper, a appropriated and ep pbemrto various purpofis, ottering to tie aketfim of the

altt of parliament grunting tie same $ and tie send temmissioners and aether affairs employed in tit adbffitn and management of tie aid rates and duties art repaired to imp fepantte and diffina mounts of the moneys arising fromtheseveral tatesanddsities, as theyrtfpe&iv&y art paid iate the hands of the said' tiffittrs, and Hkeioift to provide aadtsfi afferentanddiftirtst dus or lamps to denote eath rate and duty, best therefore cna&td by the authority aforesaid, That, e to

u

commissioners of stamps my provide one stamp to denote the several duties chargeable on vellum, flee;

and may consolidate the several duties into one sum, collected accordingly, and keep one account of those duties.

From May 10, 1787, all duties on stamped vellum, C to be paid to the receiver-general of those duties, who is to keep

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 1$.' [1787.

to prevent the multiplication of (lamps upon such pic vellum, parchment, or paper, or other indruments, matters, 1 things, on which'several rates and duties are by several acts< parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, papchg ment and paper, indead of the didinft damps, dies, or directed to be provided to denote the several duties on the velum, parchment, or paper, or other indrument, matter, or tl*charged therewith, to cause one new damp, die, or mark to I provided, to denote the said several rates and duties on ear _ such piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or other instrutnen^ matter, or thing, charged with the said several rates or duties from time to time, as shall be by them thought needful, and to repair, renew, or alter the same, as there shall beoccasion j any, former act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And, in order that all tmonies which shall from the several rates and duties, under the management of the said torn missioners for managing the duties ondamped parchment, and paper, which are or shall be denoted by the same, mark, or stamp, may be brought into one account; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That indead of the several rates and duties imposed by several acts of parliament upon the same piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing charged with several rates or duties, being levied, collected, and received in several and didinft sums, according to the several proportions by which the same arc imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, and all and every the officer and officers who shall be concerned in the management of the said rates and duties under the said of, to consolidate the moneys anting or to arise from the said several rates and duties into one sum, to the amount of all the said several rates and duties, and to levy, collect, and receive the same accordingly j and to keep at the head office of damps one didinft account of the moneys arising from the said consolidated duties, and to bring into the same account all rates and duties under the management of them the said of, which are and shall be, in pursuance of this or any former act, denoted by the same die, mark, or damp, without any reparation of the several parts or members thereof, or didinftion taken or made as to the uses or purposes to which the same are, or are intended to be appropriated or applied, or the act or acts of parliament granting, appropriating, or regulating the same $ any former law or ufegc to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, all moneys arising from the rates and duties under the management of the commissioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being, of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper. who shall keep one account only of all the said rates and duties

f X

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i 3.

and pay the same accordingly (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, from time to time, weekly $ (that is to say), on Wtinefiay in every week, if the same be not an holiday, and if the lame be an holiday, then on the next day which shall nor be an holiday, for the purposes herein after declared and exploded; any former act or acts of parliament, or any daofir, matter, or thing, in any former act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commi (Turners for managing the said duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and all other officers who shall be employed or entrusted by or under them, shall from time to time, in and for the better execution of their, several places and trulls, observe and perform such rules and orders as they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the high treasurer, or of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, for the time being.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and their officers, and all other the officer and officers concerned in the management of any the said rates and duties, shall be subject to such penalties and forfeitures, for any breach of the trust in them reposed, or for directing or misapplying the money received in pursuance of this or any former act or acts of parliament, contrary to the true intent of this act, as by any former law relating to the duties under the management of the said of arc inflicted; and that all powers, provisocs, articles, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, distribotiort of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament, relating to the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or other the duties under the management and care of the said of, and not hereby altered, shall be m force and effect, with relation to the rates and duties hereby consolidated, and shall be applied and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the same, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if they had been particularly repeated and re enacted in this present act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, (lamp, or mark, to resemble any foal, damp, or mark dircded to be allowed or used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this or any former act or acts of parliament relating to the duties under the management of the (kid of for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, for the purpose of denoting the hid duties, or any of them; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his beiri or fuccedbrs, of any of the said duties; or shall uttef, vend, or soil any vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter

45

one account thereof, and pay the money into the exchequer weekly.

of and officers for stamps to ob fenre the orders of the treasury;

and to be subject to penalties for breach of trust as heretofore

All powers. See. of former acts, except hereby altered, to continue in force

Persons counterfeiting, oir selling counterfeited stamps, or fraudulently using stamp, guilty of felony.

4*

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 1-3.

or thing, with such counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently - life any Tea), stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be uicct by this or any former act or acts of parliament, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully aeon vilted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, th^d0' hat romane ater tent one thousand seven

tin of cuf u" hundred and eighty seven, the several duties of customs, excise, and stamps, granted or consolidated by this act, together with the duty on hackney coaches and chairs, granted by the alts of the ninth of Queen Anne, and eleventh of King George the Third 5 and on hackney coaches, by the twenty-fourth of King George the Third; the duty on hawkers and pedlars, made perpetual by an act of the first of King George the First; and the duty on hawkers and pedlars, granted by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third;the duty on houses, window, and lights, granted by the sixth of King George the Third; on inhabited houses, by the nineteenth of King George the Third) and on houses, by the twenty-fourth of King George the Third; the arrears of the duties on male servants, granted by the fevtti teenth and twenty first of King George the third; on msfe and female servants, by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third; the duties on salt, by the twenty sixth of King George the Second, and the twentieth and twenty second of King George*the Third; the sum of twelve thousand pounds per annum, payable half yearly by the bank, pursuant to the twenty-third of King George the Third; the duty of fixpenee in the pound'on pensions granted by the twelfth of King George the First, and the dory of one shilling in the pound on salaries and pensions granted by the thirty first of King George the Second; the duties on ihops, on coaches, and other carriages, and wagons and carts, by the twenty sixth of King George the Third; and on horses, by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third, shall be carried to, and constitute.a fund, to be called The Consolidated Pun and the same shall be issued and applied to the uses and purposea herein after directed.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Boring the That, during the life of his present Majesty, the following

toms, excise, and stanps, and the eve rat duties on hackney coaches, C to be carried to one fond, to be called The consolidated Fund.

jesty, the revenue of the poa office, dec. to be Car vied to the find fund;

branches of revenue shall in like manner be carried to, and

made part of the said fund so by this act created, (that is to say); The revenue of the general letter office, or post office, or office of postmaster general; the moneys arising by fines for writs of covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office, after payment of two thousand pounds per annum, by temaly payments of five hundred pounds each, by the receiver thereof, for the charge of the hanaper in the court of chancety; the moneys arising by post fines; the moneys arising by the new dories on licences to retail wine; the moneys arising by sheriffs profit

47

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

nd costpositions in the axcbcquer, and leisures of prohibited and uncustomed nedij the room irifing to his Mutfty by rats offends, or for fines of kafcs of the same, or any of them: ind that, from sod after the demise of his present Majesty which neve (hom God long prefcrvc), the sum of fem thousand and two hil^maje pounds fourteen Shillings and threepence, out of the moneys demise. Sec. arising by the new duties on licences to retail wine, referred u to be paid by so id of the thirtieth year of his late majesty King to his Jbccef* the Second, together with the other before mentioned revenues,* except ss heretn after excepted, Aiail he paid and accounted for to the heirs and successors of his Majesty, in like manner as they were before the passing of an act of the first year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An as tbt support if bit

jtfij'i heujbou, and of tbt honour ami dignity if tbt triton Great nritain.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further ensiled, That from and after the demile of his present Majesty (whom God long prderve), the sum of two thousand pounds per annum shall continue to be referred and set apart, by termly payments of five hundred pounds each, by the receiver of the moneys arising by writs of covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office, for the charge of the hanaper office in the court of chancery; and that the surplus of the moneys arising by the new duties on wine licences, above the annual sum of seven thousand and two pounds, fourteen Shillings, and threepence (directed to be paid and accounted for to the heirs and facceflors of his Majesty as aforesaid), shall be carried to, and made part of the find fond, to be called Tie Gmfihdattd Fund.

7 £0x1. las. jd. per ann. to be carried to the Consolidated Is. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the ninth year if

the reign of her late majesty een Anne, intituled An a(51 for establishing a general poll office for all her majesty's dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof, for the service of the war, and other her majesty's occasions; it was enacted, That, from the first day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, one third part of that fnrphts of tbt yearly product arising bp the said Utter er pofi office, or hairs upon poftagt of Utters and packets by the said act granted, over and above the sum of one hundred and eleven thousand four hundred and sixty mt pounds, seventttn billings, and which was the

asmuut of tbi gross receipt of tbt duties arising by virtue of former offs of parliament, then repealed, for one year ending that twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and, and over and

above thejam of seven hundred pounds a, Should reserved for

thedifpoption of parliament: and whereas by amt her all of parliament made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Ma

jtftj, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional rates of postage for conveyance of letters and packets, by the post, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for.preventing hands in there venae, carried on by the conveyance of certain (pods in letters and packets; and for further preventing frauds

V d

y

After his majesty de mile, aooool per annum to be referred oat of moneys payable in the alienation office, for the charge of the hanaper office.

Surplus of new duties on wine licences a bore Fund.

9 Annie, C 10; and

i4^)eo. j. e 37, recited.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 1 j.

[1787.

and abuses in relation to the Sending and receiving of letters and packets free from pottage; additional rates of poftagt were granted to his Majesty and reguktionuwere provided for the further aug mentation oj.lht revenue of the general letter office or poji office; end by the aid iajhreated'aft it: was enabled That the several rates and duties by the said act granted shall be paid from time to time into the bands of the receiver*general for the time being of the poji office who shall payout of such rates and duties (the necessary charges of collet ing* paying^and accounting for the same being sir ft deduced the full dear*and entire; weekly fnm of two thousand three hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, into the receipt of the exchequer for the purposes in tbtsaid aft mentioned upon Tuesday in every week if it be not an holiday and if it be then upon the next day that is not an holiday, as one week shall successively and immeii ately follow and succeed another the first of the said weekly poyments to begin and be made on Tuesday the thirtieth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four > and in case the rates and duties thereby granted shall not be sufficient to cnfwer the said weekly payments thereby directed to be made that then and so often the it ficiency and deficiencies thereof shall be applied and made good out of the w/sole receipt of the rates and duties of poflage \ and in case the rates and duties then by granted shall be more than sufficient to answtr the said weekly payments that then and so often as it shall so happen, the overplus shall be appropriated and applied to such and the Jam uses as the present rates and duties of postage are respectively now by kw made applicable: and whereas it appears that the medium product of the revenues of the said general letter office or poll office for two years ending on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred oni eighty seven amounted to the turn of two hundred and seventy eight thousand four hundred and eighty-two pounds seventeen Shillings oni fourpence halfpenny*and the medium produce for two years ending on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four to the sum of one hundred and sixty six thousand six hundred and thirty-one pounds fourteen Shillings which increase was not sufficient to satisfy the sum of two thousand three hundred pounds a week so dir eft ed to be paid into the exchequer by the recited act of the twenty

fourth year of his present Majesty \ be it therefore enacted by the From his Ma authority aforesaid, That, from and after the demise of his pre

teriy into the or April the tilth day of July and the tenth day of Uftober* in exchequer each year, the sum of thirty-eight thousand six hundred and post office re twenty f|x pounds, eighteen Shillings, and ten pence farthing, venue, to be being the quarterly amount of the several sums of seven hun carried to the dred pounds a week, as directed by the said recited act of the Consolidated ninth year of Queen Anne of one hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred and fifty-one pounds, three Shillings, and fourpence halfpenny, the annual increase of the pott office revenue in consequence of the act of the twenty-fourth vear of his present Majesty, and of the third part of the sum ot eighteen thou

of the

(and

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 49

fjod seven hundred and sixty nine pounds, fixreen Shillings,

and twopence, being the excess of the medium produce of the said revenue for two years, ending the fifth day of "January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, after deducing the

before mentioned sums of seven hundred pounds a week, and one hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred fifty-one

pounds, three Shillings, and fourpence halfpenny a year; which

quarterly sums of thirty-eight thousand six hundred twenty sits

pounds, eighteen Shillings, and ten pence farthing, shall, after the demise of his present Majesty, be carried to and made part

of the fund to be called The Consolidated Fund.

LI. And whereas, by an act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for talcing away the court of wards and liveries, Rrcital of 1 % and tenures in Capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, fondry4* and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, and a relative byseveral subsequent alls of parliament, certain duties of excise; (that to the heredi* is to Jay), One hilling and threepence per barrel for beer or ale above tar duties of fix/billings the barrel (not being beer or ale commonly called Table clc^c*

Beer), brewed in that part of Great Britain called England, by the nrnmon brewer, or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale publicly or privatelyr and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity $ threepence per barrel for six billings beer or ale, or under, brewed in that part of Great Britain called England, by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who doth or ball fell or tap out such beer or ale publicly or privately, and ft proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity; threepence three fsrthings hnd five twentieth parts of a farthing per barrel for such beer or ale above six billings the barrel (exclusive of the duty of ex eife) and not exceeding eleven billings (exclusive of such duty) com manly called Table Beer, brewed as aforesaid, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity 5 three billings per barrel for beer or ale imported into that part of Great Britain called England from beyond the /eas; one hilling and threepence per hog/bead for cyder or firry made and sold by retail in that part of Great Britain called England, and Jo proportionably for a greater or lesser measure; fivi fallings per tonne for cyder or perry imported into that part of Great

called England from beyond the seas, and so proportionably

fer a greater or lesser quantity; one halfpenny per gallon for metheglin

tr mad sold in that part of Great Britain called England; one fb'tl

ling and threepence per hogshead for verjuice made for sale within

that part of Great Britain called England; sixpence per barrel for vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, brewed or made within that part of Great Britain called England, for sale,

love been granted to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, for

ever: and whereas the said hereditary duties of excise were, by an act

node he the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, carried to, 1 Geo. 3. C ty

onl made part of the aggregate fund, for and during the term of the

natural life of his said present Majesty 5 which duties are hereby re

field, and other duties granted in lieu thereof: and whereas certain

other hereditary duties of excise were also in like manner granted to

II Car. 2. C 13.

9 Geo. C 23.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.' [1787.

the King's majesty, ai fo/rj <2/7// successors, for ever, by the said act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second \ (that is to say One penny per gallon for strong^ water,

or Aqua Vitae, made and sold in that part of Great Britain called England; twopence per gallon for spirits made in that part of Great Britain called England, of any kind of wine or cyder imported into that part of Great Britain called England; and four pence per gallon for strong waters, perfectly made, imported into that part of Great Britain called England from beyond the seas \ were afterwards, by another act of parliament, made in the ninth year of his late ma jejiy, carried io and made part of the aggregate fund, and a certain sum therein mentioned was by that act directed to be paid to his said late Majesty, out of the aggregate fund, in lieu thereof9towards the service of his Majesty's household and family, and other his expenses and occasions: and whereas it is expedient to provide, that on the demise of his present Majesty (whom God long preserve)9 a sum of money Should, at the end of every quarter, bp Jet apart in the ex chequer, equal to the sum which the whole of the said hereditary duties of excise would amount to, to be applied to the like purposes to which the same would have been applicable if neither of the said acts made in the ninth year of his said late Majesty, and in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, nor this act had been made; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of excise in England shall compute the exact sums to which the whole of the said hereditary duties of excise would amount, if the same had not been repealed or altered by the said the amount of a made in the ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, d^tievofex^ or by L s a and a transmit an account thereof, quarterly, cife to the ex nt the receipt of the exchequer; and the proper officers of the chequer, said receipt of exchequer are hereby directed to set apart, out of

where the the duties of excise by this act imposed, at the end of every

?e°fetv8art <luarter>from ad immediately after the demise of Jiis present after his Ma Majesty, such a sum of money as it shall appear, by the said ac jesty's demise, count so transmitted, the whole of the said hereditary duties of and paid to excise would have amounted to, within such quarter respectively, his successors. ancj the same shall be paid to the successors of the King's majesty for ever hereafter, in lieu of the several rates, impositions/dd ties, and charges, which were directed to be paid to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, by the before recited act of the twelfth year of his late majesty King Charles the Second.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From May to, That all other public moneys, and all arrears of any the duties nl/paid?nto or revenue repealed by this act, and a!so all casual revenues the exche (except such moneys as shall be repaid by any officer or officers quer, and not of his majesty's civil government, as the balance of such offi otherwise ap ccr's account, or otherwise) which, after the tenth day of May berried to onc ^oufand seven hundred and eighty seven, shall arise and be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, not being particularly appropriated or appointed to any use or uses, by any act or acts of parliament made or to be made, shall be carried to, and made part of, the said fund to be called The Consolidated Fund.

of of excise to transmit quarterly an account of the consolidated fund.

4

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 51

LIII. And whereas fandry annuities were established and made Recital of payable at the receipt of his Majestys exchequer, for lives and terms cf years, in pursuance offever al acts of parliament, made and passed annuitiel^on in the fourth and ffth years of the rtign of King William and ^ueen lives or tcrrai Mary, of the twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third, of years; and of the fuond, third fourth, fifth, and sixth years of the reign of 4 ad

j^v/«ranne, and fiveral subsequent and other acts of parliament, ^'w.andm. urtsis ports whereof were, in pursuance of an act of the sixth year of C 5.^1694. the reign of King George the First, subscribed into the capital or n W. j.c. XI jointfiock of the South Sea company, and of which said annuities for 17^6. lives and long terms there remained unredeemed, and payable at the*3 1704. receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth day of January, one thousand j'aml 4 QA. even hundred and eighty seven, sundry annuities, amounting together C 4.1706. to ike annual sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand six hundred Qi A. C 6. and forty-nine pounds, four shillings, and eight pence, including the C charges for the salaries and allowances to the officers of the said ex f^g.*chequer, sir executing the business of the said annuities, besides which 6 Q. A. C 5 & annuities there has been granted and made payable at the receipt of 11*1708. the exchequer, by an al of the fifth year of the reign of his present 4*

Majesty, the annual sum offive hundred and forty pounds for annui g^4' 494*tits on lives, with the benefit of survivorship: and whereas, by the Annuities for o5js of the eighteenth, nineteenth, and thirtieth years of the reign of with be his late majesty King George the Second, and of the eighteenth^nineteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, sundry annuities l£cj

were granted and made payable at the said receipt of the exchequer 5401". per ann. for fengle lives, of which there were Jlanding out on the fifth day of 18 G. ». C 9. January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the sum of ia, cia sixty seven thousand two hundred and ninety six pounds, eleven Jhil Jg q 3. C ai lings, and seven pence per annum: and whereas there remains due 19g! 3* C 18* endowing to the governor and company of merchants of Great Bri 67, 4961. its. tain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, com ann

vmly called The South Sea Company, the principal sum of twenty soutvsea C fix\r millions and sixty five thousand and eighty-four pounds, thirteen company, failings, and eleven pence halfpenny, remaining unredeemed of their 44, 065, 084b original capital, and of the subscriptions taken into their capital, pur i39* nd i juant to certain als of parliament of the fifth and sixth years of the 7^, 9<sii*ioa# rtign of King George the First, the annual sums payable to the said, 38# company, in respe5l of the same, being the sum of seven hundred and ad twenty-one thousand nine hundred and fifty-two pounds, ten Billings, end nine pence, for annuity, and the sum of fourteen thousand and twenty-two pounds, three Billings and twopence, for charges of ma Charges per nogement, amounting together to the sum of seven hundred and thirty ann 735>974h five thousand nine hundred and seventy four pounds, thirteen Billings, li8' J: ld and eleven pence per annum 5 and there is also due and owing to the nuities pu governor and company of the bank, of England the sum of four mil chased by the lions, purchased by them of the governor and company of merchants bank,

Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of Arne 4, oooo, ooool. rica, for which they are entitled to the annual sum of one hundred per ann! and twenty-one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight pounds, three 5 fallings, and five pence: and whereas, in pursuance ofjundry als of Debt to the parliament, there also remains due and owing to the said governor and bank of England

an

ur

ST Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

7, 686, 8doi.

ompany of the bank of England, the principal sum of seven millions six hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred pounds, for and an account of moneys advanced at several times, in pursuance of sundry acts of parliament, for the benefit and use of the publicly for which34, 6041. per there is payable to them, in respect of the same, the annual sum of two Debt to the hundred and thirty four thousand six hundred and four pounds: and east-india whereas there likewi/e remains due and owing from the public to the company, united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, 3*oo, ooool. the principal sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, being

1,000, ooool. the amount of their capital stock, and the further sum of one million, advanced by the said company, pursuant to an act of parliament of the 17 G. a. C 17. sevent tenth year of the reign of his maiefiy King George the Second, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four, making together the principal sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, for which the said company are entitled to the annuity of

116.0001. one hundred and twenty six thousand pounds, and to the sum of one

1, 6871.101. thousand six hundred and eighty seven pounds, ten shillngs, for charges

per ann. managmgnty mahng together the sum of one hundred and twenty

seven thousand six hundred and eighty seven pounds, ten Billings per Three per annum: and whereas, in pursuance of an act of parliament of the tfes^ranted ltar f re*gn jf King George the First, one million in

by an act of annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, were granted a Geo. 1. and made payable and transferable at the bank of England, and C. upon a deduction, not exceeding sixpence in the pound, out of

all payments from the crown, the pay of commissioned and non commissioned officers and private men, ftrving in the army and navy, ex

30.0001. cep ted, the annuity upon which Jatd one million amounts to thirty charges 4jol. thousand pounds, and the charges of management, on the fifth day of per ann. January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, amounted to

the sum of four hundred and fifty pounds, making in the whole the sum Three per of thirty thousand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum: and cent, annul whereas, in pursuance of an act of the twenty fourth year of the reign by^Geo. a. esau majesb. King George the Second, the sum of two millions C a.*one hundred thousand pounds was borrowed for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty enr, videlicet, one million four hundred thousand pounds by annuities at three pounds per centum per annum, and seven hundred thousand pounds by a lottery, attended with the like three pounds per centum annuities, which were made payable and transferrable at the South Sea bostfe; which sum, by the it G. 3. C 6 % redemption of one hundred and eighty thousand four hundred pounds,

14 G. 3. C 76. subscribed in pursuance of certain acts of parliament of the twelfth,

15 G. C 41*fourteenth, and fifteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, is re 1, 919, 600l. duced to the principal sum of one million nine hundred and nineteen

thousand six hundred pounds, and the annuity payable for the same to fifty seven thousand five hundred and eighty eight pounds per annum. Charges and the charges of management payable to the South Sea company 58, 0481. is. from the fifth day of] anuary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty

pd. per ann. fiven, to one thousand and sixty pounds, one shilling and nine pence, making in the whole the sum of fifty tight thousand six hundred and Three per forty-eight pounds, one shilling, and nine pence per annum: and cent, annui whereas, by and in pursuance of two acts of par\iament, made and

passed

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 53

passed in the twmty fifth and twenty sixth years of the reign of his tfeiconfoli

kte majesty King George the Seeondy sundry annuities, after the rate

of three pounds per centum, amounting to the principal sum of nine

millions one hundred thirty seven thousand eight hundred and twenty theincrrmcof

one pounds five fallings, and one penny farthing, were consolidated that flock by and made one capital or jointfiock of annuities y payable and transfer rable fandry subse

at the hank of England, in the manner in the said abis particularly j c

ment/oned and directed, which said capital or joint ftotky in pursuance a q.i. C 13!

of severed subsequent d&s of parliament, hath been tncreased to the

amount of one hundred and seven millions three hundred and ninety 107, 309, 696!*

nine thousand six hundred and ninety six pounds y five shillingsy and one*, CL

penny farthing, (exclusive of the sum of one million five hundred and (ii5»9>8251*)

twenty-nine thousand eight hundred and twenty-five pounds, redeemed

in pursuance of certain acts of parliament of the twelfth, fourteenth,

and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty) the annuity

whereupon amounts to the sum of three millions two hundred and

twenty-one thousand nine hundred and ninety pounds, seventeen

fallingsy and nine pencey and the charges of management, on the fifth 14 0.3. C 63.

day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fieveny amount 14

ed to the sum cf forty eight thousand two hundred and sixty pounds,

two shillingsy and threepence y making in the whole the sum of three \\ % 9'd.

millions two hundred and seventy thousand two hundred and fifty-one 48, 160l. is.

pounds per annum: and whertasy by the said a his of the twenty fifth

and twentysixth years of the reign of his said late majesty King an"

George the Second, certain annul tie Sy which with the consent of the

proprietors of the same were reduced from four pounds per centum,

to three pounds ten fallings per centum, and to three pounds per

centum, in pursuance of two abis of parliament of the twenty-third 13 G. 1. C X

year of the reign of his said late Majestjy from the respective times in & 2z

the said abis particularly mentioned, were also directed to be consolidated

into one capital or joint stock of annul tiesy payable and transferrable

at the said bank of England, videlicet, the sum of fourteen 14, 984, 455l.

millions nine hundred and eighty-four thousand four hundred and fifty

five pound, eighteen shillingsy and fourpence, the amount of the firstlu

subscription in pursuance of the first of the said a his of the twenty

third year of the reign of his said late Majesty \ and the sum of two 1, 716, 867l.

millions seven hundred and sixteen thousand eight hundred and sixty lub*

seven pounds, eighteen fbilllingsy the amount of the subscription in pur

fiance of the feconi of the said abtsy making together the principal sum

of seventeen millions seven hundred and one thousand three hundred7, 701, 313l.

arid twenty-three pounds, sixteen shillingsy and four pence; which 4d. rt

principal or capital stock ofannuities is distinguished by the appellation

Reduced Annuities, and hasy by the ath of the fifth and twenty

first years of the rfign of his frefint Majesty, been increased to the 21 G. 3. C m.

fkm of thirty seven millions three hundred and forty thousand and ]ncvrm^'f

fevety three pounds, sixteen shillingsy and four pe: cey (exclusive cf ^'344°j°"3'

the sum of eight hundred and twenty-nine thousand five hundred and X'9, 5; !. t

fiftp pounds, redeemed by virtue of the before mentioned atu of the the red.

twelfthy fourteenthy and fifteenth years of his present Majesty's reigny)

the annuity whereupon amounts to the sum of one million one hundred 4jv 3*aa!, ll

and twenty thousand two hundred and two pounds, four fallings, and

£ 3 hut

54

Charges wt6.737l. os. lod. per ann.

Four percent.

consolidated

annuities,

*7 0. 3. c. 46. aog. C 16.

3h G. 3, C 14. ai G. C 8.3 G 3. C 35. and 14 G. 3. C IO.

*7», 75o, 0O0l.

Annuity thereon and charges,

10s. per ann.

Five percent, annuities, ag. 3- C 39. % 5 G 3* C 3*.

*7, 869, 9931. 98. iod. Annuity and charges per ann.

90i, 54il. 3*-4d. aq.

Lopg annuities,

1 G. 3. C 7. a G. 3. C 10. aoq. C 16. ag. 3. C 8.3 G. C 35. m.p. 3. C 10.

680, 375!* 7, 654l. 48- 4d. aq. per «tnp.

Annuities ranted by 17 Geo. 3. c. 46-

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

threee pence, W the charges of management amounted, ot ffo fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fieven, yz*

thousand seven hundred and thirty seven pounds, tf/zd ten pence making in the whole the sum of one million one hundred and thirty-six thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine pounds, five Billings and one penny per annum: and whereas, by several acts of parliament of the seventeenth, twentieth, twenty sir ft, twenty second, twenty third and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty's reign certain annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, have been grant edy and consolidated into one capital or joint stock of four pounds per centum annuities, payable and transferrable at the said bank of England, amounting in the whole to the principal sum of thirty-two millions seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, the annuity whereupon amounts to the sum of one million three hundred and ten thousand pounds, and the charges of management amounted on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven to fourteen thousand seven hundred and thirty seven pounds, ten Billings making in the whole the sum of one million three hundred and twenty-four thousand seven hundred and thirty seven pounds, ten Billings per annum: and whereas, by certain a his of parliament, of the twenty-fourth and twenty fifth years of his said present majesty's reign certain annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum, have been sflablished* and made one capital or joint stock of five pounds per centum annuities payable and transferrable at the bank of England, amounting in the whole to the sum of seventeen millions eight hundred and sixty nine thousand nine hundred and ninety three pounds nine Billings; and ten pence; which said annuities were granted to satisfy certain navy, viilualling* and transport bills, and ordnance debentures; the annuity whereupon amounts to eight hundred and ninety three thousand four hundred and ninety-nine pounds thirteen shillings, and five pence halfpenny? and the charges of management amounted, on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven y to eight thousand and forty-one pounds, nine Billings and eleven pern By making in the whole the sum of nine hundred and one thousand five hundred and forty-one pounds, three Billings and fourpence halfpenny per annum: and whereas, by several acts of parliament, of the first, second twentieth, twenty fetond, twenty third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty's undry annuities vere granted, for the terms of ninety nine ninety eight eighty, seventy eight, and seventy seven years and of seventy five years and six months which several annuities have in pursuante of several acts of parliament of the fourth twentieth twenty j'econd* twenty third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his said Majesty* been consolidated and made one joint stock of annuities, payable and transferrable at the said bank of England, under the denomination of Long Annuities, and amount together to the annual sum of six hundred and eighty thousand three hundred and seventy five pounds exclufve of the sum of seven thousand six hundred and fifty-four pounds four findings, and fourpence halfpenny per annum, pa)able to the bank of England for management of the same: and whereas by an act of the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, an annuity after r.; 'the

55

lyjfy*! Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

the rate of ten fallings per centum, was granted to the subscribers cf five millions borrowed for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seven tyfevert, to have continuance for ten years, from the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy sevent and then to tease, which annuities were made payable and transferrable at the bank of England, and amount to twenty-five thousand pounds »5*ooooi. per per annum, exclusive of the annual sum of two hundred and eighty one jsj]9. funds, five fallings, payable to the said bank of England for the $$. 1

(barges of management of the same: and whereas, by certain arts of Annuities the eighteenth and nineteenth yean of the reign of his present Ma granted by jessy, certain annuities were granted for the terms of thirty and twen and

ty nine years, which, by the said act of the nineteenth year of his said Geo. j.

Majestfs reign, were directed to be consolidated and made one capital C. 18. er joint stock of annuities, payable and transferrable at the bank of r 30 and 29 England, and amounting together to the sum of four hundred and y*ar* j fm thousand three hundred and thirty-one pounds, eight fallings, and per anni fat'pme per annum, exclusive of the annual sum of four thousand Charge fw hundred and forty-eight pounds, fourteen fallings, and sixpence 4.548*. 14* halfpenny, payable to the bank of England for management of the h same: in order therefore to secure the regular, certain, and pun final ftjmtntof the before'mentioned several annuities, and the expenses. attending the same, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, From July j, (torn and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun* U a*v dred and eighfy seven, all the several and respective annuities "barges due hert/n before particularly mentioned and described, and all the from the pub charges and expenses attending the same, shall be charged and lick, to be chargeable upon, and be paid and payable out of, all or any of pavableontof the taxes, duties, and revenues, composing the fund created by this a & to be called The Consolidated Fund 5 and that the said con validated fund shall from thenceforth be charged and chargeable with, and subject and liable to, the payment of the same, in kb order and manner as is herein after particularly directed;

(that is to say). That all the several and respective annuities for Annuities for litre or long terms, payable at the receipt of his majesty's ex lives or long chequer, granted and established by virtue of all or any actor ^le'at^he" f acts of parliament herein before recited, or by virtue of any act exchequer, to, j wads granting such annuities out of any public funds, tax, be paid out of ?\ duty, or revenue, and made payable there, in respect of any the said fund, \ sum or sums of money advanced and paid by any person or persans,

natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, in pur the man. I faance of any act or acts of parliament, for the use and service ner, as here i of the public, shall, from thenceforth, be paid and satisfied by totore. and out of all or any the taxes, duties, and revenues composing the said consolidated fund (except as herein after excepted) at j the same time and times, and in the same and like manner, as the same annuities have been usually paid and payable.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

! out of all or any the taxes, duties, and revenues, com Out of the J poling the said fund, except as herein after excepted, there shall fa, (tun next beissued, paid, or set apart, in equal sums each quarter, nfued °quar ihc several sums due in respect of the annuities and charges fol teriv, the an

lowing; nuitiesdue to

e

5^ Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13j [1787.

the South Sea lowing; (that is to say), First, the whole of the sums due fa the'oank*and le annu^y> charges, and allowances, payable to the South St to^heeafum company, as well in respect of their capital stock, as of tubfcripfi diacompany, tiens into their capita), pursuant to the acts of the fifth and fixed years of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, r maining unredeemed, amounting in the whole to the princip; sum of twenty-four millions sixty five thousand and eighty sot pounds, eighteen Shillings, and eleven pence halfpenny; nex the whole of the sum due for the annuity, charges, and allow ances, payable to the governor and company of the bank England in respect of the sum of four millions, purchased b; them of the South Sea company as aforesaid, as well as in respef of the aforementioned sum opseven millions six hundred eighty! six thousand eight hundred pounds, advanced by them, in pursuance of several acts of parliament, for the use of the publieke and next the whole of the sum due for the annuity, charges, anl allowances, payable to the united company or merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in respect of the capital oj joint (lock of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, well as of the principal sum of one million, advanced by the said company in pursuance of an act of the seventeenth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second. Enumeration J, V And whereas it appears, that the payment of the three peunis

of the average per centum consolidated annuities, of the four pounds per centum produce of consolidated annuities, of the annuities granted for terms of yearly the duties ap which will expire in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred propriated and eighty and one thousand eight hundred and sixty; the annuities towards pay for hvisy which were granted pursuant to acts of the eighteenth and percent coo ninetein(h >'iars of his present Majesty; and the five pounds per cen folidattd an tum annuities, subscribed for the navy and ordnance debt, are secured nuities, C partly on the sinking fund, and partly on certain duties appropriated to satisfy andpay the same; the amount of which appropriated duties*appears to have been, on an average, as follows \ videlicet, on tkt 499*671l. 58. fifth day of January, four hundred and ninety-nine thousand six bun yd. 3q. ang fiventy one pounds, five Billings and seven-perite three far

things, applicable to the payment of the three pounds per centum con 3, 187l. 9s. 3d. solid'jted annuities, three thousand two hundred and eighty seven al poundiy nine billings, and threepence balfpenny, to the abovemen*

411, 104l. 138. tioned annuities for lively and two hundred and twenty one thousand d. two hundred and four poundiy thirteen billings and nine pence, to the

abovementioned five pounds per centuih annuities; on the fifth day 360, 4711. is. of April, three hundred and sixty thousand four hundred and J event yd. iq. one p0uvj^ eighteen billings, and seven pence halfpenny, applicable to 114.940). a, the payment of the four pounds per centum consolidated annuities; one 6d. iq. hundred and fourteen thousand nine hundred and forty poundiy two 147, 341l. 16s. filings, and sixpence farthing, and one hundred and fortyftven then 3; find three hundred and forty-two pounds, fixed een billings, and threepence,

to tl e payment respectively of the annuities for terms of years, which ivlll expire in the years of our Lord one thousand eight hundred 468 579l. 19. €l^ht, and one thousand eight hundred and sixty; on the fifth day id. of ju*y, four hundred and sixty eight thousand five hundred and

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

bunty nine pounds, cne billings and one penny, applicable to the pay mt of the three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, two thou knd eight hundred pounds to the abovementioned annuities for lives, pti two hundred and six teen thousand five hundred and forty six hands, and twopence farthings to the abovementioned five pounds per centum annuities; on the tenth day of october, four hundred and ferty seven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two pounds, three sittings, and five pence, applicable to the payment of the four pounds per centum consolidated annuities, and one hundred and sixty eight tbcofsnd seven hundred and eighty-four pounds, ten Billings, and one ifirfff farthing, and cne hundred and ninety thousand and sixty nine fssmds, fifteen billings, and threepence three farthings, applicable u the payment respectively of the annuities for terms of years, which fviil expire in the years of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eight, and one thousand eight hundred and sixty: in order, therefore,Useatre (if nectssary) the appropriation of separaie sums, equal to the average produce of the said duties, in the several quarters respectively, f; r the respective purposes before mentioned, be it enacted, That before any sum or sums are issued, at the end of each quarter, out of any of the taxes, duties, or revenues, competing the said fund, to be called The Consolidated Fund, there shall be set apart, by the proper officer of the exchequer, at the expiration of the quarter ending the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and in every subsequent year, (except as herein xfter is provided), the sum of six hundred and eighty seven thousand nine hundred and twenty-five pounds, one hii ling, and threepence farthing, which shall be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be paid and distributed by them as follows; videlicet, the sum of four hundred and sixty eight thousand five hundred and seventy nine pounds, one shilling, and one penny, towards the payment of three pounds per centum consolidated annuities; and two thou find eight hundred pounds, towards the payment of the before mentioned annuities on lives; and two hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred and forty six pounds, and twopence farthing, towards the payment of the before mentioned five pounds firunlum annuities: and that there shall be set apart and issued in like manner, at the expiration of the quarter ending the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and in every subsequent year, except as herein after is provided, the sum of eight hundred and six thousand six hundred and fe vemy flx pounds, eight Shillings, and ten pence, to be paid and flflnbuted as follows; videlicet, the sum of four hundred and fcty leven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two pounds, three Shillings, and five pence, towards the payment of four pounds per centum consolidated annuities; one hundred and six i ty eight thousand seven hundred and eighty-four pounds, ten Shillings, and one penny farthing, towards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and eight; and one hundred and ninety thousand and sixty nine pounds, fifteen Shillings, and threepence three farthings, to

57

a, col.

116, 5461. 09. id. iq.

447»8lll. 39.

168, 7841. 109. od. iq.

190, 069l. 159, 3d. 3q.

Before issuing any money out of the Consolidated Fund at the end of each quarter, there is to be set apart the sums herein specified towards payment of the percent, consolidated annuities, C which is to be paid to the bank, to be distributed as herein specified;

5 July. 1787.

468, 579l. 18. id percent, consolidated annuities. i, 8ool. annuities on lives. 216, 5461. os. id. iq. 5 percent, annuities.

10 0(51. 1787.

447>8nl. 33. 5d. 4 percent, consolidated annuities.

168, 7841.109.

id.iq.annuities to expire in 1808. 190, 069}. 15s. 3d. p annui

ties to expire in 1860.

5 Jan. 1788.

499»*7il* 5«-7d. 3q. 3 percent, consolidated annuities.

3, 187!- 9* 3<*. aq. annuities for lives. 311, 1041* 138. 9d. 5 percent, annuities

1788,

360, 47 «1.18s.

7d. aq. 4 percent, consolidated annuities.

114, 940l. is.

6d. iq. annuities expiring in 1808. i47, 34il. t6s. 3d. annuities cxpirtngx86o.

and all other sums due quarterly for annuities, C to be paid out of the confo lidated fund.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [r 7s7.

wards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and sixty: and that there shall be set apart and issued in like manner, at the expiration of the quarter ending the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and in every subsequent year, except as herein after provided, the sum of seven hundred and twenty-four thousand one hundred and sixty three pounds, eight Shillings, and eight pence farthing, to be distributed as follows; videlicet, four hundred and ninety-nine thousand six hundred and seventy one pounds, five Shillings, and seven pence three farthings, towards the payment of three pounds per centum consolidated annuities; three thousand two hundred and eighty seven pounds, nine Shillings, and threepence halfpenny, towards the payment of the before mentioned annuities for lives and two hundred and twenty-one thousand two hundred and four pounds, thirteen Shillings, and nine pence, towards the payment of the before mentioned five pounds per centum annuities: and at the expiration of the quarter ending the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and in every subsequent year, (except as herein after provided), the sum of six hundred and twenty-two thousand seven hundred and fifty-four pounds, seventeen Shillings, and fourpence three farthings, to be paid and distributed as follows; videlicet, the sum of three hundred and sixty thousand four hundred and seventy one pounds, eighteen shillings, and seven pence halfpenny, towards the payment of four pounds per centum consolidated annuities; one hundred and fourteen thousand nine hundred and forty pounds, two Shillings, and sixpence farthing, towards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and eight; and one hundred and forty seven thousand three hundred and forty-two pounds, sixteen Shillings, and threepence, towards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and sixty: and that all other sums which shall be due and payable at the end of each quarter, in respect of any of the said annuities, or the charges thereof, over and above the sums directed to be particularly let apart and appropriated according to the averages of duties heretofore specifically appropriated as aforesaid, and also all sums which shall be due and payable at the end of each quarter in respect of any of the annuities or charges thereof, the payment of which is now secured on the fund commonly called "the Sinking Fund, shall be respectively issued, paid, and set apart, out of all or any the taxes, revenues, and duties composing the said fund to be called The Consolidated Fund, at the times when the said sums shall respectively become due, without any preference or priority, next after the sums herein before directed to be issued, paid, and set apart for satisfying the sums severally due quarterly to the proprietors of annuities for lives or long terms, payable at the receipt of the exchequer, to the South Sea company, to the governor and company of the bank of England, and to the united company of merchants of England trading 10 the East Indies,

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 59

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, From July s from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun7*7 the drcdandeighty seven, instead of setting apart and appropriating Jicfor the$t such Turns at the end of each quarter, to be separately and re percent, an spectively applied as herein before directed, according to the nuitiei, CC averages of the duties heretofore specifically appropriated as mat»with the aforesaid, the whole of the moneys which shall become due and ^oprkton^ payable for the before mentioned three pounds per centum con {£ fobdited annuities, the four pounds per centum consolidated an of the confo nuiues, the annuities for terms of years which will expire in lidatedfund; the years of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eight, and one thousand eight hundred and sixty, the annuities for lives which were granted pursuant to the acts of the eighteenth and nineteenth year of his present Majesty, and the before mentioned five pounds per centum annuities, shall, at the end of each quarter, with the consent of the proprietors of the said funds, be issued, paid, or set apart, out of all or any of the taxes, duties, or revenues composing the said fund, in the same manner as is herein lad before directed with respect to such sums as may be due and payable at the end of each quarter, in respect of any of the said annuities, or the charges thereof, over and above the sums which may be particularly let apart and appropriated as aforesaid, so long as the same shall continue to be so set apart and appropriated by virtue of this act.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That unless and unlesss any one or more of the proprietors of any of the said recited ^[°ijricto^ annuities shall have, previously to the first day of June, one JJ thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, signified his dissent, thereto to the to the governor and company of the bank of England, in writ bankbyjunei, ing, in a book to be kept for that purpose, he or they shall be hc deemed to have consented, and all the said moneys shall be have^on issued, paid, and set apart, as herein last before directed. fented.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any future day or time, at which any annuity or an Whenever the nuities shall become due and payable, the produce of the several jonf°]jdated duties composing the said fund, called The Consolidated Fund, [nfuffidentto ethbiished by this act, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay pay the anal! the annuities and other charges that shall become due and nuities, C payable on any quarterly or other day of payment, the commis the treasury lioners of his majesty's treasury now being, or any three or 2^edefi more of them, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of ciency out of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall, and the suppliee in every such case are hereby authorised, empowered, and re for that year, quired, out of any money which shall then be remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of aids or supplies that shall have been o?anycfuture granted to his Majesty for the service of the year in which such surplus of the deficiency shall happen, to apply such sum and sums of money said fund, as shall be sufficient fully and completely to answer and make good such deficiency, so that the public creditor may by no means whatsoever be disappointed of receiving his whole annuity nr demand on the public; and all such sum and sums of mo

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i.

[17s7;

ney, so issued out of any of the said aids or supplies, for the purposes aforesaid, shall be replaced to the service or services to which the same may have been appropriated by parliament, out of the next or any future quarter's surplus of the income of the duties and revenues composing the said consolidated fund; any act or acts of parliament, or any clause or clauses contained in any act or acts of parliament, for the application of the surplus of the said fund, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and the of of his majesty's treasury now being, or, any three or more of them, or the high treasurer, or any three

or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby directed, authorised, and required, to cause the same to be issued and applied accordingly; and the of of his majesty's treasury now being, or the high treasurer, or of of the treasury, for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, shall and may, from time to time, cause to be issued at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, the fev«ral*and respective annuities, and other sums, payable out of the taxes, duties, and revenues compoiing the said fund, or out of moneys applicable to the supplies of the year, in the manner and at the times by this act directed.

LIX. And whereas, by an act of the last session of parliament, % 6 Geo. 3. intituled An act sot vetting certain sums in of, at C recitc the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt, it was provided that the sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds ball, at the end of each quarter, ending the fijth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, respectively, in every year be issued or set opart* at his Majesty's receipt of exchequer for the purpose and in the manner by the said act directed; and further provisions were made in the said act for the application as well of the said sum vf two hundred and fifty thousand pounds as of other sums directed to be placed from time to time to the account of the said of; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds shall be set apart, out of the taxes, duties, and revenues composing the consolidated fund created by this act, at the same times, and in the same manner, and fct apart at the subject to the like regulations and provisions as the same was quarterlyf to directed by the said act to be issued or set apart out of the fur be set apart piasses, excesses, and overplus moneys, composing the sinking out of the fund; and that all the sums due in respect of such principal or consolidated capital stock of public annuities as shall be redeemed by virtue provisions of^a*e thereby dire died to be transferred

that.adr to to the account of the said of, and also in respect of continue in any annuities, the terms of which shall have expired, and the tpree. moneys now payable thereupon, which are likewise by the said

act directed to be placed to the account of the said of, shall be issued or set apart out of the taxes, duties, or revenues,

and from Jti It 5.787, the sum of950, 0001. thereby directed to be

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 6$

venues, composing the said fund created by this all, in the same manner as if such principal or capital stock of public annuities had not been redeemed, or as if the terms of such annuities respectively had not expired; and that all other regulations and provisions contained in the said act shall remain and be in full force, as if the same were repeated and re enacted in this act.

LX. And whereas, in pursuance of sundry atts of parliament of Recital of Aa the fourth and fifth years of the reign of King William and Queen under which Mary, end if the eighteenth, nineteenth, and thirtieth years of the nt apart rag if his late majesty King George the Second, and several other for payment 6ndsubsequent acts of parliament, certain sums of money are reserved of life anniit cndfet apart, at the receipt of the exchequer, for the payment of an hcs which cities on lives payable there: and whereas it appears that the sum of*

thirty four thousand eight hundred and ninety-two pounds, and seven 4 y,. Sc M. pence, was remaining, on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven C 3.' hundred and eighty seven, in the said receipt of exchequer, unde 5 W. & M mended and unclaimed, but no certificates of the deaths of the respect

the per sins for whom the same had been reserved, have been returned \9oto. % x.xi into the exchequer, notifying the deaths of the nominees, according to 30Gc0.vc. 19! the directions contained in the several alls of parliament for granting 34.891l.03.7d. sith annuities on lives: and whereas, from the length of time the said the exche 1muities have remained unclaimed, there is great reason to conclude jjgy. *that the nominees for whose lives the same were granted, or the greater port of them, are dead; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such sum and sums of money as shall or may From May to, remain in the said receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth day of 1787* ad mo january, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, which nies reserved hath or have "been reserved for the payment of any annuity or ^annuwes annuities for life or lives, granted as aforesaid, which hath or on lives which hate not been claimed for the space of three years antecedent to shall not have the said fifth day of January, shall, on or before the tenth day been claimed of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be paid p^ortdjan* to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be 17*7, or which placed to the account of the of appointed, pursuan* shall thereaf* to the abovementioned ah of the last fclfion of parliament, for tfr.no^ testing certain sums in of, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the nato be placed tiooal debt; and that, from and after the fifth day of January, to the account one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, any and every com" annuity payable at the receipt of the exchequer for terms of tte

Jrves, which annuity shall not have been claimed or demanded national debt, for the space of three years, shall be deemed and taken to have expired, and the money due or to become due in respell of the same shall be paid over to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be applied for the purposes directed by the aforementioned all, towards the reduction of the national debt sod the officers of the exchequer are hereby directed and re The exche qoired, on or before the fifth day of april, in every year, to quer to trans makeup and transmit to the of of the treasury, or ^1^1^ the lord high treasurer, for the time being, an account or cer account of ao uir ttcof the tuns fallen in by deaths, including such unclaimed nuities fallen

t sums in by death,

61 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

or unclaimed Aims as aforesaid; and the said of of the treafory, for three or any three or more of them, now being, or the lord high trea years, to the furer or of of the treasury for the time being, are a^e to^ause hereby authorised, empowered, and required, as often as such the same to life annuities shall fall in, or any annuities for terms of years, be placed to payable at the said receipt of exchequer or the bank of England, the account granted by any act or acts of parliament whatsoever, for pay edmmission ment f annuities for lives or terms of years, shall determine, era. " pursuant to the directions contained therein, to cause such annuity or annuities to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, pursuant to the true intent and meaning of this present act, and of the aforementioned act of the last session of parliament, for veiling certain sums in commissioners, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority If any claim aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any future time ants of annui appear, and demand any annuity so paid to the governor and priated*£ mild company f lhe bank of England, as aforesaid, to which such thereafter aperson or persons is or are, or would have been, entitled, if this pear, they are act had not been palied, such sum or sums of money as shall to be paid out appear to be due and owing to him, her, or them, shall be im f ^hcawefor mc(aately Paid, 0411 f any money remaining in the receipt of the payment exchequer, that may be applied for the payment of any annui of annuities, ties on lives, or for any other annuities payable there.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All clauses That all and every the clauses and provisoes contained in any aonta[ncdf<in8 a or as parl*ament> whether those relating to the several any a its rear respective annuities and other charges aforementioned, lating to the which were made payable and transferrable at the bank of eng public debt, fond, or to such annuities and other sums as are payable to the auered*1 tin Arid g°vcrnor an<l company of the bank of England in their own continue in right in respect of any sum or sums of money advanced by them force. for the use of the public, or otherwise, or to the annuities

payable to the said company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, or to the united company of merchants trading to the East Indies, or to the several and respective annuities for lives or terms of years, payable at the exchequer, and the charges and expenses attending the same, shall be and remain in full force and effect, as well with respect to the notices and priorities of redemption of the said several annuities, as to the expenses and charges of management attending the same, in all matters and things whatsoever where the same shall not have been altered by this actor other provision made in lieu thereof, as fully as if the same had beea repeated and re enacted in this act.

LXIII. And whereas by the directions contained in this a tbt several taxes, subsedies, revenues, and incomes, composing the aggregate fund, will in future become a part or parts of the fund, created by this att % to be called The Consolidated Fund; and it is there sort necessary to make provision, in the first place, for tbt regular

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 6}

and punctual payment of the several annuities and charges made upon and payable out of the said aggregate fund, by an act of parliament made and pcjfed in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the support of his majesty's household, and 1 Geo. 3.0.1. of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain % and by one aether eft of the seventeenth year of his said Majesty's reign, and intituled An act for the better support of his Majesty's house 17 Geo. 3. bold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Bri c*xx# reered; tain; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and the the respective annuities or annual rents or charges of eight hun s00*000!* and dred thousand pounds, and one hundred thousand pounds, jwc^thox" made payable out of the said aggregate fund, pursuant to the acts out of said acts, shall, front and after the tenth day of May, one thou the aggregate (and seven hundred and eighty seven, be charged and charge hmd. is, from able upon, and shall be paid and payable out of, all or any of^be payout the dunes, revenues, and incomes, composing the said consoli of theconfo dated fund, in the same manner as the same were directed to be lidated fund, and have been paid before the passing of this act; and that all and ad t, x5 the rules, authorities, directions, powers, provisions, reserva th^n'eon tiens, matters, and things, contained in the said acts of the first tained to Gotland seventeenth years of the reign of his said present Majesty, tinue in force, shall continue and be preserved, as well in respect to the issuing out of the said consolidated fund any sum or Turns of money, in advance or otherwise, for the uses of his majesty's civil government, so that the whole of the payments to be made in or for any one quarter do not exceed the fourth part of the amount of the anaual sums granted by the said acts of the first and seventeenth years of his majesty's reigri, to and for the use of his majesty's civil government, as in all other cases whatsoever, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were herein repeated and re enacted in this present act; any act or acts of parliament, or any clause or clauses in any act or acts of parliament, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXIV. And whereas, by an act passed in the eighteenth year $/* Recital of acts the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, entitled, An relative to the act for encouraging of coinage, certain duties were granted to his ^car.s. c. 5* Majesty upon wines and other articles imported, to be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, and to be applied to the defraying the charges end expends of the mint, and of the assaying, melting down, wale, end coinage of gold and silver, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned; which moneys were to be issued by order or warrant of the high treasurer, under treasurer, or commissionere of the treasury, for the time being, for the purposes in the said act dirtsted: and whereas the duties upon wines, granted by the said act, have been continued by various subsequent acts, and were made perpetual by an act of the ninth year of his present Majesty: and whereas the said duties on wines are by this present act done away and repealed, and other duties are granted in lieu thereof: and whereas, by an act of the twenty y Geos seventh year of his late majesty King George the Second, the lord high C treasurer, orsommiffmers of the treasury, or any three or more of

From May xo, 1787, the treasury may order ivoqoi. to be issued annually for the purposes of 27 Geo. 2.

C 21.

44 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

them for the time beings are empowered and dir efted to tause so much'money, out of the publish supplies granted or to be granted by parliament, to be applied as shall be necessary, for defraying the expenses of the minti in England and Scotland respectively, by way of impress % and upon account for that service, so as the same, together with the coinage duties before mentioned, do not exceed, in any one year, the suns of fifteen thousand pounds, and so as the find money be issued out of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to the master of the mint in England, and to the mafier of the mint in Scotland respectively, for the purposes provided by the act of the eighteenth year of his late majesty King Charles the Second; which duties have never, in any one year, amounted to the sum of fifteen thousand pounds abovementioned: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, it shall and may be lawful for the lord high treasurer, or the of of the treasury for the time being, to issue from time to time his or their order or warrant to the proper officer or officers of the exchequer, for payment of any such sup or sums of money as to him or them shall respectively appear proper and right, out of any of the duties of customs imposed by this act, to be applied to the uses and purposes of the said last recited act, provided the sums do not exceed, in any one year, the sum of fifteen thousand pounds.

LXV. And whereas by an act, made and pojfed in the seventh year ^Geo.j.c.js. of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of hemp and flax, several additional rates and duties were imposed on the following goods; (that is to say). On all foreign linen commonly called Packing Canvas, Spruce, Elbing, or <^een(borough Canvas $ all foreion linen commonly called Dutch Barras, and Heflin Canvas; and all foreign lawn bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland whited Lawn; and the moneys arising by the several rates and duties therein granted (except the necessary charges of raising, collecting, recovering, and paying the same) were directed by the said recited act to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer', distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publish revenue \ and a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds per annum, was directed to be kept apart in the said receipt, as a fund for the encouragement of raising and drtft sing hemp and flax in this kingdom, in such way and manner as the parliament Should thereafter dire ft; and the remainder of the said duties was, by the foetid recited act, directed to be reserved in the said receipt for the future disposition of parliament; which duties have never, in any one year, amounted to the sum of fifteen thousand sounds abovementioned, but, upon a medium of nineteen years, computed from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, being the year after they took place, the sum of six thou. t jand three hundred and thirty-five pounds, fifteen Billings, is taken

to be the average amount of the annual produce thereof: and whereas frovifm woe made for appropriating the said fund by three subsequent

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. ij. 65

qua acts, made in the tenths twenty fifty and twentysixth years of his present Majesty \ and whereas the duties impcftd by the first re cited aft if the seventh year of his present Majesty, are by this pre fens aft dune away, and other duties are granted in lieu thereof: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and From May xo, after the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and, 7*7»f, 3?51* eighty zeren, the sum of six thousand three hundred and thirty dually Set fire pounds, fifteen Shillings, shall, at the end of each year, be apart at the set apart in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, out of the exchequer for dories of customs imposed by this act, as a fund for the encou encourage ragement of raising and dressing hemp and flax in this kingdom, hjg^em^and to be applied to such uses and purposes, and in such way and flax, See! manner, as is directed and provided by the said acts of the tenth, twenty first, and twenty sixth years of his present Man.

XVI. And whereas, by an act passed in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An 3* Geos. aa for augmenting the salaries of the puisne judges in the court o^crust of king's bench, the judges in the court of common pleas, the rcial*itc to barons of the coif in the court of exchequer at Westminster, the the augmen

judges in the court of session and exchequer in Scotland, and tation of the justices of Chester, and the great sessions for the counties in j" cg £cthe Wales, certain stamp duties upon vellum, parchment, and papery recited; were granttdy from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred 9

and fifty-nine, to be applied for the augmentation of the salaries of the Jevtral judges in England, the chief baron and other barons in the court of exchequer at Westminster, the justices of Chester, and that justices of the great sessions for the counties in Wales; and to be paid to the said judges, barons, and justices, in every year, at such tine or times, and in such manner, as the salaries to the said judges thtn were, or had accustomarily been paid; and by two other acts of a Geo. 3. c. 36. the second and fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, several 5 Geo. 3. c. 47* dkmcl stamp duties were granted, and, with the aforementioned duties established by the said act of the thirty second year of the reign tfhiskte majesty King George the Second, were made one joint fund fu payment of the said augmentation of the salaries of the said judges, harms, and just ties; and by an act of the twelfth year of the reign of Geo. j. to present Majesty, intituled An act for the further augments C 3° honour the salaries of the justices of Chester, and the great ref tonne for the counties in Wales, the said joint fund was charged, frm the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy to, with the payment of a further augmentation to the salaries of the justices 0/chester, and the justices of the great sessions for tbumties in Wales; and by an act of the nineteenth year of the win of his said present Majesty, a further addition and augmentation the salaries of the puisne judges of the courts of King's bench nlummon pleas at Westminster, and to the chief baron and other hum of the coif of exchequer at Westminster, is also charged upon ibt said joint fund, and upon the surplus of the moniei arising w the

uttipt of the exchequer, of the deductions of sixpence in tu pound out tfoil the moneys paid upon all salaries, penfmsy annuities, and other

66 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

payments from the crown, established by an act of parliament made in n Geo. I. the twelfth year ofr the reign of King George the Pirjl, after fatij C a.*fpng all the annuities and other payments charged on the same: and whereas the said several stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, granted as, aforesaid, are by this present act con/olidated, and in conference thereof will, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand fevers hundred and eighty fyven, be incorporated with, and become a part of the moneys to be paid into the receipt of the exchequer for the samp duties directed to be applied as part of the consolideui fund by this act established; and the said deduflions of sixpencein tit pound out of all moneys paid upon all salaries, penfsons, annuities, and other payments from the crown, is also hereby made a part of the same fund: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, From the That out of the moneys that shall be and remain in the exche consolidated quer, on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and Sail be'paid c*ghty seven, of the taxes, duties, and revenues, which (halt the arrears of compose the said consolidated fund, there shall be paid to the the augmen said several judges, so much money as shall be due and owing tations to the to them on account of the several aforementioned augmenta at July canc8 t, ons computing the same from the time or times to which they 1787; and were Pa to fifth day Julio one thousand seven hun thereafter the dred and eighty seven; and from that time there shall be paid said augmento the said judges, out of the moneys that shall arise and be tations shall jnt0 t^c exchequer of the said duties and revenues granted

paid^ut of C^this act, the several and respective annual following lums, the faichund. bein the amount of the augmentations granted as aforesaid;

videlicet. To the three puifnc judges of the court of King's

bench, the sum of nine hundred pounds per annum each; to the chief justice of the court of common pleas, the sum of five hundred pounds per annum; to the three puisne judges of the said court of common pleas, nine hundred pounds per annum each; to the chief baron of the court of exchequer in jvefmin fier, one thousand five hundred pounds per annum, to the three other barons of the said court nine hundred pounds per annum each; to the chief justice of Chester, the annual sum of five hundred pounds; to the second justice of Chester, three hundred and fifty pounds per annum; and to each of the justices of the great sessions for the counties in Wales, three hundred and fifty pounds per annum each; the said salaries to be issued and paid to the said judges by quarterly payments; videlicet, On the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils and the fifth day of July, the first payment thereof to be due and to be payable on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

LXVII. And whereas, by an act made and paged in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,3 Geo. » intituled An act for making good a deficiency upon the revenue C s. recited, of the office of keeper or clerk of the hanaper, and for preventing any future deficiency therein to answer the public services provided for out of the same, and for augmenting the income of the office of mailer or beeper of the rolls, the several duties on

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. ij; ' 67

vellum, parchment, passer, granted by art act of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for the ternt of sixteen years, from the second day of August, one thousand seven haired and twenty six, and by an act of the ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, were further continued for four year from the fecrn day of August, one thousand seven hundred and forty tvto\ which said duties expired on the jec6nd day of August, one thou fud/even hundred and forty six, and were revived and made payable, frm the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, for ever \ which said duties, so revived and re granted, were by the said act subject to make good any deficiency that Should happen, in case the yearly income and revenue of the office of keeper or clerk of the hamper, as augmented by the said act, Should at any future time be iuffficient ic to answer and pay the yearly sum of one thousand two hundred pounds to the master or keeper 0} the rolls for the time being, and the several ancient sees, friaries, and allowances, belonging to the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great fed, the master of the rolls, the mafiers in chancery, clerk of the parliaments, and other officers attending the parliament and great seal, and of feverat bills end disbursements, always paid and allowed out of the revenues of the hamper office and the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury, upon a certificate from one of the auditors of the im prefi, are empowered to dir eft such deficiency to be made good out of the aforesaid revived duties, not exceeding three thousand pounds in ' any one year: and whereas, by the directions in this act, the said duties will become a part of tbifund hereby established: tc it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the powers and authorities and thejfo# contained in the last mentioned ait, of the twenty-third year of crt thjrfoft!d the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, shall ex ^utirt grant C tend, and be continued, and the deficiency therein provided €d by this act. for shall in future be made good and supplied out of any the duties or revenues granted by this act, in the fami manner, and by the same authorities, as the same were provided sot in the said act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all All atrauitie* other annuities whatever, charged upon, or made payable out charged upon of, the aggregate fund, by any act or acts of parliament now in f#nd force, shall, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thou from July, (and seven hundred and eighty seven, be charged and charge 1787, be'pay ableupon, and shall be payable and paid out of, all or any of able out of tw the duties, revenues, and incomes of the said consolidated fund, f, ^atc<* in the same manner, and according to the same priorities, as the same were directed and provided by the several aits by which they were granted.

LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be con (trued to extend, to make void, alter, or prejudice, any disposition, appropriation, appointment, matter, or thing whatsoever, relative to the regular and usual payment of any pension or annuity charged and made payable to any person or persons, in pursuance of anyaifc or aits of parliament, or by

Pen (ion s on the excise or post office to be paid as heretofore

the excise, ctistoms, or salt duties in Scotland, to be paid as heretofore.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

[178?.

virtue of any grants or letters patent made or granted by any of his majesty's royal predecessors, Kings or Queens of this realm; but that the same dispositions, appropriations, and appointments, shall continue, be in force, and take effefl, in the payment of all and every the annuities and pensions payable by the of or receivers general of the duties and revenues of excise, and by the receivers general of his majesty's general letter office or post office, in the same manner, and at the same time and times, that the said annuities and pensions have been usually paid before the passing this present adh

LXX. And be it also further enacted by the authority afore annuities, C said. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be payable from construed to extend, to alter, or in any manner divert, the payment of the several and respective annuities, bounties, am) other charges and expenses, which, in pursuance of any actor a Sts of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, have usually been or ought to be satisfied and paid by the of of the excile, the receivers general of the customs, or salt duties, out of the moneys arisen by the said duties and revenues, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 but that the lame shall and may, and are hereby directed and required to be satisfied, paid, and discharged, out of all or any of the said moneys arisen, or which shall hereafter arise, by the said duties end revenues, and come into the hands of the said receivers, in the same and like manner, and at the respective times at which the same have usually been accustomed to be paid and satisfied; anything in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All sums aris That all such sums of money as shall have arisen by the said injj from the rates ancj duties hereby repealed, and shall remain in the receipt ttet^whk h" f le exchequer, on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven shall remain hundred and eighty seven; and all such sums as shall be granted in the exehe to replace deficiencies made good out of the fund commonly queron July called The Sinking Fund, and which shall not have been carried to the said sinking fund on or before the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, shall be added to, and applied with, and in aid of the rates, duties, and revenues, granted and established by this act, and shall make part of the not have bren consolidated fund created by virtue of this act. carried to the sinking fund, on Mav 10, rffi7, to be a part of the consolidated fund.

LXXII. And whereas it may happen hereafter that the exigencies of the publict service may require extraordinary expenses, beyond the annual produce of the publict revenue t and it will be highly important for the maintenance of publict credit, and for the strength and safety of these kingdoms that effectual measures Should be taken for increasing the said revenue in proportion to the additional annual charge occa stoned by such expemes; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That distinct accounts shallr be kept by the several boards appointed for collecting and managing the different branches of

5, 1787* and II sums granted to make good deficiencies, which Aiall

Quarterly accounts to be kept by the

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 69

the public revenue, of the total amount, in every quarter of a different year of the several duties under their management, distinguish boards of ing (as far as possible) the several articles on which the same |£indie6*of arise, and that the of of the treasury shall cause to th^publick be prepared, and shall lay before both houses of parliament, revenue, and within fourteen days after the commencement of every session, the treasury an account of the total produce of the duties of customs, excise, to^before (lamps, and incidents respectively, distinguishing (as far as pof annua^y^n dbfej in each branch the produce on every separate article the account of duties on which shall have amounted to one thousand pounds the total pro or more in the four quarters next preceding the date of such ac duje^count; and also an account of all additions which shall have cu oms* been made to the annual charge of the public debt, by the in ureft or annuities for or on account of any loan which shall have been made after the parting of this a, and within the space of ten years next preceding the date of such account; together with an account of the produce within the year next preceding of any duties which shall have been imposed, or of any addition which shall have been made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by every: uch loan respectively.

lxxill. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Any part of pan of this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament. thevryfrnt°

session.

f3 SCHEDULE

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

SCHEDULE A.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, therein enumerated; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom.

Also of the Net Duties payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, from this Kingdom;

And likewise of the Net Duties payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, brought or carried Coastwise ox from Port to Port within this Kingdom.

SCHEDULE A.

Duty. I drawback.

INWARDS. A. Agates rough, final as a bean, the hundred dozen £. /. d. r. /. i.

O3O 028

- " large, the piece — — *Alderney, vide Jjerfey. Ale. vide Beer. Almonds, vide Grocery. bitter, vide Drugs. O O L 0 0 1

Alum, the hundred weight - Roch. vide Drugs. Alumen Plume, vide Drugs. 072 062

Amber, the pound — - — *imported by the east-india company, the pound - - Beads, vide Beads. — Oil. vide Drags. Anchor Stocks, vide Wood. Anchovies, vide Fish. ' Anniseeds. vide Grocery. 0 1 3 0 I 5 0 1 1 0 1 3

Annotto, the pound — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Annotto may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15. 0 0 i 000

Apples, the bushel - 00 4

- *dried, the bushel - Fortis. vide Drugs. Archclia. vide Orchelia. 030 t 0 0 4

Argoil, the hundred weight — r — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictiona, under which Argoil may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15. A rrack. vide Spirits. Aihes, viz. 927 000

Pearl Alhei, the hundred weighs — — 000

- Pot Allies, the hundred weight — 023 000

SCHED ute A.

Duty.

7f

Drawback.

007

007

007

270

006

053

6

9

INWARDS. L /.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictfons, under which Pearl Ashes and Pbt Ashes made in the fintish plantations in America may be imported from thence without payment of duty, vide 24 Geo. 2. cap.^ji. dies, continued

- Soap Ashes, die hundred weight —

- Weed Ashes, the hundred weight —

Wood Ashes, the hundred weight —

Fcchia Ashes. vide Fechia Brugiata, in Drugs.

Bacon, the hundred weight-

NB. For the exemption from duty on salted Bacon born Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8.

Bulks. vide Wood.

Baulk, vis. Washing Balls, the pound -

baa^xiag twifl. vide Twist.

Birilt, the hundred weight-

Bark of Oak. vide Oak Bark.

Bnky. vide Cora.

- hailed or Pearl Barley, vide Drugs.

Basket Bods, the bundle not exceeding three feet in circumference at the band — — — > o

ba&ets, via. Haudbaikets, the dozen — — V o

Bid or Straw Hats or Bonnets, vide Hats.

- Manufactures thereof to make hats, vide

Platting.

- Ropes, the hundred weight o t 10

Bsneas. vide Wood.

Battery, the hundred weight — — 252

baj.berries. vide Drugs.

Bodi, viz. '

- Amber Beads, the pound — — 045

- Crystal Beads, the thousand — — — 13 3

- Coral Beads, the pound — — 045

- Glass Beads, vide Bugle.

- Jet Beads, the pound — — o I 5

Beau, vide Corn.

Bees from Ireland.

NB. For the exemption from duty on salted beef from Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 46 Geo. 3. cap. 8.

leer, viz. Spruce Beer, the barrel containing 32 gallons 012 NB. Subject also to the duty of excise

- all other sorts, or Ale, the barrel, containing 32

gallons — — 068

NB. Subject also to the duty of excise.

bdl metal, the hundred weight — — 074

Berries for dyers use, not otherwise enumerated, the hundred weight^ — — on

000

0 0 9

OOOO

2 6 4

000

050

o I 4

008

000

208

042 o 11 8 042

o 1 3

OIK O

060 0 6 6 OOOO

SCHEDULE A.

III C 13. Doty.

[1787. Drawback.

£ Jm C

026 023

0 17 8 013 8

0 0 i 001

0 19 3 000

p 8 10 000

004 003

0 1 2 p L 0

0120 077

0 4 5 000

0 Oil 0 p 10

0 »3 3 0 Kt 8

0 1 4| O I 3

0 4 5 0311

00 to 0 036

0 I 10 018

068 0 6 6

029 0 M OS

O 2 11 0 2 6

0 i 0 1 3

016 0*3

0 0 LI 001

P I 7 0 t 6

INWARDS.

Beflials. vide Man, isle of.

Birds, viz. bingeing Birds, the dozen-

Bifcuic. vide Bread.

Blaeking, the hundred weight-

Bladders, the dozen — % —

Blubber, vide Oil.

Boards, vide Wood.

Bonnets, vide Hats.

Books bound, the hundred weight ——

- unbound, the hundred weight — — Boom Spars, vide Wood.

Botargo, the pound-

Bottles of Earth or Stone, the dozen — «- —

- of Glass, viz.

- covered with wicker, the dozen quarts

r - full or empty, the dozen quarts —

Bowls or Buckets of Wood, the dozen —

Boxes, viz.

- Nest Boxes, the gross containing twelve dozen nej

each npft containing eight boxes —

- Pill Boxes, the gross containing twelve dozen nei

each nell containing four boxes-

- Sand Boxes, the gross containing twelve dozen bo; boxwood. vide Wood.

ing ten necklaces-

Brandy, vide Spirits.

Brass wire. vide Wire.

Brazil wood for dyers use. vide Wood.

Brazilletto wood for dyers use. vide Wood.

Bread or Biscuit, the hundred weight-

Bricks, vide Earthen Ware Bridges thread. vide Thread.

Brimstone, the hundred weight-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictic under which the whole duties of culloms may drawn back on brimstone used and consumed making oil of vitriol, vide 23 Geo. 3. cap. 77; j 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53.

Bridles, viz.

- dretted, the dozen pounds -

- d retted of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a foreign Ship, the dozen pounds-

- rough or undressed, the dozen pounds —

- rough or undressed of Muscovy or Russia, imported

in a foreign Blip, the dozen pounds — Brooms, viz. Flag Brooms or Whilk Brooms, the dozen Buckets, vide Bowls.

Bugle, viz.

- great Bugle, the pound-

For conditions, regulations, and restrictions.

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. kglt, cooriwed tnder which great Bugle may on importation be warehoused, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30. C. £ r. d

- Bogle to be warehoused, the pound — — — great Bugle so warehoused, when taken out of such ool 0 0 0

warehouse to be used in this kingdom, the pound Ol6 000

Cmall or seed Bogle, the pound — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which small or seed Bugle may on importation be warehoused, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30. 0x7 0x5

- small or seed Bugle to be warehoused, the pound - small or seed Bugle so warehoused, when taken out of such warehouse to be used in this kingdom, the 0 0 a 000

pound — — — Bullion or foreign coin of gold or silver, duty free. 0 a 5 00 0

lost niihes, the load containing sixty three bundles km for millstones, the hundred containing five (core 0 4 5 0 it 0 0311 0 0 0

latter, the hundred weight — — NB. For the exemption from duty on faked butter fi-om Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8. C 0 a 6 y y 0 a a

Cables toed or untarred, the hundred weight — Cable Yarn, vide Yarn. Cakes made of rape seed, vide Rape cakes. Callico. vide Linen calm Skins, vide Skins. 086 0 0 0

Calves Velves to make rennet, the hundred weight Cambricks. vide Linen. Camels Hair, vide Hair, i Canary Seed, vide Seed. Candles, viz. 056 0 0

- of Tallow, the hundred weight — — iis 8 OOOO

of Sperma Cceti, the pound — — 0 1 4 OOOO

- of Wax, the pound — — of Wax, imported by the Baste India company, the 0 1 8 OOOO

pound — — ' — 019 OOOO

Candlewick, the hundred weight — — Case Hats, vide Hats. Canes, viz. 1 ia 8 180

Reed Canes, the thousand — — — 11 0 099

- Walking Canes, the thousand - Canes, imported by the Baste India com 1 18 6*7 3

pany, the thousand — — — a 0 0

- Rattans, the thousand - imported by the east-india company, the 0 16 6 0 IS 3

thousand - 19 3 0 18 0

Cans of Wood, the dozen — — Cant Spars, vide Wood. Canvas, vide Linen, uprisen vide Wood. 0 0 11 0 0 10

74 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C.

[1787.

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback

INWARDS. £*C /#

the pound — — — 00a 0 01

Cards, viz. Playing Cards, the dozen packs — Carmenia Wool, vide Hair of Goats. Carpets, viz. of Persia, imported by the Baste India company, 1x 0 0 00

the square yard — — I 49I 3 7

wards, the carpet — — 240 2 0

the carpet — — Car raw ay seeds, vide Drugs. 0 8 3 076

Calks empty, the tonne — Catlings, the gross containing 12 dozen knots — Cattle. NB. For the free importation of cattle from Ireland, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 10; and 16 Geo. 3. tap. 8. 083 026 rn 0 0

Caviare, the hundred weight — — 0 4 5 Q 3 11

Cheese, not of Ireland, the hundred weight — 016 000

Cherries, the hundred weight — — Chip hats or Bonnets, vide Hats Chip, manufactures of vide Platting. Chryilal. vide Drugs. 0 4 S 0311

Cider, the tonne containing 252 gallons — NB. Subject also to the duty of excise. Cinnamon, vide Grocery. Citron water, vide Spirits. Clapboards, vide Wood. 633 S 3 3

Clothes, viz. all manner of woollen clothes, theyatd Cloves, vide Grocery. Coals, the chalder containing 36 bushels Winchester meal 17 s 1 13 1

sure - I 0 000

Cochineal, the pound — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Cochineal may be entered, without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. coconuts, viz. — — of the produce of any British colony or planta 006 000

tien in America, the hundred weight 0 1390 13 9

the Jiundred weight — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Coconuts may on importation be secured in warehouses, vide 10 Geo. 1. cap. 10; and 6 Geo. 3. cap. $2. tien in America, on importation to be secured 0 1390 12 6

in warehouses, the hundred weight on importation to be secured in warehouses, 0 1 s 0 I 3

the haadred weight — 013 000

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 75

SCHEDULE A. Datjr. Drawback.

INWARDS, kntea, when taken ontof such warehoofe for home £ £*4*

coafumption, the handled weight — NB. Coconuts art also fubjcd to the inland duty of tttife. Coice of the produce of any British colony or pl&ntttfqp in 0126 0 0 0

America, the hundred weight - of the produce of any other country or place, or imported by the eafj India Company, the hundred 1 18 6 1 18 6

weight — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Coffee may on importation be secured in warehouses, vide 10 Geo. i. cap. 10; and 6 Geo. 3. cap. 52. of the produce of any British colony or plantation in America, on importation to be secureu in warehouses, the hundred weight — — *not of the produce of any British colony or plantation in America, on importation to be secured in warehouses, the hundred weight — — having on importation been secured Sn warehouses, when taken out of such warehouse for home con 1 18 6 1 15 0

036 O 3

036 0 0 0

fompdon, the hundred weight — NB. Coffee is also subject to the inland daty of excise. Coin of copper, vide Copper. — of Gold or Silver, vide Bullion 1 15 0 000

Comfits, the pound — — Coney Wool, vide Wool. Copper, viz. 006 005

- One, the hundred weight - unwrought, viz. Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, Copo'0 0 0 0

per Coin, and all Caff Copper, the hundred weight — unwrought, viz. Copper in Plates, the hundred 0 10 6 0 10 3

Wright — — - part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered 0 16 0 0 15 9

or raised, the hundred weight — Copperas, green, the hundred weight — Coral, vide Drugs. 202 1 17 2

0 K 8 000

Cordage, tarred or untarred, the hundred weight — Cordial Waters, vide Spirits. 086 0 00

Cork, the hundred weight — — 038 0 3 3

Corks, ready made, the grofi containing 12 dozen Corn and Grain, viz. — Barley, whenever the price at the port of importation shall be under 24 s. per quarter, the quarter con 006 005

taining 8 bushels — — — For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Barley on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 24 Geo. 3. cap. 50. bycjock^ic i a 0 > > 0 14

INWARDS.

Corn and grain, continued

Barley, whenever the price at the port of importation shall be at or above 24s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Barley may be imported on payment of the duty of twopence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; t8 Geo. 3. cap. 25} 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap 50

£*'

0 0 2

o o —

- hulied, or Pearl Barley, vide Drugs.

- Beans, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be under 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels —-

For die conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Beans on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 435 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

- Beans, whenever the price at the place of importation shall be at or above 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels —-

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictious, under which Beans may be imported on payment of the duty of threepence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said duty. Vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo.

3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap

5°

- Beer or Bie, whenever the price at the port of importation mall be under 24 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Beer or Big on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo

3. cp. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap.

5°*

Beer or Big, whenever the price at the port of importation shall be at or above 24 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflriftfons, under which Beer or Big may be imported bn payment of the duty of twopence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may

1 2

o 14 (

003

000

2 o

o 14

0 0 2

OO0

S.

INWARD

Con and Grain, continued

be delivered from thence in order to be used or confused in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, ride 13 Geo. 3. cap. 431 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 30.

- Big. vide Beer.

- Indian Com most Maize, whenever the price of Barley

at the place of importation shall be under 24 a per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels —

- Com and Maize, whenever the price of Barley

at the place of importation shall be at or above 24 s. per quarter, the quarter containing. 8 bushels NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Indian Com and Maize may be imported on payment of the duty of one penny the quarter, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 15 Geo. 3. cap.

1; si Geo. 3. cap. 50.

- Maize, vide Indian Corn.

- Oats, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be under 10 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels —-

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictionsi under which Oats on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo,

3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

- Oats, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be at or above 16 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels —-

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Oats may be imported on payment of the duty of twopence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from theqee in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo.

3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29 & 21 Geo. 3. cap. 5°.

- Peas, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be under 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels —-

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which Peas on being imported into certain pom or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

- 1 — Peas, whenever the price at the place of importation shall be at or above 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels

Gock 1

£. /. d.

O II

O O I

070

OOOO

067

o 3 II

002

OOOO

o 18

o 10 4

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii IIL C 13.

[178;

SCHEDULE A.

S.

INWARD

Corn and train, continued

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Peas may be imported on payment of the duty of threepence the quarter, or having been On importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 425 18 Geo 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

- Rye, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be under 32 f. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels —-

For the conditions, regulations, andrestrictions, under which Rye on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom mqy he secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25 & 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

- Rye, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be at or above 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels-

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Rye may be imported on payment of the duty of threepence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thenoe in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said doty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap.

- Wheat, whenever the price at the place of importation shall be under 48 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels —-

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Wheat on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo.

3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25 & 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

- Wheat, whenever the price at the place of importation shall be at or above 48 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels NB. For the conditions, regulations, and rcflri&ions, under which Wheat may be imported on payment of the duty of sixpence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, vide^i3 Geo 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50,

Duty. (Drawback.

120

005

3

0 0 6

o 14 0

O O Q

O 16 3

OOOO

8.

INWARD

Com and grain, continued

- Wheat Flour, whenever the price of Wheat at the

place of importation shall be under 48 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Wheat Flour on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in waithouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 10 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

- Wheat Flour, whenever the price of Wheat at the

place of importation shall be at or above 48 s. per quarter, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Wheat Floor may be imported on pay, of the duty of twopence the hundred weight, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or contained in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3.

Cotton l^ooitride Wool.

Cotton Yarn. vide Yarn.

Cow or Ox Hair, vide Hair.

Cow or Ox Hides, vide Hides.

Cream of Tartar, vide Drugs.

Crohbow Thread, vide Thread.

Cucumbers pickled, the gallon-

Culm, the chalder containing 36 bushels Winchester xnea tare #'-

Carnots, vide Grocery.

Cattle Bones, the thousand —-

vide Cider.

Cyoders, the chalder containing 36 bushels Winchester measure-

Dues, vide Grocery.

davis's Straights. vide Greenland Seas.

Deals, vide Wood.

Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other precious stones and jewels, duty free

Dice, for every pair. —

Dimity, viz. Plain White Dimity, imported by the east-india company, the yard and besides, for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies

£ / d.

4 3

£- /. d.

o 16 3

002

00#

009 o 1590 5 11

o 10 6

o 12 6

16 10 o

° o 7« 000 0 5 3

000

000

o 1 s

000

[178 Drawbad

000

000

000

000

006

007

INWARDS.

Dimity, continued.

The drawback of the lad mentioned duty ofjixteen pounds ten Shillings, to be allowed on the exportation of such dimity, shall be for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been pudlickly sold at the sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Bad Indies, viz.

If exported to Africa

If exported to the Bridih colonies or plantations in America-

1 If exported to any parts or places beyond the seas (except to the british colonies or plantations in America) if the said goods shall have been printed, darned, painted, or dyed in this kingdom -

If exported to any parts or places beyond the (eas (except to Africa or the British colonies and plantations in America) if the said goods shall be exported from this kingdom without'having been printed, fiained, painted, or dyed therein

Dog stones., vide Stones.

Down, the pound —

- of Muicovy or Russia, imported in a foreign ship, the pound —

Drillings, vide Linen.

Drugs, viz.

Acacia, the pound —

Acorns, the pound —

- Adianthum Album, the pound — — - Adianthum Nigrum, the pound

- Agaric, the hundred weight — — Agnus Callus Seeds, the pound

Alkermes Con felt io, the ounce — *' Alkermes Syrup, the pound —

- Alkanet Roots, the pound —

- Almonds Bitter, the hundred weight — ' — Aloes Epatica, the pound

imported by the East India company, the pound Succotrina, the pound if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound —

imported by the East India company, the pound-

Alum Ronish or Roch, the hundred weight — Alumen Plumb, the pound —

Ambergris, black or grey, the ounce troy

imported by the east-india company, the ounce troy Ambra Liquida, the pound Ameos Seeds, the pound

£. s. d.

3 8 o

3

o

6

6

2

2 o 2 6 o 2

16 10 < 11 15!

I

16 10

14 10 < o 0 J o 0 j

o 0 0 0

81

Drugs

INWARDS.

continued.

Amomi Seeds*pound —

' — 11 Anacardium, the pound —

1 Angelica the pound-

Antimonium Crudum, the hundred weight

- Antimonium Prseparatum or Stibium, the pound

- Aqua fortis, the hundred weight —

- Argentum Sublime or Quicksilver, the pound

- imported by the East India company

the pound

- Aristolochia, the pound

- Arsenic, white o yellow, or rofalgar, the hundred

weight —

Afarum Roots, the pound

- Afpalthus, the pound —

- Ana fcetida, the pound —

- if not imported directly from the place of us growth, the pound

- imported by the East India company,

the pound —

- Auricube Judx, the pound

- Bacae Alkakengi, the pound

- balau/lium, the pound -

- Balfara Artificial, the pound

imported by the East India company, the pound -

- Canada Balsam, the pound

- Copaivae or Copaiba, the pound

- Natural, the pound —

- < imported by the East India company, the pound — Barbados tar, the pound —

- Barley hulled or Pearl Barley, the hundred weight

bay berries, the hundred weight — Bdellium, the pound — — i

- if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

- imported by the East India company,

the pound —

- ben album, or Rubrush, the pound*1 Benjamin, the pound —

- imported by the East India company,

the pound-

- Bezoar Stones of the West Indies, the ounce troy

- imported by the East India com

n, the ounce troy e pound

- Black Lead, the hundred weight' — Bolos communis or Arpomacus, the hundred

weight-

Bolus Verus or fine Bole, the pound^Borax in Palle or nnrefined, the pound Vol. XXXVI G

Doty. Drawback.

£. i. d. £. / d.

O 0 2 0 0

0 O90 0 6

0 O 2 0 0

0 4«0 0 0

0 0 1»0 0

0 4 8 0 0 0

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 P 8 0 0 6

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 4 8 0 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 2 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 090 0 6

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 1 6 0 1 0

0 i 6 0 I 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 090 0 6

0 1 6 0 1 0

0 1 6 0 1 0

0 0 1 0 0

0 8 10 0 6 0

0 4 8 0 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 090 0 6

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 5 0 0 3i

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 090 0 6

0 a 6 0 1 8

0 0 2 0 0 if

0 6 8 0 4 .5

0 5 6 0 2 4

0 0 2 0 04

0 0 3 0 0 a

82 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

SCHEDULE Duty. fdrawback,

INWARDS.

Drugs, viz. Borax, continued.

imported by the east-india company, the pound —

refined, the pound

imported by the fast India company, the pound —

Calamus, the pound-

Cambogium or Gutta Gambse, the pound —

imported by the east-india company, the pound Camphire refined, the pound

if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound — imported by the east-india company, the pound —

unrefined, the pound —

if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound

imported by the east-india company, the pound — Cancrorum Oculi, the pound —

Cantharides, the pound —

imported by the east-india company, the pound Capita Papaverum, the thousand Cardamoms, the pound —

imported by the east-india company, the pound —

Carlina, the pound —

Carpo balfamum, the pound Carrabe or Succinum, the pound Carraway seeds, the hundred weight Carthamus seeds, the pound Caftia buds imported by the east-india company: the pound —

Cassia fistula, the pound

- imported by the east-india company, the pound -

Cassia lignea, the pound

- imported by the east-india company, the pound-

Castor oil, the gallon-

Caftoreum or beaver's Cods, the pound — cerufta, the hundred weight —

Cetrach, the pound-

Chamspitys, the phund-

Chelae Cancrorum, 'the pound —

China roots, the pound —

«'if not imported directly from the

place of their growth, the pound " insported by the east-india company, the pound

s DOQ IC.

£. a.

0 0 3 0 0

0 1 0 0 0

0 I 0 0 0

0 0 2 0 0

0 0 6 0 0

0 0 6 0 0

0 0 8 0 0

0 2 0 0 1

0 O 8 0 0

0 O 4 0 0

0 t 6 0 0

0 O 4 0 V

0 O 6 0 0

0 I 0 0 0

0 I 0 0 0

0 1 8 0 1

0 O90 0

0 O90 0

0 O 3 0 0

0 O90 0

0 O 3 0 0

0 S 0 0 3

0 0 2 0 0

0 0 4 0 0

0 0 3 0 0

0 0 3 0 0

0 0 4 0 0

0 0 4 0 0

0 2 0 0 1

0 2 0 0 1

0 7 0 0 4

0 0 3 0 0

0 0 2 0 0

0 0 1 0 0

0 0 S 0 0

0 1 3 0 0

0 0 S Q 0

4

4

8

1

6

6

2 6 2 4

II

A

2

A

4

4

8

2

A

a

SCHEDULE. A.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

Cinabrium or Vermilion, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound —

Cinnabaris nativa, the pound —

- Ciperus, the hundred weight —

Citrago, the pound-

- Civet, the ounce troy -

Coculus India?, the pound —

1 — if not imported directly from the place of

its growth, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company, the pound-

p" Colophonia, the hundred weight —

Coloquintida, the pound —

- if not imported directly from the

place of its growth, the pound

- imported by the east-india company, the pound —

- coumbo root, imported by the east-india company, the pound-

*1 — Copperas blue, the hundred weight —

- 'white, the hundred weight-

' Coral, whitd or red for physical uses, in fragments,

the pound —

- imported by the east-india company, the

I pound-

- Coral whole, unpolished, the pound —

I — imported by the east-india company, the

I pound-

Coral whole, polished, the pound —

r - — imported by the east-india company, the

I pound-

Coriander seeds, the hundred weight —

- Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the pound —

Cortex cariophyllorum, the pound -

Cortex Elatheriae, the hundred weight —

Cortex Guaiaci, the hundred weight —

Cortex Limonum, vel Auranriorum, the pound

"cortex Peruvianus, the pound —

Cortex Simarouba, the pound —

Cortex Tamarifci, the pound —

Cortex Winteranus, the pound Coftus Dulcis et Amarus, the pound —

imported by the east-india company, the pound-

Cowitch, the pound-

Cream of Tartar, the hundred weight — Crystal in broken pieces for physical uses, the pound Cubebs, the pound-

- imported by the east-india company, the pound-

£'*

b

Duty,

o o

3

4 o

o

9

13

o

o

o

o

o

o

o i 3

0 5

3 3

0 6

1 6 o 6

o 6

4

4 8

0 3

1 6

I 6 3 o

o 4 o 4

4 8

o 3

0 0 2

SCHEDULE A.

Drugs,

INWARDS.

continued.

- Cummin Seeds, the hundred weight —

- Cufcuta, the pound-

- Cyclamen or Panis Porcinus, the pound

- Dapcus Credeus, the pound -

- Diagredium, or Scammony, the pound —

of its growth, the pound —

the pound —

Diptamus Leaves, tie pound —

- roots, the pound

Doronicum, the pound —

Ebori* Rafune, the pound —

Eleborus, the pound —

Epithymum, the pound —

eitence of Lemons, the pound —

Euphorbium, the pound —

- Fechia Brugiata, the hundred weight —

Fennel seeds, the pound —

Fenugreek, the hundred weight —

Flores chamoemeli, the pound —

Flores meliloti, the pound — '

Folium Indix, the pound —

- 1 imported by the east-india compa the pound-

Fox Lungs, the pound-

Frankinccnfe, the hundred weight —

Galanga, the pound-

*..... if not imported directly from the p

of its growth, the pound —

the pound Galbanum, the pound

of its growth, the pound

the pound —

Gentiana, the pound —

Ginfang, the pound —

Grains of Guinea, vide in G.

grana tin&orum, the pound

Gran ad ilia peruviana, the pound

Green Ginger, the pound

- imported by the Ea

pany, the pound

Guinea Pepper, the pound

Gum animi, the pound —

pany, the pound —

r Gum senega, the hundred we nported by the east-india comp; the hundred weight _ f

Duty. Drawbai

X

074 0 41

003 0 0

00 3 0 0

003 0 0

0 a 6 t 0 1

076»0 5

0 2 6 0 1

003 0 0

603 0 0

006 0 0

001 0 0

0 0 ij 0 0

003 0 0

0 a 0 0 1

00a 0 0

0 3 0 0 t

0 0 i 0 0

0 3 4 0 2

0 0 i 0 0

O O Ijr 0 0

00 6 0 0

006 0 0

008 0 0

048 0 3

0 0 2 e 0 0

VO O O at 0 0

002 0 0

004; e 0 0

010 r 0 0

004 0 0

001 0 0

008 0 0

009 0 0

009 0 0

006 1* 0 0

006 0 0

0 03 0 0

003 ! 0 0

0 0 3 0 0

it 0 0 6 ft 0 0

006 0 0

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

- Gam senega imported from Europe, the hundred

weight -

- Gom armoniac, the pound -

- if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the jhiund —

1 imported by the'east India company,

the pouna-

- Gum carannz, ie pound-

- Gum copal, the pound-

Gum elemi, the pound,-

- imported by the east-india company, the pound —

- Gum guaiaci, the pound -- Gom hedene, the pound —

- Gum lac, viz. Cake lac, the pound

- imported by the east-india company,

the pouna —

- Gum shellac or Seed lac, the pound

- imported by the east-india, company, the pound

Gom sticklac, the pound N.B. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions,

under which Gum sticklac may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i cap. 15.

- Gum opoponax, the pound —

- if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company, the pound —

- 1 - Gum sandrake or Juniperi, the hundred weight

- Gnm sarcocolla, the pound —

- if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound' —

imported by the east-india company,

the pound-

Gum serapinum or Sagapenum, the pound

if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound

- Gum tacamahaca, the pound

- Gum tragacanth, the pound if not imported diredkly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound —

- Hermodadlilns, the pound —

- Horns of Ham or Stags, the 100 Horns

- Hypociftis, the pound —

Jalop, the pound^ —

Duty.

*5

Drawback.

£ /« d. £ / d.

O is 11 % O O O

0 0 4 O O 2$

O 1 0 0 0 8

O 0 4 O

O 09O 0 6

O 0 8 O 0 Si

O 0 0 0 II

e 0 0 0 a

0 09O 0 6

0 09O 0 6

0 0 1 O 0 0$

0 0 1 O 0 ol

0 0 a O 0 7

0 0 a O <»*i

0 0 1 O 0 0

0 I 4 O M

0 4 0 O 1 8

0 1 4 O 6 tt

0 7 0 O 4 8

0 0 4 O 0 af

0 1 0 O O 00

0 0 4 O 0 2{

0 0 4 O 0 a

0 1 0 0 0 8

0 0 4 O O 2

0 09O 0 6

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 09O 0 6

0 0 3 O 0 2

p 0 3 O 0 2

b 6 8 0 4 5

0 0 5 O 0 2*

0 09O 0 6

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 11707.

SCHEDULE A.*| Duty. (Drawback,

INWARDS.

continued.

- Jnccnfe or Olioanaxn. vide Olibanum;

- I: eos, the hundred V

J

Jas,

tiu.

Jttd

the hundred weight —

labdanu.n ur lupajeaum, the pound

- if not imported directly from the place

edits growth, the pound —

- lapis calan.inaris, the hundred weight —

*imported by the East India company,

the hundred weight* —

- Lapis contrayervse, the ounce —

imported by the east-india co

pany, the ounce —

- Lapis hcematitis, the pound —

- lapis iiibernicus, the hundred weight —

- Lapis hyacinthi, the pound-

- Lapis judaicus, the pound-

- Lapis lazuli, the pound-

imported by the east-india company, the pound — — Lapis magnetis, the pound

- Lapis nephriticus, the pound

- Lapis o'hocolla, the pound

- Lapis Kubinus, the pound

- Lapis sapphirus, the pound r — — - Lapis smaragdus, the pound

- Lapis spoogta', the pound

- Lapis opagx, the pound — — Lapis tutia;, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company

the pound-

- Lavender flowers, the pound —

- Leaves of Roses, the pound, —

- Leaves of Violets or Flowers, the pound —

- Ler. tiles, the pound-

- Lignum Aloes, the pound —

- Lighum aipaltum, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company

the pound —

- Ligmim nephmicum, the pound

- Lignum rhodnim, the hundred weight

- Litharge of Gold, the hundred weight

- Litharge of Silver, the hundred weight

- Lupines, the hundred weight

- Lyntifcus or Xylobuifamiun, the pound - Madder roots, the hundred weight I\.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftn^ion under which Madder Roots may be entered withou payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. 15. V ——

£ s. /. i.

0 14 0 094

O 0 Ofo 0 0 0

O 0 2 0 0 io

4 s 0 3 3

O 0 s 0 0 a -

O 090 0 6

0 3 8 0 0 0

0 3 8 0 0 0

0 090 0 6

0 090 0 6

0 0 2 0 0 if

0 6 4 0 4

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 3 0 0 a

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 C 3 0 0 a

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 2 0 0 11

0 0. 3 0 0 1

0 0 3 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 a

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 3 .0 0 a

0 > 0 3 0 o a

0 0 3 0 0 1

0 0 4 0 0 z

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 Q. 2 O 0 1 \

0 O L 0 0 cj

0 O 6 0 0 4

0 O 2 0 0 I?

J 0 O 2 O 0

0 O 6 0 0 4,

0 7 0 0 41

0 0 JO 0 0 7

0 0 S 0 0

0 2 4 0 1 7

0 0 3 -0 0 2

0 4 8 0 0 Q

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

rugs, continued.

- Manna, the pound —

pound-

Marmelade, the pound —

- Maftich Red, the pound —

" - if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

imported by the east-india company,;

the pound-

Maftich White, the pound —

- if not imported direfuy from the place] of its growth, the pound —

1 1 — imported by the east-india company,;

the pound —

- Mechoacana, the pound-

Mercury precipitat, the pound —

- Mercury sublimat, the pound —

- Milliam solis, the pound-

- Mirobolanes condited, the pound —

- if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound — — 1

Mirobolanes Dry, the pound —

- if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound-

- Mithridate Venitia:, the pound -

- Mother of Pearl Shells rough, the pound

- imported by the east-india company, the]

pound-

Muik, the ounce troy-

- imported by the east-india company, the]

ounce troy-

Myrrha, the pound.-

- if not imported directly from the plai

its growth, the pound —

j 1 Ji r si t ________

Doty.

87 Drawback.

pound-

Myrtle bernes, the pound —

Nardus celdca or Spica Romana, the hundred! weight —-

Nitrom, the pound --

Nutmegs Condited, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company, the pound -

Nux de Ben, the pound —

nux cupreib, the pound -

nux indica, each

Nut vomica the pound r —

£ /. j. £ X d.

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 09O 0 6

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 1 6 0 1 0

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 09O 0 6

0 09O 0 6

0 0 2 O 0 II

0 0 2 O p il

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 0 2 O 0 LI

0 0 1 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 1 0 0

0 1 6 0 I 0

0 0 4 0 01

0 0 4 0 01

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 2 0 0 I 4

0 0 6 0 0 4

i ° 1 6 0 I 0

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 2. 0 0 i

094 0 6 2

0 0 5 0 0 3*

0 0 ia 0 0 7

0 0 10 0 0 7

0 0 2 - 0 0 i

0 0 2 0 0 i

0 0 1 0 0 oj

0 0 i 0 0 t

---

88 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

SCHEDULE A. - Duty. - Drawback.

INWARDS. - £. s. d. - £. s. d.

Drugs, Continued.

- Oil of Almonds, the pound - 0 0 3 - 0 0 2

- Oil of Amber, the pound - 0 0 6 - 0 0 4

- Oleum-Anisi, the pound - 0 1 6 - 0 0 4

- Oil of Bay, the hundred weight - 0 8 9 - 0 5 10

- Oleum-Cariophyllorum, the pound - 0 2 6 - 0 1 8

- Oleum-Carui, the pound - 0 0 6 - 0 0 4

- Oleum-Cinnamomi, the ounce troy - 0 1 6 - 0 1 0

- Oleum-Juniperi, the pound - 0 0 6 - 0 0 4

- Oil of Mace, the pound - 0 1 4 - 0 0 11

- Oleum Nucis Muscatae Liquidum, the pound - 0 2 0 - 0 1 4

- Oleum-Origani, the pound - 0 1 3 - 0 0 10

- Oleum Palmae, the hundred weight - 0 7 0 - 0 4 8

---

- Oleum Petrolium, the pound -

- Oleum Rhodii, the pound —

- Oil of Rosemary, the pound —

- Oleum salfafrse, the pound —

- Oil of Spike, the pound —

- Oleum Thymx, the pound —

- Oil of Turpentine, the pound —

- Oleum Vitrioli, the pound —

- Oil, viz. Chemical Oils not otherwise enumi

ed, the pound-

Olibanum or incense, the hundred weight — — — 1»if not imported directly from the pla of its growth, the hundred weight

the hundred weight Opium, the pound-

- not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company, the pound —

Orange Flower Ointment, the pound

Orange Flower Water, the gallon

- Origanum, the pound —

- Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the hundred weight»imported by the east-india company,

the hundred weight

- Pearl beaten, the ounce troy

- Pellitory, the pound —

- Pepper Long, the pound - imported by the east-india company,

the pound

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 14 0 Oil

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 i 3 0 0 10

0*70 048

003 002

050 0 3 4

009 006

0 1 0 008

004 0 0 i

0 1 3 0 0 to

o o i 0 0 oj

001 0 0 0{

O O»005

d 0 I 6 010

1 1 0: e 0 14 p

3 3 0 2 2 0

Piony Seeds, the pound-

Piftachias or Nux Piftachix, the pound — if not imported directly from the place 1 of its growth, the pound —

Pix Burgundiae, the hundred weight

Polypodium, the pound —

046

INWARDS.

Drugs, coodnoed.

- Potinm Montana m, the pound __

- Pomegranate Peels, the hundred weight

- Pompholix, the pound-

- Poppy Seeds, the pound-

- Pnxnelloes, the pound-

-.pfylliom, the pound — r

- Radix Biftorte, the hundred weight —

- Radix Caffuminar, the pound —

Radix Contrayervse, the pound —

1 - imported by the East India company,

the pound-

- Radix Ends Campanae, the hundred weight - Radix Eringii, the pound-

Radix Efulae, the pound —

- Radix Hypocacuana, the pound Radix Met Athamantici, the pound —

- Radix Phu, the pound-

Radix Scorcionera, theponnd

" Radix Seneca, the pound-

Radix Serpen tariae, the pound —

...Radix Tormentiliae, the hundred weight

- Red Lead, the hundred weight

1 — — Resina jalapii, the pound

- Resina Scammonii, the ponnd —

i Rhabarbarom or Rhabarb, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company, the pound —

Rhinehurst, the hundred weight —

d.

£ u d.

- Rofalgar. vide Arsenic

Saturni, the pound

Saffron, the pound —

Sago, the pound —

pound-

- Sal Alkali, the pound-

- Sal Ammoniacum, the hundred weight N. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions

under which Sal Ammoniacum may be entered with out payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. 15.

- Sal Gem, the hundred weight —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restric

dons, under which Sal Gem may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. 15.

- Sal Prunelbe, the pound -

- Sal Succini, the pound —

- Sal Tamarifci, the pound r-

- Tartari, the pound —

- Sal Vitrioii, the pound — f —

- Sal Volatile ammox^ci, the pound

0 0 0 O 1

0 4 8 O O 0

0 0 1 O O

0 0 U O O 1

0 0 3 O O 2

0 0 io O X

0 4 8 O 3 2

0 0 4 O 0

0 0 0 0 0 4

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 6 4, O 4 2

0 0 LI O 0 X

0 0 0 0 it

0 1 8 O 1 1

0 0 14 O 0 1

0 0 LI O 0 X

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 0 0 0 29O O 0 0?

0 3 2 O 2 I

0 3 8 O 2 S

0 3 2 O 2 X

0 3 2 O 2 X

0 1 6 O L 0

0 1 6 O X 0

0 6 4 O 4 2

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 2 6 O 1 8

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 4 8 O 0 0

0 4 8 O 0 0

o

o9o9o a o 2

0 4

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

Sal Volatile Cornu Cervi, the pound

Salep, the pound —

- if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound

- Sandracha. vide Gum Sandrake,

1 Sanguis Draconis, the pound

if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company, the pound

Duty.

o o

o o

Sanguis Hirci, the pound-

- Sarsaparilla, the pound-

- Sassafras Wood or Roots, the hundred weight — — Saunders Red, the hundred weight —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Saunders Red may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15 Saunders White, the pound-

1 Saunders Yellow, the pound —

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound-

- Scammony. vide Diagredium.

Scincus Marin us, each Scordium, the pound —

- Sebeftines, the pound —

- Seeds for Gardens, the pound

- Seler Montanus, the pound

- Semen Cucumeris, Cucurb, Citrol, Melon, the pound

- Sena, the pound

- if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound

- imported by the East India company, the pound-

- sj>erma Cceti, coarse and oily, the hundred weight NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions,

under which head matter or other produce of whales or other Creatures living in the sea, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's subjects usually residing therein respectively, jnay be admitted to entry and landed without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

- Sperma Cceti fine, the pound

- Spikenard, the pound —

imported by the east-india company,

the pound

o 1

o

17

Spiritus Cornu Cervi, the pound Spiritus Vitfioli, the pound

\C

0

o

2 O

0 0 3

O

O

o

o

o

o

o

LI

Drawbad

0 0 8 0 0 s

0 1 4 Q 0 11

0 I 4 0 0 II .1

0 0 0 0 8 1 0 0 0 Q

0 0

0 0 5

0 1 4

0 0 1

0 1 0

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. SCHEDULE A.

I N W A R D.S.

Drugs, continued.

' - Sponge, the pound —

- if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound

- Squilla, the hundred weight.

- imported by the east-india company, the hundred weight

- 1 Squinanthum, the pound

- if not imported diredhy from the

place of its growth, the pound — — Stave (acre, the hundred weight —

- Stechados, the pound —

Storax Calamita, the pound —

- if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound-

- Storax Liqnida, the pound-

- if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound

' Soccus Liquoritiae, the hundred weight Sulphur Vivnm, the hundred weight

- Talc Green, the pound-

- Talc White, the pound-

- Tamarinds, the pound-

- »*imported by the east-india company,

the pound-

- 1 Tapioca, the pound-

- Tartarum Vitriolatum, the pound —

- Terra j^panica, the pound — X —

- Terra Lemma, the pound-

- Terra Sigillata, the pound-

Thlafpii Semen, the pound-

Torofal, the hundred weight —

- Treacle common, the pound —

- Treacle of Venice, the pound —

- Turbith, the pound-

- if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

- " — imported by the east-india company,

the pound-

- *1 Turbith Thapfiae, the pound —

Turmeric, the pound-

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound-

- > Turpentine common, the hundred weight

- Turpentine of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the pound Turpentine of Germany, or of any other place not otherwise enumerated, the hundred weight — Vamilli, the hundred weight -

Verdigrease common, the pound —

- Verdigrease crystalli^cd, the poyn4

>nty. j 9* Drawback.

i. d, i ch d.

O90. 0. 6

2 3 0 I 6

2 6 0 1 8

2 6 0 X 8

0 4 0 0 2i

I 0 0 0 8

890 5 10

0 2 0 0 it

090 0 6

2 3 0 X 6

090 0 6

0 4 0 0 2i

I 0 0 0 8

8 0 0 0 0

6 8 0 4 5

0 2 0 0 it

0 2 0 0 it

0 2 0 0 it

0 2 0 0 it

0 2 0 o' it

0 3 0 0 a

0 4 0 0 2i

0 6 0 0

0 6 0 0 4

0 2 0 0 it

4 8 0 0 0

0 4 0 0 2l

1 6 0 1 0

1 0 0 0

3 0 0 2 0

1 0 0 0 8

0 5 0 0 3t

0 2 0 0 it

0 2 0 0 it

2 3 0 X 6

0 4 0 0 2i

1290 8 6

890 5 10

0 3 0 0 0

1 0 0 0 9

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

- Viscus Quercinus, the pound mt 1 Vitriolam Romanum, the pound

of its growth, the pound Umber, the hundred weight Ungulse Alcis, the too Hoofs

White Lead, the hundred weight —

- imported by the east-india comp: the hundred weight —

- Worm Seeds, the pound —

place of its growth, the pound

- imported by the east-india co

pany, the pound —

- Zedoaria, the pound-

' - — if not imported directly from the pb

of its growth, the pound —

imported by the east-india compai the pound-

Earthen Ware, viz.

Bricks, the thousand-

Tiles, the foot square Paving Tiles not exceeding ten the thousand-

Tiles exceeding ten i the thousand-

Tiles, the thousand

Ebony, vide Wood.

Eels, vide Fish.

Eggs, the hundred containing six score-

Teeth, the hundred weight —

1 — imported by the east-india company, the hundred weight»-

Elks Hair, vide Hair.

Elks Skins, vide Skint.

Emeralds, vide Diamonds.

Emery Stones, vide Stones.

Enamel, the pound — mmm

Eftridge Wool, vide wool

F.

Feathers, viz

- for Beds, the hundred weight —

11 — of Muscovy or Russia imported

in a foreign ship, the hundred weight 1 Ollrich or Eftridge Feathers drested, the pound

- ? »'updrefled the pound,

Kgs. side Grocery,

£ /. d.

0 0 10

0 C 0 2

0 0 6

0 4 S

0 3 3

0»4 5

0 4 5

0»0 6

0 1 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 1 6

0 0 6

0 7 2

I 0 12 2

0 t 0 3

1 }99

2 6 3

2 12 10

O 0 5

I 6 5

- X 10 10

e 3 4

1

10

5

[1787.

Drawback.

£*4

007 o o ij

004

0211

022

0211

0211

004

o 1 0

004

004

O I 0

004

o 6 8

OIIS

0 0 s

1 8 j

249

2 8 10

004

4 J

I 8 10

ox

3 J

3 5 o 7 101

o 3 il

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. Sins of Whales, vide Whale Sins. Fire Wood, vide Wood. Sir Quarters, vide Wood. Fish, vie. £ /. £*a

- Anchovies, the barrel containing 16 pounds of fish — — — vide in B. Caviare, vide in C 0 2 1 0 1 10

- Eels, viz. Quick Eels, the blip's lading - Lob tiers. NB. For the free importation of Lobsters, vide 1 Geo. 1. ftac. 2. cap. 18. 4 13 6 3 18 6

- Oysters, the bushel — — — 0 6 000

- Stock fish, the 120 — O 2 I 0, 4

- Sturgeon, the keg - Turbots. NB. For the free importation of Turbots, vide 1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2. cap. 18. — Fish caught and taken by British subjects. NB. For the conditions, regulations, and re&ridions, under which such fish may be imported without payment of duty, vide the act to which this Schedule is annexed. 034 0 111

Flannel, the yard — — Flax, viz. — dressed, imported in a british built ship, the hundred N O O 006

weight - imported in a foreign ship, the hundred S 4 $ 4 17 6

weight — — — rough or undressed, imported in a british built ship, the hundred weight hundred weight — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and refiridions, under which rough or undressed Flax may be imported without payment of any duty whatever, vide Geo. 2. cap. 27. And for die conditions, regulations, and refiridions, under which any sort of Flax and all the prod udion thereof, as Thread, Yarn, and Linen of the manufacture of Ireland, or any manu facture of Flax in Ireland may be imported from thence duty free, vide 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. a. cap. 26. Flint Stones for Potters, the tonne containing 20 hundred 588 4 17 0

0 4 10 0 5 1 0 0 VI VI

weight — — — 010 OOOO

Flocks, the hundred weight ro S H O 7 IO

Friie of Ireland, the yard — — Farriers Wafie fit only for making Glue, the hundred 0 0 is OO5

weight — — — .'Fan. vide Skins. Fastkk. vide wood, rv 0 (A 0 O O

94

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

Doty. jdrawback.

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

G.

Garnets, viz.

- Rough, the pound -

- imported by the East India company, the pound-

-'Cut, the pound-

- imported by the East India company, the pound-

Galls, the hundred weight-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which Galls may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. I >.

Geneva, vide Spirits.

Ginger, vide Grocery.

- Green, vide Drugs.

Glass, viz.

- Bottles, vide Bottles.

Broken fit only to be re manufactured, the hundred

weight —-

Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the hundred

o weight -

Glue, the hundred weight.-

Goats Hair, vide Hair.

Goats Skins, vide Skins.

Grain or Scarlet Powder, the pound Grain of Seville in Berries, and Grains of Portugal or

Rotta, the pound ——

Grains, viz. Guiney Grains, the pound —

Graves, for Dogs, the hundred weight —

Grave Stones, vide Stones.

Grcafe.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Grease may be imported dutyfree, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 12; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53.

Greenland Seas.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under whi<; h Whale Fins, Oil or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil or Seal Skins, or any other produce of Seals or other Fish or Creatures taken or caught in the Greenland Seas, or davis's Straights, or in the Seas adjacent, by British subjects usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or 4n the islands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man, may be imported in firitish built ships without payment of*duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

Grocery, viz.

*- Almonds, viz.

- Jordan, the hundred weight —

£*d

0 + 5 0 3 n

056 050

03 3 Oil 9

199. 8 3

0 4- 5 000

o 1 3

O I

o 4

4l

5

° o 9

004*

002

o Oil

z 6

1 0

o 1 3

0311

° 7

o 3l o !i o 10

3 3

SCHEDULE A.

Doty.

95

Drawback.

INWARDS.

Grocery, continued

- Almonds, viz.

of any other sort (except bitter a1 monds), the hundred weight bitter, vide Drugs.

...Anniseeds, the hundred weight —

- Cinnamon, the pound

£ s. si.

£* S. dm

imported by the east-india company, the pouna-

- Clove, the pound-

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound-

Currants, viz.

- imported in a british built ship, the hundred weight —

- imported in a foreign ship, the hundred weight-

- Dates, the hundred weight —

- figs, viz.

- imported in a british built ship, the hundred

weight-

- imported in a foreign ship, the hundreci

weight-

- Ginger of the British plantations, the hundred

weight-

- not of the British plantations, the hundred

weight-

- Liquorice Juice, vide Succus Liquoritiae, under

Drugs.

- Powder, the hundred weight

i- -- hundred weight —

- Mace, the pound-

- imported by the east-india company, the pound-

- Nutmegs, the pound-

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound-

- Pepper, on importation by the east-india company to be warehoused, the pound NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which such Pepper may be warehoused on importation, vide 8 Anne, cap. 7; 10 Anne, cap. 26; 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15.

- when taken out of such warehouse for

home consumption, the pound — — Pimento, of the British plantations, the pound not of the British plantations, the pound

- Plumbs dried, the pound-

- Prunes, the hundred weight —

- «Raiiins, viz.

- of the fun, imported in a british built

ship, the hundred weight

3 2 1 1 8

3 2 1 1 8

4 3 0 4 0

4 5 0 4 0

2 8 0 2 5

2 8 0 2 S

3 4 1 1 9

4 10 1 1 9

6 3 2 3 3

12 10" 0 12 0

!3 4^ 0 12 0

11 0 0 10 6

8 0 1 6 0

12 1 2 11 1

8 10 1 8 0

4 0 0 3 8

4 0 0 3 8

2 0 0 1 10

2 0' 0 1 10

0 oi 0 0

o 6

0 3

o 6

° 3

12 5

o 18 8

OOOO 0 0 2 OO5 0 0 2 083

o 17 6

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback

I N W A R D. S. Grocery, continued. £ d 1 C. d.

the hundred weight -'Smyrna, imported in a british built ship 0 19 X f 0 17 6

the hundred weight 0 11 5 e 0 10 10

hundred weight» — Lexia, imported in abncifh builtship, tbi 0 11 8 5 0 10 10

hundred weight — 080»078

hundred weight — Faro, imported in a british built shipj 081»678

the hundred weight o80 1 078

hundred weight — - — Lipra or Belvidere, imported in a British 081 078

built ship, the hundred weight 083 0 7 11

the hundred weight — — r Denia and all other Raisins not otherwise enumerated, imported in a british built ship, the hundred weight CD in a foreign ship, the hundred ° 8 5 0 7 11

071 0 6 10

weight — — 072 0 6 to

- Sugar candy, brown, the hundred weight 2150 2 so 0

company, the hundred weight 4 19 0 426 4 !4 0 3 1.5 0

company, the hundred weight — Sugar, viz. 786 7 1 0

>»refined, the hundred weight — — brown and Muscovado, not of the British 4 18 8 4 10 2

plantations, the hundred weight» — white, not of the British plantations, the 172 1 5 1

hundred weight — *- brown and Muscovado, of the British 256 2 1 10

plantations, the hundred weight — white, of the British plantations, the 0124 0124

hundred weight - from any of the British colonies or plantations on the continent of America, upon the importation to be warehoused. I g 0 190

the hundred weight — NF. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, to which such Sugar is subject upon importation, vide 6 Geo. 3. cap 52. — when taken out of such warehouse, in order to be used in this kingdom, the 003 000

hundred weight — 1 6 11 000

97

[Drawback.

INWARDS.

Grogrcm Yam. vide Yarn.

Guernsey. vide Jersey, island of.

Guinea Wood, vide Wood.

Gunpowder, viz. Corn Powder, the hundred weight' 1 Serpentine Powder, the hundred weight

H.

Hair, viz,

- Camels, the pound -

- Cow or Ox, the hundred weight

- Elks, the hundred weight —

- Goats, viz.

Carmenia wool, the pound —

- *imported by the east-india

company, the pound NB. For the exemption from duty on any l>oats Hair or Turkey Goats Wool,vide 24 Geo. 3. fcc 2. cap. 21.

- Horie, the pound-

- Human, the pound

Hair powder, vide Powder

Hams, vide Bacon.

handbaiketj. vide Baflcets.

Hfcndfcoops, the dozen-

Handspikes. vide Wood.

hare's Wool, vide Wool.

Harp Strings, the gross containing 12 dozen knots Hats, viz.

- Baste or Straw Hats or Bonnets, each hat or bonnet not

exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen — Baste or Straw Hats or Bonnets, each hat or bonnet exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen Chip, Cane, or horsehair Hats or Bonnets, each hat or bonnet not exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen-

- Chip, Cane, or horsehair Hats or Bonnets, each hat

or bonnet exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen-

- made of, or mixed with, felt, hair, wool, or beaver,

the hat-

Hay, the load containing 36 trades, each truss being 56 pounds-

Headings, vide Stares, under Wood.

head matter.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictidns, under which head matter taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vefle built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, lerfey or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's subjects ofually redding therein respectively, may be admitted to entry and landed without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap 41; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50, '

VOL. XXXVI H

£ d. L

1 J 1 a

o o

o o

o

2

0 0

° 5

il

6

9

6

3 6

o 7*4

o 11

d.

in 3 o 19 6

o o 7 076 o 7 6

007

ooft

008

000

o 0 10

O 2 2

O 2 (5,

0 5 0

0 3 .1

063

1 19 o o 10 9

C

INWARDS.

Heath for brushes, the hundred weight -

Hemp, viz.

- drested, imported in a british built ship, the hundred

weight-

- imported in a foreign ship, the hunc

weight —-

- rough or undressed, imported in a british built

the hundred height-

- imported in a foreign ship, hundred weight NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which a Ay sort of hemp of the growth of Ireland and all the production thereof, as thread, yarn, and linen of the manufacture of Ireland or any manufacture of hemp in Ireland, may be imported from thence duty free, vide 7 & 8 W. 3 cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 26. And for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which'hetnp of the produce of the British plantations in Ataerica may be imported duty free, vide 8 Geo. 1. capk2.

Hides, viz.

- Coi' or Ox Hides, in the Hair, the piece — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions1 under which raw or undreded hides of cattle of what kind soever (except of horses, mares, or geldings may be imported without payment of any duty from] Ireland or any of the British colonies in America, vide 9 Geo. 3. cap. 39; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29 Cow or Ox Hides tanned, the pound —

Elk. vide skins.

of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the Hair, the piece

- the pound

Indian Hides undressed, the piece —

- Lorn Hides, the pound-

- Mitfcovy or Rullia Hides tanned, the pound

Hones, the hundred containing 5 score —-

the barrel containing 42 gallons —

Hoops of lion for Calks, the hundred weight —

of Wood for Coopers, the thousand-

the hundred weight-

Hbrds of Cows or Oxin, the hundred containing 5 score —

- Harts or Stags, vide Drugs.

Horn tips, the hundred containing 5 score-

Hair, vide Hair.

- Hats or Bonnets, vide Hats.

- Hides, vide Hifies.

Horses, m^tcs, or Geldings, the Horse, Mare or Gelding NB. For the free importation of cattle from Ireland vide C Geo. 3. cap. 10; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8. Homan Hdir. vide Hair.

Hnngary water. vide Sjriritt. o

Doty. 3rawba

£ J £ '

4 S 0 3 I

240 i 19

2 691 19 L

0 3 8 0 3

0 3 11 0 3

009

0 0

0 0 5

0 0 9

0 0 5*

0 1 2

0 0 10

0 0 8

0 11 0

0 8 10

0 11 5

0 5 11

5 1810

0 1 10

0 0 7

2 4 0

0 0 (

0 0 I

0 0 (

0 1 i

0 0

0 0 i

O JO C

0 7 14

0 Q

0 5 3

4 3 i

0 1?

0 0

119

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. SCHEDULE A. Duty. 99 Drawback;

INWARDS. I. Jersey, iaiod of NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which goods, wares, and merchandise (except salt) of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the ihands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark or Alderney, may be imported without payment of custpms, vide 3 Geo. i. cap. 4; and 5 Geo. 1. cap. 18. £ d. £ da

Jet, the pound — - — Jewels, vide Diamonds. 009 0 0 s

incle unwrought or Short Spinne|, the pound — 0 0 3i 000

- wrought, the dozen pounds — — Iodian corn. vide Corn. 194 1 5 4

Iodico, the pound — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Indico may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15. 006 000

Ink for Printers, the hundred weight — — Iron, viz. 0 8 10 0 7 10

- in Bars or unwrought, of Ireland, the tonne — ported in a british built Blip, I 10 10 1 7 4

the tonne — — portedin a foreign ship, the s 16 2 2 is 9

tonne — — or Russia, imported in a Bri 3 9*2 12

tish built ship, the tonne — or Raffia, imported in a foreign 2 16 2 2 12 8

ship, the tonne — — of Ireland, slit or hammered into rods, the hundred 3 7 3 2 12 8

weight — — - 0 4 5 0 3 it

square, the hundred weight — — — of Muscovy or Ruilia, slit or hammered into rods, and iron drawn or hammered less than % f n inch square, imported in a british built 0911 095

ship, the hundred weight and iron drawn or hammered less than^of an inch square, imported in a foreign ship, 0911 09i

the hundred weight — " — of any other country, slit or hammered into rods, and iron drawn or hammered less than £ of an inch square. 0 10 3 O9s

the hundred weight — — — Hoops, vide Hoops. 0911 09S

- Ore, the tonne — mm ". 029« 026

INWARDS.

Iron. viz.

- Old broken and old call Iron, the tonne —

- Pig Iron from the British plantations, the tonne

- f Wire, vide Wire.

NB. Fof the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which bar iron and pig iron made in his Ma

23 Geo. 2. cap. 29; and 30 Gheo. 2. cap. 16. Isinglass. vide Drugs.

Juice of Lemons, the tonne containing 252 gallons - Limes, the gallon-

Ivory, the pound —-

K.

Kelp, the tonne —-

Kits of Wood, vide Pails of Wood.

Knees of Oak. vide Wood.

L

Lace, viz.

- Bone Lace of Thread, the dozen yards Lambs Wool, vide Wool.

Lamp Black, the hundred weight -

Lard, the pound-

vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 12; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. $3. Lathwood. vide Wood,

Latten, viz.

- Black, the hundred weight -

- Shaven, the hundred weight —

- Wire, vide Wire.

Lawns, vide Linen.

Lead ore, the tonne-

Lead, Black, Red, or White, vide Drugs.

Leaves of Gold, the 100 leaves-

Lemons, the thousand —-

of. vide Juice of Lemons.

' pickled, the tonne containing 252 gallons Lignum vitae, vide Wood.

Lime juice, vide Juice of Limes.

Linen, viz.

- Alexandria or Turkey plain, not exceeding one y

in width, the ell-

width, the ell Callicoes, viz.

east-india company, the piece: e of callicoe of the breadth of one arter or under hall exceed in leagt

Duty [Drawback.

C*£ i

0139036»1 0 12 6 05°

30 5 003 023 365 0 0 z 0 2 0

0 16 6 0 15 0

0 17 8 0 is 8

1 15 3 00199 I 13 3 000 '

013 3 120 0 12 3 1 0 4

0178 0 is 8

0 1 2 0 4 S 0 1 0 0 3 n

i is 3 1 13 3

d 007 n 0 0 10 006 009

le d 5 5 in 0 $ 0

loi

INWARDS.

Liam, continued.

Calicoes, viz.

yirds i and no piece of callicoe above that breadth hall exceed LIX yards; and if any piece of callicoe hall exceed those lengths, the same shall be charged according to the respective lengths of ten yards and six yards for each piece, and Stall pay duty for the same in that proportion for any greater or le/ter quantity, vide and 5 W. and M. cap.

and besides, for every ioo. of the true and real value of such gopds according to the gross price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

The drawback of the last mentioned further duty of i 6: 1 or to be allowed on the exportation of web goods, shall be for every ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods Qiall have bpen publicly sold at the sales of Die united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, viz. r — »if exported to Africa —

if exported to the british colonies or plantations in America —

*- if exported to any parts or places beyond

the seas (except to the british colonies or plantations in America), if the aid goods hall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in this kingdom-

if exported to any parts or places beyond the seas (except to Africa or the british colonies or plantations in America,) if the said goods shall be exported from this kingdom without having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed therein-

r — Cambricks ind French Lawns to be fecared in warehouses for exportation, the half piece, containing 6{ else —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Cambricks and French Lawns may be imported to be secured in warehouses for exportation, vide 32 Geo. 2. cap. 32; and 7 Geo. 3. cap 43, '

*1 Canyas, VI —

- Canvas, or Dutch Barrafs, the 120

else — r-

' Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or queenborough Canvas, the 120 full -

Hi

£. / d.

16 IO 0

OOOO

p90

000

00c

006

1 7 C o 18 a

Drawback.

000

X 6 10 o 11 15 o

16 10 0

14 10 o 000

5

o 16 11

ioi

INWARDS.

Linen, continued —

- *viz.

-« Poldavies, the bolt containing 28 else »- Damaflc Tabling, of the manufacture of Holland or any other of the united provinces, viz.

not exceeding ell f in breadth, the yard 11 1 above ell and under 2 else in breadth,

i the yard-

"of the breadth of 2 else or upwards, and

under 3 else, the yard —

of the breadth of 3 else or upwards, the yard -

m Damask Tabling of Ireland, vide irish Cloth.

- of Russia. vide Linen of Russia

- Tabling of s^lefia making, or of any otl

place not otherwise enumerated, the yard Damask Towelling and Napkining, of the manufacture

of Holland or any other of the united provinces, the yard — — "

- of Ireland, vide Irish Cloth.

- of Russia. vide Linen of Russia —

- Silesia making, or of any other place not otherwise enumerated, the yard —

jm Diaper Tabling of the manufacture of Holland or any other of the united provinces, viz. '

- not exceeding ell^in breadth,

the yard-

- above ell f in breadth, and under

2 else, the yard —

- of the breadth of 2 else or upwards

and under 3 else, the yard V

- of the breadth of 3 else, or up

wards, the yard —

fc. Diaper Tabling of Ireland, vide Irish Cloth.

- of Russia. vide Linen of Russia —

- Silesia making or of any other place, not otherwise enumerated, the yard —

- Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the manufacture of Holland or any o: her of the united pro vinces, the yard-

- of Ireland, vide Trish Cloth.

- of Russia. vide Linen of Russia

- Silesia making, or of any other place not otherwise enumerated; the yard —

- Drillings and Packduck, the 120 else —

- Flanders and Holland Linen plain, not otherwise

00 so

0 5 4

0 6 2

0 7 0

0 4

0 I 3

0 1 11

enumerated, viz.

not exceeding ell breadth, the ell

in

00 5

025

0210

° 3 2 048

oil

o p 10

° 5 5 4

o 1 4

INWARDS. '* d

iaen, continued.

Flanders and Holland Linen, viz. above i ell and under 2

else, in breadth, the ell > of the breadth of 2 else or upwards, and under 3 else, the ell

of the breadth of 3 else or upwards, the ell German, Switzerland, East country (except Raffia) and Silesia Cloth, plain, viz.

- above the breadth of 314 inches,

and not exceeding 36 inches, the 120 else

above 36 inches in breadth, the

120 else — # —

1 — *not above 31 \ inches in breadth,

the 120 else Hinderlands, Brown, viz.

- under 214 inches in breadth, the 120

else.

- Cloth, Plain, not exceeding 36 inches in

breadth, the 120 else

exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 else-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which linen (except cambricks and lawns, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 43), of the manufacture of Ireland, not being chequered, striped, printed, painted, stained or dyed, may be entered without payment of duty, vide 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 26.

- Lawns, viz.

- " 1 Silesia and all other lawns plain (except

lawns of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king), not bleached in Holland, the piece not exceeding 8 yards in length o 3

- Silesia and all other lawns plain (except

lawns of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king bleached in Holland, the piece not exceeding 8 yards in length-

- Oil Cloth, not exceeding yard wide, the ejl exceeding yard wide, the ell

o 1 7

019

027

3 1 S

4 14 5*4 7

o 16

0124 2 5 4

Packduck. vide Drilling.

Raffia Linen, Plain, viz.

- Towelline and Napkining of the manufacture

of Russia, not exceeding 224 inches in breadth, imported in a british built ship, the 120 else*-

rrr*Towelling and Napkining of the manufac lufc of Russia, not exceeding 22i inches in

3 10

0 4

9 7

*5 5

S

(Drawback.

o V S 017

O 2 (

2 16 5

495 1 2 7

>5 I 011 4

4 4

o 2 10 ° J 7

0 0 4

O

o 14 0

INWARDS.

Linen, continued.

- 11 Russia Linen, via.

t breadth. Imported in a foreign ship, the

120 else —-

- Narrow Russia Linen, not otherwise enume*T rated, not exceeding 22^ inches in breadth

imported in a british built ship, the 120 2 _ else - _ —

j. Narrow Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated,

not exceeding 22* inches in breadth imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 22^ inches in breadth, and not exceeding inches, imported in a british built ship, the 120 else

Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not other wise enumerated, exceeding 22^ inches in breadth, and not exceeding 31^ inches, imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else ! Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 3 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 36 inches, imported in a british built ship, the 120 else

- Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not other

wise enumerated, exceeding 31^ inches in breadth, and not exceeding 36 inches, imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else' — Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 36 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 45 inches, imported in a british built ship, the izo else 1 Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 36 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 45 inches, imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else»Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 45 inches in breadth, imported in a british built ship, the 120 else-

- Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, hot other wise enumerated, exceeding 45 inches in breadth, imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else-

r Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Holland, or of any other of the united provinces, not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 else-

- Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Holland or of any other of the united provinces, exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 else-

t1 — Sail Cloth, or Sail Ducjc of Russia, not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, imported in a british built jffiip, the 120 else-

I. C 15. Duty. 1 ti Drawbac

C - £*-

0 16 1914 1

0 16 5 015 1

0 17 2 015 1 '

\ 7 t»1

1 s 8 1?

1 > 11 113 it

1 18 6 1 ij 11

3 9" 3 j

311 6 3 t

4 14 S 495

4 17 2 49i J

2 3 \ 0 0 0

3 16 1 0 0

2190 0 0

INWARDS.

Linen, continued.

...Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Russia, not exceeding

36 inches in breadth, imported in a foreign ffiip; the 120 else —-

Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Russia, exceeding 36

inches in breadth, imported in a bxitish built ship, the 120 else —-

- Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Russia, exceeding 36,

inches in breadth, imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else —-

- Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, not otherwise enumerared.

not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 else

Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, not otherwise enumerated,

exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the iso else' — Sail Cloth, or Canvas, of the manufacture of Ireland, on which the bounty of 4d. the yard has been there granted, being of the value of d. the yard or upwards, the yard a-

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, concerning such Sail Cloth or Canvas, vide 23 Geo. 2. cap. 32.

- Sail Cloth, or Canvas, of the manufacture of Ireland,

on which the bounty of id. the yard has been there granted, being of the value of 10d. the yard, and under the value of 14^. the yard, the yard NB. For the conditions, regulations, and rednclions, concerning such Sail Cloth or Canvas, vide 23 Geo. 2. cap. 32.

Sheets old, the piece —

- Spanish or Portugal Linen plain, viz.

- not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the ell

- exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the ell

- Turkey Lincq. vide £inen of Alexandria, f/ufeed. vide Seed.

Liquorice, vide Grocery.

Juice, vide Succus Liquoritiae, under Drugs, litharge of Gold or Silver, vide Drugs.

Litmus, the hundred weight-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Litmus may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. I. cap. 15. Lobflers. vide Fish.

Logwood, vide Wood.

Lumber, vide Wood.

Lutestrings or Catlings, the gross containing twelve dozen knots ——

M.

Mace, vide Grocery.

Madder, the hundred weight.-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Madder may be entered without pay j&ctat of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15.

105

Drawback,

d.

d.

3 «4 9

16

2 1 9

34 9

004

000

000

000

000

000

000

o o

000

o 6

o o

o

o

4*

7

3 4

000

026

° 4

022

O Q

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Madder Root, vide Drugs.

Mahogany, vide Wood.

Maize, vide Corn.

Man, Isle of.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which beftials and other goods, wares, and merchandise, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the Isle of Man (with exceptions as to some articles) may be imported directly from thence without payment of customs, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 43. Maps, the map —-

Marble, vide Stones.

Mares, vide Horses.

Marmalade, vide Drugs.

Mads, vide Wood.

Mats of Russia, viz.

- imported in a british built ship, the hundred containing five score ——

- in a foreign ship, the hundred containing nve score - '

of Barbary or Portugal, the yard —

- of Holland, the yard-

Meal, vide Corn.

Mead, the hogshead containing 63 gallons — Medlars, the bafhei —-

Melasses, viz.

- 1*of and from the British. plantations in America

the hundred weight-

v not of and from the British plantations in America, the hundred weight-

Metal, viz.

- Leaf (except of leaf gold) the packet containing 250 leaves —-

- " prepared for battery, the hundred weight Metheglin, the hogshead containing 63 gallons Millboards, vide Pasteboards, under Wood.

Millstones. vide Stones.

Mohair Yaru. vide Yarn.

Morels, the pound '-

Moss, viz.

- Rock Moss for dyers use, the tonne containing twenty

hundred weight —-

Mum, the barrel containing 32 gallons« —

NB. Subject also to the duty of excise.

Mullard Sped, vide Seed.

N.

Neats Tongues, the dozen* —

- y of Ireland, vide bees.

tyecjclacfs. vide Bracelets.

Nicaragua Wood, vide Wood

Nutmegs, vide Grocery.

Duty

o o

o 11

o 11

o o P O

o 8

O II

0 o

1 11

p 8

o 1

O I

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13, ioy

SCHEDULE A. Doty. [Drawback.

INWARDS.

Nats, viz,

- Chestnuts, the bushel> —

- Nuts, thtf bushel —-

- Walnuts, the bushel —-

Oak Bark (when allowed to be imported) the hundred weight ——

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restations, under which Oak Bark may be imported, vide 12 Geo. 3. cap. 50; and 24 Geo. 3. fefl. a. cap. 19,

Oak Boards, vide wood.

Oaker, the bushel ——

the hundred weight —

Oak Plank, vide Wood.

Oak Timber, vide Wood.

Oars, vide Wood.

Oats, vide Corn.

Oil, viz.

- Sailad Oil, imported in a british built ship, the gallon

- imported in a foreign ship, the gallon

- Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in a british built

ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons — Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons —

- Rape and Linseed Oil, the tonne containing 252 gallons

- —

- Oil of Hemp Seed, or any other Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated, the tonne containing 252 gallons

- Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of foreign fishing,

the tonne containing 252, gallons — '

- Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of British fishing,

viz.

- of Greenland and parts adjacent, the tonne

containing 252 galions,-

- of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any shipping belonging to his majesty's colonies or plantations and imported in such shipping, the tonne containing 252 gallons —

- of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any shipping belonging to his majesty's colonies or plantations and imported in shipping belonging to Great Britain, the tonne containing 252 gallons —-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which Oil, or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, or any other produce of Seals or other fish or creatures taken or caught in the Greenland Teas, or davis's Straights, or in the seas adjacent, by British subjects usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, 'trin the [Hands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man, may U imported in british built ships without paying

C*£*4*

o 1 5

009 000

9 o 1

7 o

7 9

o i j

008

00$

000

*3

18

4

3 p

a.

o 15 5

o 12 2

I o 10

494 9

9

12 14 o

13 13 o

t 11 3

012 s

10 j

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.'d

Oil, continued.

Train Oil or Blubber, or Fish Oil of British (idling, viz.

any duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41* And for the conditions, regulations, and redri&ions, under which Oil, head matter, or other produce of Whales or other creatures living in the leas, taken and caught in ahy part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man, wholly owned by his miqedy's subjects usually redding therein respectively, may upon importation into Great Britain be admitted to entry and landed without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. jo.

of Newfoundland and like sort, the tonne coq taining 252 gallons — — 165

vie

of Newfoundland and like sort, taken by hipping belonging to any of his majesty's colonies or plantations and imported in such ship ping, the tonne containing 232 gallons — of Newfoundland and like sort, taken by

hipping belonging to any of his majesty's colonies or plantations and imported in shipping belonging to Great Britain, the tonne containing 232 gallons —-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and redridions, under which Oil or Blubber of d(h or creatures LIVing in the Teas, caught and taken on the banks and (bores of the island of Newfoundland and parts adjacent, wholly by his majesty's subject carrying on the said {ithtry from his majesty's European dominions, and usually redding in the said dominions, may be admitted to entry duty free, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26 And for the conditions, regulations, and redrittions under which Oil, head matter, or other produce ol Whales or other creatures living in the (eas, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crews o! any ships or vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland or the islands of Guernsey, Ierfey or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's subjects usually redding therein reflectively, may upon importation into Great Britain be admittea to entry and landed with out payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

Oil Cloth, vide Linen.

Olives, the hogshead containing 63 gallons 7 olive Wood, vide Wood.

Onions, the buihel —

Onion Seed, vide Seed.

Oranges and Lemons, the thousand-

the hundred weight-

NB For the conditions, regulations and rcdri&ions,

Doty.

o 13 J

o9u

of

1 IS 3

o93

o 4 i o Q 4

drawback.'

INWARDS, under which Orchal may be entered without payment of any doty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15 Orchelia, or Archclia, the hundred weight —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Orchelia may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15. Orfedew, the dozen pounds-

Ostrich Feathers, vidie Feathers

Ontnal Thread, vide Thread.

Oysters. vide fi£h.

P.

Packthread, the hundred pounds —

Paling Boards, vide Wood.

Pails of Wood or Kits of Wood, the dozen —

Painters Colours of all sorts, not otherwise enumerated, the pound —-

Paper, viz.

- Atlas, ordinary, the ream -

- fine, the ream-

- Baliard, or double Copy, the ream —

- Blue Royal, the ream -

- Bine Paper, for sugar bakers, the ream —

- Brown Paper, the bundle containing 40 choir

Cap. the ream-

Cap. viz.

- fool's Cap. fine, the ream —

- fool's Cap. second, the ream —

- Genoa fool's Cap. fine, the ream —

- Genoa fool's Cap. second, the ream

- German fool's Cap. the ream —

- fine Printing fool's Cap. the ream

- second ordinary Printing fool's Cap. the

ream —-

- Cartridge Paper, the ream-

- Chancery double, the ream -

- Crown, viz.

- fine Genoa Crown, the ream —

- second Genoa Crown, the ream

German Crown, the ream —

- fine Printing Crown, the ream -

- second ordinary Printing Crown, the ream

' Demy, viz,

- Demy fine, the ream-

Demy second, the ream-

- Genoa Demy, fine, the ream —

- " Genoa Demy second, the ream —

- German Demy, the ream —

- Printing Demy, the ream

i.

060

£* s

000

a s s

Elephant, Ordinary, the ream

fine, the ream

fool's Cap. vide Cap Paper.

by

0 13 3 0 11 9

0 i: 10 0 1 8

0 0 2 0 0 LI

1 8 10 0 0 0

2 5 2 0 0 0

O 5 4 0 0 0

O 8 6 0 0 0

O 7 1 0

O a 11 a 0 0

O 4 11 0 0 0

O 6 2 0 0 0

O 5 4 a 0 0

O 4 7 0 0

O 39tx 0 0

O 390 0 0

O 390 0 0

O 3 4, 0 0 0

O 590 0 0

O 5 0 0 0 0

O 4 7 0 0 0

O 390. 0 0

O 390 0 0

O 390 0 0

O 3 4 0 0 0

O3 6 0 0 0

O 11 0 0 .0 0

0 690 0 0

O 5 11 0. 0 0

O 5 11 0 0 0

O 6 2 0 0 0

O 12 3 0 0 0

I 5 4 0 0 0

4

i id Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

SCHEDULE A. Duty. jdrawback.

INWARDS. £. s. d. £ > i

Paper, continued.

Imperial fine, the ream - — 2 5 2 OOOO

I l6 II 0 0 0

Lombard, viz. German Lombard, the ream 0 390 0 0

- Medium, viz. O l6 2

0 0 0

O 12 11 OOOO

O IO 5 0 0 0

Poll, viz. — small Poll, the ream — — 0, 9I O 5 1 0 o' 0 000

- fine large Poll, weighing fifteen pounds per 087

ream, or upwards, the ream — — fine large Poll, weighing under fifteen pounds 000

per ream, the ream o79 OOOO

- Pot, viz.

'u — fine Genoa Pot, the ream - o34 OOOO

—; second Genoa Pot. the ream, 0 3 4 000

ordinary Pot, the ream — 0 34 000

- superfine Pot, the ream — 0 5 4 OOOO

>* — «- second fine Pot, the ream^> Prefiing Paper, the hundred weight — 047 000

0 12 10 0 0 JO

Royal, viz. rf*roynl fine, the ream — 1 5 4 000

'fupor Royal sine, the ream — 1 11 11 000

second writing Royal, the ream — 1«3 000

second writing super Royal, the ream 1 5 4; 0 0 0

- Genoa royal sine, the ream — ©14 5 OOOO

- Genoa Royal second, the ream — 0 13 1 0 0 0

- fine Holland Royal, the ream — 0 14 5 000

' — second fine Holland Royal, the ream on 0 0 0 0

ordinary Royal, the ream 0 7 9- 0 0 0

Parchment, the dozen containing twelve fiiceta — »° 490 0 0

Pasteboards or Millboards, vide Wood. Paving Stones, vide Stones.

Pearls, vide Diamonds. Pears, the bushel — — — 1 5 0 I S

Pears, dried, the buihel — — 009 0 0

Peas. vide Corn. Pebble Stones, vide Stones. Pelts, vide Skins. Pepper, vide Grocery. — — Guinea Pepper, vide Drugs.^Long Pepper, vide Drugs. 880

Perry, the tonne containing 252 gallons — NB. Subject also to the duty of ekeife. 7 7 0

Pewter, old, the hundred weight — — 0 1390 is 6

Pickled Cncumbers. vide Cucumbers. Pickles of all sorts, not otherwise deferiked and enumerated, the gallon — — 009 0 0 7

pi&nres of four feet square or upwards, the picture 3 11 6 0 0 0

1 imported by ihc.ealt India company, the piduire 37 0 j 0 0 9

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. m

SCHEDULE A. Doty. Drawback.

INWARDS. Pidaret, continued.

picture — — Pimento, vide Grocery. Pitch, not being the product of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, viz. — - imported in a british built ship, the lad containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31 \ gallons — imported in a foreign ship, the last containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 314 gallons — of the product of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, the last containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31* gallons Plank, vide Wood. Planks of Ireland, vide Wood. 278 211 4 1 310 1 s 8 000 000 000 000

0125 0112

0 13 1 0 11 2

Oil 0 099

Placer of Paris, the hundred ponnds — Platting or other manufacture of baste, draw, chip, cane, of hdrfe hair, to be used in or proper for making hats 0x1 0 0

or bonnets, the pound — — 0 1 10 o f 8

Plate of Silver ungilt, the ounce troy ' — 022 0 0 0

ounce troy — — tn h O O 0 00 09o

ounce troy — — 037 0 2 0 060 boo

ounce troy — — O 3 IO 000

Plate wrought of gold the ounce troy — I IO O 000

ounce troy — — Plate battered, fit only to be re manufactured. vide Bullion. 2 7 8 boo

Platters of Wood, the (hock containing sixty — — dried, vide Grocery. Poiooia Wool, vide Wool. o29 026

Pomegranates, the thousand*pomegranate Peels, vide Drags. Pomice Stones, vide Stones. Pork, from Ireland. NB. For the free importation of faked Pork from Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8. 0 8 10 0 7 10

Potatoes, the hundred weight — — 038 0 3

Pots, viz. Melting Pots for goldsmiths, the hundred Powder of Sago, vide Sago Powder. 007 006

Powder of Brass for japanning, the ounce — Powder, vide Gunpowder. 002 0 0 1*.

Powder, viz. Hair Powder, the hundred weight — Prerious Stones.: vide Diamonds. 5 S 8 000

Prints, vis. Paper Prints, the piece — OO6 000

ia

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13* [1787.

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback

inwards prunes, vide Grocery. Prunelloes. vide Drugs. Paddings vide Sausages. Quarters, vide Wood. Quern Stones, vide Stones. £*d. £ / A

Quills, viz. Goose Quills, the thousand — — 00c

Swan Quills, the thousand »-< j 0 1 8

Quinces, the hundred containing 5 score R. Rags old, old ropes, or junks, or old fi flung nets, fit only for the making paper or pasteboard NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which these articles may be imported, without paying any duty for the same, vide 11 Geo.i. cap. 7. Raisins. vide Grocery. 0 1 10 017

Rape of Grapes, the tonne containing 252 gallons — Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed. NB. Under the 15 Geo. 3. cap. 34. all Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, commonly used for the purpose of manure, may be imported iron? Ireland, duty free. Rape Seed, vide Seed. Rattans, vide Canes. Red Wood, vide Wood. Red Wool, vide Wool. Reeds, vide Canes.' 5 ll 4 8 11 1 1 1

Rennet, the gallon — — 0 0 aj Pol

Bice, the hundred weight — — — imported by the east-india company; the hundred 0 7 4 0 7 4

weight — Rice, of the growth and production of any of the British plantations in America, imported for the purpose of exportation into the ports of Plymouth, Exeter, Pool, Southampton, Chichester, Sandwich, and Glasgow, and the members thereunto belonging, and into the ports of Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, 0 8 10' 0 8 io 1 j

and Whitehaven, the hundred weight — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which fu$h Rice may be so imported, and the remaining duties thereon secured by bond of the importer, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 45; and la Geo. 3. cap. 6p. Rock Moss. vide Moss. Ropes new. vide Cordage. Ropes old. vide Rags. Rosa Solis, vide Spirits. Rosin, Of the product of any of the dominions or plantations belonging to the crown of Great Britain, the hun QO 0 0 000

dred weight - — 1 (jock^ic 016 0 1 4

SCHEDULE. A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS, Ed, condoned. — 00c of the product of any of the dominions or plan canons belonging to the crown of Great Britain, imported io a bntish built ship, the hundred weight — not of the prodo of any of the.dominions or plan tat ions belonging to the crown of Great Botain, & u d.' dm

023 0 a a'

imported in a foreign ship, the hundred weight 10d Wood, vide Wood, hies, ride Diamonds. 024 0 2 t

gs, via. Irish Rugs, the piece — - — m. vide Spirits, C vide Corn. 030 028

S lower, the pound — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, oader which Saflower may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15. Iron, vide Drugs. go Powder. NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Sago Powder may be imported from any of his majesty's colonies in North America without O 0 LI 000

payment of any duty whatever, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 50; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29. I Clock, vide Linen. If, viz. - to be used in curing of fish, imported in a british built ship, the wey containing 40 bushels, each bushel

84 pounds — —, to be used in curing of fish, imported in a foreign Ship, the wey containing 40 bushels, each bushel being 05u 053

84 pounds — — not for coring of fish, imported in a bmish buik ship, the wey containing 40 bushels, each bushel being 063 0 $ 4

84 pounds — — not for coring of fish, imported in a foreign ship, the wey containing 40 bushels, each bushel being 84 OU O O to

pounds — — - imported from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, to be used in curing fish, the wey con 0 II90 10 9

taining 40 bushels, each bushel being 84 pounds imported from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, not for curing fish, the wey containing 0 II*5

40 bushels, each bushel being 84 pounds NB. Fur the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which the importer or proprietor of any foreign Salt may secure the whole duties of customs by bond, and under which, on the exportation thereof, the bond having been first discharged in money, the exporter shall be allowed a drawback of all the duties ofeustoms, side 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26. hi. xxiii i 1 cjo OII5 > °gle 0 10 9

J xj Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

SCHEDULE A.;

INWARDS.

Salt, continued.

Salt is also subject to the duties on Salt under the management of the commissioners of that revenue sak Petre, the hundred weight — s —

- by the east-india company, the hundred

weight —-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions^ under which thd whole duties of customs may be drawn back on Salt Petre used and consumed in making oil of vitriol, vide 23 Geor3. cap. 77; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53.

Sark, island of vide Jersey, island of.

Saufogcs, or puddings, the pound-

Scaleboards. vide Boards, under Wood.

starjet Powder. vide Grain Powder.

Scoops of Wood, the dozen-

Sea Morse Teeth, or Sea Horse Teeth, the pound Seeds, viz.

- Agnus Callus Seed, vide Drugs.

- Ameos Seed, vide Drugs.

- Araomi Seed, vide Drugs.

- Canary Seed, the hundred weight —

- carraw^y Seed, vide Drngs.

- Carthamus Seed, vide Drugs.

- Clover Seed, the hundred weight —

- Cole Seed, the quarter containing 8 buftiels

- Coriander Seed, vide dugs

- Seed, vide Drugs.

—: — Fennel Seed, vide Drugs.

- Hemp Seed, the quarter containing 8 bulb else

- Lin seed.

NB. For the exemption From duty on Linseed,

3 Geo. 1. cap. 7.

- Lucerne Seed, the hundred weight —

- Maw Seed, the hundred weight —

- Millet Seed, the hundred weight —

- Mutlard Seed, the hundred weight —

- Onion Seed, the hundred weight —

- Piony Seed, vide Drugs.

- Poppy Seed, vide Drugs.

«'-1 — Rape Seed, the quarter containing 8 bushels

Seed and all other seeds commonly made use

of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom, being of the growth of Ireland and imported from thence, the Taft containing 10 quarters, each quarter containing 8 bushels —-

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which such Seed may be imported on payment < of the duty of one shilling the last, vide 15 Geo. 3. cap. 34.

- Semen Cucutneris, Cticurh# Citrol, of Melons vide Drugs.

n. C 13.. daty. [i78 Drawba

£ / d' £ -

L O.: 2 3 0 1

o79 0 7

\ OO L 0 0

O Oil 0 0

008 0 0

0 16 6 0 14 1

029 o 2

0 13 3 0 12

093 0 9

029 0 2

0 15 5 0 14

0 4 5 0 4

023 0 2

0178 0.$

0 13 3 1 0 12

0 1 0 0 0

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. C* £.

Seeds, continued. — Thlafpii Semen, vide Drags. — — Seeds for Gardens, vide Drags. Sharing for Hats, vide Platting. Sheep from Ireland. NB. For the exemption from duty on cattle from Ireland, vide C Geo. 3. cap. 10; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8. Sheeps Guts dried to make Whips, the gross containing 12 dozen — — — 006 664

Sheeps Wool, vide Wool. Shovels of Wood unihod, the dozen — 029 026

Shruffor old Brass, fit only to be re manufactured, the hundred weight — — — 0133 0 11

Shumac, the hundred weight — — 0 i s 0 0 0

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reltricticms, under which Shumac may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15. Sider. vide Cider. Silk, viz. — Organzine, and all thrown Silk in the Gum, the potind containing 16 ounces — — 074 I # 0 "0

Drawback, 16 ounces — — 000 0 6 it

taining 16 ounces — — 000 0 65

Raw Silk, the pound containing 16 ounces — 030 006

pound containing j6 ounces — 0 to 0 0 0

Drawback, 16 ounces — 0 0 0 0 2 10

taining 16 ounces — — 000 0 2 0

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and redriftions, under which Raw Silk of the growth and culture of any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in America may be imported directly from thence into the port of London without paying any duty, vide 23 Geo. 2. cap. 20. Silk Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the pound containing 16 ounces — — — 004 0 0

Thrown Silk dyed, the pound containing 16 ounces I 49O 0

Drawback, if exported to Ireland, the pound containing*16 ounces — — 0 0 0 I 2 3

- exported (except to Ireland) the pound containing 16 dunces — — 000 I I 9

Silk wrought, viz. Crapes or Tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy, imported from thence in british built ships, the pound containing 16 ounces -> 1 13 5 I 4 O

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. Silk wrought, viz. otherwise imported, the pound containing x6 £*A

ounces — — — Silver, vide Plate. Sillers Thread vide Thread. 1 is91 4 0

Skeets for Whitliers, the ikeet — — Skins and Furs, viz. f — Arm in or Ermm Skins undressed, the timber contain O O u 0 0

ing 40 skins — — — 0 II 0 0 10 0

Badger Skins undressed, the piece — 007 006

- Bear Skins White undressed, the piece — Oil 0 0 10 0

- Bear Skins of any other colour undressed, the piece 056 030

- Beavers Skins undressed, the piece — — Beavers Skins from any of his majesty's dominions in 0 0 8j 000

America, the ikin — — — 001 000

- Beaver Wombs, the piece. — — 0 0 5i 000

- Buck or Deer Skins undressed, the ikin — 009 0 0 71

- Buck or Deer Skins Indian half dressed, the pound 0 04^ 003 \

Calabar Skins tawed, the timber containing 40 skins — Calabar Skins untawed or undressed, the timber con 0 2 3 0 2 0

taining 40 skins — — — 0 I 10 Ol8

- 4 Calve Skins of Ireland undressed, the dozen — 01 10 O l8

- Calve Skins of any other country undressed, the dozen NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Calve Skins raw or undressed may be imported from Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plantations in America without payment of any duty whatever, vide 9 Geo. 3. cap. 39; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29. 029 0 2 6

- Calve Skins tanned, the pound — 0 0 4i OOOO

- Cat Skins undressed, the hundred skins — 0 11 0 0 10 0

Coney Skins, the dozen — — — Cordivants dressed, viz. — — imported by the East India company, the] 0 0 31 003

dozen - of Turkey, the dozen — - — Deer Skins, vide Buck Skins. 1 3 6 0 16 2 1 16 4 0 149076 1 5 9

- Dog Skins undressed, the piece — O O L 002

- Dog Fish Skins undressed, the dozen — 0 2 0 0 1 9

- Elk Skins undressed, the skin - vide Armin. 0 j 8 0 1 6

- Fiihfcr Skins undressed, the piece — 0 1 4i 013

- Fitches undressed, the timber containing 40 skins 0 3«0 3 4

Fox Skins black undressed, the skin — — 0 2 10 0

- Fox Skins of all other sorts undressed, the ikin 0 0 004

m — Goat Skins of Ireland undressed, the dozen — Goat Skins of any other country undressed, the 0 1 10 0 1 8

dozen — — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which raw or undressed Goats Skins 'may be u 056 0 0

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Skins and Furs, continued.

imported in bririih built ships, from any port or place whatever without paying doty, vide 15 Geo. 3. cap. 35; and 26 Geo. 2. cap. 53.

- Goat Skins tanned, the dozen —

- Hare Skins undressed, the 120-

- Huffc Skins nndressed, the (kin-

- imported by the east-india company, the

- Kid Skins in the Hair, the hundred containing 5 score-

- dressed, the 100 containing 5 score —

- Skins undressed in the Wool, the 120

- Lamb Skins dressed in Alum, the 100 containing

5 score ——

- Skins dressed in Oil, the 100 containing 5 score —

- Lamb Skins undressed in the Wool, the 120

- Leopard Skins undressed, the piece —

- Lion Skins undressed, the piece-

- Martins or Marions undressed, the timber containing

40 skins —-

- Martins or Martrons Tails, undressed, the 120

- Minks Skins tawed, the timber containing 40 /kins

- Minks Skins untawed pr undressed, the timber containing 40 ffeios —-

- Mole Skins undressed, the dozen —

- Moose Skins undressed, the piece —

- Mufqftalh Skins tindressed, the 100 skins —

- Otter Skins undressed, the piece —

- Ounce Skins undressed, the piece —

- Panther Skins undressed, the piece —

- Pelts of Goats dressed, the dozen —

- Pelts of Goats undressed, the dozeft —

- Pelts of all other sorts undressed, the ipo —

- Raccoon Skins undressed, the hundred skins

- Sables undressed, the timber containing 40 skini

- Sables Tails or Tips of Sable undressed, the piece

- Seal Skins undressed, the (kin-

- Seal Skins caught and taken wholly by his majesty's

subjects carrying on any fishery from any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in America, and usually redding in the said colonies or plantations, and imported in british built ships, the (kin —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrifhons,

'under which the skins of Seals caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the island of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by his majesty's subject carrying on the said fishery from his majesty's European dominions and usually redding in the said dominions, may be admitted to entry, duty free, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26. And for the conditions, regulations, and reftrlttions, under which Seal skins, taken and caught in the Greenland Seas, or davis's

13

Duty.

d.

O O O II O 2

*9 3 492 9

14 8

0 4

1 4! 6 11

9

15 o

II o

2 O

0 0 2

117

Drawback.

£. t. d.

OOOO

o o 10

O O lo O I

063

011 3

026

5 1° 1 8

0

1

0 A 3 0 0 2

0 2 6

2 IO O

0 10 o

1 o o

0 16 6 05 O

0 0 2 0 0 LI

0 290 2 6

0 >390 12 6

0 1 s 0 1 3

0 3 6 0 3 if

0 5 6 0 5 0

0 290 2 6

0 1 4t 0 1 3

0 8 3 0 7 6

0 >390 12 6

8 5 0 7 IO 0

0' 0 7 0 O 6

0 0 6 0 O 5

o 6 t

4s

*1?

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [i; /8

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Skins, continued.

Straights, or in the teas adjacent, by British subject usually reading in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, may be imported in bricifti built ships without payment of any duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41. And also for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which the skins of Beals, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's fub jcdts usually redding therein j espectively, may upon importation into Great Britain, be admitted to entry and landed without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

- Sheep skins undressed in the wool, the dozen r - Sheep skins dressed in oil, the dozen —

- Sheep skins otherwise dressed, the dozen —

T Squirrel lkins undressed. vide Calabar skins.

- Swan skins undressed, the piece —

T — — skins undressed, the piece —

- Weasel skins undressed, the x20 —

- Wolf skins tawed, the piece-

- Wolf skins untawed or undressed, the piece —

- Wolverings undressed, the (kin -

Slates in Frames, vide Stones

Slick Stones, vide Stones.

Slade, the pound-

Smalts, the pound —-

Snuff, imported by the east-india company, the pound

- from the british plantations in America or the Spanish

West Indies, the pound-

- from any other place, the pound —

Soap, viz.

- Hard soap, the hundred weight —

- Soft soap, the hundred weight-

Soapers Waste.

NB. Under the 18 Geo. 2. cap. 22. Soapers \vafle may be imported without paying any duty.

Spanish Wool vide Wool.

s^nrs. vide Wopd.

Speckled Wood, vide Wood.

Speictr, the hundred weight-

Spinal fine, to make gauze, the pound —

Spinncl Short. vide litcle.

Spirits, viz.

- Arrack, imported by the east-india company, the

gallon —-

- Brandy, of any country or place, the gallon

Citron Water, the gallon-

- Geneva, the gallon-

...Hungary Wayr, the gallon -

Duty. Drawbai

«392 9

£. M.

o 9* o 9

5»o 5 2 10

o tz O X

o o o 2

0 O 10 0 0

0 490 2

0 2 6 0 1 1

0 O 11 0 0 1c

0 290 2 i

0 O 11 0 0 1c

0 8 3 0 7 t

0 6 4 0 5 S

0 3 6 0 3

Q 0 6 0 0 i

0 0 4 0 0 3

O 3 3 0 0 G

O 1 6 0 0 0

O 2 2 0 0 0

2 4 0 0 0 0

1 7 5 0 0 0

6

6

8

8

1

4

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. SCHEDULE

"9

INWARDS.

Spirits, continued.

- Rosa Soli, the gallon — — r —

- viz.

- of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any

British colony or plantation in America, the gallon —-

- Foreign Rum, the gallon.

- Visney, the gallon-

- Usquebaugh, the gallon-

Cordial Water, Strong Water, or other spirit, not

other wile described and enumerated, the gallon NB. Spirits are also subject to the duty of excise. Spokes for Wheels, vide Wood.

Sponges. vide Drugs.

Starch, the hundred weight-

Staves, vide Wood.

Steel, viz.

- Gad Heel, the hundred weight —

- Long Reel, the hundred weight —

- Wisp Reel, the hundred weight-

- Steel Wire, vide Wire.

Stock Fish. vide Fish.

Stones, viz.

- Dog Rones, not exceeding four feet in diameter, about six inches in thickness and under twelve inches in thickness, the lar containing three pair — — Emery Rones, the hundred weight —

- Emery Rones of Turkey imported in a foreign ship,

the hundred weight-

- Grave Rones, of marble unpolished, the foot square

superficial measure —-

- Rones, of marble polished, the foot square superficial measure —-

- Grave Rones, not of marble polished or unpolished, the foot square superficial measure-

- basons, tables, mortars, and other polished

marble (except grave Rones, and paving Rones polished) the foot square superficial measure

blocks, the solid foot —

- Marble paving Rones rough, the foot square superficial measure ——

- paving Rones polished, the foot square superficial

measure ——

- Rones, above four feet in diameter, or if twelve inches in thickness or upwards, the piece Paving Rones, net of marble, the foot square, superficial measure ——

- Rones, the tonne-

r Precious Rones, vide Diamonds.

- Pomice Rones, the tonne-

- Quern Rones large, three feet in diameter, and not

above four feet ir diameter, and not exceeding

Duty. Drawback.

£' £ '

0 2 10 0 2 7

005 OOJ

007 0 0 6

0210 o27

0 2 10 o27

0 2 ip 0 2 7

558 0 0 Q

2 5 2 2 0 8

0128 O II II

0128 O 11 If

8 11 8 7* Z

0 1 10 0 1 7

0 111 017

Q O LI 001

Inc O O 0 0 2

0 0'oj 000}

OIO 0 0 10

0 2 0 0 1 10

O O ll 001

0 0 2- 0 0 2

240 I 19 O

0 0 oj 0 0 oj

o96 0 50

0 0 0 2 8

f 20

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3

SCHEDULE

A

INWARDS.

Stones, continued

six inches in thickness, the last containing three 'pair' —-

- Quern (tones small, under three feet in diameter,

and not exceeding six inches in thickness, the lait containing three pair-

- Slates in Frames, the dozen-

- Slick Hones, the hundred containing fire score

- of (late without frames, the piece r

- the hundred-

Straw Hats or Bonnets, vide Hats.

Stuffs of all forts"made of or mixed with wool, the yard Sturgeon. Vide Fish.

succades.wet or dry, the pound-

- imported by the east-india company, thp pound Succus Liquoritiae. vide Drugs.

Sugar, vide Grocery.

Sugar Candy, vide Grocery.

Sweet Wood, vide Wood.

Swingles, the gross containing is dozen —

T.

Tables of Marble, vide Stones.

Tables of Slate, vide Stones,

Tails of Cows, the hundred containing 5 score -» the hundred weight-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Tallow may be imported duty free, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 12; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53. Tar, not being the product of any of the dominions or plan titions of the crown of Great Britain, viz.

- imported in a british built ship, the last containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31* gal

- imported in a foreign ship, the last containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 317 gal —

- the product of any of the dominions or planta tiens of the crown of Great Britain, the last containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31* gallons —-

Tarm?, the bushel — — _ —

the thousand ——

viz.

- Bridges Thread, the dozen pounds —

- Crossbow Thread, the hundred pounds —

- Outnal Thread, the dozen pounds —

- Packthread, vide in P.

- Sillers Thread, the pound-

- whited brown Thread, the dozen pounds

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Thread and other manufactures made

Duty. Drawbac

ic*£. i

0 19 10 0 17 1

O9II 0 8 1

0 Oil 0 0 i

034 0 3 1

006 0. 0 i

038 0 3

056 0 4 1!

008 0 0 2

016 0 1 j

0 16 6 0 1$ 1

029 0 1

092 0 0 1

o 12 4*

o 13

9 8 14 s

17 8

2

*7

0 11

0 n

09

o 0 5

0 1

089 0150

01 6

0*

0.5 8

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. 13. SCHEDULE A,

121

INWARDS.

Thread, viz

vide 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 26.

Thrums of Linen or Fuftfan, the pound —

- of Woollen, the pound«-

Tiles, vide Earthen Ware.

Timber, vide Wood.

Tin, the hundred weight-

Tinglass, the hundred weight-

Tobacco, viz.

the ponnd —

Rates of America, the pound

fecnred by band, vide 19 Geo. 3. cap. 35; 25 Geo. 3. cap. 81; and 26 Geo. 3. c. 52.

Tongues, vide Neats Tongues.

Tortoise Shell, the poand-

Tow, the hundred weight -

Tow of Muscovjr or Russia, imported in a foreign ship hundred weight-

Trays of Wood, the ihock containing 60 —

Treacle Common, vide Drugs.

- of Venice, vide Drugs.

Trenchers of Wood, the gross containing 12 dozen Trunnels or Tree nails, the thousand-

the pound ——

Tubs of Wood, the dozen-

Turbots, vide fish.

Turpentine, vide Drugs.

Twine, the hundred weight-

twir for Bandstrings, the dozen knots —

V

Valonia. the hundred weight-

Cap. 15. Vellum, the skin

Duty. Drawback.

£. t, d. r*» £*d

0 p i 001

003 0 0 z

213 0 000

013 3 > 0119

036 1 t \ 0 3 3

013»r \ r 1 e 013

0 L 3 0 1 il

029 e 026

o, 2 II 026

0 4 5 0 311

0011 0 0 10

023 020

023 020

005 004

0 11 0 099

023 020

012 0 0 0

0 H 0 0 0

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Verdigrease. vide Drugs.

Vermacelli, the pound —

his majesty's colonies in North payment of any duty whatever, cap. 30; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29. users. vide Wood.

Vinegar, the tonne, containing 252 gallons Vinelloes, the pound-

Virginal Wire, vide Wire.

Visney. vide Spirits.

Usquebaugh. vide Spirits.

W.

Wafers, the pound-

Wainscot Boards, vide Wood.

Wainscot Logs, vide Wood.

Water, viz.

- Cordial Water, vide Spirits.

America with vide 7 Geo.

each bottle or flaik not exceeding three pints

Wax, viz.

- Bees Wax White, or manufactured, the hundred weighi

- Bees Wax unmanufactured, the hundred weight

- Hard Wax, the pound-

- Bay or Myrtle Wax? the pound —

Weld, the hundred weight-

Whale Fins, viz.

of foreign filling, the tonne containing 20 hundred

weight-

- of British fisiing, imported in shipping belonging to any of his majesty's colonies or plantations, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight

- * 1 of British filling, imported in shipping belonging

to Great Britain, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which whale fins, taken or caught in th Greenland Seas, or davis's Straights, or in the seas adjacent, by British subjects usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man, may be imported without paying any duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41. And for the conditions, regulations, and reilrictions, under which sins of Whales, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's subjects usually residing therein respectively, are upon importation into

"Great Britain to be Emitted to entry and landed

111. C 13. Duty.

[17* Drawbac

£'*d

0 0 2 0 0 1

32 18 IO 7»1

083 0 7 (

0 0 6 0 0 j

O I IO 0 1 I

3*4 3 1

1 11 7 1 10 7

013 0 1 i

004 0 0 j

0 0 10 0 0 8

97 18 0 88 18 C

2150 1 10 0

1 7 6 0 15 0

SCHEDULE. A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS, without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap 50. heat, vide Corn, heat Floor, vide Corn, ieifiooes. vide Stones.

hipcord, the pound — — — bifk Brooms, vide Brooms, bite Lead. vide Drugs. ief — — Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, viz. imported into any port of Great Britain in a british built ship, the tonne containing' 25 2 002 O 0 m

gallons — — in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 33 12 0 0 0 0

252 gallons — — — exported to any British colony or plantation in 37 16 0 oooo

America, the tonne containing 252 gallons — — exported to any other place, the tonne contain 000 33* 0

ing 252 gallons — — Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wines not otherwise enumerated, viz. — imported into the port of London, in a British 000 28 17 6

built ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons — in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 19 12 0 oooo

252 gallons — — — having been imported into the port of London, and exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the tonne containing 252 22 8 0 oooo

gallons — — Ooo 19 12 0

containing 252 gallons — - imported into any port of Great Britain, except the port of London, in a british built 0 0 0 1690

ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 252 16 16 0 oooo

gallons — — — having been imported into any port of Great Britain, except the port of London, and exported to any British colony or plantation 19 12 0 oooo

in America, the tonne containing 252 gallons — exported to any other place, the tonne 000 <6 16 0

containing ^52 gallons — ine entered for Prisage, viz. — Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, viz. - — imported into any port of England, in a British 000 '3 13 0

built ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons in a foreign ship, the tonne containing H 69oooo

252 gallons — — — exported to any British colony or plantation in ON mm N oooo

America, the tonne containing 252 gallons exported to any other place, the tonne containing 252 gallons — r cjock^i OOOO 24 6 9

rr 0 0 20 13 0

INWARDS.

Wine entered for Prisage, continued.

- 'Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wines

not otherwise enumerated, viz.

imported into the port of London in a British

built ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons - in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons, —

- having been imported into the port of London, and exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the tonne containing 252 gallons*-

- exported to any other place, the tonne containing 252 gallons —

«'- Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wines

not otherwise enumerated, viz.

- imported into any port of England, except the port of London, in a britisi built ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons —

Y - — in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons-

- <- having been imported into any port of England, except the port of London, and exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the tonne containing 252 gallons

- exported to any other place, the tonne

containing 2 52 gallons —

NB. Wine is also subject to the duty of excise.

Wine Lees, subject to the same duty as Wine; but no draw back is to be allowed for any Lees of Wine exported Wire, viz.

' Brass or Copper Wire not otherwise enumerated, the hundred weight-

- Iron Wire, the hundred weight —

- Latten Wire, the hundred weight —

- Steel Wire, the pound — # —

- Virginal Wire of Brass, the hundred weight

- of Iron, the hundred weight

Woad, viz.

- Green Woad, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight

- Thouloufe Woad, the hundred weight —

Wood, viz.

- Anchor Stocks.

- imported in a british built ship, the piece

- in a foreign ship, the piece

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Baulks, five inches square and under eight inches square,

or if 24 feet in length or upwards,

- imported in a british built ship, the iao

- in a foreign ship, the 120

Under five inches square, and under 24 feet in length,

- imported in a British built ship the 120 —

H

i6

12

14

7 >» 4 6

o o o o

II 2

7 II

o 0 o 0

12 3 17913

o 10 6 11 8 o

13 o

3 8

2 3 2 4

13 o

14 5

1 t 3

£ St

000

000

14 7 n 11 18 1

000

000

12 n 2

10 0 5

290 2 14 0 298 0 096 is 11 6 14 0

56

10

0 2'0*'

1 10

t 10

i 0 3

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. ood, continued. £ / d C d

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Barrel Staves, vide Staves. — Battens, 8 feet in length and not exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, and not exceeding 2j inches in thickness. I 19I 0 3

- imported in a british built ship, the 120 1 6 6 1 5 3

- exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, or if exceeding inches in thickness*3*5 3

- imported in a british built ship, the 120 2130 2 10 6

- in aforeign ship, the 120 Vide the nous inserted at the end of Wood. — Batten Ends, under 8 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, and not exceeding inches in thickness — — in a british built ship, the a 14 5 2 10 6

120 — inches in width, and exceeding z inches in thickness — — in a british built ship. 0 8 10 091 085 085

the 120 — Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Beech Boards, vide Boards. — Beech Plank, 2 inches in thickness or upwards, — imported in a british built ship, the 0 17 8 0182 0 16 10 0 16 10

load containing 50 cubic feet 0 13 3 O 12 3

containing 50 cubic feet Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Beech Quarters, 5 inches square and under 8 inches square, or if 24. feet in length or upwards, — imported in a british built ship. 0 1390 12 3

the 120* — feet m length, — imported in a british built ship, 2130 2 14 5 2 lo 6 2 10 6

the 120 — Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. 1 1 3 1 19O O

SCHEDULE. A,

u

INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

- Boards, viz.

Beech Boards, under 2 inches in thickness, and

under 15 feet in length,

- imported in a british built ship, the 120, — — in a foreign ship, the 120 -

under 2 inches in thickness, and

if 15 feet in length or upwards,

- imported in a british built

ship, the 120»in a foreign ship

the 120

Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square —

- in a British built

ship, the 120 — — in a foreign ship

the 120

- Linn Boards or White Boards for Shoemakers,

under feet in length, and under 6 inches in thickness-

- a british bui

ship, the to

- in a foreign ship

the 120

- for Shoemakers, feet length, or 6 inches in thickness —

- in a british built

Blip, the 120'in a foreigrt ship

the 120

- Millboards, vide Pasteboards.

- Oak Boards, under 2 inches in thickness, and

under 15 feet in length,

- imported in a bntish built

ship, the 120 in a foreign ship,

the 120

under 2 inches in thickness, and

Duty. Drawbad

FT

d.

1 6 5

1 7 6

2 12 10 2 13 11

o o

4 J*4 5

10

JO

1 19

2 1

39 4

4 Oil

if 15 feet in length or upwards,

- imported in a british built

ship, the 120»in a foreign ship,

the 120 —

Pailing Boards hewed on One side, and not CX ceeding 7 feet in length,

- imported in a british built

ship, the 120

- ina foreign ship,

the 120 — i

V

2 12 10 2 8 10

2 15 0*8 K

00 to 4 '7

S 7 417

050 0 4

0 s 1 0 4 Ifl

0 19 6

0 19 6

1 16 8 1 16 8

3 '? < 33 4

INWARDS.

ood, continued.

- Boards, viz.

- Pailing Boards hewed on one side, and exceeding 7 feet in length,

- imported in a british bfcilt

ship, the 120 in a foreign ship,

the 120 —

- Pasteboards or Millboards,

- imported in a british built ship, the hundred weight —

m a foreign Ship, the hundred weight

- Pipe Boards, above 5 feet 3 inches in length,

and not exceeding 8 feetin length, and under 8 inches square —

- in a british built

ship, the 120

- in a foreign Ship,

the 120 —

exceeding 8 feet in length, and

under 8 inches square —

- in a british built

ship, the 120

- 1 — — in a foreign ship,

the 120 —

- Scaleboards,

- imported in a british built: feip, the hundred weight

- ina foreign Ship the hundred weight

- Wainscot Boards, the inch or foot, containing

12 feet in length, and inch in thickness, and (o in proportion for any greater or lesser length or thickness —

- in a british built

ship-

- a foreign ship —

- Boards, vide Linn Boards for Shoemakers.

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — - Boom Spars, vide Spars.

- Boxwood.

in a british built ship, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight —

1 in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood Brazil or Fernambuck Wood for dyers use, the hundred weight

O IO O

o 10 I

o 10 o

O 10 2

I 10 O

1 IO 3

o o

Oil o

o 11

9i

2 >3 25

5 10

127

Drawback.

£ d

09 8

098

098

098

196 196

2 19 o 2 19 o

o 10 II

o 10 11

008

008

290

290

000

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. Wood, continued N. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Brazil or Fernambuck Wood for dyer use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15. Vide also the itooes inserted at the end of Wood. — Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood for dyers use, the hun C*r £. t.

dred weight < — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood for dyers use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 19. Vide also the notes inserted at the end t>f Wood. — - Cant Spars, vide Spars. — Capravens. vide Spars. Clapholt. vide clapboards — — — above 7 inches in width, exceeding ao feet in length, and not exceeding'4 inched in thickness, o37 000 I i

imported in a british buift ship, the rao 5 l9 0 5 11 6

- in a foreign ship, the izo — - above 7 inches in width, exceeding 20 feetirr length, and exceeding inches in thickness, 632 S XI 6

- imported in a british built ship, the 1-20 # - — — in a foreign ship, the 120 — - - above 7 inches in width, being 8 feet in length and not above 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 3^ inches in thickness — — in tf^british built ship, the 1*0 11x8 0 12 2 2 — 1 0 0

2j3 0 2 10 6

- in a foreign ship, the 120 above 7 inches in width, being 8foet in length and not above 20 feet in length, and exceeding 3^ inches in thickness, 2 14 s 2 10 6

- imported in a British built ship, the 120 560 S 1 0

- *in a foreign ship, the 120 Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.«Deal £mls, above 7 inches in width, being under 8 feet in length, and not exceeding 3^ inches in thickness. S 7 5 5 X

- imported in a british bubt ship, the 120 0 17 8 0 16 10

length, and exceeding 3^ inches in thickness. 0182 0 16 10

imported in a british built ship, the 120 1 15 4 1 13

- in a foreign ship, the 120 Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood, — Ebony, imported in a british built ship, the hundred 1 16 3 1 13

weight — — 0 13 3 OU

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Firkin Staves, vide Staves. / h 0 1390 12 3

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 129

SCHEDULE A. j Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. ood, continued. Firewood, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high. £> u d. £ i. d

imported in a british buik ship — 028 02 6

- in a foreign ship — Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Sir Quarters, 5 inches square, and under 8 inches squar£, or if 24 feet in length or upwards. 029 / 02 6

- imported in a british built ship, the 120 213 0 2106

- in a foreign ship, the 120 feet in length. 2 H 5 2 10 6

- imported in a british built ship, the 120 — — in a foreign ship, the 120 Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. < — Sir Timber, 8 inches square or upwards, imported in a british built ship, the load i r 3 1 X91 0 3 1 o 3

containing $0 cubic feet — — *in a foreign ship, the load con 068 064

taining 50 cubic feet — Vide th notes inserted at the end of Wood. 0610 064

- Fostick for dyfers use, the hundred weight NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, ofcder which' Fuflick for dyers use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo f. cap. 15.., Vide also the notes inserted at the end of Wood. Handfjrtkes, under 7 feet in length. 0010 000

- imported in a british built ship, the xzc 068 062

0 611 062

- imported in abrrtish built ship, the 120 0 13 4 0x2 4

in a foreign ship, the 120 Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Heacting; Staves, vide Staves. — *Kilderkin Staves, vide Staves — Knees of Oak, under 5 inches square. 0 13 7 0 12 4

- imported in a british bailt ship, the 12c 0 3 4 O 3 (

square. 036 OI

- imported in a british built ship, the 120 113 0 i 10 6

- imported in a british built ship, the load 1 14 5 1 10 6

: containing 50, cubic feet — 0 911 092

contlaining 50 cftbic feet — Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Lath wood, in pieces tinder 5 feet in length, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high. ->*- 0 0 092

- imported in a british built ship' — 0 13 3 0 12 3

Vo*.. XXXV L K. LG 0 139012 3

i

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

- Lathwood, in pieces 5 feet in length or upwards, the

fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high,

- imported in a british built ship-

a foreign ship-

the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Lignum Vitse, the hundred weight —

Vide the notes inferred at the end of Wood.

- Logwood for dyers use, the tonne containing ao hundred

weight-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Logwood for dyers use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. I. cap. 15.

Vide also the notes inferred at the end of Wood.

- Mahogany, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight. Vide the notes inserted at the ehd of Wood.

- Mails under 6 inches in diameter, vide Spars.

- Mails, 6 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches,

- imported in a British built ship, the mall

- in a foreign ship, the mail

- 8 inches in diameter, and under 12 inches,

- imported in a british built ship, the mail

in a foreign ship, the mail

- 12 inches in diameter or upwards,

- imported in a british built Blip, the mad

- in a foreign ship, the mail

Nicaragua Wood for dyers use, the hundred weight

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reilri&ions, under which Nicaragua Wood for dyers use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15.

Vide also the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Oak Boards, vide Boards.

- Oak Flank, 2 inches in thickness or upwards,

- imported in a british built 'Blip, the load containing $0 cubic feet —

- in a foreign ship, the load

containing 50 cubic feet —

Vide the note. inserted at the end of Wood.

- Oak Timber, 8 inches fauare or upwards,

- imported in a British built ship, the

load containing 50 cubic feet —

- ina foreign ship, the load

containing 50 cubic feet —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Oars, imported in a british built ship, the 120 —

- »in a foreign flap, the 120 —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Olive Wood, imported in a british built Blip, the t

containing 20 hundred weight —

in a foreign ship, the tonne containing

20 hundred weight

i

II C 13. Duty. (1787. Drawback.

£'d. £. i.

0 19 10 0 18 4

i 0 4 0 18 4

023 020

n 0 0 000

240 200

0 1 0 1 0

012 010

° 3 1 0 3 1

036 0 3 1

068 06a

0 6 11 062

0 1 4 000

0 19 10 0 18 4

1 0 8 0 18 4

0911 092

0 19 4 092

1 19 8 1 16 8

2*3 1 16 8

360 3 1 0

V OO O 3 I

SCHEDULE. A.

INWARDS.

tod, continued.

Vide the notes inserted at the end, of Wood.

- Paling Boards, vide Boards.

Pipeor Hogshead Staves, vide Staves.

Pianb, of Ireland, the 100 feet —

Bed or Guinea Wood for dyers trfe, the tonne containing

30 hundred weight NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Red or Guinea Wood for dyers use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15.

Vide also the notes inserted at the end of Wood. Roundwood, under 8 inches square, and under 6 feet in length,

- imported in a british built ship, the 120

- ina foreign ship, the 10 —

under 8 inches square, and if 6 feet in

length or upwards,

- imported in a british built ship, the 120

in a foreign ship, the 120 —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Scaleboards. vide Boards.

- Span, under 22 feet in length, and under inches in

diameter e*elusive of the bark,

- imported in a british built ship, the 120

- ina foreign ship, the 120 —

- 22 feet in length, or upwards, and under inches in diameter exclusive of the bark,

- imported in a british built ship, the 120 -» — in a foreign ship, the 120 —

- 4 inches in diameter, and under 6 inches exclusive of the bark, (

- imported in a British built ship, the 120

- in a foreign ship, the 120 —

- 6 inches in diameter or upwards, vide Masts.

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Speckled Wood, the hundred weight —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

Spoket for Wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length,

- imported in a british built ship, the 1000

in a foreign ship, the 1000

- exceeding 2 feet in length,

- impprted in a british built ship, the 1000

- in a foreign ship, the 1000 Vyle the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

Staves, not exceeding 36 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

- imported in a british built ship, the 120

in a foreign ship, the 120 —

*3*

Doty, Draw back.

id

029

360

- above 36 inches in length and not exceeding 50 inches in lengthy not above 3 inches in thick

*3

*3

6

7

11

11

C

026

boo

0 4 5

19 10 o 8

*9

1

0123.

0 12 3

1 4 i

i 4 6

o 6 X 06s

o 10 X o 10 I

I 2 5

I 2 S

O 4 I

o 18 4

0 18 4

1 16 8 t 16 8

o j 10 o 3 10

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

[1787. SCHEDULE.

A.

INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

- Staves, viz.

ness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

-; imported in a british built ship, the 120

- »in a foreign ship, the 120 —

- above 50 inches in length, and not exceeding

60 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

- imported in a british built ship, the 120

- ina foreign ship, the 120 —

- above 60 inches in length, and not exceeding

72 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

- *imported in a british built ship, the 120

1 — 1 in a foreign'ship, the 120 —

- above 72 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

- imported in a british buik ship the 120

- in a foreign ship, the 126 —

- above 3 inches in thickness, or above 7 inches

in breadth, and not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, shall be deemed Clapboards, and pay duty accordingly. t above 3 inches in thickness, or above 7 inches in breadth, and exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, shall be deemed Pipeboards, and pay duty accordingly.

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

Sweet Wood, the hundred weight —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Timber of Ireland, the tonne or load —

- Timber of all fprts not otherwise particularly enumerated

and described, being 8 inches square or # tipwards,

- imported in a british built ship, the load <cont£ining 50 cubic feet —

- in a foreign ship, the load containing 50 cubic feet —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

Trays of Wood,1

- Trenchers of Wood. (, r, T

Tree nails, or Trunnels; 1 1 k

- Tubs of Wood. - J

- Users, under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in

length,

- imported in a british built ship, the 120

- in a foreign ship, the 120 —

- r; 5 inches square and under 8 inches square, or«if 24 feevin length or upwards,

- imported in a british built ship, the 120 in a foreign ship, the 120

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood,

Duty. Drawback.

£*jc* d

076 0 7 3

0 7 7 0 7 3

0 10 0 09S

0 10 1 098

015 0 0 14 6

0 15 1 0 14 6

0176 0 16 8

0 17 7 0 16 8

5 6 3 o

6 8 6 10

3

9

o

0 4 >0 028

064

064

1 b j 103

3 10 6

2 iq 6

*7 j Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

SCREDULE A. Duty.

INWARDS.

ood, continued.

- Wainscot Boards, vide Boards.

- Wainscot Logs, being 8 inches square or upwards,

- imported in a british built ship, the load

containing 50 cubic feet —

- in a fo/eign ship, the load containing 50 cubic feet —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Wood for dyers use not otherwise enumerated, the hundred weight —-

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Wood Scoops, vide Scoops of Wood.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which any sort of unmanufactured Wood, being the growth and product of America (except mads, yards, and bowsprits) may be imported direcuy

from thence in british built vessels without paying any eu&ora or other duty whatever, vide 11 Geo. 3. cap. 4t; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 60.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reltri&ions, under which any sort of Wood, plank, or timber whatfberer wrought or unwrought (except mads, wards, or bowsprits) or any of the goods called lumber (enumerated in the act of the 8 Geo. 1. cap. il.) may be imported directly from any of his majesty's British plantations or colonies in America, in british built ships free from all customs and impositions, vide & Geo. i. cap. 12; 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 6o.

00], six.

w — Beaver Wool, duty free.

- cut and combed, (except combed in Russia

and imported from thence in british built ships), the pound-

- Carmenia Wool, vide Hair of Goats.

- Coney Wool, the pound-

- Cotton Wool of the British plantations, duty free.

- Cotton Wool not of the British plantations, the pound

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Cotton Wool may be imported in bri till built ships without payment of any duty whatever, vide 6 Geo. 3. cap. 52.

- erridge Wool, imported m a british built ship, duty

free.

- imported in a foreign ship, the hundred

weight-

- hare's Wool, the pound-

- Irish Wool, combed or uncombed, duty free.

- lamb's Wool, duty free.

- Polonia Wool, duty free,

- Red Wool, duty free.

- sleeps Wool, duty free, V — Spaiulh Wool, duty free.

& 3

0911 o 10 4

018

o 16 6 o o ij

Q O I

*33

Drawback.

092

092

009

000

OOP

o 0 oj

070

000

INWARDS.

Woollen Clothes, vide Clothes of Woollen.

- Stuffs, vide Stuffs.

Worm Seed, vide Drugs.

Y.

Yarn, viz.

- " Cable Yarn, the hundred weight-

- Camel or Mohair Yarn, the pound —

1 Cotton Yarn, the pound-

- ., imported by the East India company, the

the pound-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Cotton Yarn of the manufacture of Ireland may be imported directly from thence without payment of any duty whatever, vide 18 Geo. 3. cap. 56.

- Grogram Yarn, the pound-

- Irish Yarn, the pack containing four hundred weight at six score pounds to the hundred weight — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which Yarn of the manufacture of Ireland may be imported directly from thence without payment of any duty whatever, vide 7 and 8 Will. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 2$.

- Raw Linen Yarn, the pound-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Raw or Brown Linen Yarn made of flax may be imported in british built ships without payment of any duty whatever, vide 29 Geo. 2. cap. 15 and 19 Geo. 3. cap. 27.

- Wick Yarn, the hundred weight-

- Woollen or Bay Yarn, the hundred weight —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions

under which Woollen or Bay Yarn may be imported from Ireland without payment of duty, vide 12 Geo. 2. cap. 21; and 26 Geo. 2. cap. 11.

- Worsted Yarn, being of two or more threads, twilled gft thrown, the pound —

o o

12

o o

A

3. [1787.

Drawback.

' £. s. i.

6 o o o 7006 3i o 0 3

3i 0 o 3

8007 e o 19 6

o 0 0

8180 8 o 13 o

10 o o 9

SCHEDULE A.

Duty.

£. /. d.

OUTWARDS.

Agarick, trimmed or pared, foreign, the pound —

- rough or uiitrimmed, foreign, the pound

Alum British, the hundred weight-

Annocto, foreign, the pound-

Aotimooium Crudum, foreign, the hundred weight Aqua Fords, foreign, the gallon-

Argol, foreign, the hundred weight —

Arinick, foreign, the pound-

Bayberries, foreign, the hundred weight —

Brazil or fernambuco Wood, foreign, the hundred weight Bmilletto or Jamaica Wood, foreign the hundred weight Cambricks, foreign, and French Lawns, having been secured in warehouses under the reguladons directed by the 32 Geo. 2. cap. j2; and 7 Geo. 3. cap. 43, on exportation to his majesty's colonies in America, the piece containing 13 else —

Cards, viz.

- New Wool Cards, British, the dozen

- Old Wool Cards, British, the dozen Cloth, viz.

- White Woollen Cloth commonly called Broad Cloth, the

Coals, usually sold by measure, viz.

- exported to Ireland or the 11le of Man, the chalder containing

36 bulheis Winchester measure —-

- to any British colony or plantation in America, the chalder containing 36 bushels Winchester measure-

- to any other place, viz.

- in british built Ships, the chalder Newcastle measure

- foreign Ships, the chalder Newcastle measure —

- in certain quantities from the ports of Newcastle and Swansea, to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, provided the conditions, regulations, restrictions, and limitations, directed by the 6 Geo. 3. cap. 40, are duly complied with the chalder Newcastle measure —

- sold by weight, viz.

- exported to Ireland or the Isle of Man, the tonne containing 20

hundred weight -

- exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the

tonne containing 20 hundred weight

- exported to any other place, viz.

- in british built Ships, the tonne containing 20 hundred

weight —-

- *in foreign Ships, the tonne containing 2p hundred

weight —-

Cochineal, foreign the pound —-

Cream of Tartar, foreign, the hundred weight-

034

OO7

OO4

o56

O I 2 0 2 3 OI) 5

IO

O II o

009

016

052

092 0 0 2 01a

OUTWARDS. '

Culm exported to Lisbon, provided the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, directed by the 31 Geo. 2. cap 157 and the 13 Geo. 3. cap. 70, are duly complied with,

- in a british built ship, the chalder Newcastle measure

- in a foreign ftnp, the chalder Newcastle measure

Fustick, foreign, the hundred weight —-

Galls, foreign, the hundred weight-

Glue, British, the hundred weight —-

Gum Arabic, foreign, the hundred weight-

Gum Senega, foreign, the hundred weight-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which a certain quantity of Gum Senega, or Gum Arabic, may be exported to Ireland duty free, vide 6 Geo. 3. cap. 46.

Hair, viz.

- hart's Hair, the hundred weight-

- Horsehair, the hundred weight*-

- Cow or Ox Hair, the hundred weight-

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each —-

Indico of all sorts, foreign, the pound-

Jftnglass, foreign, the hundred weight-

Lawns, vide Cambricks.

Lead, cad or uncast, the fodder or tonne containing 20 hundred weight Leather of all sorts tanned, tawed, or dressed, the hundred weight Litharge of Lead, the hundred weight-

Litmus, foreign, the hundred weight-

Logwood, foreign, the hundred weight-

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Logwood may be exported in british built ships duty free, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap 47.

Madder, foreign, the hundred weight-

Madder Roots, foreign, the pouna-

Nicaragua Wood, foreign, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight Orchal, foreign, the hundred weight-

Orchelia, foreign, the hundred weight-

Pomegranate Peels, foreign, the hundred weight —

Red or Guinea Wood, foreign, the hundred weight —

Safldwer, foreign, the pound —-

Sal Armoniac, foreign, the pound —-

Sapanwood, foreign, the hundred weight-

Saunders Red, foreign, the hundred weight-

Sal Gem, foreign, the pound —-

Shiimac, foreign, the hundred weight —

Skins, viz.

- Badger Skins, the piece —-

- ? Beaver Skins, the skin or piece of (kia "-

- Beaver Wool or Wombs, the pound-

- T Calve Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, the hundred weight

- Cat Skins, the 100 —-

Coney Skins, dressed or tawed, the 120-

black, with silver hairs or without dressed or tawed the tag — — 0 j

o 1 i 0 1 g

0 O L

0, I

0 0 11*

13 4

o 5

i

O I 0 6 o 1

0 5 0 0

o 0 ir

2 5 2 0 1 i

003 0 0 1 0 1 2

0 10

0 Oy

4 5

1 2

0 7 0 5 0 10 0 1 0 oj 0 4 o 9, 0 o 0 5

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.' SCHEDULE A. >37 Duty.

OUTWARDS.

Skins, continued. — Dog Skins, the dozen — — — Elk Skins caw, the piece — — — *- — Fitches, the timber containing 40 skins — — — Fox Skins, the piece - Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 — — Kid Skins dressed, the 100 - Otter Skins raw, the piece - tawed, the piece — — — Sheep and Lamb Skins d refled, without wool, the 1 ao# — Sheep Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, the hundred weight^ — Squirrel Skins, the 1000 - Swan Skins, the piece - Wolf Skins tawed, the piece — — Sticklack, foreign, the pound — — — Tin anwfodght, the hundred weight — — — Tnroesole, foreign, the pound — — — Viionia, foreign, the tonne containing ao hundred weight — Verdigrease, foreign, the pound — — — Wool, viz. Beaver Wool, the pound> 00 t 0 1 s 0 1 10 001 007 009 0 0 oj 0 0 t 029 0 12 o29 0 0 2 OO4 0 0 oj 0 3 4 0 0. o 0 3 11 001 0, 1 8

COASTWISE.

Coal (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought coadwife from port to port ia Great Britain, except into the port of London); viz.

- in case they zrt such as are most usually

sold by weight, the tonne containing ?o hundred weight —-

- in case they are such as are most usually

sold by the chalder or by any other measure reducible thereto, the chalder containing 36 bushels Winchester measure-

For the dimensions and contents of the Coal bushel, vide 1 2 Ann. Hat. 2. cap. 17.

Guilty, btpmght coadwife from port to port in Great Britain, (except into the port of London), the chalder containing 36 bushels Winshefter measure — — made of Pit coal, brought coadwife from port to port in Great Britain, for every chalder containing, 36 bushels Winchester measure —

Culm, and Cyhders, carried from the bridge of Sterling which is on the Firth of Forth to the Town of Dunbar, or to Redhead, or to any part betwixt them, or from Ellen Foot to Bank End in the county of Cumberland, or from any creek or place to any other creek or place between Ellen Foot and Bank End aforesaid, are not by reason of such carriage liable to any duty of customs.

Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, brought coastwise into the port of London, viz.

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by weight, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight

- in case they are such as are most usually loid by the chalder or by any other measure whatever reducible thereto, the chalder containing 36 bushels Winchester measure —-

brought coadwife into the port of London, the chalder containing 36 bushels Winchester measure Coals, brought coadwife into the port of London for the only use and service of the royal hospital at Chelsea, not exceeding 100 chalder by the year, the chalder containing 36 bushels Winchester measure-

- all Coals that shall be used for melting copper and tin ores within the counties of Cornwall and Devon, or in fire engines for the draining water out of the mines of tin and copper within the county of Cornwall, there shall be repaid a drawback of all the duties paid thereon.

For the conditions, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which such drawback shall be repaid, vide9 Ann. cap. 6; and 14 Geo. 2. cap. 41.

For all coals that shall be used in calcining or smelled

I

o38

o56

0 12 o 5 6

0 3 I

0 5

0 1 a

0 0 a

070

o 8 10

° 4 5

056

0 4

0 $

o 1 5

0 0 0

SCHEDULE A.

COASTWISE.

Coals, continued.

ing copper and lead ores within the isle of angle fey, or in fire engines for draining water out of the mines of copper and lead within the said isle, there shall be repaid a drawback of all the duties paid thereon, provided the amount of such drawbacks shall not exceed the sum of £. i, 500 in any one year. For the conditions, regulations, refiridions, and limitations, under which such drawbacks shall be allowed, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 104.

Calm, to be used for the burning of lime, viz. t — Sent coastwise in any ships, vessels, or boats, not exceeding 30 tonnes burden, from any place within the limit of the port of Milford in the county of Pembroke to any other place within the counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, the chalder containing 36 bufl&els Winchester measure ——

For the conditions, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which Culm may be sent as before mentioned, vide 33 Geo. 2. cap. 9.

Wine, in bottles exceeding three dozen, or in a calk or calks exceeding ten gallons in quantity, sent coastwise or bf land carriage into the port of London or the members thereof, or to any place whatever within the difiance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, to be paid to the proper officers of the customs neared to the place from whence such Wine is intended to be removed; viz.

r*of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, the tonne containing 232 gallons of any other sort, except Rhenish, German, and Hun gary Wines, the tonne containing 252 gallons NB. For the condidons, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which such Wine may be so removed, vide the act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Duty.

o 1

4 4 0 2 16 o

*39

Drawback;

/. dm

OOOO

OOOO

0 o o

4 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

[17ft7.

TABLE B.

A Table of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into this Kingdom, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies and not being particularly charged with Duty when so imported.

TABLE. B.

L

Duty. Drawback.

Arangoes, For every £, 100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public Tales of the united company of merchants of England trad tto the East Indies —

China Ware, For every ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall nave been sold at the public Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies — Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price pt which such goods shall have been sold at the public salt of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies. Cowries, For every £, 100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies-

Drugs, manufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies Drugs, unmanufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every ^.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public falcs of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies Japanned or Lacquered Wares, for every j£.ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies

d.

C < '

47 »© o

3*3 4

29 16 0

45 5 0

50 o o

48 10 ©

3* »3 4

29 16

40 o o

38 6 3

3100

29 2

49 19 o

47 0 0

TABLE B.

Mullins Plain, Nanquki Cloth, Mullins or White Calicoes flowered or ditched, for every jf.ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the pabiick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies — — — 18 o o

Tea, For every £.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which it shall have been sold at the public laics of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies — — 500

exported to Ireland or any of the British colonies or plantations in America, for every >£.100 of the true and real value thereof as abovementioned 000 NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reltri&ions, under which the drawback may be allowed on tea exported to Ireland or to any of the British colonies or plantations in America, vide 25 Geo. 3. cap. 74.

NB. Tea is also subject to the duty of excise.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandise prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported for exportation only, for every i 00 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies —

On exportation to Africa (except to the islands of Madeira, the Canary islands, the Azores or Western isles) the following drawbacks are to be allowed, viz.

- Alleijars, the piece-

- Bejotapants, the piece-

- By rampants, the piece-

- Bine Long Clothes, the piece-

- Brawles the piece-

- Callaway pores, the piece-

- Cufhtaes, the piece-

- Coo pees, the piece-

- Chintz, the piece-

- Chclloes, the piece-

- Cotton Romals, the piece-

- Guinea Stulls, the piece-

- Nicamees, small, the piece-

- Nicamees, large, the piece-

- Negampants, the piece-

- Photaes the piece —-

- Saftra cundies, the piece-

- Tapfeils, the piece — # —

manufactured Goods, Wares, and Merchandise not otherwise

particularly enumerated or described for

Duty.

Drawback

10 o 0

000

500

6150

000

o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o 0

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

X

o

2

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Q

0

1

0

1

H

B.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

[17? TABLE B. Doty. Drawbi

Goods, Wares, See. continued, viz.

- , - 9-- --

every f.\oo of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public fates of the lerchants of England trad

unmanufactured Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every too of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been told at the public Tales of the aerchants of England trad

37 >6 3 36 1

18 5 o j6 s 1

Hi

TABLE C

A Table of the Duties of Customs to be paid on the Importation into Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks thereof to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King.

TABLE C

' Duty. (Drawback,

INWARDS. Wine of the prodace of the European dominions of the French king, viz. — imported into the port of London in a British £'C

ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons9 8 0 000

252 gallons — — and exported to any British colony or plantation in America or to any British settlement in the East In 33 1* 0 000

dies, the tonne containing 252 gallons* — — exported to any other place, the tonne 000 29 8 0

containing 252 gallons — cept the port of London) in a british boilt ship, the 0 0 0 24 13 6

tonne containing 252 gallons — — - in a foreign Ship, the tonne contain5 4° OOOO

taining 252 gallons — 4 — Britain, (except the port of London) and exported to any British colony or plantation in America or to any British settlement in the East Indies, the tonne 29 8 0 OOOO

containing 252 gallons — — — exported to any other place, the tonne 0 0 0 25 4 O

containing 252 gallons — NB. Sabjeft also to the duty of excise — — the produce of the European dominions of the French king entered for pnsage, viz. 000 209ft

built ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons — — — in a foreign ship, the tonne contain 21 11 10 OOOO

ing 252 gallons — - — having been imported into the port of London, and exported to any British colony or plantation in America or to any British settlement in the East Ini 24 69000

dies, the tonne containing 252 gallons -» cjock jr*+ 1 ° O O 21 II 10

TABLE C

I N W A R D S.

French Wine entered for prisage, continued, viz.

- exported to any other place, the tonne

containing 252 gallons —

imported into any port of England, except the

port of London, in a british built mip, the tonne containing 2j1 gallons-

in a foreign ship, the tonne containing

252 gallons —

except the port of London, and exported to any british colony or plantation in America or to any bri tiih settlement in the East Indies, the tonne containing 252 gallons —-

- exported to any other place, the tonne

containing 252 gallons —

NB. Subject also to the duty of excise.

252 gallons Oil, viz.

ship, the gallon -

- imported in a foreign ship, the gallon

Ions

ing 252 gallons -

dominions of the French king, the gallon NB. Subject also to the duty of excile.

law, for every £*100 of the value thereof NB. Subject also to the duty of Excise.

king, imported diredfly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owi and navigated according to law, for cvtty jt, ioc the value thereof -

es tomposed of Iron or Steel, separately Or mixed, worked or mounted with other substances, such arti cles not exceeding in their value fifty billings by hundred weight, being of thevmanufacturee of European dominions of the French king, and im

ships of the built of either country owned and navi

II C 13. Doty. II Drawba

£ /* C

0007 '7

18 16 10 0 0

21 11 10 0 0

000 18 16 1

000 ij 0

32 18 10 7+'

0 I \ 0 1

0 12 ' 0 1

7o9 6 4

798 1 6 4

ON O O 0 0

O O O N 0 0 '

1000 r 5 1 0 0

TABLE C Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. Articles composed of Iron or Steel, continued. gated according to law, for every £. 100 of the value 0 /. d. a C i.

thereof — — — Articles composed of Iron or Steel, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other fobitances, and exceeding in their value fifty Shillings by the hundred weight, and all buckles, buttons, knives or feistars, and all other articles of hardware or cutlery, and all artides composed of copper or brass, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other substances, all such articles being of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £. too of the value 0 0 Iro O 0

thereof — — — manufactures of Cottons, and also Woollens, whether knit or wove, including hosiery, being of the produce or manufactureof the European dominions of the French king, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every ^.100 of IO O O 0 0 Q

the value thereof — — NB. Cottons, if stained cr printed, are subject also to duties of excise. Cambricks of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, viz. The demi piece, not exceeding 7 j yards in length, and not exceeding J of a yard in breadth, or exceeding \ of a yard in breadth, but not being above the value of fifty Shillings, and foin proportion for the like sorts imported in any pieces il O O*0 0

of any greater length — — tation in America, and foin proportion for the like sorts exported in any pieces of any greater O A O OOOO

length — — — the value of fifty Shillings the demi piece of 7! yards in length, for every of.ico of the value OOOO O 2 10

thereof - exported to any British colony or planta 10 0 0 0 O Q

tien in America — — Lawns of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country - owned and navigated according to law, viz. The demi piece, not exceeding 7 J yards in length, and not exceeding t \ yard in breadth, or exceeding yard in breadth, but not being vol. XXXVI*L* OOOO 1 £ 13. X

*4$

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i j TABLE C

07

INWARDS.

Lawns, continued.

above the value of fifty Shillings, and foin pro i portion for the lik

any greater length

exported to any British colony or plantation

in America, and foin proportion for the i like sorts exported in pieces of any greater length —-

- Exceeding yard in breadth, and being above

the value of fifty Shillings the demi piece of 7j yards in length, for every £.100 of the value thereof-

- exported to any British colony or plantation in America-

Linen of the manufacture of the European dominions of the C French king, viz,

- Damask Tabling, not exceeding ell \ in breadth,

the yard —-

- exceeding ell and under 2

else in breadth, the yard

- of the breadth of 2 else or upwards,

and under 3 else, the yard r»of the breadth of 3 elis or upwards,

the yard-

- Damask Towelling and Napkining, the yard

- Diaper Tabling, not exceeding ell £ in breadth,

the yard —-

1 1' — exceeding ell and under 2 else

in breadth, the yard —

*" of the breadth of 2 else or upwards,

and under 3 else, the yard

- of the breadth of 3 else or upwards,

the yard —

- Diaper Towelling and Napkining, the yard

ffc. f — Sail Cloth, not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 else —-

- Sail Cloth, exceeding 36 indies in breadth, the

else-

- Sails ready made, for every j£.ioo of the thereof —-

feribed, viz.

- not exceeding ell g in breadth, the ell —

- exceeding ell and under 2 else in breadth,

- of the breadth of 2 ell. or upwards, and under 3

else, the ell — — N —

- of the breadth of 3 elk or upwards, the ell LB. Linen printed, or fiair.ed, is also subjed to d

of ex.ife.

Duty.*I Drawbar

£. s. O -

O v/l 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 2 1

0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 53

0 5 4 0 4 1

0 6 2 0 5

0 0 0 6

0 10 4. 091

0 III 0 1

025 0 2

O 2 IO 0 2

0 3 2 0 2 i

o48 0 4

OOIO 0 0

2 3 I -0 0

3 16 1 0 0

O O 0 0

0 I 4 0 1

0 1 7 0 1

019 0 1

027 - _, 0 2

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

TABLE C

of

INWARDS, of the manufacture of the European dominions he French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, m ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every ioo of the value thereof-

3 of all sorts of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in hips of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £. 100 of the value thereof — aery made up of Muslin, Lawn, Cambrick, or Gauze of any kina, of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £. too of the value thereof —

If any other article which may be legally imported into this kingdom shall be used in such Millenery, Inch articles mall pay duty as if separately imported, axn. Earthen Ware, and Pottery, of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £.100 of the value thereof —-

Glass, and Glass Ware, of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £.100 of the value thereof V.B. Subject also to the duty of excise.

Duty.

£' d

1500

10 o o

*47

Drawback.

£*do

o 0

o o o

1200

000

1200

1200

o o q

000

I

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C3. [1787.

TABLE DA

Table of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into this Kingdom, and of the Drawbacks thereof to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise whatever subject to Duty, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in the preceding Schedule or Tables.

TABLE. D.

Duty. Drawback

INWARDS. Chtton, viz. enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the

Value thereof — — — Earthen Ware not otherwise particularly enumerated or de 0 0 41 10 0

(bribed, for every ^.100 of the value thereof Glass, viz. - Plate Glass and all other glass manufactures not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, 4116 0 36 II 0

for every /'.too of the value thereof — Hides and Skins and pieces of hides and skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £, L the 60 0 0 43 0 0

value thereof — — Leather, viz. of Leather is the moll valuable part, for every 0 0 N N 25 0 0

£.100 of the value thereof — Linen, viz, painted, stained, or dyed after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manufacture, and not being otherwise particularly enumerated sj N 0 0 0 0 N

or described, for every £. 100 of the value thereof — Linen of the manufacture of Irelantj chequered, or (triped, painted, (lained, or dyed after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manu failure, if imported under the conditions, regulations, and restrictions directed by the 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 26$ for every ^.100 of the value thereof — — Linen chequered or (triped, or printed, painted, liained, or dyed after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manufacture, not prohibited to be imported, worn, or used in Great Britain and not otherwise particularly enumerated 00 VORO 30 16 8

49 10 0 49 10 0

or described, for every ^.100 of the value thereof 00 0 + N 774 2

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

TABLE D. Duty.

INWARDS.

tper, Tii.

- Panted Paper or Paper Hangings for Rooms, for every £.100 of the value thereof —

- Paper not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value thereof tfs, for every £. 100 of the value thereof —

lips with their tackle, apparel, and furniture (except sails) for every £. too of the value thereof —

'oys, for every £. 100 of the value thereof —

Pood unmanufactured not otherwise enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain from any part of Europe, for every £.100 of the value thereof —-

Joodr, Wares, and Merchandise prohibited to be used in this kingdom, but allowed to be brought in and secured in warehouses for exportation, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the value thereof-

Soods, Wares, and Merchandise not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, not prohibited to be tried in Great Britain, but allowed by law to be imported and secured in warehouses for exportation, for every £.100 of the value thereof 111 other Goods, Wares, and Merchandise whatever, not being particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with duty, not prohibited to be imported or used in Great Britain and not being exempt from duty, for every £.100 of the value thereof ——

C

y.

75 o o

55 o o 45 o o

5 10 o

33 0 o

33 0 0

7 10 o

2 10 o

27 10 o

149

|drawback. £> s

000

000

000

000

29 >3 4-

30 10 o o o O 000

o 3

1*3

|i56 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1787.

TABLE E.

A Table of the Duties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, not being particularly enumerated or dplcribed, of otherwise purged with Duty on the Exportation.

TABLE E.

Duty.

OUTWARDS.

C

Copperas British, for evpry £. iqo of the v^lue thereof —

Hair not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to he exported, for every £. too of the value thereof 7 —

Lapis Caliminaris, for every /* 100 of the value thereof — Lead Ore, for every £. too of the value thereof-

Skins not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to exported, for every £. iqo of the value thereof-

Cotton Wool of the growth or produce of the British plantations in America, for every 100 of the valt^e thereof —

NR. For the conditions, regulations, nd reflri&ions, under which Cotton Wool the growth or produce of the British colonies of plantations in America may be exported in british built ships without payment of duty, vide 19 Geo. 3. cap.

All other goods, wares, and merchandise, of the.growth, produ^ioo r or manufacture of Great Britain the exportation of which is

C hot prohibited by law, may be exported without payment of

duty, provided the same are regularly entered and shipped; but on failure thereof such goods, wares, and merchandise, shall be subject and liable to duty, viz. for every £. 100 of the value thereof ——

5 10 0

5 10 0 5 10 0 S 19 9

5 10 0 S 10 0

5 10 0

L

Goc e

SCHEDULE F.

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks, of Excise.

SCHEDULE F.

EXCISE DUTIES.,

AUCTION.

FR every twenty Shillings of the purchase money arising or payable by virtue of any sale at auction in Great Britain of gny interest in possession or reversion, in any freehold, copyhold, or leasehold lands tenements, houses, or hereditaments, and of any annuities or sums of money charged thereon; and of any utensils in husbandry and farming stock, ships and vessels; and of any reversionary interdl in the publick funds; and of any plate or jewels; and foin proportion for any greater or lester sum of such purchase money; to be paid by the aodiooeer, agent, factor, or seller by commission, threepence halfpenny.

For every twenty Shillings of the purchase money arising or payable by virtue of any sale at auction in Great Britain of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, horses, and carriages, and all other goods and chattels whatsoever, and foin proportion for any greater or lester sum of such purchase money; to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, factor, or fcljer by commission, seven pence.-

BEER.

For every barrel of beer or aje above six Shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duty hereby imposed on such beer or ale, and not being twopenny ale mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of union, not being beer or ale commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made in that part of Great Britain Called England by the common brewer, under, subject, apd according to the roles, regulations, restrictions, and provisions contained and provided in and by an act of parliament, made in the twenty.second year of the reign of his present Majesty, concerning beer or ale commonly called Table Beer), which shall be brewed in Great Britain by the common brewer or any other person or persons who shall sell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately; to be paid by such common brewer or other person, persons respectively, and foin proportion for any greater or lester quantity, eight shilling?.

For every barrel of beer or ale of six shillings the barrel or under (ex dufive of the duty hereby imposed thereon) which shall be brewed in Great Britain by the common brewer or any other person or persons whp shall sell or tap out such beer or ale publickly or privately;

\0 be paid by such common brewer or by such ocher perum or per

d.

0 o 3s

007

o So

Beer, continued.

fons respectively, and To in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one shilling and fourpence —-

every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duty hereby imposed thereon) and not exceeding eleven billings, exclusive of such duty, commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made in that part of Great Britain called England by the common brewer, under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, r^ftrittions, and provisions contained and provided in and by the said aft, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by such common brewer, three billings. For every barrel of twopenny ale mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of union; to be paid by the common brewer or victualler, three Shillings and fourpence farthing and thirteen nineteenth parts of a farthing.

For every barrel of French beer, ale, or mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European dominions of the French king, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, eight Shillings ——

every barrel of beer, ale, or mum, (other than French beer, ale, or mum imported as aforesaid) which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to bt paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, seventeen Shillings and threepence-

AND TILES.

For every thousand of bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, two Shillings and sixpence.

For every thousand of plain tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, three hil

For every thousand of pan tiles, or ridge tiles, which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, eight Shillings ——

every hundred of paving tiles which shall be made in Great Britain not exceeding ten inches square, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one shilling and sixpence —-

every hundred of paving tiles which shall be made in Great Britain exceeding ten inches square, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, three Shillings ——

every thousand of tiles which shall be made in Great Britain other than such as are herein before enumerated or described, by whatsoever name or names such tiles are or may be called or known, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, three Shillings.

The said duties upon bricks and tiles respectively to be paid by the maker thereof.

CANDLES.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles of tallow and other candles whatsoever, (except wax and spermaceti candles) which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin pronortion for any greater Or

.^entity, one penny h'i'i'en^ tlzedbygottgle -

[1787. r. L

o 1 {

030 ° 3 ir

o 8 0

o 17 3

o a 6 030 080 016 030

030

Q 0 ij

Candles, continued.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles which shall be made in Great Britain of wax or of lpermaceti, or which are usuall)r called or sold either for wax or spermaceti candles (notwithstanding the snixtnre of any other ingredients therewith), and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, threepence halfpenny. —

The laid duties upon candles to be paid by the maker thereof.

COACHES.

For every coach, beriin. landau, chariot, calaih with four wheels, chaifo marine, chaise with four wheels, or caravan, or by whatsoever name such carriages are or may be calied, which shall be built or construfied in Great Britain for sale; to be paid by the maker thereof, one pound.

For every calaih, chaise, and chair, with two wheels, or by whatsoever name such carriages are or may be called or known, which shall be built or construfied in Great Britain for sale; to be paid by the maker thereof, ten shillings.

COCONUTS AND COFFEE.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coconuts, of the growth or produce of any British colony or plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, sixpence halfpenny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coconuts, of the growth or produce of any other place, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one shilling and eight pence.

for every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee, of the growth or produce of any British colony or plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officer for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, sixpence halfpenny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee, of the growth or produce of any other place, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered put of the warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one shilling and eight pence.

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every hogshead of cyder or perry which shall be made and sold by retail in Great Britain; to be paid by the retailer thereof, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, fourteen shillings and ievcn pence ——

003*

1 o d

o 10 o

o 6i

018

o o 61-

018

o 14 7

SCHEDULE. F.

Cyder and Perry, continued.

For every hogshead of cyder or perry which shall be made and sold in Great Britain in quantities of twenty gallons or upwards, by any dealer in or retailer of cyder or perry from fruit of the growth of such dealer or retailer; to be paid by such dealer or retai!er? and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, six Shillings and eleven pence.

For every hogshead of such last mentioned cyder or perry, which shall be received into the custody or possession of any person or persons to be by such person or nersons sold or disposed of 5 to be paid by such person or persons, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, seven Shillings and eight pence.-

fr every hogshead of cyder or perry which shall be made ibi Great Britain, and which shall be sent or confietied to any factor or agent who shall receive the same to sell or dispose of; to be paid by such factor or agent, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, nineteen shillings and two pence —-

every tonne of cyder or perry which shall be imported from beyond the fcas into Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, seventeen pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence.

o

o

o

*7

/. 4

61

7 i

tg X

16 (

GLASS.

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of plate or flint glass, or enamel, (lained or paste glass, or phial glass, and foin proportion for any greater or lester quantity, one pound one shilling and five pence halfpenny.

For every hundred weight of miaterials or metal or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of fpcead window elass, commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glass, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, eight Shillings and one halfpenny.

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever the same are or may oe called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of all other window glass (net being spread glass) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glass, or of German Sheet Glass, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, sixteen Shillings and one penny farthing.

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be j made use of in Great Britain in the making of common bottles (the same not being phials) and of vessels made use of in chemical laboratories, and of garden glades, and of all other vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, four Shillings and one farthing.

The said several rates and duties upon the materials or metal or other preparations for making glass to be paid by the maker or xnakeis therepf respectively

080

o 16 1

O 4 Q

HIDES AND SKINS.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hides of what kind soever, and of calve skins, kips, hogs skins, dogs skins, and seal skins, which shall bt tamed in Great Britain, and of sheep skins and lamb skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain for gloves and bazils, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one penny halfpenny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of goats skins which shall be tanned with (bomack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to referable Spanish r father, and (o in proportion for any greater or letter quantity, fourpence.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of sheep skins which shall be*tan ned for roans (being after the nature of Spanish leather) in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or letter quantity, twopence —-

For every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all other skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, not herein before particularly charged, and foin proportion for greater or letter numbers or quantities, thirty pounds The said several rates and duties for and upon all such hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be so tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by the tanners thereof respectively.

For ill hides of horses, mares, and geldings, which shall be dressed in alum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such hide, and foin proportion for a greater or letter quantity or num her of such hides, one shilling and sixpence-

and upon all hides of deers, cows, or any other hides of what kind ioever (those of horses, mares, and geldings excepted) which shall be so dressed in alum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such hide, and foin proportion for any greater or letter apmber or quantity, three Shillings —-

every pound weight avoirdupois of all calve skins, kips, and seal skins, which shall bp so dretted in alum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or; fetter quantity, one penny halfpenny.-

For every dozen of dink calve skins which shall be so dretted in alum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain with the hair on, and spin proportion for any greater or lesser number or quantity three Shillings ——

For every dozen of flink calve skins which shall be so dressed or tawed without hair, and every dozen of dogs skins which shall be tawed as aforesaid in Great Britain, and for every dozen of kid skins which shall be tawed in Great Britain (except such kid skins a paid the full doty on the importation thereof), and foin proportion for any greater or fetter number or quantity, one shilling. —

' for every pound weight avoirdupois of buck and doe skins (except such as paid the full duty on the importation thereof) which shall be dretted in alum and salt or meal, or be otherwise tawed as aforesaid in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or letter quantity, sixpence.-

For every dozen of goat skins, and of beaver skins, Which shall be so*' dressed in alum and salt or meal, or be otherwise tawed II Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or letter number or quar. tity, two Shillings — — by

OO4

OOG

30 O O

O O I

o i 6

030

00 1

O L

0 0 6

Hides and Skins, continued.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of ftieep skins and lamb skinsj which shall be dressed in alum and fak or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one penny farthing. —

For every one hundred pounds of the true send real value of all other Heins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be tawedl in Great Britain, (not herein before particularly charged), and foin proportion for greater or lesser numbers cor quantities, thirty pounds.

The said several rates and duties for and upon all hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be dressed in alium and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, to be paid by such persons who shall be the tawers oj makers thereof into leather respectively.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all hides and skins, and of al deer skins, goat skins, and beaver skins, which shall be dressed in oil! in Great Britain, and foin, proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, sixpence ——

every pound weight avoirdupois of calve skins which shall be f dressed in oil in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any great; or lester quantity, eight pence.-

For every pound weight avoirdupois of sheep skins which shall be fol dressed in oil in Great Britain, and for every pound weight avoirdupois of lamb skins which shall be so drested in oil in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lester quantity of such sheep skins and lamb skins respectively, threepence* —

every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all other skins, and parts or pieces of skins, which shall be so dressed in oil in Great Britain, not hefein before particularly charged, and foin proportion for greater or lesser numbers or quantities, fifteen! pounds.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of such lad mentioned hides and! skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be fodreffedj in oil in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity, twopence —-

said feveml duties for and upon all hides and skins, and parts' and pieces of hides and skins, which shall he so dressed in oil in Great Britain, 10 be paid by the oil leather dressers thereof re speflively.

For every down of vellum which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lester quantity, to be paid by the maker thereof, three Shillings and five pence halfpenny. — j o For every dozen of parchment which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by! the maker thereof, one (lulling and eight pence three farthings.

50

s

O O

*5

HOPS.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hops growing or to grow ini Great Britain, which shall be cured and made fit for use, and so ini proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the respectL tive owners or possessors thereof, one penny and twelve twentieth! parts of a farthing.

-1

o o r f

MALT.

For every buihel of malt which shall be made of barley or any other corn or grain within that part of Great Britain called England, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, nine pence three farthings.-

For every buihel of malt which shall be made of barley or any other corn or grain within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and io in proportion for any greater or leflfer quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, fourpence three farthings and ten twentieth parts of a farthing.

For every buihel of malt which shall be brought from Scotland into that part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with a cer dficate from the proper officer that it hath paid the duty of fourpence three farthings and ten twentieth parts of a farthing hereby imposed for every buihel thereof, and entered with the proper officer and in such manner as in and by an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second is mentioned, directed and appointed with respect to malt brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, between the twenty-third day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty and the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty. one; to be paid down in ready money to such officers respectively, in manner as the duties are directed to be paid by the said jafl mentioned act of parliament, fourpence three farthings and ten twentieth parts of a farthing.

For and upon every buihel of malt which shall be brought from Scotland into that pan of Great Britain called England without such certificate as aforesaid; to be paid in manner as the duties by the said last mentioned act are payable with respect to malt brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, nine pence three farthings.

ME TH EG LI N, OR MEAD.

For every gallon of metheglin or mead which shall be made in Great Britain for sale, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, qne Bulling and one halfpenny.

paper.

FIRST TABLE.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called imperial, of the value of two pounds eleven Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-two inches by thirty inches and a quarter, thirteen Shillings and nine pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called super royal, of the value of one pound eighteen Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty seven inches and an half, ten Shillings and fourpence farthing.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal, of the value of one pound nine Shillings per ream and upwards

*57

.*dj

o

'0 LI

' ° 4HS 0 o 9| O I Os

o 13 si o 10

Paper, First Table, continued.

and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, seven Shillings and nine pence farthing.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called medium, of the value of one pound two Shillings and sixpence per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches and an half, six Shillings and fourpence ——

every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy, of the value of sixteen Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and an half by twenty. inches, four Shillings and threepence three farthings —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called thick poll, of the value of thirteen Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and a quarter by nineteen inches and an half, three Shillings and five pence halfpenny. For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called thin poll, of the value of ten Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and a quarter by nineteen inches and an half, two Shillings and eight pence farthing.

For every ream of paper which mall be made in Great Britain, called final] poll, of the value of seven Shillings and sixpence per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and an half, two Shillings and one farthing. For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called fools cap. of the value of ten Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, two Shillings and threepence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper which shall be inde in Great Britain, called

pott, of the value of six Shillings and nine pence per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of twelve inches and an half by fifteen inches and an half, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny. For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called large thick pod, of the value of fifteen Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches and an half by twenty-one inches, three Shillings and ten pence. —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called large thin post, of the value of twelve Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches and an half by twenty-one inches, three Shillings and three farthings.

° 7

SECOND TABLE.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double atlas, of the value of fifteen pounds and not exceeding the value of twenty-one pounds per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifty five inches by thirty-one inches and an half, two pounds six Shillings -

every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy, of the value of twelve Shillings and under the value of sixteen Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and an half by twenty inches, two Shillings and eight pence

farthing.

0 6

o 4

o 3

0 a

o 1

o 1

0 3 id

o 3

260

Paper, Second Table, continued.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called copy, of the value of seven Shillings and sixpence and not exceeding the value of eleven billings per ream, and not exceeding the dimen ons of sixteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, one hilling and sixpence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called bols cap. of the value of six billings and under the value of ten /hil liags per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, one hilling and threepence -

every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called littris fools cap. of the value of six Shillings and not exceeding the value of ten Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and an half by seventeen inches and an half, one shilling and threepence.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called pott, of the value of four shilling and under the value of six Shillings and nine pence per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twelve inches and an half by fifteen inches and an half, eleven pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called grand eagle or double elephant, of the value of four pounds and not exceeding the value of five pounds and five Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty six inches and three quarters by forty inches, seventeen Shillings and threepence-

every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called coiombier, of the value of two pounds and ten Shillings and not exceeding the value of three pounds and ten Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfious of twenty-three inches and an half by thirty-four inches and an half, twelve Shillings and one penny.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called atlas, of the value of three pounds and not exceeding the value of fotr pounds and five Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty six inches and a quarter by thirty-four inches, seventeen Shillings and threepence —-

every ream of atlas inferior paper which shall be made in Great Britain, of the value of two pounds and under the value of three pounds per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty six inches and a quarter by thirty-four inches, ten Shillings and fourpence farthing.

Fqr every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called small atlas, of the value of one poand and ten Shillings and not exceeding the value of two pounds and ten Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-five inches by thirty-one inches, eight billings and seven pence halfpenny.-

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called imperial, of thr value of one pound and ten billings and under the value of two pounds and eleven billings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-two inches by thirty inches and a quarter,

feren billings and five pence three farthings.

or every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called super royal, of the value of one pound and five billings and under

o 1 6*

O I J

o i 3

o o III

o 17 3

o 12 1

O 17 3

o 10 4$

o 8 7}

0 7 si

Paper, Second Table, continued,

the value of one pound and eighteen Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty seven inches and an half, five Shillings and nine pence-

every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called long royal, of the value of one pound and not exceeding the value of one pound and ten Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty*seven inches and an half by eighteen inches, four Shillings and seven pence farthing.-

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal, of the value of eighteen Shillings and under the value of one pound and nine Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, four Shillings and one farthing.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy, of the value of thirteen Shillings and not exceeding the value of one pound and one shilling per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, two Shillings and eight pence farthing.-

For every ream o? paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Short demy or crowns of the value of nine shillings and not exceeding the value of fourteen Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of fourteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, or of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling and eleven pence.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called large ran; of the value of fourteen Shillings and not exceeding the value of one pound and one shilling per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches and an half by twenty inches and an half, three Shillings and five pence halfpenny. —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called small fan, of the value of eleven Shillings and not exceeding the value of eighteen Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-two inches and a quarter by thirteen inches and a quarter, two Shillings and seven pence.-

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called elephant, of the value of fifteen Shillings and not exceeding the value of one pound and seven Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches by twenty eight inches, three Shillings and five pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain for bank or bankers bills or notes, allowing two bills or notes in each sheet, and foin proportion for a greater or less number of bills or notes in each sheet, three Shillings and five pence halfpenny. —

THIRD TABLE.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double demy, of the value of one pound and eighteen Shillings and not exceeding the value of three pounds per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty six inches by thirty-eight inches and an half, eight Shillings and fourpence —-

every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal, of the value of one pound and four Shillings and under the

o 5 g

o4 7i o 4 oj o s O I II

O 3 55 0*7

3 is 0 3 S

8 f

\£.

p*per, Third Table, continued, value of one pound and sixteen shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, or of twenty inches by twenty six inches, five shillings and fourpence halfpenny.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal inferior, of the value of fourteen shillings and tinder the value of one pound and four shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, 'three shillings and three farthings.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called medium, of the value of one pound and not exceeding the value of one pound and eight shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen inches by twenty-three inches, four shillings and twopence halfpenny.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy single, of the value of seventeen shillings and under the value of one pound and six shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the di mentions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, or of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-one inches and a quarter, three shillings and ten pence.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy inferior, of the value of ten shillings and under the value of seventeen shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, two shillings and threepence halfpenny.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double crown, of the value of seventeen shillings and not exceeding the value of one pound three Shillings and sixpence per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by thirty inches, three shillings and five pence halfpenny.-

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double crown inferior, of the value of twelve shillings and under the value of seventeen Shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by thirty inches, two shillings and eight pence farthing.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called single crown, of the value of thirteen shillings and not exceeding the value of one pound per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, three shillings and three farthings. For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called single crown inferior, of the value of eight shillings and under the value of thirteen shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dinren fions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling and eleven pence.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy tissue, of the value of eight shillings and not exceeding the value of twelve shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimen fious of seventeen inches and an half by twemy twd inches, one shilling and eleven pence.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called crown tissue, of the value of five shillings and not exceeding the Vol. XXXVI M '

161

r. dk

s 4i 3s of 4 4

3 id

2 3i i si

i H

3

1 It

t II

Paper, Third Table, continued.

value of nine Shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling and threepence. For every bundle of paper which shall be made ip Great Britain, called double pott, of the value of nine Shillings and not exceeding the value of sixteen Shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches by twenty-five inches and an half, two Shillings and threepence halfpenny.-

FOURTH TABLE.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches by twenty six inches, two Shillings and eight pence farthing. —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called square cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches and an half by twenty-five inches and an half, three Shillings and three farthings.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called small cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, two Shillings and threepence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called elephant common, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches by twenty-eight inches, one shilling and eleven pence.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called sugar blue, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty one inches and an half by thirty-three inches, three Shillings and three farthings. For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called sugar blue smaller size, not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen inches and three quarters by twenty seven inches, two Shillings and threepence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called sugar blue demy size, not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, one shilling and elevenpence.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called sugar blue crown size, not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling and elcvcn pence. —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called purple royal, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called blue elephant, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches by twenty-eight inches, two Shillings an threepence halfpenny.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called blue royal, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, three Shillings and three farthings.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called blue demy and blossom, not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches by'twenty* two inches, 'two Shillings and one farthing.

[1787. /. i

013 6 2

O«Ij

O 3 i

o 2 ll O 1 II

o 3 oj

O 2 3i

O I II O I II

o i 61

o 2 3i 0 3

o 2 oj

Paper, Fodrth Tabic, continued.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called blue crown single, not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling and one penny three farthings. —

FIFTH TABLE.

For every seam of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal hand thick, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, orfe shilling and fourpence -

every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal hand, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny.

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called lumber hand, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches by eighteen inches, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double two pound, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches by sixteen inches, one shilling and one penny three farthings.

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called single two pound, not exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches by eleven inches, five pence three farthings. —

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britaio, called middle hand double, not exceeding the dimensions of thirty-three inches by twenty-one inches, two killings and threepence halfpenny.

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called middle hand, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-two inches by sixteen inches, one shilling and one penny three farthings.

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called final hand double, not exceeding the dimensions of thirty-two inches by twenty inches, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny.

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called small hand, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and three quarters by sixteen inches, nine pence farthing.

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called couples pound and half pound, not exceeding the dimensions of twelve inches by ten inches, and of nine inches by teven inches and an half, five pence three farthings. —

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in'Great Britain, called imperial cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-nine inches by twenty-two inches, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny.

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called haven cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches by twenty inches, one shilling and one penny three farthings.

forevety ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called bag cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches and an half by nineteen inches, eleven pence halfpenny. —

*63

a

1

1 4

1 6j«6i

0 si

*. n

11

1

o 9l

0 si

1 CI

o u4

i 1 »;

t

Paper, Fifth Table, continued.

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Kentish cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches by eighteen inches, nine pence farthing. —

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called four pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by sixteen inches, nine pence farthing.-

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called small cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by fifteen inches, five pence three farthings.-

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double four pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of thirty-three inches by twenty inches, one shilling and sixpence half

For every bundle of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called single two pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches by eleven inches, nine pence farthing.-

For every bundle of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called couples pound and half pound, not exceeding the dimensions of twelve inches by ten inches and of nine inches by seven inches and an half, five pence three farthings.-

For every hundred weight of pasteboardt millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, six Shillings and ten pence three farthings.-

And after those rates for any greater or less quantity of such papers, pasteboardi, millboards, scaleboards, and glazed paper, respectively.

The said several rates and duties upon the said several sorts of paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper, to be paid by the makers thereof respectively.

For every fori or kind of paper not herein before enumerated and de feribed which shall be made in Great Britain, a duty after the rate of twenty pounds and fourteen Shillings for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the same including the duties nereby charged thereon.

The said duties for such forts or kinds of paper respectively to be paid by the makers thereof respectively.

PRINTED GOODS.

For every yard square of paper which shall he printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for hangings or other uses (over and above the duties payable for such paper before the printing, painting, or staining thereof) and foin proportion for any greater quantity; to be paid by the printer, painter, or flainer thereof, one penny three farthings.

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of foreign callicoe, and of foreign rnufiin, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One colour only) and foin proportion for any greater or letter quantity seven pence.

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of all linens and of all stuffs made either of cotton or linen mixed with other materials, futtians, velvets velverets, dimities, and other figured stuffs made

i

o o

o 0

o 0

i

i

o 0

4

o 0

i

20 i4

o 0 L

007

Printed Goods, continued, of cotton and other materials mixed or wholly made of cotton wool, wore in Great Britain, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only, and duffs made of woollen or whereof the greatest part in ralue shall be woollen) and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, threepence halfpenny.-

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British ms nofadory, and of British muffins, which shall be printed, stained

# or dyed, in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed

# throughout of one colour only) and foin proportion for any greater

or lesser quantity, threepence halfpenny.-

For every yard in length, reckoning half yard wide, of all silks which shall be printed, stained, or painted in Great Britain ((ilk handkerchiefs excepted) over and above the duties payable upon the importation of them or any of them, and foin proportion for any greater or kfler quantity, one shilling and one penny three farthings.

For every yard square of (ilk handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, and foin proportion for wider or narrower (ilk handkerchiefs, over and above the duties payable upon the importation of them or any of them, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, fourpence halfpenny.

The said duties on printed, stained, painted, or dyed goods, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, to be paid by the printer, stainer, painter, or dyer thereof.

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of French printed, stained, painted, or dyed callicoes and muffins (except such as shall he dyed throughout of one coldur only) which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European dominions of the French king, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, seven pence.

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of all French printed, stained, painted, or dyed linens and duffs made either of cotton or linen mixed with other materials, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured duffs made of cotton and other materials mixed or wholly made of cotton wool (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only) which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European dominions of the French king, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, threepence halfpenny.

o

o

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap, or ball soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, twopence fiarthing.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, one penny three fasthings.

I

is / d.

o 3l

0 II

4* o 7 o ji

o 2*

o 1

SCHEDULE F.

SPIRITS.

For every gallon of fermented wort or wash which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, for extracting spirits for home consumption from any malt, edrn, grain, or tiles, or any mixture with the same; to be paid by the makers or diihilers thereof, sixpence ——

every gallon of cyaer or perry, or any other wash or liquor, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from any sort or kind of British materials (except such as are before mentioned) or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption; be paid by the makers or dilliilers thereof, five pence. —

For every gallon of fermented wort or wall which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from molasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, lor extracting spirits for home consumption; to be paid by the makers or diltijlers thereof, eight pefice three farthings. —

For every gallon of wall which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refofed wine or foreign cyder, or wafti prepared from foreign materials (except molasses and sugar) or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption; po be paid by the makers or dilliilers thereof, one shilling —-

every seventy two gal ion's of wall, which George Bishop of maid stone shall produce oil bt before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eigiky eight, from a weight of malt, or other com, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds avoirdupois; to be paid by the Uid George bi shop, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity of such wall, eighteen Shillings ——

every gallon of wall from which twenty-four gailbns shall be takexr. and distilled by the officer of excise, according to the directions and! under the authority of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, among other things, to discontinue for a limited time the payment of duties on low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and fetiiring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof, and such twenty-four gallons of wall so distilled shall be found to produce more than two gallons and three fourth parts of a gallon of spirits, at the strength of one in seven under hydrometer proof; to be paid by the said George Bishop, one shilling. - I o I 0

For every gallon of British spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall be manufactured in Scotland and brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight; to be paid by the importer thereof, two Shillings -

for every gallon of alf such spirits as last aforesaid of a greater strength than one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proo£ two Shillings ——

also a farther duty proportioned to the degree of strength in which such spirits shall exceed the said strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof; to be paid by the importer thereof, or the person bringing the same.

o o

k O O j

O O

O I 0

a ip

O 2 Q

O 2 p

167

C

continued.

For every gahoa of fiogle brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, four fhiluiigs and threepence ——

every gallon Of brandy above proof which shall be imported into Great Britain; to be, paid by the importer before the landing thereof, eight Shillings and one penny.

For every gallon of rum, spirits or aqua vitae, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, three Shillings and seven pence. —

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vitae above proof, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, six Shillings and eight pence. —

For every gallon of single spirits, or aqua vitae (other than such brandy, ram, spirits, or aqua vitae as aforesaid) which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, four Shillings and threepence. —

For every gallon of fpihts, or aqua vitae (other than such brandy, rum, spirits, or aqua vitae as aforesaid) above proof, which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, eight Shillings and one penny.

0 4 J o 81

0 3 7 o 6

0 4 3 081

STARCH.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of starch of what kind (oever which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, threepence farthing. - o o

SWEETS.

For every barrel of liquor which shall be made in Great Britain for side, by infusion, fermentation, or otherwise, from fruit or sugar or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, commonly called sweets or called or distinguished by tie name of made wines, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, eighteen Shillings and fourpence three farthings. — — — o 18 4

TEA.

For and upon all tea which shall be sold in Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, seven pounds ten Shillings per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at which fuen tea shall be sold; to be paid by the purchaser or purchasers of such tea to the said united company, and to be paid by the said united company to the commissioners of excise for the time being.

o

VERJUICE.

For every hogshead of verjuice which shall be made in Great Britain for file; to be paid by the maker thereof, and foin proportion for ft greater or lesser quantity, seven Shillings and eight pence. o

m4

7

8

SCHEDULE F.

VINEGAR.

for every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, which shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for side; to be paid by the maker thereof, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, ten billings and three farthings. —

WINE.

for every tonne of French, Rheniih, German, or Hungary wine, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, seventeen pounds seventeen billings-

every tonne of all other wines which shall be imported into Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, eleven pounds eighteen billings —-

For every ounce troy of gilt wire which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, nine pence farthing.-

For every ounce troy of fiver wire which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or le/ter quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, seven pence.-

O 10

1717

II 18

o 0

o 0

169

SCHEDULE F.

ALLOWANCES.

BREWERS.

UPON every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel ex dufiveof the duty hereby imposed on such beer or ale, and not being beer or ale commonly called table beer, which shall be brewed and made as aforesaid) which shall be brewed by the common brewer or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, within the cities of London and Westminster or within the limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the gauger, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser qoantity, one shilling and fourpence-

every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel (exclusive of the doty hereby imposed on such beer or ale, not being twopenny ale mendooed and described in the seventh article of the treaty of onion, or such table beer) which shall be brewed by the common brewer or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap oat beer or ale, publicly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called England not within the said cities of London and Westminster nor witbia the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the gauger, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one hilling and eight pence. —

Upon every barrel of beer or ale of six Shillings the barrel or under (exclusive of the duty hereby imposed on such beer or ale) which shall be brewed in that part of Great Britain called England by the common brewer or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called England, and returned by the gauger, and (o in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, fourpence-

every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duty hereby imposed thereon) which shall be brewed by the common brewer or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or up out beer or ale, publicly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the ganger, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, tempence. —

Upon every barrel of six Shillings beer or ale or under which shall be brewed by the common brewer or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger, and io in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, threepence. Upon every barrel of twopenny ale mentioned and described in the seventh article of treaty ot union which shall be brewed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger, and foin proportion so? any greater or lesser quantity, sixpence. —

o

o

o

o

o

o

4

1 8

0 4

o 10

° 3 o 6

MALT.

For every quarter of malt which shall be made and locked up for exportation, and exported according to the directions of an act, made in the twelfth year of thfe reign o? ting George thefirlt concerning malt made for exportation, threepence —-

For any quantities of paper which shall be used in the printing any] books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern languages, within the two universities of Oxford and Cambridge or either of them, by permission of the vice chancellors of the same respectively, the duties of excise by this act imposed thereon.

For any quantities of paper which shall be used in the printing any books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern languages, within the universities of Scotland or any of them, by permission of the principals of the same respectively, the duties of excise by this act imposed thereon.

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap, or ball soap, which shall be employed, (pent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the making any clothes, (erges, kerfoys, bays, (lockings, or other manufactures of sheep or Jambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the

treated part of the value of the materials shall be wool, or in the rifling the said manufactures or preparing the wool for the e, one penny halfpenny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap, which shall be employed, spent, or consumed' in Great Britain, in the making any clothes, serges, kerfeys, bays, (lockings, or other manufactures of sheep or lambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials shall be wool, or in the finifiung the said manufactures or preparing the wool for the same, one penny and one twelfth part of a penny, —-

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap, or ball (bap, which shall be employed, spent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new linen in the piece in order to the sale of such linen, one penny farthing.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap which shall be employed, spent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new iingn in the piece in order to the sale of such linen, three farthings. For every pound weight avoirdupois of soap which shall be made in Great Britain, and be used and consumed in Great Britain on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight in preparing and finishing any manufactures from (lax or cot tonne, for sale (except such as shall be used in whitening new linen in the piece in order to the faje thereof), three farthings. —

0 0

o 0

0 0

o 0

STARCH.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of (larch which shall be made in Great Britain, and be used and consumed in Great Britain on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight in preparing and finishing any manufactures from flax or cotton

o 0

o 0

Starch, continued.

for (hie (except such starch as shall be used and consumed in finishing new linen in the piece for sale as herein after mentioned), one penny halfpenny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of starch which shall be made in Great Britain, and be used and consumed in Great Britain in finish ing new linen in the piece for sale, threepence. —

SCHEDULE F.

BOUNTIES.

FOR every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel, ex clofive of the duty hereby imposed on such beer or ale, which shall be proved to have been brewed in Great Britain from malted corn, and whereupon the duties for strong beer or ale shall be proved to have been charged or paid, and which shall be exported to foreign parts as merchandise, when barley is at twenty-four Shillings per quarter or under, one shilling.

Far every tonne of spirits drawn or made in Great Britain from corn, onder, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, contained and provided in and by an act of parliament, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulating and encouraging the exportation of British made (pints and for securing the payment of the duties upon spiri tnons liquors, or any other act or acts of parliament now in force concerning British spirits made or drawn from corn for exportation, which shall be exported to foreign parts as merchandise, three ponnds twelve (hilungs —-

171

/. d.

3 O it J Q 3

' n

Qj

r

\ 12 O

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.' [tjl

SCHEDULE F. 1

DRAWBACKS. 1

BEER OR ALE.

\£.

FOR every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duty hereby imposed in respect of such beer or ale, and not being twopenny ale mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of union, nor being beer or ale commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made as aforesaid) for which the duty by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, deduding threepence per too for the charges of the officers, eight Shillings —-

AND TILES.

For all bricks and tiles respectively which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the several and respective duties by this act imposed in respect of such bricks or tiles.

CANDLES.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles of tallow and other candles whatsoever, which shall be made in Great Britain, except wax and spermaceti candles, (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny halfpenny. —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles which shall be made in Great Britain of wax, or of spermaceti, or which are usually called or sold for wax or spermaceti candles (for which the duties by this, ad imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, threepence halfpenny. —

CHOCOLATE.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain of coconuts of the growth or produce of any bri till colony or plantation in America imported into Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, five pence. For every pound weight avoirdupois of chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain ot coconuts of the growth or produce of any other place imported into Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one shilling and fourpence-

o I 4

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every hogshead of cyder or perry which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts,

*73 /#

Cyder and Perry, continued, and To in proportion for any greater or letter quantity, the several and respective duties by this act imposed in respect of such cyder and perry, dedoding threepence per tonne for the charges of the officers

HIDES.

For all hides and calve skins respectively which shall be tanned, tawed, ordressed in Great Britain and duly marked (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, two thirds of the duties of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof respectively.

For all (beep skins and lamb skins respectively which shall be tanned tawed, ordretted in Great Britain, (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as mer chandize to foreign parts, two thirds of the duties of excise by this act imposed in reaped thereof respectively.

For every poond weight avoirdupois of hides and calve skins respectively which shall be dressed or curried in Great Britain (for which the dudes by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny. —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of seal skins which shall be tanned or tawed in Great Britain (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of leather tanned in Great Britain, chargeable by this act to pay a duty by weight (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be osnofadured and actually made into goods or wares, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny halfpenny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of boots, shoes, gloves, or other manafadores, made of any kind of tawed or dretted leather, chargeable by this act to pay a duty by weight (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) exported as merchandise to foreign parts, two thirds of the duties of excise by this id imposed in relped thereof respectively.

HOPS.

For erery pound weight avoirdupois of hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, and which shall be cured or made (it for use, and on which the duties of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof shall base been duly charged, exported as merchandise to Ireland, one penny and twelve twentieth parts of a farthing.

PAPER.

For all paper which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the whole of the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof.

PRINTED GOODS.

For every yard square of paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, for hangings or other uses (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and

001

001

o o ij

o o

1

ri

ti

V

1

LI

tt

4

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. o. ig. SCHEDULE. F.

Printed Goods, continued.

shall be exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny three farthings.

For all linens, stuffs, fustians, velvets, velverets, dtipities, figured stuffs, stuffs wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, commonly called British manufactory, calicoes and muffins, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the whole of the duties of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof.

For all silks and silk handkerchiefs which shall be printed, ft aired, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the whole of the duties of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof.

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap, or ball foapt which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, twopence farthing. —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny three farthings.

STARCH.

Fcr every pound weight avoirdupois of llarch which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts threepence farthing.

TEA.

For all tea (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported to Ireland or his majesty'i plantations in America, the whole of the duties of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof.

WINE.

For every tonne of French wine which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European dominions of the French king (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any British colony or plantation in America or to any British settlement in the East Indies, and foin proportion for any greater or lester quantity, fourteen pounds seven shillings -

every tonne of French wine which shall be imported as aforesaid (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any other part or place beyond the seas, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, five pounds thirteen shillings.

For every tonne of Rhenish, German, or Hungary wine (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any

o <*)

o MO

o

1

5 J

SCHEDULE F.

Wine, continued.

British colony or plantation in America, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, fourteen pounds seven Shillings-

every too of Rhenrih, German, or Hungary wine (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any British settlement in the Raft Indies, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, nine pounds seventeen Shillings-

every tonne of Rheniih, German, or Hungary wine (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any other part or place beyond the seas, and foin proportion for any

greater or lesser quantity, five pounds thirteen Shillings

For every tonne of all other wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great bri taia as merchandise to any British colony or plantation in America, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, nine pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence ——

every tonne of all other wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any British settlement in the East Indies and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, six pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence ——

every ten of all other wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof ihau have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any other part or place beyond the seas, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, three pounds fifteen Shillings and fourpence ——

9

5

9

6

3

GOLD THREAD.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of gold thread, gold lace, or gold fringe, made of plate wire spun upon (ilk, such plate wire being' made of gilt wire, which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid and exported as merchandise to foreign part?, and so 4n proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, seven Shillings and eight pence,

SILVER THREAD.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of silver thread, fllver lace, or fibre fringe, made of plate wire spun upon silk, such plate wire being made of fllver wire, which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, five Shillings and nine pence.

o

*75

t

7 o 17 o 13 o

*' 4 45 4

7 8 5 9

: a p.

j Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 14 — 19. [1787.

CAP. XIV.

An act for paving, cleangng, lighting, and watching the streets femes, and other public passages and places, within the walls of the city pi Canterbury, and the liberties thereof; and also several streets and other places near or adjoining to the said City; and for removing afld preventing incroachments, ob ft raft ions, nuifaoces, and annoyahcib therein.

CAP. XV.

An act for building a bridge at or near the ferry, over the river Trent, from Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Saundby, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. XVI.

An act for making perpetual two acts, passed in the fifteenth and seven teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for retraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XVII.

An act for rebuilding the chapel of Eafk Stonehouse, In the county of Devon.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for making perpetual an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the proceedings of the court of judiciary and circuit courts in Scotland.

CAP. XIX.

An act to enforce and render more effectual several acts pa (fed in tie twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and other acts made for the increase and encouragement of shipping end navigation.

Preamble, reit

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty sixth year of tie Geog 60 rin of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the fur

co 3» C tjjcr increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation, it is enafledy That the ships and vejfds belonging to his Majesty's fob jests ref ding in the kingdom Ireland, being duly qualified and ri gifiered according to the laws now in forcey shall continue to enjoy el the privileges and advantages to which such ships and vessels were by law entitled before the passing of this act, until the end of four calendar months from the commencement of the first session of the parliament of Ireland which shall hereafter sit during the Jpace of four calendar months, without prorogation or dissolution, and from the end of that time, every ship or vessel which shall, by virtue of the authority of any act that may be passed in the said parliament of Ireland, be qualified and registered in any of the ports of the said kingdom of Ireland, under similar regulations and restrictions to those therein contained, shall continue to enjoy, to all intents and purpofs whatever, all the privileges and advantages of a british £«/7/ shipy ora foreign built shipy owned by his majesty's subjects, as the case may

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19. zyf

iit wording to tbt provijhns of this ail: and whereas by an ait of tbt parliament of Ireland, passed in this present session of the fold perhemtnty intituled An act for the further increase and encou

ragement of shipping and navigation, regulations and rejlriilions fn foahfying and regtflering ships and vessels in the ports of the said kingdom of Ireland are enacted and provided, similar to those contained in the said before mentioned ail of the parliament Great Britain $ be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent fre

majesty, by and with the advice and confenit of the lords spiri land accord tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ing to an act assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every ship of the parlia or vessel which shall be duly registered in any port in the king Engdomof1 dona of Ireland, according to the regulations and restrictions of the present the before mentioned act passed in the parliament of that king session, to en dom, and shall obtain a certificate thereof, shall enjoy, to all myall the pri iotents and purposes whatsoever, all the privileges and advan jjfj^jned'by tages of a British built ship or foreign built ship, owned by his his majestyv majesty's subjects, as the case may be. subjects.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That vefteu regi every ship or vessel belonging to his majesty's subjects residing stered there in the said kingdom of Ireland, being duly qualified and regi fac£°?fou* ftered according to the laws in force at and immediately before to fai(i the commencement of the said act, so passed in the parliament ad, to con of that kingdom, shall continue in like manner to enjoy all the dnue to enjoy privileges and advantages of a British built ship or foreign built wc*unne* Ship, owned by his majesty's subjects, as the case may be, dur t; me ap. ing the time or times which are or may be appointed by the pointed by the of of his majesty's revenue in the said kingdom, commission porfaant to the powers thereby given to the said of ?UC

to appoint the times when the registration required by the said m rca»ad is to be made; but that at the end qr expiration of the said but at the lime or times, so to be appointed by the said of, no expiration of ship or vessel, belonging to the kingdom of Ireland, which ought

to be registered in the ports thereof, shall have or enjoy such registered a privileges or advantages, unless such ship or vessel shall have greeable to been registered, and shall have obtained a certificate thereof in the said act. pursuance of the before mentioned act passed in the said parliament of Ireland.

IU. Provided always, That in case it shall happen that any hch ship or vessel, from any unavoidable necessity or reasonable canst, shall not have returned to the port in Ireland to which (hebelongs, within thp time so appointed by the said commis fiooeri, but shall first touch at some port of Great Britain, the ifiaods of Guernsey or strfey, or the isle of Man, it shall and may be lawful for the of of his majesty's customs in eng kni, or any four or more of them, and for the of of his majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the time being 'respectively, to permit such ship or vessel, upon proof being made to their satisfaction of such un aroidable necessity or reasonable cause, to enjoy the privileges of a British'built ship or vessel for that time oulv, and to clear out Vot. XXXVI N*wd

If any such vessel Should be prevented from returning to the port to which (he belongs in due time, and Should touch at a port in Great Britain, C the commissionerb of the customs may permit her to clear out, and re

1781 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19.' [1787.

turn to her and return to the port in Ireland to which such ship or reflei Irelandport m belong and nd other, for the purpose of being the re registered.

Recital of part

IV. And whereas by the before mentioned ally passed in the turn

of the oath tyfixth year of his Majesty's reign y it is enafiedy That no registry of taken b rtie an}fi*p or vejf^ flail thenceforth be made, until the owner or oxtmtts aft % 6 Geo. 3. tf such fl[p or vessel shall have taken an oath therein set forth in temp C 60. ner therein directed, containing, among otherj, the words follomnf\

44 That I the said A.B. (and the said other owners, if any) am to are) truly and bona fide a subject or subjects) of Great Britain and that I the said A.B. have not (nor have any of the omtr owner Sy to the be ft of my knowledge or belief) taken an oath of allegiance to any foreign state whatever, except under the termfi Nooath taken "fime capitulation [describing the particulars thereof 2]* belt temcorarya ena<^e^ by the authority aforesaid, That any oath which fltad right* a CI have been, or may be taken, for the sole purpose of requiring tizen, during the rights of a citizen or burgher in any foreign city or toira residence in a in Europe, to be enjoyed during the time that the person or persons ta^ing Such oath shall reside in such city or town, and for an oath ofc a limited time after such residence shall have expired, shall not allegiance to be deemed an oath of allegiance to a foreign (late, within the such Rate. true intent and meaning of the said act.

Instead of the V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no

oath required thing in the said last mentioned act contained shall preventive aft the fol persons thereby authorised from making registry of ships trad lowing oath vessels, and granting certificates thereof to ships and vel may be taken wholly owned by the united company of merchants of England by the person trading to the East Indies, or any other body corporate within thonzed his ^in2dom, all other requisites of the said act being complied the east-india w»ih, upon the following oath being taken and subscribed by company, C the Secretary of the said united company, or other body corporate, or by any other officer authorised by such company or body corporate, (instead of the oath directed to be taken by the said act} before the person or persons duly authorised to rathe such registry and grant such certificates respectively, which oath they are hereby respectively empowered to administer:

Form of the T A.B. secreta*y or officer of [name of company or corporation] oath. JL do make oathy That the ship or vessel (name) of (port or pbee)

whereof (matter's name) is at present mastery being (kind of talk, burden, sc. as described in the certificate of the surveyfag officer) was (when and were built, or if prize, capture and condemnation) and that the same doth wholly and truly belong to (name of company or corporation).

VI. And whereas by the said ally pajfd in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reignt it is enacted, That at the time of obtaining the certificate of registry therein directed, sufficient security by bond shall be given to his Majesty y his heirs and successiorty by the mastery and such of the owners as shall per finally atlendy as is therein required, such security to be approved of and taken by the person or

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. f. v79

persons therein authorised to make such regiflry and te grant a certificate thereof at the port or place in which such certificate shall be granted, in the penalties, and on the conditions, others in the said act mentioned, That such certificate hall not be foldt lent or otherwise difpefed of: and whereas doubts have arisen whether such bond can be legally executed by the master of the vejf'el at any other port or place than that at which the vrffel is by the said act, required to be rj]pfl*r*d\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and afier the first day 01 June one thousand seven fro June tf hundred and eighty seven, the comm 1 (Turners of his Majesty's ^ontmission customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of en of the cuf them, or the of of his majesty's customs in Scotland toms, C for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the go permit vernor, or lieutenant governor, or commander in chief of the th islands of Guernsey or Jersey or of the Isle of Manor of any of filing acer vhe colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, which now be tificate of the long, or may hereafter belong, or be in the possession of his Ma registry of a jesty, his heirs and successors, in Afsay Africa, or America, shall, vessel, to be and they are hereby authorised to permit, in any case where it j^reverthey shall appear to them to be expedient, such bond to be taken bethink proper, fore any person or persons whatever, and in such manner, and at such port or place, as they shall respectively judge sitting and necessary j and every such person or persons shall and are hereby authorised to take such bond, and such bond when so taken shall be valid and of the like force and effects, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if the same had been taken by the person or persons authorised by the said act to make registry and grant a certificate thereof.

VII. And whereas no provision is made in the said act passed in the said twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, requiring fresh security so bond to be given whenever the maser of a hip or vtjfeu registered in pursuance thereof shall be changed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often Wheneverthe as the master, or other person having or taking the charge or master of a command of any ship or vessel, registered in manner therein dr ^an*ed freth reded, shall be changed, the periun who shall become matter, fecunt? to be or take the charge or command of such ship or vert'd, shall give given, C security by bond, to be taken in the manner and under the penalties and conditions required by the said act and this present

aft; and upon such fresh security being from time to time given, the same being made to appear by endorsement on the Original bond by the officers in whose custody it shall be, such original bond, (0 far as it relates to the former matter, (hart from thenceforth be null and void, (except with respect to any breach or breaches of the conditions of such bond which may have been committed before such endorsement.)

VIII. And whereat, for want of a sufficient number tf proper officers in the island of Newfoundland, and its dependencies, and in same parts of the provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick, difficulties may occur in carrying the provisions of the be — — - aft, passed in the twenty fxih year of his Majestf s

n2 r. reign.

iso

Vessels, not exceeding $0 tonnes burden, and not having a fixed deck, may be employed in the fishery at Newfoundland, C

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1787.

reign, into execution, so far as may relate to jmail vessel concerned in tarrying on the fi fiery thereof, and in trading cocflwife: be it theth* fore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no whatever, not exceeding the burden of thirty tonnes, and M having a whole or fixed deck, and being employed solely in C fishery on the banks or (hores of Newfoundland, and of the pa adjacent, or on the banks or (hores of the provinces of Sfrukfr Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, adjacent to the gulf of w Lawrence and to the north of Cape Confix or of the iflapj^ within the same, or in trading coastwise within the said ligity

without being shall be subject or liable to be registered by virtue or II

Tegiftered

Vessels built at Newfoundland, C for European owners, may be registered there, upon

fuance of the said act passed in the said twenty sixth year of his Mr. sent majesty's reign, or shall he liable to any hindrance, mokfij? tien, obstruction, or detention whatever, for or on accoui)|p not being so registered; thing in the said act to the epo* trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

jfnd whereas many ships or vessels have been, and may kerib after be built in the said tfland^newfoundland, and in those of the provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia, and New Brunfvic)^ adjacent to the gulf of Saint Lawrence, and to the north of Canso, or in the islands within the said limits, on account of ' residing in his Majesty's European dominions, which ships or by reason of the absence of all the owners, cannot be registered in places, in pursuance and under the provisions of the said c8, so / _ in the said twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign; be therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That^ships or vessels shall and may be registered in the said island 0? Newfoundland and its dependencies, or in the parts of the 6$ provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, adjacent to the gulf ot Saint Lawrence, and to the north of Cape Cvfo, or in the islands within the said limits, (before the persons fa

agent8ptakhig thorized respectively at those places to make registry, and to the requisite grant certificates thereof, in pursuance of the said act), upon the'

oath;

husbands or principal agents of the said ships or vessels takio the oath required by the said act, instead of the same L "taken by the owners thereof; and the certificates so shall be of the like force and effect, to all intents and pu whatever, as if they had been granted upon the oath of the owners respectively. such time as such ships or vesselsit* spectively shall arrive at some port in his majesty's Eurefaen dominions, where they may be respectively registered upoa^jbf oath of the respective owner or owners thereof, but no lonm^'anything in the said act contained to the contrary notwill^ on\hdr arn*anc, n?: anc whenever such ships or vessels shall first arm^iq valin Europe, any Port n his majesty'seuropean dominions, the ccrufr* rmift he regis' cates of registry, granted in pursuance of this act, shall be tty tered agree tcrly null and void, and shall be delivered up to be cancelled; Gle to 46 60 anci or vc^s stall and are hereby required to be ra

co. 3. C fpc£jvc|o registered de novo, upon the oath of the respectiue owqers being taken, and the other requisitions of the said act being complied with,

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19. 18*

X. And whereas, by an at! made dndpaffed in tbt twelfth year of t*sar!at'c*,# tie reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for encoti recited* raging and increasing of shipping and navigation, certain goods

end commodities therein enumerated and described, are required to be imported into this kingdom, either in ships which belong, tb or are of tie halt of his Majestfs dominions', or of the built of the country or pkee of which the said goods or commodities are the growth, production, ornumfacture respectively, or of such port where the said goods or commodities can only be, or most ufrnlly are first shipped for transfertation, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of July one thousand feveh and Mf hundred and eighry seven, any of the said goods of commodi lj^7tbetefci ties so enumerated or described in the said act, being the growth, enumerated production, or manufacture of Europe, maybe imported into of the growth Great Britain under the conditions, rules, regulations, and re &c.ofe«rope, Ariftions contained in the said act; and also in an act, made ^[ed into and passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Great Britain King Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing frauds, under the and regulating obtefes in his Majestfl customs; in another act, condidons 6i made and passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act to repeal so much of the act cir. cit. intimed, An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in and6&ea. t. his majesty's customs, passed tn the thirteenth and fburteetrth years C JS* of Eing Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the importa before

inn of deal boards and sir timbdr from Grermany; either in ships or voths which, before the first day of May one thousand seven belonged to' hundred and eighty six, did fruly and without fraud wholly be his Majestf*! lone to his majesty's dominions, or which are of the built of d°minin8» his majesty's dominions, and regjiftered respectively according to law, or in ships or vessels the built of any countries or places»Europe telonging to or under the dominion of the sovereign or (late in Europe of which the said goods or commodities, so enumerated or describeda&aforesaid, are the growth, production, or manufacture respectively, or of such ports where the said goods or cdmmbdires can only b cioc are most usually first shipped for transportation, such (his or vessels being navigated with a matter and three fourths of the mariners, at the least, belonging to such countries or places, or ports respectively, and ia none other ships or vessels whatever; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary irotwithftaftding.'

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons ooood«ofmo* Whatever to import or bring into Great Britain from Gibraltar, edtnto^i*in any ship or vessel which, before the first day of May one braltar, may thousand seven hundred and eighty six, did truly without fraud be imported wholly belong to his majesty's dominions, or are of the built ^roj? thin of his majesty's dominions, navigated and rendered according j "his majestolaw, any goods, wares, or merchandise, being the growth or (ty'8 dommi production of the dominions of the emperor of Morocco, and ons, or ships which shall have been imported into Gibraltar directly from any belonging ptpf Ac said dominions nothing or being to the fomthward^0cj '

18a Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. of

1786, on pay of the port of Mogadore, in ships or veffcis belonging to or of of the same the built of his majesty's dominions, as before described, nati ported^m 8atc<* an fegiftered according to law, or in ships or vessel*j*» Africas longing to the subjects of the said emperor cf Morocco, upon lament of the same duties, and none other, as such goods, was, or merchandise are or shall be liable to uppn being icnpogld into Great Britain directly from Africa. hut such

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every figji

it^ompa ca^c 6°°*roported shall be accompanied with a ccf|h nied with a tificate under the hand of the governor, or lieutenant govcaap, certificate, or commander in chief of Gibraltar, (or of any person authoroqpi that they were by them, or either of them, to grant such certificate), Mag ssrtdtarin° ort that such goods were brought into Gibraltar in fucbpv. such vessela as or veflei as above described. rm

are required XIII and for obviating all doubts which may artfi tomhie % pk by this act. meaning and conjlruflion of, the said act, made and passed in the twenty

six tk year of the reign of his present Majesty, initialled An a fc the further increase and encouragement of shipping and aptj au vessels gation, be it enacted and declared, That all ships and vq&ls6 which by the said adfc qre declared npt to be

C 60, arede p^vileses or advantages of a British built ship, or of a tip clared not to owned by British subjects, and all ships and vessels not regiaggd be iotitled to according to the directions and regulations, of the said act, fas, ^vsfc# although such ships and vessels may be owned by hfs mmfms suhtship, C ftibjedts, be held and deemed, to all intvnts and puipofa^is to be deemed alien ships, and shall in all cases be liable to such and thefifte alien ships, penalties, and forfeitures as alien ships, in the like cases, at&tfr shall bylaw be liable to:, vc

CAP. XX.

An act for varying and extending the powers of the company ofyst prietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation. V

CAP. XXI.

An act to enable the lords of of his Majestfs treafmfu Purchase, of the proprietor of coal mines and coal works etflte efiatt of Pitferran, in the county of Fife, the right of exemption from payment of the duty, on coals exported. 1

[Preamble,

WHEREAS, by a grants or letter of gift, by her late nsanfty reciting grant Queen Anne, under the privy seal of Scotland, dat&the Anne otaen day of December one thousand seven hundred anism*it

right of ex

is recited, that dame Janet Halket* Jpoufe to sir Peter Halto V emption from Pitferran alias Wedderburn, of Gostord, knight baronet, and btr duty on coals predecessors, heritage proprietors of the lands, barony, and ejlat^of tstftafe of *l^erran' ani Pf the coals, coal works, and coal mines within the Pitferran, C bounds thereof \ lying within the Shire of Fife, and kingdom of Sept 1'9 land, had been at great charges and expenses in the prosecuting and

working of the said coal works, whereby great benefit and advantage had arisen and redounded to the said kingdom of Scotland, by the or port of the same to foreign countries, and the returns artfing thereby

in'

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. i r.

k mtempktion where the same dame Janet Halltet, and her pride ufors, bad enjoyed the immemorial right and possession of the privity of exporting the said tools out of the aid kingdom, free and exempted from all payment of any custom or builion, or any other duties or impifttions, payable for tools exported forth of the said kingdom, oni by tobith grant, or Utter of gift, her said Majesty, considering that by rtofon of the said right and immemorial possession of the fort fsu exemption, the customs of the coals of the said if ate of p'rtferrati exported had not made any part of the tuftom of her Majestys said kiogdom, and that the nature and kind of the said toah was futh, that H beam needful that the same Should be exported, and her said ma jtly, being willing to give encouragement to the said dame Janet Haiket, her heirs and successors, in the said lands and estate of pit frnan, for their better carrying on and profetuting the said works, and exporting the said tools, not only ratified, approved, and confirmed to and in fervour of the said dame Janet Halltet and her foresaids, the full right, privilege, and liberty of transporting the fort said coals forth of the said kingdom of Scotland, free and exempted from all payment of any custom or builion, or any other duties whatsoever, im poftd or to be immeftd thereupon by the laws and alls of parliament of her Majesty's said kingdom, made or to be made, according as the same bad been pojfiffed and enjoyed by the said dame Janet Haiket, bet predeeejfm and authors, but odfo of new gave and granted, and for her Majesty, her heirs and successon, perpetually confirmed to the said same Janet Haiket and her foresaids, the full privilege and liberty of transporting the fore said coals from any port or ports within the said kingdom, to any foreign places or countries, free and ekempted from all payment of any ettflom or hullionf or any other duties what sever imposed or to be imposed on the export of tools forth of her Abjtfifs said kingdom, as by the said grant, or letter of gift, may meet fully appear, which grant of exemption herein before set forth was ratified by the parliament of Scotland by an all of ratification, doted the twenty first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ftvar, by which act of ratification, her said Majesty, with the advice end confine of the estates of parliament willed and granted, and for her Majesty and her successors ordhined the fore said grant or letter jf gift bo be (conform to the tenor thereof) good, valid, and sufficient fr psffejfing and tujoying the aforesaid privilege and exemption in all tint coming, as by the Jitid act of ratification may also more fully appear: and whereas, by the sixth article of the treaty of union, it i: s provided and declared, That all parts of the united kingdom for ever, from and after the union, fb/ll have the same allowances, encourage vuntt, and drawbacks, and be under the same prohibitions, restrictions, ani regulations of trade, and liable to the same customs and duties on import end export; and that the allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks, prohibitions, restrictions, and regulations of trade, and the customs and duties on import and export, settled in England when the union com ounces, ball, from and after the union, take place throughout the Whole united kingdom, excepting and reserving the duties upon export end import of such particular commodities from which any persons, ftf subjects of either kingdom, are^pecially liberated and exempted by

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. trtfi.

their private rights ivbkb* of Ur the union art to retook fife entire to them ift all respects as before the same: and whereas /*to the commencement of the union, a suit was iaftknttdkt court of the exchequer in Scotland, by English biuy for recovkff the duties upon certain parcels of cods exported the produce if i aforesaid estate Pitforran, of that fjpecies called Small or Sm Jpoal, ft only for smiths use $ which suit the said court ifi chequer by decree dated the twenty-fifth day of July one th even hundred and thirty-eight, adjudged the said figftt of ex to be good as to that species of coals whereof the duties were lie j jefl of the aforesaid suit* and whereas the right of exemption her before mentioned by reason of the recited exception in the faiij article in the treaty ef union and of the aforesaid decree of the court of exchequer in Scotland, has ever puce the anion beendek and taken to be a private rights falling under the deftription ouii titled to the benefit f the foresaid exception h the said sixth a^the treaty of 'union in fervour of private rights, by means coals the produce of the lapis barony and estate of Pitferrato,

beenr and continue to be exported duty free: and whertas* by e acts of parliament certain duties are chargeable upon all other I exported to foreign parts: and whereas it is inexpedient astoes\ respect of the public revenue ds in respcb of the interest of aether j \prietors of coal mines and coal worhs that the said rifht of exemfi, Should any longer continue to exist: and whereas it is attoe sans Just and reasonable* that a juitdbk recompense ftumli be made f*rendering the said right j be it therefore enacted by the ] most excellent majesty, by and with the advke and aeon the lords spiritual and temporal, and ctqpmon* ki Ait \ Treasury may parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, pwrehafe of*and may be lawful to and for the lord commissitt

the right of, majesty's treasury, now and for the time being, and exemption are hereby authorised and empowered to treat wkh the from duty on prietor or proprietors, of the lands, barony, and estate of edvom^the* ferran* which belonged to the family of halketntpitferrauik mines of Pit l'me f the grant before mentioned, in favour of the afbrfe ferran j dame Janet Halket* being the proprietor or proprietor

coai mines gnd coal works situated within the same landv'l rony, and estate of Pitferran* or with such other person or L fons as are or may be the proprietor or proprietors of xhti coal mines and coal works, for the purchase of the said rig' exemption; and the said lords commissioness of his Map treasury, now and for the time being, are hereby further at ri^ed and empowered to agree for and stipulate a reasonawe i adequate price for such purchase of the said exemption, tit make payment of such price out of any moneys arising from \ revenue of customs in that pan of Great Britain, called H

II Anf* upon such payment being made or tendered, it is he further enacted, That the foresaid right of exemption, wd| benefit belonging thereto or accruing therefrom, shall ccafe i for ever determine, and be no longer enjoyed: and that! coals, the produce of the said lands, barony, and estate of J

ferranj

on payment of inch purchase money the said right to cease;

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. ill 185

ferm> shall, upon the exportation thereof, be/ubjeft and liable to the like duties as' other coals exported to foreign parts are Hibleind fiibieft unto; and such duties shall be raised, levied, eoile&d, applied, and disposed of in the same manner, and to the same uses and purposes as the duties on other coals exported are or may be raised, levied, collected, applied, and disposed of b? any law now in being.

IH. Andy for the bitter and more effectual raising and ccheflittg fvb duties, and the prevention of frauds therein, it is hereby enacted and declared, That all the rules, regulations, restrictions, for and the regu feitutss, and penalties, as well real as pecuniary, which are provided lations, Sec. by any atf or acts of parliament now in force, touching or con touch, Dxthe cerning the raising, levying, and collecting the duties on coals ajtis^on^ exported to parts beyond the seas, and the prevention of frauds coals export in the shipping and exportation of such coals, shall, in all rd, to extend foes, extend and be applied to the shipping and exportation fqr foreign parts of coals the produce of the lands, barony, and ^tfciram111 cflate of Pitfcrran aforesaid, the said grant of exemption, act of ratification thereof, or any law, usage, or possession whatsoever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

jnabfor side of certain houses and ground belonging to his majesty.

WHEREAS his Majesty is feifedy in right of his crown, rf Preamble the several messuages or tenements, pieces or parcels of ground

mu after mentioned and described 5 and it will be for the benefit ef bh Majesty and the public that all the said messuages or tenements, oudfietts or parcels of ground, Should be sold, and the money arising fine the sale thereof applied and disposed of in manner herein osier mentioned; and his Majesty is therefore pleased and contented that tie same shall be sold, and the money arising from such sale disposed if k manner herein afttr directied: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consmt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thit present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

That it shall and may be lawful for the lord high trea Treafmymay (iirer, or the Commissioners of the treasury for the time being, treat for the (treat, contrast, and agrde with any person or persons, bodies or, eafin5 postkk or corporate, their heirs, successors, and alligns, for the fate, or for the leasing of all or any part of the estate, right, title, specified. or imerect, in or to all or any of the premises following, together with all and every their rights, members, and appurtenances thereunto belonging; that is to say, The house in Privy Garden, within the liberty of Westminster, used as an office for the of of the lottery; and also the several houses in First Scotland Yard, within the liberty of Westminster aforesaid, following; that is to say, the one latelyufed as an office for his majesty board of works; the one in the occupation of the late fur teyor general of his majesty's works, or hi under tenants; the one in the occupation of Phoebe Scott; the one in the occupation

On execution of conveyances of the said premises, and payment of the purchase money, such conveyances to be valid in law.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C.

[1787.

tien of John Jones or his under tenants; the one late in occupation of Richard Ripley late resident clerk of the born works; the one late belonging to the furvevor general of majesty's board of works, and now in the occupant M' Cleary and Priddle; and also the ground, with the sheds erelted thereon, late belonging to the mailer C the board of works, with the liable and two coach joining the reunto; and also the messuages or tenementsil,

'Second and Third Scotland Yards, within the precincts of blsl^ jesty's palace of Whitehall, within the liberty of Westminsterokm said, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Robert J, John Mouffell* John Pullen John Phelps Robert Ross Agjfp Stephens, George Husbands John Roberts and Sarah Lovepmi and also the following messuages or tenements situate withfefee precindls of Whitehall, that is to say, the one now or lattimp occupation of John Cooper; the one now or late in the tenom occupation of George fowur; the one now or late in the of Held; the one now in the occupation of Samuel the one now in the occupation of lfaae Clarice gentleman" one now in the occupation of Anselm Bayly doctor in dti' fub dean of his Majesty's chapel royal; and also the I houses and parcels of ground on Hampton Court Green, nilt joining thereto, in the county of Middlesex following, thjr^ fey, ihe manfipn house late in the occupation of Whitjbed' esquire, and formerly held by him as surveyor gener majesty's works; the message or tenement now or late in cupation of William Rice clerk to his majesty's board of the parcels of meadow ground lying between the said h the said Whitjbed Kune and William Rice and the river of \ and adjoining thereto, and now or late in the occupation said whitjbedkeene and William Rice, or one of them; at the message or tenement now or lately belonging to jesty s mailer gardener at Hampton Court aforesaid, and non»the tenure or occupation of William Pedley* one of the foteml to the said master gardener; the message or tenement nqsr* late in the occupation of Anderson; nd the meflqdgf'or

tenement now in the occupation of George Shaw, his sergeant farrier.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Upon the executing contracts or agreements by the commissioottt tf his majesty's treasury, or any three of them, or the lord treasurer for the time being, or upon executing such other saa* vcyances, surrenders, or demises, as in such contract orcoutradf shall be agreed on for that purpose, and payment of the prise, at such time or times as shall be agreed on, into the handsd such person or persons as shall be appointed for that purpose is aforesaid, to be applied and disposed of according to the directions of this act, such conveyances, assignmeqts, surrenders, and demises, shall be good and effectual in the lw to all intentsaod purposes, and shall acquit and discharge every such purchaseror jeflee, his and their hcjrs, successors, e*ecutors? administrators,

Purchase no ney to be applied adhere to directed.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 23. 187

ml sfsigns, as against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and ipt aether person or persons churning, or to claim, by, from, un in trust for him or them, or the said commissioners, not fpjfailiiiiiling any restraint or other matter or thing contained in jrtaa, made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty }thn» Annty intituled An act for tbt hotter support of her ma wufs bmjbtld, and tf the honour and dignity of the or any matt law or Statute whatever.

'hi. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That -18 and every sum and sums of money arising by such sales or aaotracts, or by any conveyance, snigcments, surrenders, or tkffsfet made in pursuance thereof, of the said messuages or te jpebents and premises so by this act vested in the commissionera the treasury as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, shall be paid duo applied, in pursuance of warrants under the hands of the 'bid of of his majesty's treasury, or any three or; snore of them, in manner following, that is to say; in the first place, (or paying and discharging all expenses incurred in and tffiiqut.executing and completing such say or sales as aforesaid,

«rmilling thereto respectively, and for making compensations Mpch of the persons to whom the said houses, or any of them, iwffgtdin right of their offices, as shall be thought fit; and, nfttsfayment of such charges and expenses, and such cotnpen imm> the fur pi us and residue of the said money shall, nwm fatto time, be paid to the of appointed by or in jffilwitl of an act passed in the last session of parliament, ha

jtlfrd, An act for appointing towmdffuners to inquire Iprfmndition of the woods forests and land revenues belonging to fie

mint end to Jill or ameuato fto farm. and uttimprovoabu rntu

vflftffitfane lhah be laid out by the said of, and be tftyaftd of in like manner as the moneys directed to be paid into the hank of England under or by virtue of the said recited act.

(y. Saving always to all and every person and persons, their executors, and administrators, and all bodies politic and dofpanut*and their successors, (other than and except the king's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors), all such estate,

[Publick act.]

agkt, title, interest, and demand whatever, which they or any efthem have, or might have had, of, in, to, or out of the said ffitfuages or tenements and premiies, or any of them, or any ia thereof, before the passing of this act, as fully and effedu jjh, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been mit, anything herein contained, to the contrary notwithstand arvd it is hereby declared to be a public act of parliament; SM ill judges, justices, and others, are hereby required to take i aotfce thereof as such, without specially pleading the lame.

General V

log.

CAP. XXIII.

Asia for raising a certain sum of money b loans or exchequer bills, far the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty fares. — For raising s^oorooool. as prescribed by the malt ad.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 44 — 16. [iy!ty

CAP. XXIV.

An act for nrifing*further fiuii of ittoniey* by loans or > for the service of the year one thousandrseven' hundred, 9«5qoaoodl raised by this act as diife&edby the malt

CAP. XXV.

An act for tailing a further sum of money, by exchequer Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty Tar tarfc 1, 500, 0001. more as prescribed by the ttalt aft,

4, /

CAP. XXVI.

an act to enable the lord bi^h, Or commissionen of tbj'i fury for the time being, to let to farm the granted

made in the twenty-fifth year of his present majesty's rttp horses let to hire for travelling poji, and by timey to such ferfi

Should be willing to tontrabi for the same.

Preamble, f WHEREAS by an aijt made anipafihd in the

reciting year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, atij$

ajgco.3x.51. for repealing the duties on licences t&kirtbut by persons f horses far the purpose of travelling po and on horses, for travelling poflr, and by time, m.d. on stage coact for granting other duties in lieu thereof j and fclfo (duties on horses let to hire for travelling poll, and by tii won, anbobgfi other thingry'iina£ied, That pom and after the of August, one ebonfani fivinhundred and tighp fivt, then

rdifedt lrbiodt coi/emd, Wd paidy throughout the iing

Britain', unto and sit tbrvft of'bet his heirs and

atnang other rates and Skiies, the severed rates and

that is to fey, Fer end in respth of every botjl hired by i flagr, to be uftd in travelling pofi in Great Britain, a duly penny halfpenny for every mile futb horse Should lit hired to and that for most i respect ofev&y horse hired sofa any kfi ported of time for drawing on dhy ptmiek toad any otheretarriagf used in travelling poji or otherwise, by tohatfietrt fitch carriages then were, or thereafter might to called orajtfteiii _ or in respell whereof any rates or dirties, Then or thentoforte uhrtrfy management of the eefnmijfumert of excise, vttre or had heed ffh. payable by any jh&ute or Statutes then in force, there Jheuld be chem/c if the iifiance Should be then afertained, the sum of one penny m.p. fenny per mite, and if the dislance Should not be ajiertamed\ tm Should be charged the sum of one billing end nine pence for dhdbtm Jpo& of mh horse so hired; such duty to be paid by the person sins by wham such horse Should be hired: and whereas there is grit?, reafou to believe the aid rates and duties have been greatly evehxh we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do raoft horn bly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it

# acted by the king's most excellent imqefty> by and with the twice

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cotq tqons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho

'm

i Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 26. 189

Wof the same. That it shall and may be lawful, from and after From Aug. r9

*£rft day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty the ta tt, to and for the lord high treasurer, or the of lo7arm the fa treasury, or any three or more of them, for the time be duties grant fag and they are hereby empowered, either by themselvee, or ed by the fa his majesty's of for managing the duties onrccitedi^f ymfd vellum, parchment, and paper, thereunto duly authors) far that purpose, under the hand and Teal of the lord high, treasurer, or under the hands and Teals of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, for that purpose, to let tp faro the rates and duties herein beifore recited, to such person of prions 23 shall be willing to farm the same, according to faeiwulations and in the manner herein after prescribed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That In<* at j if shall and maybe lawful for the lord high treasurer, or the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, farming the m.

fa such particular districts as shall appear to them most po ttr gnd convenient, for the purpose of farming out the said rofafeparatcly in each district to the bed advantage.

'jjf. And be it further enacted, That one month's notice at Three sag kail shall be given by the lord high treasurer, or commis month's no of the treasury, or any three of them, or the commission^u°iimhe managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, an A Gazette of authorised by them as aforesaid, in the London Gazette the time and time and place of letting the said rates and duties, speci place of let thedidricts within which it is intended to let to farm the j hedu ilues, and the sum at which it is proposed to put up the and also the place or office into which proposals for the same shall be delivered.

No proposals

And it is hereby further enacted, That, no such propo for farming I fall be proceeded on, unless the same are so delivered in at the duties to three days previous ro the day so appointed in the Gazette,*

1 with the names of the parties, dating the places of their three who intend to become bidders, and Specifying the didridl days previous they intend to bid. to the day ap

k And be it further enacted, That the lord high treasurer, pointed, &c. fijjfae lords of of his majesty's treasury, qr any three m<}dc f Pro re of them, or the commissioners for managing the duties ^ts^upthe M oped vellum, parchment, and paper, authorised as afore duties,

1, ftuul let the said rates and duties arising within any such &c. jift.as aforesaid, for any term not exceeding three years, and fafemc shall respectively be put up at a relit not less than the ra amount which they shall appear to have produced within tae jear ending on the first day of August one thousand; seven hundred and eighty six; and that the bidding for the same shall bt conducted under such regulations as shall be established for the purpose by the lord high treasurer, or the of of tfa treasury for the time being, or any tjifee of them, or by the^wputuffioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, pafthtnent, and paper, duly authorised as aforesaid; and the person who shall be the highest bidder shall be the farmer or o - rt renter

vjjoo^ic

igo

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii 111. C 26.

[1787.*

renter of the said rates and duties, or such part thereof as'llnl^ be then put up to let, for the said term of three years, or tsm other shorter verm as may be determined on, and as (halt btfip? ferted in the Gazittey and shall forthwith execute a contrail!

be prepared in pursuance of this act, and give security by bjl^j

to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with three or mortr' ficient sureties, for payment to his Majesty, his heirs andlbw cessors, of the money or yearly relit so contracted for, theflp relit' to be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of Majesty's stamp duties, at the head office of stamps, in portions, by eight several payments in the year; that is to On the fifteenth of September, the first of November, the sixte of December, the first of February, the sixteenth of Martha the of May the sixteenth of June, and the first of August % in cw year, unless any of the said days shall be on a Sunday, and Aw the next day thereafter 5 the first payment thereof to comotbtt and be made on executing the said contract, and so contindrfc be made on every succeeding day of payment in each yesj during the continuance of the contract, and before the exw tien of the term for which the said rates and duties shall blit been so let to farm.

sstedin VI prove always, and be it enacted, That in every? contracts, that trait which shall be entered into in pursuance of this act, tb they shall be shall be inserted a clause, declaring that the same shall be

void on any resolution made by the house of commons fofwit purpose, upon six months notice being given by the lord fc treasurer, or the of of the treasury, or any three more of them, to any person entering into such contract.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of theftd

void on any resolution of the commons

If the duties

of any district districts so fixed on, shall not be let to farm at the time fixedty

ictatthe^ime advertisement, for want of offers to farm the same iridic

fixed by ad vcrtifcraent, a future day may be appointed for that purpose.

Deputations

manner herein before provided, the lord high treasurer, ortbe said of of his majesty's treasury, or any thrcrtif them, or the of of stamps (authorised as aforefkj) may fix such future day or days as they shall judge a proper for letting such districts respectively, in the manner Hod upon the notice herein before provided.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the lord high treafireir, to e given to or the of of his majesty's treasury, or any three of lhc*| them, or the commissioners for managing the duties on (her11 farm^hedu 0 CL Ufn* parchment, and paper, authorised as aforesaid»appointby contract being entered into, and bond given as afon

shall, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver toflie person or person farming such rates and duties, and execudo; such contract, a deputation, commission, or authority, under Ac hands and seals of three or more of them, appointing such persons to be the collectors of the said rates and duties so let to him or them respectively as aforesaid, and authorising such person so farming the said rales and duties to take securuies by bomb from the persons licensed, in the name of his Majesty, his heirs tod successors, with such conditions respectively as are required

ing them col leaort thereof.

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 26. 191

fit laid recited act, and to do, perform, and execute all and ifsh the powers, acts, matters, and things, touching the col jfsing, managing, or accounting for the said rates and duties fe firmed to him or them respectively, within and for his or tjicir district, division, or collection, as fully and effectually as the collector or collectors, or other person or persons appointed ty the commissioners for managing the duties on damped vel ipta, parchment, or paper, under the said recked ad, are iin powered or authorised to do.'

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law ferfoiis farm fid to and for the person or persons so farming the said rates and duties, with the consent of the commissionei's for managing the modeofketp juties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, to vary the ins accounts mode of keeping the weekly account, directed by the herein under J" before recited act to be kept by the several persons who let out j^or^letm*horses to hire for travelling pod, or by time, in such manner as C an€j they shall judge most convenient for keeping the said accounts; persons friu and they shall also be at liberty, by any endorsement, or on the duleotly face of the tickets or certificates to be delivered by them to the several licensed persons, to add the name or number of the di i! Arid which they shall so farm; and that any person forging or counterfeiting the said tickets, or aiding or amfting the rein, or uttering or publishing as true any false, forged, or counterfeited ticket, note, or certificate, with an intent to defraud the said farmer or farmers of any of the said rates or duties, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as other pecuniary penalties are by the said herein before recited act directed to be recovered and applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, provi Power of that lions, articles, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, and all other di

regions, matters, and things, prescribed or appointed by the altered^to hid herein before recited a, with relation to the said rates and continue ip duties, or to the persons appointed or to be appointed to collect! the periods the same, and not hereby altered, shall be in full force and effect, the

and carried into execution by the person or persons farming the du, flame, and appointed collectors thereof by the said of of (lamps as aforesaid, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the lame, and every of them, had severally been re enacted in this as; and the said persons so farming the said rates and duties shall have all and every the like remedies for the recovery of the money payable for, or which shall have arisen from, the said nuts and duties, within their respective districts, divisions, or collections, so farmed by them as aforesaid, as the collectors appointed by the commissioners for managing the duties on (Umped vellum, parchipent, and paper, now are entitled to have.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all securities, bonds, or Bonds from obligations, taken by the person or persons farming the said innkeepers, rates and duties, from such postmasters, innkeepers, or other tb licensed persons under this or the said recited act, shall be taken

to the name of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall majeay, C

and

192

Personi farm

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C.

[1787.

and may be sued and prosecuted in the name of his majesty*kil heirs or successors, by and with the consent of his Majesty's aft torney general in England, or advocate general in Scotland, asi* all actions, suits, or informations, sued or prosecuted for tff penalty forfeited by virtue of this or the said recited act, Jhd and may be sued and prosecuted in the name of his mapj^i his heirs or successors, or in the name of his majesty's find attorney general, or advocate general, respectively, or by aaf person who shall prosecute or sue for the same, in the manor in the said recited act directed: provided, That all actions, ftita» or informations, sued or prosecuted in the name of any suck farmer or farmers, shall be held and deemed to be popubr adiions, suits, or informations, respectively, to all intents aid purposes whatsoever

__________ And be it further enacted by the authority aforefitfi

ing the duties That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons sarto hive the ing the said rates and duties as aforesaid, to have and use At same reine like remedies for the recovery thereof, against the persons ap very thereof" p°*nted to receive the same, by extent or otherwise, which may as for duties be had or used for any duties payable directly to the King's mb

Sayable to his jesty.

lajesty. XIII And, in order to prevent di/putes concerning the said berm

before recited duties, in cases where the same may be collided in m dtflriel, division, or collection, and the tickets may be delivered too Duties to be different di/trict, division, or collection; be it further enacted, The, 25&a0.the the said duties shall belong, and the tickets issued thereupon Out be returned and accounted for to the person or persons respecti tively who shall be the farmer or farmers of the several dutiq aricng within the district, division, or collection where (tick tickets shall have issued, and where the postmaiters, innkeeper or other licensed persons issuing the same shall reside; and it gatekeepers at whose gates such tickets shall be delivered, shall return the same to the farmer of the rates and duties Oral whose district such ticket shall have issued, at the time and it the manner the same are directed to be returned to the (even) collectors by the said recited act.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed^aforesaid, residing in the city of London or liberty of Wtflm* ?h7hadoffice^r> or w*lhin five miles of the head office for stamps, or within for stamps, or the bills of mortality, shall bring in and deliver to the farmer or within the farmers so appointed collector or collectors of the said rates end bills of^mor duties, the accounts directed by the said recited act to be deli Nverto the " vered> and shall pav at such place in London ox Westminster, and farmers of the at such times, as shall be appointed by public notice in the duties the ac London Gazette, by order of the commissioners for managing the cud. on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, the money recited vql ^uc on accounts; and all and every licensed person, not C9redding within five miles of the head office of (lamps, nor within the bills of mortality, shall, at. the times and at the places to be mentioned at the foot of the licence granted to him, her or them,

and

district from whence the tickets are, issued.

Innkeepers, See. within fire miles of

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 27. 193

and afterwards at the foot of every receipt given by the collector for the money paid on account of the said duties, attend, and there deliver in and pafc his accounts, and pay the duty received by him, her, or them, to the person so appointed collector but not to be thereof, under the penalty in the said herein before recited act |^fj5ther directed: provided always, That no such licensed person shall than the be compelled to travel, for the payment of the said duties, far nearest mar there than to the market town neared to his or her habitation, bet town.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons Farmer of farming the said rates and duties, and appointed coiledors ^otevo thereof shall, in pursuance of such appointment, be disqualified members of from voting at any election or elections of members to serve in parliament, parliament; any law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That no contract for letting the duties Duties not to

herein mentioned to farm, shall be made with any person or be farmed by persons licensed to let horses for the purpose of travelling port, Vt nor to any one for his or their use, or on his or their behalf, or C

so as that he or they shall have any interest therein, or benefit

therefrom, but that the same (if so made) shall be utterly null and void; and that if any such contract shall be assigned to any person or persons as aforesaid, or 10 any other person or persons for his or their use, so that he or they shall have any interest therein, or benefit therefrom, that such assignment shall also be utterly null and void.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any dause, matter, or thing herein contained,

General issue

such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and gift the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or Treble costs, them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs

CAP. XXVII.

had far allowing the importation and exportation cf certain goods, wew, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la mr, Montego Bay and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port ef Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence one of the Bahama islands9 tinier certain regtijptions and rejlrift'tons.

WHEREAS by an act made and passed in the sixth year of Preamble, the reign of his present Majesty\ intituled An act forfeiting opening, and establishing certain ports in the island of Jamaica 6 and Dominica; for the more free importation and exportation of C certain goods and merchandizes; for granting certain duties to defray the expenses of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving

14 Gcd. J. C 41; and a 1 Geo. 3. c. 19.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 27.

[1 jtf.

such ports; for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island of Dominica into this kingdom; and for securing the duties upon goods imported from the said island into any other Brhish colony; and by two several acts, made and passed in the fourteenth and twenty first yean of the reign of his present Majesty, the several ports of king^ofl» Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay and Santa Lucea in the ijuni of Jamaica, are now open for the free importation of certain net and merchandise: and whereas it is expedient that the said acts jmi be repealed, in so far as the same in any wise relate to the importation or exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandise, to or from tk aforesaid ports, or any of them, or to the admission of any hips 0 vessels into the said ports, or any of them, or to any duties payable such importation, exportation, or admi/fon; and that thofy ports, uk gather with the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada and the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and the poet of Nassau in the island of New Providence one of the Bahama i/knit % flsould be opened under proper regulations and restrictions: may tt therefore please your Majesty that it may be'enacted; and bek enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with At advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and con mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the audio Sept. X rity of the same, That the said several acts made and passed i cued acts to"^sixth, fourteenth, and twenty first years of the reign of be repealed, as his present Majesty, shall, from and after the first day of Sep far as they re tember one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be, »late to the im the same are hereby repealed, in so far as the same in any wise' exportation rc*atc to the importation or exportation of any goods, wares, 6t I of goods to merchandise, to or from the aforesaid ports, or any of them; of to the admission of any ships or vessels into the said pom, or any of them, or to any duties payable on such importation, exportation, or admission.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'and from that That, from and after the said first day of September, wool, cor the ar tonne wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all sorts, cocoa, logwood, 'enumerated ^U^IC> an forts wo°d for dyers use, hides, flrins, and tal of the growth low, beaver, and all sorts of furs, tortoise shell, hardwood, or of any colony mill timber, mahogany, and all other woods for cabinet wart, in America horses, asses, mules, and cattle being the growth or produfkoo before?ctigeu any co^onies or plantations in America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or (late, and all coin and builion, diamonds, or precious stones, may be imported from any of the said colonies or plantations into the several ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Qfontego Bay and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, the^ort of Roseau in the island of Dorn* foreign Euro nica, and the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence one exceed of the aiawia island, in any foreign (loop, fehooner, or other ^by^eflel whatever, not having more than one deck, and not ex then. ceeding the burden of seventy tonnes, and being owned andtia

vigated by the subjects of any foreigo European sovereign or r*flitcj

or from the ports therein mentioned, dec.;

ropean state, may he imported into the ports herein mentioned, In one decked

17*70 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C

fine; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstand

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said first day of September, no goods, ant articles wares, or merchandise, except fuel) as are herem before enu ^roted merated, shall be imported in any such foreign Hoop, schooner, Should be im or ydfel, whatever, from any of the colonies or plantations in ported into America belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign Eu any of the said Tspeem sovereign or (late, into any of the before mentioned ports, upon any pretence whatever, upon pain of forfeiting the same, co be together with the (loop, schooner, or vessel in which the same forfeited.

shall be imported, and the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture of such sloop, schooner, or vesselj and in every such case the same shall^nd may be seized by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs or navy, who are or shall be authorised or empowered to make seizures in cases of forfeiture, and shall and may be prosecuted in such manner as herein after is directed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the said Rum, negroes first day of September, to export from any of the said ports to g?^ds any of be colonies or plantations in America belonging to or fa, except*under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or (late, masts, C in ny sloop, schooner, or other vessel whatever, owned and may be ex' navigated by the subjects of any foreign European sovereign or ^e^fd^orts state, not having more than one deck, and not exceeding the burden of seventy tonnes, rum of the produce of any British reigncolonica iflaod, and also negroes which shall have been brought into the in America, m hidifhnds respectively in british built ships, owned, navigated, one decked and registered according to law, and all manner of goods, wares, ^an^ffd" or merchandise which shall have been legally imported into the not exceeding hidiflaods respectively, except masts, yards, or bowsprits, pitch, 70 tona burr tar, turpentine and tobacco j and also except such iron as shall hen. have been brought from the British colpnies or plantations in America \ any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any doubt shall arise whether such The legality goods, wares, or merchandise, intended to be so exported, shall of the impor life been legally imported into the said islands of Jamaica, Gre uky Dominica, and New Providence respectively, the legality of proved before loch importation shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the exportation, collcdor and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs at the port of exportation, before such goods, wares, or merchandise shall be suffered to be shipped for exportation.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of September, all The articles wool, cotton wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all sorts, cocoa, herein enu logwood, fustic, and all sorts of wood for dyers use, hides, skins, and tallow, beaver, and all sorts of furs, tortoise shell, ma from Jamaica, hogany, and all other woods for cabinet ware, of the growth or See. to Great ptodu&ioa of any of the colonies or plantations in America, be Britain or Ire

02 longing and under

lie regulars of II r. 2. C 18; and 13 ar. a. C 26; da o Geo. 3. > 10.

'if any goods; of the growth, See. of Europe, the eft Indies, C be exported from Grenada, Dominica, or Bahama, to any British colony in America, or the West Indie*, they are forfeited, with thevcfleis, C

No duty or see to he taken at Jamaica, C for any entry of foreign vessels, on penalty in fluffed by 5 Geo. 3. c. 45.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 27.

[I] longing to or under the dominion of any foreign Evropm\ vereign or (late, shall be allowed to be exported from the' islands of Jamaica Grenada, Dominica and New Provu spectively, to Great Britain or Ireland, under the rules, tiens, restrictions, securities, penalties and forfeitures, larly mentioned and provided in an act of parliament, the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, 1 tuled, An act for the encouraging and encreofing of hipping vigation; and in another act of parliament, made in the t second and twenty-third years of the reign of King G Second, intituled An act to prevent the planting of tobacco in, land, and for regulating the plantation trade; and in ai of parliament, made in the twentieth year of his present fly's reign, intituled An act to allow the trade between and the British colonies and plantations in America and the Indies, and the British settlements on the coaf of Africa, to ried on in like manner as it is now carried on between Great and the said colonies and settlements; or in any of the said a respect to the goods, wares, or merchandise therein eaui or described.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority said, That, from and after the said first dy of Septi goods or commodities whatever, of the growth, produi manufacture of Europe, or the East Indies, or other pi yond the Cape of Good Hope shall, upon any pretence wl be exported from the islands of Grenada or Dominica, or the Bahama islands, to any other British colony or plantati America, or the West Indies, upon pain of forfeiting such or commodities, together with the ship or vessel in whs same shall be so exported, and the guns, tackle, apparel furniture, of such ship or vessel; and in every such case same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of customs or navy, who are or shall be authorised and impon so make seizures in cases of forfeiture; and shall and prosecuted in such manner as herein after is directed.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority said, That no duty of gunpowder, nor any fee or reward1 ever, shall be demanded, taken, or received, by any offid officers whatever in the said islands of Jamaica, Grenada, ft nica and New Providence respectively, for any entry, coqf clearance or passport, for any foreign ship or vessel, or for goods, wares or merchandise, imported into or exported! the said islands respectively, in such foreign ships or vessels, der the like pains and penalties as are inflicted upon ofi exacting or receiving greater fees than are allowed by act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty \ An act for more effiftually fauring and encouraging the I of his Majesty's American dominions; for repealing the inlanii oh coffee impofei by an act made in the thirty second year of his majesty King George the Second, and for granting an inland M all coffee imported, (except coffee of the growth of the British h

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 28.

mm in America) 5 for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon ffigars exported; far repealing part of an act made in the twenty mrdyear of his said late Majesty, whereby bar iron made in the aid dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or car read csaftudfe; and for regulating the fees of the officers of the tujloms in the said dominions.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ail penalties and forfeitures imposed by this at shall and may be respectively pro see u ted, sued for, recovered, and divided. in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, or the [fie of Man, or in any of his majesty's colonies or islands in America, in the same manner and form, and by the same rules and regulations, in all respects, as any other penalties and forfeitures imposed by any act or acts of parliament made for the security of the revenue of the custoras, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, or for the regulation of trade or navigation, and which were in force immediately before the passing of this act, may be respective/y prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle of Man, or in any of his majesty's colonies or islands in America

A. And it is hereby further enacted, That this act shall continue in force to the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament,

CAP. XXVIII.

In 08 for granting to his Majesty certain duties on glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the mode of charging the duties on glass made in Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain duties Should be granted on glass imported into Great Britain from the European dominions of the French king; in order to countervail the internal defies payable on the manufacture thereof in this kingdom; and also certain additional duties on glass imported from other parts, and that further provision Should be made for charging the duties on glass made in Great Britain; we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aftem bled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be en tsted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice apd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his hein and successors, over and above all other duties due and payable upon all glass which shall be imported into Great bri fan directly from any of the European dominions of the French

p3

How penalties are to be recovered and divided.

act to continue in force to Sept. 1, 1792, and to the end of the next session.

Preamble

From May io, 1787, the fol lowingduties are to be paid on the importation of glass, over and abovethepre* sent duties

*9$ Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 4§.

[1787.

king, or from any other place whatsoever, the several inland duties following; that is to say:

For every For every square foot, superficial measure, of French plate fauare foot of giafsj which shall be imported as aforesaid, the sum of one hil guf8^8?5dc. ns an five "Pence halfpenny; and foin proportion for aq.*greater or Idler quantity:

Foreverycwt, For every hundred weight of French flint glass, or Frinth ^f^re&chflint ename^> Gained, or paste glass, or French phial glass, which (hill g a 9, C 1. nr, ported as aforesaid, the sum of one pound and nine MI9# lings; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity;

Foreverycwt. For every hundred weight of ftehch fpredd window aft, f<fn?hf commonly called Broad Glass which shall be imported as atore 83?xd5a89 re sum crght Shillings and one penny; and Sfo id 'proportion for any greater or Tester quantity:

Foreverycwt. For every hundred weight of other French window glass (not of French being spread glass), whether fla(hed or otherwise manufadhired, crown, or an(] commonjy called or known either by the name of Gretok glassti^s.iod. Glass or of German Sheet Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the sum of nineteen Shillings and ten pence; and so id proportion for any greater or lesser quantity: for every cwt. For every hundred weight of French bottles (not being phials)

offrenchbot which shall contain more or less than a quart, which shall bfe ties, 48. od. imported as aforesaid, the sum of four Shillings and one half foreverycwt. Penny and so m proportion for any greater or lesser quantity: of plate glass, For every hundred weight of plate 'glass, and all other glaft or other glass manufactures, npt otherwise particularly epum'erated or deferib not otherwise C which shall northeast imported as aforesaid, the sum of one pound C*and eight Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or Duties to be lesser quantity; the said several duties upon glass to be paid by paid by the the importer thereof before the landing thereof, importer.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively.

Duties to be parried to the consolidated fund.

b7Qco.3x.13.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties by this act imposed as shall arise in England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the management of the commiflibtier* of excise in Scotland for the time being.

I'll. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties hereby granted shall be carried to, and made part of the fund called The Consolidated Fund, created by an a made in this session of parliament, (entitled. An aflfot repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom \ and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the parent of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), and shall be issued and applied to the same uses

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. a8.

and purposes as the duties which constitute the said fund are directed to be issued and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, there shall be paid the following drawbacks for and upon all glass which shall be made in Great Britain and exported as merchandise to foreign parts; that is to lay,

for every square foot, superficial measure, of plate glass, which shall be made in Great Britain from, materials or metal or other prepartions for which the duties by the said above recited a ft, made in this session of parliament, imposed in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the sum of one shilling and five pence halfpenny j and lo in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:

For every hundred weight of flint glass, or enamelled, stained, or paste glass, or phial glass, which shall be made in Great bri tain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the said act, made in this session of parliament, imposed in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the sum of one pound and nine Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity: For every hundred weight of spread window glass (commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glass) which shall be mode in Great Britain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the said act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the sum of eight Shillings and one penny; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:

For every hundred weight of all other window glass, (not being spread glass), whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Gkfsy or of German Sheet Glassy which shall be made in Great Britain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the said act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the fam of nineteen Shillings and ten pence; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:

For every hundred weight of common bottles, (the same not being phials), and of vessels made use of in chemical laboratories, and of garden glades, and of all other vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal, which shall be made in Great Britain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the said act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the fom of four Shillings and one halfpenny; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity;

Which said drawbacks shall be paid and allowed out of the duties of cxctfe by the said act made, in this session of parliament

Q 4 imposed,

From May 10, 1787, the following drawbacks to be paid on the exportation of glass made in Great Britain, viz.

For every square foot of plate glass, is. d. aq.

For every cwt.

of flint glafij, C si. 9*.

For every cwt. of broad glast, 8s. zd.

For every cwt. of crown or German heet glass, C 19s. xod.

For every cwt. of common bottles, 48* od. aq.

How drawbacks are to be paid.

209*Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 28. Xf^7*

imposed, under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, contained and provided in and by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to limit a lime for the repaymat of the duties on male servanti and carriages by the commissionenf excise; and also on horses, wagons, wains, and carts by the commf sioners of Jlarqps i ond for the amendment of several laws relating t the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise), Concerning the exportation of glass.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the duty of excise, now chargeable and payable for or in respect of any materials or metal or other preparation! made use of in Great Britain, in the making of cast plate gwi, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at and after the rate of one pound one shilling and five pence half

every cwt. of penny per hundred weight for all cast plate glass which shall he roade^great mac*c n Great Britain, and which shall be squared into plates Britain of the a superficies not less than one thousand four hundred and eighty-five inches, and of a thickness according to their superficies, as herein after mentioned and described.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Of what pro That the thickness of all such cast plates of glass shall be as plorfi°nicjfown herein after is mentioned; that is to say. Ten twentieth partial - an at t^c jeaft in thickness if the superficial conteot of such plate shall be six thousand one hundred and forty fovea square inches, and upwards; nine twentieth parts of an inchat the least in thickness, if the superficial content of suchpute shall be under six thousand one hundred and forty seven, and not less than five thousand two hundred and fifteen fqoate inches; eight twentieth parts of an inch at the least in thicknest, if the superficial content of such plate shall be under five thousand two hundred and fifteen, and not less than four thousand two hundred and eighty-two square inches; seven twentieth parts of an inch at the least in thickness, if the superficial content of such plate shall be under four thousand two hundred and eighty-two, and not less than three thousand three hundred and fifty square inches; six twentieth parts of an inch at the least in thickness, if the superficial content of such plate shall be under three thousand three hundred and fifty, and not less than two thousand four hundred and seventeen square inches; and five twentieth parts of an inch at the least in thickness, if the superficial content shall be under two thousand four hundred and

In lieu of the present duty of excise, there shall be paid at the rate of il. is. id. iq. for

dimlntions herein described,

plate glass mu ft be iq thickness to }ts superficial contents.

seventeen, and not less than one thousand four hundred and eighty five square, inches.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

hrtentioti to That anc every maker and makers of cast plate glass shall, draw cast before he, she, or they shall begin to draw any cast plate glass plate glass out out of his, her, or their annealing arch, give to the officer of of the anneal Cxcise, under whose survey such maker or makers shall then be, Ilf ento the X ours not, CC in'writing, within the limits of the chief office officer, cof excise in London, and twelve hours nqtiqe in writing in otl^r - places

aot

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C

places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention to draw my aft plate glass out of his, her, or their annealing arch; and such officer shall attend to see such cart plate glass drawn out of the annealing arch; and such maker or makers shall immediately, on any such cast plate glass being so drawn out of the annealing arch in the presence of such officer, proceed to square all such oft plate glass; and such cast plate glass, immediately 00 the lame being so squared, shall, together with the cullett arising from the squaring thereof, be weighed in the pretence of such officer; and if any such maker or makers shall begin to draw from his, her, or their annealing arch, any such cast plate glass without giving such notice as is in that behalf hereinbefore directed to be given, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds: provided al Penalty oa ways, That if any such maker or makers, having given any such nfg, ed* notice as aforesaid, shall not begin and proceed to draw out of such his, her, or their annealing arch all the cast plate glass by him, the her, or them then intended to be drawn out of such annealing annealing arch at the time mentioned in such notice, or within one hour arch within after such time, then such notice shall be void; and such maker one hour of or makers shall give the like and a fresh notice to such officer of the time when such cast plate glass is intended to be drawn notice, it it from such annealing arch. void.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such maker or makers shall neglect or refuse to If glass be not square in the presence of such officer, any such cast plate glass Squared and immediately on the same being so drawn out of the annealing jjcfai? direct arch, or shall neglect or refuse to weigh any such cast plate glass e(j, the officer immediately on the same being squared, together with the cul to charge the let arising from the squaring thereof, in the presence of such duty thereon officer as aforesaid, such officer shall, in each and every such Tdffa case, charge such maker or makers with a duty of excise at and for every cwt! after the rate of one pound one shilling and five pence half of the mate penny for each and every hundred weight of the metal, materials; rials, and other preparations made use of in the making of such cast plate glass.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time any plate or plates of cast plate glass, toge at which rate there with the cullett cut off in squaring such plate or plates, be is to make shall not weigh two thirds of the gross gauge weight which the the^mscrials materials or metal, or other preparations from whence the same crerycafe shall be produced, gauged in the founding or melting pot or where the pots, after the same was or were skimmed, the deficiency shall plates do not be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently conveyed away 5 and it shall and may be lawful to and for the officer, under ^jghtof whose survey such maker or makers shall be, to charge such such mate maker or makers for the quantity so being deficient with a duty rials, of excise at and after the rate of one pound one shilling and five pence halfpenny for every hundred weight of the metal, materials, and other preparations made use of in thp making of Such cast plate glaf§.

ibi

All cast plate glass not squared into plates, to be broken into small pieces, on penalty of 50l.

If cast plate glaft be removed before th duty is charged, the maker to forfeit 50l. and the glass.

An account to be kept by the maker of the watte of the materials in making thp sorts of glass herein enumerated, from

July i, 1787, till Jan. r, 178s, &c.

Duties to be raised, &c. as directed by any asti now

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 28.

[178

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th all and every maker and makers of cast plate glass shall ban into small pieces, to the satisfaction of the officer of excise upd whose survey such maker or makers shall be, immediately up being requeued so to do by fueft officer, all call plate and cullett which shall not be squared into plates according tod directions of this act, so as to render such glass and cullett usl for any purpose but that of remelting; and if any such make or makers shall neglect or refuse so to do, he, she, or they flu! for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pound

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tl no maker or makerfc of cast plate glass shall remove, carry, send away, or fuller to be removed, carried, or sent away fro the glasshouse in which the same shall be made, any cast pla glass by him, her, or them made, until the proper officer & have taken an account thereof, and the duty imposed for or respect thereof shall have been duly charged upon pain of fa feiting the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and a such glass which shall be removed or sent away contrary tod directions of this act shall be forfeited, together with thepackaj containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any offic or officers of excise.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority afordai That every maker or manufacturer of any plate, flint, doaou stained, or paste glass, or of spread window glass, common called Broad Glass, or of window glass, (not being spread giafr whether flashed, or otherwise manufactured, commonly cal) Crown Glass or German Shut Glass, or of common bottles vessels made use of in chemical laboratories, or of garden glafl or any other vessel or vessels made of common bottle metal, lha from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundr and eighry seven, and until the first day of January which (h be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred eighty eight, keep an exact and distinct account of the real wi of all materials, metal, or other preparations, which shall froi time to time arise or be incurred in the making or manufaa* ing any of the sorts of glass herein before enumerated; and th within six weeks after the first day of January one thousii seven hundred and eighty eight, such maker or manufactui shall transmit a copy of such account to the commissionert excise in England and Scotland respectively; which account (h be verified upon oath by such maker or manufacturer, or ' or her chief workman or servant, before any one or more of said of respectively, or before the collector or sup visor of excise of the collection or difirict in which such mat pr manufacturer shall reside.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesai That the several and respective duties by this act imposed (ha from time to tiope, be raised, received, levied, recovered, ai secured, by such ways and means, and under such managemed and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with fu$h power

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 29. 203

of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with in force con such other powers, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, cerning the ruses, and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, n as by any act or acts of parliament slow in force concerning the ul8, C duties imposed for or in respect of the materials, metal, or other preparations k made use of in the making of glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing a drawback upon glass, is directed or pnescribed; and that the said act and acts, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein contained, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the said duties To imposed, for or in respect of the materials or metal, or other preparations made use of in the making of glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing any drawback upon glass, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying, the duties upon cad plate glass by this act imposed, as fully and effectua 11y9 to all intents and purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and re enacted in this act.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against limuation any person or persons for anything by him or theip done in actions, pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be hid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give General issue. this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demprrer or otherwise, th$k such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Treble costs. plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for obviating objections to the competency of witnesses in certain cases.

Preamble;

WHEREAS by diverse acts of parliament pecuniary penalties inflicted for certain offences, or parts of such penalties, are directed to be applied for or to the use of the poor of the parishes

uwnshipsy or fllaces^ within which such offences were committed: end whereas, m diverse of such cases, the parishioners or inhabitants of [mb parishes, townships, or places, are not admissible witnesses to provt the perpetration of such offences within such parishes, townships, ir platesy by reason whereof it has been found difficult to bring offien dm to justice; be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual 'and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem*

Wed, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after From Aug. 1,

' f rooalp the 1787, the in'

204

habitant of any place to be a'competent wjtocfs to prove an offence, though the place may be benefited by the conviction of the offender.

unless the penalty exceed sol.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 30, ['78

the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the inhabitants of every parish, township, or place, (ha be deemed and taken to be competent witnesses for the purpoi of proving the commission of any offence within the limits o such parish, township, or place, notwithstanding the penalt incurred by such offence, or any part thereof, is or may b given or applicable to the poor of such parish, town ship, o place, or otherwise, for the benefit or use, or in aid or exoneration of such parish, township, or place.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aftkt said. That nothing in this a contained shall extend to an action or proceeding in which the penalty or penalties to be rc covered shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds

CAP. XXX.

An act for laying additional duties upon licences to be talen out I persons dealing by retail in spirituous liquors.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

From July 5, 1787, the following additional duties to be paid on licences for retailing spirituous liquors, viz.

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional duties jbsuu i paid by all persons who shall take out licences to deal by ret in spirituous liquors, we, your majesty's most dutiful and loya subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may b cnadtedj and be it enacted by the king's most excellent ms jedy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritw and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affctd bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and aft the fifth day of July, one thpqfand seven hundred and eighty seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unt and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, th several and respective Turns following, for and upon all licena to be taken out annually, in manrier herein after mentionec by all persons who shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors drong waters within Great Britain; that is to say.

si. 8s. if the Every person who shall retail any distilled spirituous liqooi

relit of the reor drong waters within Great Britain, shall (over and b !?[*» any licence or licences to which such pettfon was liab

& be nd r any

ijv. Un Cr at an immediately before the eleventh day of May, one thoi sand seven hundred and eighty seven) take out a licence, aa pay for the same the sum of two pounds and eight Shillings, the dwelling house in which such person shall reside, or rcu such distilled spirituous liquors or drong waters at the time taking out such licence, shall not, together with the office courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated, undi the authority of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reig of his present Majesty for imposing duties on inhabited house. at a relit of fifteen pounds per annum or upwards: at. 16s. if If such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, di »eidun* yards? gardens, therewith occupied, be rated a aforesaid

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 30.

at fifteen pounds per annum or upwards, and under twenty pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as dbrdaid, and pay for the same the sum of two pounds and six tteo Shillings:

If (bch dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, 3!* if the yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid j^mder* at twenty pounds per annum, or upwards, and under twenty-five pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of three pounds and four Shillings:

If such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, jl. ns. if ajl yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid and under jot at twenty-five pounds per annum, or upwards, and under thirty pounds, then such person or persons (halktake out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of three pounds and twelve Shillings:

If such dwelling house shall, together with he offices, courts, 4l. if 30l. and yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid un<icr 4ot at thirty pounds per annum, or upwards, and under forty pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of four pounds:

If such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, 4l. if 40u yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid and under jot at forty pounds per annum, or upwards, and under fifty pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of four pounds and eight Shillings:

And if such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, 4l. ids. ifjol courts, yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as orupwar(, i aforesaid at fifty pounds per annum, or upwards, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the lame the sum of four pounds and sixteen Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall take out such licence as aforesaid, shall immediately pay down one eighth part of the money hereby directed to be paid for such licence so to be taken out as aforesaid, and shall, at the end of every six weeks, to be reckoned from the time of taking out such licence, pay down another eighth part of the money to be paid for such licence until the whole of the money hereby directed to be paid for such licence shall be paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them for the time being, shall, from time to time, appoint for that purpose; and the said several and respective duties shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London \ but if any such licence shall be

taken

Mode of paying for licences.

Who are to grant licences, and to whom the duties for the same are to be paid.

o Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 30. [1787.

taken out in that part of Great Britain called England not within the said limits, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the fevera) collectors and supervisors of excise, within their respective collections and districis; and the said severs! and respective duties shall be paid for the same to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be lo granu ed; and that in case any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the h?nds and seals of two or more of the commissionere of excise in Scotland for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or the major part of them for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that purpose; and the several and respective duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh \ or if any such licence shall be taken out in that part of Great Britain called Scotland without the said limits of the city of edm burgh, then the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their respective collections and districts; and the feverel and respective duties for the same shall be paid to the colleger of excise within whose collection such licence shall be (b granted; and such respective commissioners of excise, or two or more of them respectively, and the persons so to be appointed bf them respectively, or the major part of them respectively, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant such licences to the perioot who shall apply for the same, upon payment of one eighth part of the money hereby directed to be paid for the same, in manner herein before directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid» Licences to That no person or persons shall retail any diddled spirituoos

be renewed liquors or strong waters, after the expiration of twelve months

yearly. from the tjmc Of taking out any such licence as aforesaid, unless such person or persons shall take out fresh licences, in the manner hereinbefore directed, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months from the time of taking out such former Persons re licence, and foin like manner from vear to year j and that if tailing spiri any person or persons shall, after the said fifth day of July, one without! t^0u^ncj seven hundred and eighty seven, retail any difished cence, or not spirituous liquors or firong waters, without fird taking out such paying the licence, and renewing the same yearly, in manner aforesaid $ for the or if default shall be made in payment of any sum or sums of felt 100? fr" money hereby directed to be paid for any such licence, the person or persons in that behalf offending shall, for every inch offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds: provided al one licence ways, That persons retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong fuffiaent for Waters, in partnership in one house or (hop only, shall not be so^one^ouse. obnged to take out more than one such licence, in any one year, Licence not or retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters; and to authorize that no one licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this

the sale of a, shall authorise or empower any person or persons, to whom

liquors in any m u

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 30.

me shall be granted, to retail distilled spirituous liquors g waters in any other place than the houses or places n he, she, or they, did retail distilled spirituous liquors ng waters at the time of granting such licence., for the better colle fling, raising, levying, and feinting, its ij this act imposed upon licence: as aforesaid, be it further d by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties t charged upon such licences in England, Wales, or the of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management of and officers of his majesty's revenue of in England for the time being; and such of the said duties charged upon such licences in Scotland, shall be under the jement of the of and officers of excise in scot it Ac time being.

r And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, Kh, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, t in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign iggkrfcj the Second, (entitled, An act for taking away rt wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights, and purveyance, and for settlingm revenue upon his Majesty thereof;,) or by any other law now in force relating to his ty'a revenues of excise, or inland duties under the ma mt of the commissioners of excise, are provided, settled, Waved, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levy lohcfsing, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, ertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for tting, detesting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions escribed by this act, shall be exercised, practised, applied, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, ig, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recoil, and paying the several duties hereby granted, as fully fednally, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every id powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penal forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particularly, ted and again enacted in this present act.

L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act, be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways, s, and methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or tie sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law its of excise, or by action of debt, plaint, or information, lyof his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the tofexchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety ery such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, tears and successors, and the other moiety to him or them Avail discover, inform, or sue for the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t all the money nrifing by the duties by this act imposed licences as aforesaid (the necessary charges of raising and

accounting

207

other house than the one for which it wai granted.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively.

Powers of any acts now in force relating to the revenues of excise to extend to this act.

hovj penalties are to be recovered and divided.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to

208 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1787.

the consoli accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time be dated fund, paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster * and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made part of the fund calied, The Consolidated Fund

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforelai^ Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against actions. any person or persons for anything by him or them done i pursuance of this acts, such action or suit shall be commeocei within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or do General issue. fendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pals for tig defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendant Treble costs. shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for making allowances to the dealers in foreign wines for fie pek of certain foreign wines in their possession, at a certain tim, upon which the duties on importation have been paid; and see amending several laws relative to the revenue of excise.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in this session of parliament,

[»7 Geo. 3. c. 13.]

intituled An act for repealing the several duties of caaoou recited, and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; and six applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; and for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or mann facture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt 5 the duties of excisey and aether duties under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, except as therein is exceptel, arercpim, and other duties are imposed in lieu thereof: and whereas the dntitt upon several species of foreign winey which were repealed by the Jell CL were considerably higher than the duties by that act imbejed k lieu thereof: and whereas it is expedient to make to the dealers dt foreign wine an allowance for such Portugal, Spanish, and Frcndt wines which shall be in their flocks between the ninth and fifteenth days of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seveny and see which all the duties payable for or in respect thereof shall be proved t lave been duly paid; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it

ijfyo Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. 209

shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise Out of the ib England and Scotland respectively, or the major part of them duties on so iwpedively, within the fimifs of the chief offices of excise in rfikn union and Edinburgh respectively, and for the collectors of ex [recited rise in any other part of Great Britain within their respective act, are robe tfolk&ions, to pay, out of the moneys in their hands arising paid to the front the duties of excise upon foreign wine, by the said a dealers in de in this session of parliament imposed, to any dealer or heir^ockbe aalers in foreign wine, for such Portugal Spanish, or French tween May9wine as shall be in the (lock of such dealer or dealers respectand is, the tffdy, between the said ninth and fifteenth days of May, and sum follower which act she duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall in flx# be proved to have been paid, the several sums of money following; that is to say.

For every tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of French of French wine, having been imported into the port of London, wine important! which shall be foin (lock, forty-nine pounds and four CD into the n+nsm. port of Lon

pcuvc« j

For every tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons p'494*of Portugal or Spanish wine, having been imported into the port osport^jal or of London, and which shall be foin (lock, fourteen pounds nine Spanish wine

Shillings and ten pence: so imported.

For every tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two gal Ml*

of French wine, having been imported into any port of For every tonne Great Britain, except the port of London, and which shall be of.french fe m (lock, forty-eight pounds seventeen Shillings and three

other port

For every tonne containing two hundred and fifty two gal than London, tonne of Potngal or Spanish wine, having been imported into 481- 3<1,

iny port of Great Britain, except the port of London, and which f?£c*cry !on staff be fb in dock, twelve pounds eighteen Shillings and eight spfnift^win^ pence. _ so imported,

ill. is. 8d.

II. Provided always, That no such dealer or dealers shall No allow kave or be entitled to any such allowance, unless he, she, or anccstobe they shall apply for the same to the said commissioners of excise paid unlefo tdtadively, it such dealer or dealers shall respectively reside before July within the limits of the chief office of excise in London and Edin I7g7> C jir^respectivety, or to the respective collectors of excise within the collections or districts respectively in which such dealer or deedert respectively (hatl reside out of the said limits, before the fifdi day of Jufy one thousaftd seven hundred and eighty seven, by a petition in writing, dating therein the amount of the allowance claimed by such dealer or dealers, and the several sorts and qtftfttmes of wine respectively for or in respect whereof such aflotrance is chimed, and from whom the same was received, and that the fane is the foie and entire property of such dealer crdators; to Which petition shall be annexed an affidavit, made '

wdfribrn by one or more of the petitioners, before any two or more of the said commissioners of excise respectively, or before the

for unless a certificate be produced, that the duty of customs had been paid

Jfo dealer to

a io Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. fiy

the coredor of excise of the collection or district wherein petitioner shall be resident, verifying the particulars and dated in such petition, (and they the said commission Collectors of excise respectively are hereby authorised powered to administer the oath herein directed); and ev son who shall be convicted of making or taking a false any of the fadis herein directed or required to be fwort be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be liable to the pa? penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and perjury.

III. Provided also, That no such allowance as afore be made to any such dealer or dealers, unless, at the making such claim, he, she, or they shall produce to commissioners of excise, or to the collectors of excise, a cate under the hand of the proper officer of the customs, certificate the said officers are hereby directed to grant see or reward, certifying the duty of customs to have ' for such wine which certificate shall be made out in ft the like form and manner, and such affidavit shall be. thereon, as are used and practised in order to obtain the back for wine shipped for exportation

IV. And be it further enacted, That no such dealer or be entitled to foan be entitled to any such allowance until one mon' until a°mortth such b.c. presented to the said commut

after applica collectors of excise respectively, nor unless the said com tien, nor un ers or collectors respectively shall be satisfied that all left his (lock for such wine have been fully paid; nor shall any such exceed a tonne. ance^macje to any such dealer or dealers whose flock foreign wine, between the said ninth and fifteenth days shall not exceed the quantity of one tonne, reckoning tww dred and fifty-two gallons to the tonne, and five repu bottles to a galion, for all such wine as shall be in but if the flock of such foreign wine of any such dealer or shall exceed two hundred and fifty-two galions, com aforesaid, the said allowance in such case shall be maj upon the excess of such foreign wine, after deducting two hundred and fifty-two gallons.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the allowances by this act directed shall be paid to the L entitled to the same by four equal payments; the second payments to be at the end of three months, the third th: the end of six months, and the fourth thereof at the end mouths, from the time of the first payments being made vided always, That in case any such foreign wines, for return of part of the duties may have been claimed in [ KS of this act, shall be entered and shipped for exportation, as for wine manner and within the time prefer!bed by law, such wine be entitled to such and the like drawbacks only, and no as if the same had been imported after the tenth day of 7 thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, according at drawbacks are respectively ascertained and set forth in the

Allowances to be paid at four equal payments.

If such wine be exported, the drawback '

imported after May 10, «7 87.

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. ail

doles and tables annexed to the said recited act passed in this prefcm fertion of parliament; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding,

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or officers of excise shall at any time or times If any excels discover or find that the quantity of French red wine, French j fud^in white wine, foreign red wine, (other than French red wine), or* dealer foreign white wine, (other than French white wine), in the flock js forfeited', of any dealer or dealers in foreign wine by retail, added to the and also dou quamity for which permits shall have been granted since the last Wc hs value. Account was taken bf such dock, and also to the quantity or quantities sold, sent out, or consumed in small quantities under three galions, since such last account was taken, and for which proper entries shall appear to be made in the book directed to be kept for entering therein such wine as shall be sold, contained, or sent out in small quantities under three galions, according to the directions of an acfc made in the twenty sixth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act for repealing certain fafies now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in Hen thereof to be collected under the management of the commissioners of excise, exceeds the stock left in hand on the taking of such hft account, added to the quantity of such wine since received by permit, the quantity of wine so found in excess, by whatever liquor the same shall have been made, and whether the same (hah be mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, shall be deemed and taken to be made by foreign wine for which no duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such dealer or dealers, without permit, and a quantity, equal to the quantity of wine so found in excess, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and taken by the officer or officers rf excise who shall discover the same, from and out of the said stock or stocks in which such quantity of wine shall be found iaexcess; and the person or persons in whose stock such quantity of wine so found in excess shall be discovered or sound,

shall also forfeit double the value of the quantity of wine so found in excess.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said of or collectors of excise respectively Allowances shall not, from time to time, have sufficient moneys in their ma Pai<* bands respectively arising from the duties upon foreign wine, to excise duties pay the said allowances, then, and in every such case, it shall ifthofeon # and may be lawful to and for the said of and col foreign wines ledors respectively to pay the same out of any other moneys in jb°uldbc their hands arising from the duties of excise, or any duties underufficient* the management of the commissioners of excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within thirty days next after the master or purler, for that Within 30 voyage, of the ship or vessel wherein any French printed, stained, days after painted, or dyed callico, muslin, linen, fluff, fvrftian, velvet, veflvlvring^Velveret, dimity, or other figured fluff, (other than such as shall \ng French be dyed throughout of one colour only), or French beer, ale, or cafiicoes,

p2 mum, «ntry of the

lit Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1787.

poods to be mom, for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is imposed wade with by the said act, made in this session of parliament, shall be m of excise C Porlec* or brought >nto this kingdom, shall have or ought to on penalty of h*ve made a just and true entry or report, upon oath of the their being burden, contents, and lading of such ship or vefle!, in purftl

forfated. ance of the directions of an act, made in the thirteenth and

fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Ab jcflyxs cvfomsy the proprietor or proprietors, importer or i porters, consignee or consignees, of any such goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities, shall make due entry with the col icftor of excise in the port or place where the same shall be lb imported, of all such goods, wares, merchandise, and coramo* dities respectively on board of such ship or vessel, belonging to such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee or consignees, specifying in such entry the number of calks or other packages, with the particular numbers and marks of each of them, containing any such goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities; and shall then, and before the landing of any such goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities, satisfy and pay the duties of excise by the said act imposed for or in respect of such goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respectively; and shall also, within such thirty days, land all Ml goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respectively; and if such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee or consignees, shall neglect or refuse to make due entiy, or to pay such duties, or to land such goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respectively, the same, together with the calks and packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

If goods are

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That before an goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respecthdy, paid, they arc or or 'n wl*ereof any duty of excise is by the said a6,

forfeited, made in this session of parliament, imposed upon the importation thereof into Great Britain, which shall be unftitpped, landed, or delivered from or out of any ship, vessel, or boat, bcfait the duties by the said act imposed thereon respectively shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid, shall be forfeited and lost, together with the packages containing the same; and such goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respectively, and the packages containing the same, shall and may be seized by an? and the per officer or officers of excise; and if any person or persons fluh Ions aiding unship, land, or deliver, or cause or procure to be unshipped, cefvrrrg\<hem* anc or delivered, or be aiding or assisting in the unlhippng, forfeit treble landing, or delivering, from or out of any Slip, vessel, or boat, their value, any such goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities, before the said duties of excise by the said act imposed for or in respect thereof shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed, any such goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, or AMI receive into his, her,

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. 213

or their hand, cullodjf, or padeflioo, any such goods, ware, merchandise, or commodities, so unshipped, lauded, or deli void a aforesaid, he, she, or they knowing the fain to have beta So unshipped, landed, or delivered a aforesaid, such per toa or perfoot, and each and every of them, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose treble the value of such goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respectively, to be estimated according to the belt and highed rate and price which goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities reflectively of the hest quality of that kind shall sell for in London at the time when such forfeiture shall be incurred.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners of excise respectively, or the major commission part of them respectively, shall provide proper

framea to denote r of esse the measure of French printed, stained, painted, or dyed calli frametto^e coes, mudint, linens, stuffs, fudians, velvets, velverets, dimi note the meatier, and other figured stuffs, which shall be imported into Great fureof French Britain directly nrom any of the European dominions of the calicoes, C French king, and for which the duties of excise, by the said at aiade in this session of parliament imposed for or in respect thereof, shall have been paid) and shall also provide proper Mo r Ramps for marking such callicoea, muffins, linens, duds, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured duffs; and shall cause the said frames, and deals or damps, re speffively, to be distributed to the respective officers of excise, w the several purposes herein after mentioned; and the said frames, and feaui or damps respectively, or any of them, shall or ay he altered or renewed from time to time, as the said respective commissioners, or the major part of them respectively, shall think fit. '

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bid respective officers shall, with one of such frames, Calicoes, C from time to time, frame mark at each end thereof, each and to j evsy piece of al) such calicoes, muffins, linens, duff's, fudians, nj

whets, velverets, dimities, and other figured duffs, which with a stamp from rhyme to time, be imported as aforesaid, and for to denote the hkli the duties of excise, by the said al imposed in respect p»yent f tbthos, shall have been paid, to denote the measure thereof; the duty and bail also, in like manner, with one of such damps or seals.

Amp or seal each and every piece of all such calicoes, muffins, fiaens, stuffs, fudians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other Spued duffs, to denote the payment of the duty of excise by the hid a imposed for or in respect thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whosoever shall counterfeit any Persons frau frame which shall be provided in pursuance of this act, or shall dulently ceunterfeit, forge, or referable the impression of the same upon any printed. Rained, painted, or dyed callico, muffin, linen, frames, C duff, fudian, velvet, velvcret, dimity, or other figured duff; to forfeit Of shall knowingly have in his, her, or their custody or possess 10°l fen, any printed. Rained, painted, or dyed calucn, muffin,

p3 uh a

214 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. f 17s7.

linen, stuff, fustian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured fluff, having thereon the impression of a counterfeit frame, made to resemble the impression of any frame which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties by the said act made in this session of parliament imposed for or in respect of printed, stained, painted, of dyed ealliedes, muslins, linens, stuffs, fustians, velvets, vclverets, dimities, or other figured stuffs, every person so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

[Persona frau

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge soy duientiy stamp or seal to resemble any stamp or seal which shall be pro

ir vc or maen pursuance of this act, or shall counterfeit or

fuffe/death: resemble the impression of the same, upon any printed, stained, painted, or dyed callico, muffin, linen, fluff, fustian, velvet, velverer, dimity, or other figured fluff, with intent to defraud his majeay, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties by the said acfc made in this session of parliament imposed far or in re spetft of printed, stained, painted, or dyed calicoes, muffins, linens, stuffs, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or ocher figured stuffs, every such person (o offending, and being therarf convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony and shall fufter death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clerey.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid and personi That if any person or persons shall tell any callico, mttfiin, selling calli ]jnen, fluff, fustian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured

with counter fr or n ^0* whereof any duty of excise is by the ft it stamps, act passed in this session of parliament imposed, with the impret* ftibjea to the fion of any such counterfeit (lamp or seal thereon, knowing the )ce punish same tq be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Mane "jesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties by the said act

imposed for or in respect of printed, stained, painted, or dyed calicoes, muslins, linens, stuffs, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured stuffs, all and every fuel) offender and offenders, their aiders, abettors, and assistants, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

On oath of a Thar, upon oath made by any credible person or persons, that credible per he, she, or they has or have re a (on to suspect or believe that houses of any Frenck printed, stained, painted, or dyed callico, muffin,

persons fuf linen, stuff, fustian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured petted to have stuff, for which any duty of excise by the said act, made in this in their pot session of parliament, imposed in respect thereof ought to have

cov*°n&c. un been s or b.c. n custody or possemon of any stamped, may draper or other person or persons trading or dealing the rein, or be fearcied, of any person or persons for the use or account of such draper or other trader or dealer, for file, without having thereupon

2IJ

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3 r.

such mark or stamp, as is by this a required to denote the payment or charging of the duty by the said act, made in this session of parliament, imposed for or in respect thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise, or any two or more of then), within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or my two justices of the peace in any other part of the kingdom of Great Britain, from time to time to issue their respective warrants or orders, thereby authoring and requiring any officer or officers of excise (with the assistance of a constable, or other officer of the peace) in the daytime, to search for the same, and to open doors, trunks, chests, and packages, and to seize such goods, together with the packages containing the same, and to carry away the same, In order that the same may be lawfully condemned, and that every such warrant and order shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any printed, stained, painted, or dyed callico, muslin^linen, fluff, fustian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured j"

fluff, which ought by this or any other act or acts of parliament any place, now in force, to be marked or sealed with a stamp or Tea! to de except slipped note any of the duties by the said act, made in this session of fr «cporu parliament, repealed, or thereby imposed for or in respect there footed as by, to have been duly paid or charged, shall be found in any aif0 zooi* place whatsoever, except on board ship for exportation, without being marked or sealed with a stamp or seat denoting that such duties have been duly paid or charged, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and the person or persons in whose custody or possession the same shall be found shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds

XVII. And tubereas, for many years now last pajl, spirits have bttn taken and estimates9 by the officers of excise, to be of the different degrees of strength at which they have upon trial been denoted to be kj certain kind of hydrometers known by the name of and commonly tolled clarke's Hydrometers: and whereas it is expedient that the different degrees of Jhrength of spirits Should be taken and ejlimatei if hydrometers of the most accurate conjlruflion9 and that proper ex ptrinents be made for that purpose, and that some provision Should be node for regulating the mode of estimating the frength of spirits, until fotb experiments shall have been made; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That, until the fifth day of April ooejhoufand seven hundred and eighty eight, all spirits ^llbe*3 shall be deemed and taken to be of the degree of strength at deemed of the which the find hydrometers, called clarke*s Hydrometer, shall, strength de upon trial by any officer or officers of excise, denote any such 5°tc5* bt. (jam. to be.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no entry which shall be made by any chandler, or maker Entries of of candles, of any melting house, workhouse, warehouse, tore m*kers of hoose, (hop, room, or other place whatsoever, eithervfor the Adeemed fluking or keeping of candles, or for the melting or keeping any withdrawn P 4 wax, while any

216 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. [ 17s7.

duty remains wax, tallow, or other materials.proper bp made into candles,

unpaid, cor of any coppeff kettle, pot, furnace, or other vessel or uteitfii whatsoever, for the melting of wait, jtallow, or other materials, to be made into candles, or of any mould or moulds, or other utcndl whatsoever, for the making of candles, hall be deemed or taken to be withdrawn, whilst any duty shall be depending and unpaid by such chandler or maker of candles; or any cop? per, furnace, or other utensil, shall be (landing in any such melting house, workhouse, warehouse, (lorehouse, (hop, room, pr other place.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Makers of That every maker of soap, shall, when and as often as hail soap to weigh thereunto requested by any officer or officers of excise under for making w^ole survey such maker of soap shall he, before he or she (hah the same be charge his or her copper or boiler with any materials for oaak* fore the offi ing of soap, weigh, in the presence of such officer or officers, all cer, CC on the rosin, tallow, grease, or other materials (except lye) with penalty of which fgch maker of soap shall next charge Jbis or her copper

50*boiler; and all such rosin, tallow, grease, or other materials,

shall be put into the copper or boiler, in the presence of tmk officer or offrcer$, upon pain of forfeiting, for every refuseter nealedl thereof, thexum of fifty pounds,

4 3. C

XX. And whereas by an act made in the twenty-fourth year j

XI reeked, his present Ataiefiy's reign intituled An act for laying additional duties upon all candles, (except wax and (ptrmaeeti Canute), and for more cffcctually fccusing the duties upon candles; k yoas eoaflfd9 That oil and every the officers efexdfe jhrnund times by day or by night be permuted upon His cr their reyuefl* U enter into the house melting house yjarebmft* er aether place wtuu foevtr* belonging to or used by any person or per font who after Ae first day of August onethousandfeyen hundred and eighty four*fimd be a wafer or makers of any candles whatsoever and by weighing er tale of the candles, or otherwise as to such officer jbeuu fern met proper and convenient to take an account of the candles which fhum have been made by such maker or makers of candles from timett time, in like manner as such officers might then do in the day tonne: and whereas the said recited clause has in same measure been seed inconvenient to the makers of candles be it therefore enacted by the Officers not authority aforesaid, That it shall not he lawful for any of the to enter the officers of excise, upon request, (between the hours of eleven t candle makers ad five in the morning, without the presence of acaufta

trom u at hie, or other officer of the peace), to enter into the boat, night to 5 In melting house, warehouse, or other place whatsoever, belonging the morning to, or used by, any maker or makers of any candles, unie&aoy peace'officer maeror makers of candles frail have any court er

except in the making of candles unfinished, or in operation, or (halibut in fiances any legal notice depending of his, her, or their intention to herein men make any course or m?king of candles between the hours of tioned. eleven an*j five as aforesaid, or shall have made any preparation for making any course or making of candles; in each and every of yvhkh cases, all and every the officers of excise frail, stall

tiffitfj

217

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31.

lines, by night, be permitted, upon his or their requdt, to en m into die house, melting house, warehouse, or other place whatsoever, belonging to, or used by, any maker or makers of cudles, and by weighing or tale of the candles, or otherwise, as to inch officer shall seem most proper and convenient, to take an account of the candles which shall have been made by such anker or makers of candles, from time to time, in like manner sotfbch officers may now do in the doy time.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of candles shall, at his, Candle make kr, and their own expense, find, provide and affix good and finings to /uffider.t fastenings to all and every furnace, copper, pan, or theirfitniacc*, other utensil, by him, her, or them ufedrfor the melting of wax, C ijpermaceti, allow, or ocher materials proper to be made into candles, such fastenings to be approved of, in writing, by and under the hands of the respective surveyors or supervisors of ex xtfitof thcdjrifion or district in which such maker or makers foali reside; and also covers, with proper fastenings, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every dipping mould, which any such maker or makers shall have if) his, her, or their custody or pof fcffieo; and each and every such copper, pan, or other utensil, to be locked (hah be secureiy looked, fattened, or sealed, by the officers of by the officer, exsifa under orhofe survey such maker or makers respectively Jkatf, from time to time, be, as soon as any melting of wax,

(ptiqiicni, tallow, or other materials proper to be made into candies, shall be finished; and every such dipping mould, with itecover thereunto affixed, shall, in like manner, be secureiy locked, fattened, or sealed, by such officers, as soon as the dipping of any court or making of candles shall be finuhed; and such maker or makers shall, in like manner, at his, her, and and to provide their own expense, provide a proper, convenient, and secure*Place room, place, chest or chests, with good and sufficient fastenings, thei^o«uup to be approved of and provided as aforesaid, affixed thereto, for by the officer, tfopurpose of locking up and securing all moulds which may be oude use of in the making of mould candles, in the custody or possession of any such maker or makers; and such moulds dull be locked up, sealed, and secured, by such officer, in such seoes, place, chest or chests, when and so soon as the same shall eerie to be tried $ and when any such maker or makers (half be Notice to be mrous^o liaht fire under any such copper, pan, or utensil, or ?f the

to have the furnace dopr thereof opened, or to have any such light copper copper, fan, utensil, or dipping*mould opened, or to use any fires, C to faefi moulde proper to be made use of in the making of mould the officer, sandier, such maker or makers shall give to the officer of excise, ttofarwhofe survey he, she, or they shall then be, six hours notice, to writing, if such maker or makers shall regde within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, twelve hours notice, in writing, if he, she, or they shall reside in any market sawn in any other part of Great Britain, and twenty-four hours police, in writing, if he, she, or they shall reside in any other fan of Great Britain out of a market town, of his, her, or their

' 1'ivv

2l8

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31.

[1

so being desirous to light fire under any such copper, pa utensil, or to have the furnace door thereof opened, or tmi any such copper, pan, utensil, or dipping mould opened! use any such moulds proper to be made use of in the aiakl

who is to at mould candles; and upon such notice being given, such tend at the shall attend at the time mentioned in such notice, for th

time raen p0fe specified in such notice, and shall unlock and open a]

the^fire be* doors, coppers, pans, or other utensils, as the case may rd not lighted and if any such maker or makers shall nege& or refuse

within an (ire under any such copper, pan, or utensil, within om

kour her after the doors thereof shall be opened by such officer, C

cwne^freflf neg*e<^ or refuse to proceed to make use of any such C notice to be pan, utensil, dipping mould, or other mould, within oa

shall be void, and such officer shall again, immediately ai expiration of such hour, lock up, falien, and leal each ant such door, copper, pan, or other utensil and dipping with the covers thereunto affixed, and shall in like manm up, seal, and secure, such other moulds, in manner asia and such maker and makers shall give the like and a fresh

If sufficient in writing to such officer; and if any such maker or mai fattening to can(jies (gall neglect or refuse, at his, her, or their own ex be^ot^r*0* to And, provide, or affix, good and sufficient fastenings to vided, or of every furnace, copper, pan, or other utensil by him I fleers are ob them used for the melting of wax, (permaceti, tallow 01 stru&ed in materials proper to be made into candles, or to find, pros ing^hem^c! axe Efficient wooden covers, to be approved of as aft the offender to every dipping mould which such maker or makers fha

their own expense, to provide a proper, convenient, and room, place, chess, or chests, with good and sufficient fastcc to be approved of as aforesaid, affixed thereto, for the px of locking up and securing all moulds proper to be made.i in the making of mould candles, in the custody or possessl any such maker or makers $ or to pay for any locks, kcji other necessary fastenings, which shall be provided by an] veyor or supervisor of excise'to the directions el act; or if any person or persons shall refuse or hinder any 0 or officers of excise, or any person or persons by him or X employed in that behalf, from fixing such locks or fasteg in such manner as the said officers shall judge most cffe&u answer the purposes by this act intended; or in locking. Cm or securing the same; or shall open any such furnace, co pan, utensil, dipping mould, or door, after the same aiau J been locked, sealed, fattened, pr secured, as aforesaid, befell same shall have been unlocked and opened by the officer oj cife; or shall wilfully break or damage any such lock, fed fattening, every such maker or makers, or other person or; Ions, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the of one hundred pounds.

And be it further enacted by the authority afore

given. after the same shall be opened by such officer, then fuel

to forfeit in his, her, or their custody or possession; or, at his

inn I .1 r ________

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. 219

That if at any time there shall be on the premiffs, in the cu If mould

My or poffdfion of any maker or makers of candles, any are loc^fif Mould or moulds proper to be made use of for the purpose of slakertofor asking mould candles, not locked up^and secured as is in that feit tool, khik herein before directed, unless after due notice given as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, every such maker or makers shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And whereas by an act, made in the twenty sixth year ef6 3* C

Ksfrejent Majesbfs reign, intituled An act for better securing the 5t>recited* dudes on (larch; and for preventing frauds on the said duties, it

was enofltd, That, from and after the end of three months after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty juy alljlarib not being stamped as by the said act is directed, and all hest forth exceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds in weight, end all ferapings of Jlarch which Should be found in the possession of anyftarch maker, or of any other person for the use of such maker or dealer, or that Should be found removing or removed by land or by water, should be forfeited, and might be seized by any officer for the jeid duties, together with the chef, cask, Jack, or other package contesting the same, and the boat or vessel, horses or other cattle, wag jm, cart, or other carriage, made use of in removing the same: and whereas it was intended that allforth not being fanned as be the said Mis directed, and all loose startb exceeding the quantity of twenty ngbt pounds weight, and all ferapings of startb which Should be found.

in tie peffession of any dealer in startb, should be forfeited; be it cn grec u&ed by the authority aforesaid, That all (larch dot being able to the tomped as by the said act is directed, and all loose (larch ex recited act, aeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, and all loose arch scraphigs of (larch which shall be found in the possession of any tgl^amf torch maker or dealer in (larch, or of any other person for the (craping of use of such maker or dealer, or that shall be found removing or jlarch found removed by land or by water, shall be forfeited, together with jj1 thepoflef thechest, calk, sack, or other package containing the same, and dealer, or Ibe boat or vedel, horses or other cattle, wagon, cart, or other removing, to carriage, made use of in the removal thereof, and shall and may be forfeited, be fared by any officer or officers of excise.

XXIV. And whereas by an act made in the twenty sixth year of s6 Geo. 3. C tit reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating 4°» rcciled» the production of manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent practises in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and

in the clandestine relanding of goods, it was provided that beer cxparted should be subject to certain regulations and restrictions in the recited act contained: and whereas it is expedient to provide that hue exported shall be no longer subject to the provisions of the said act and te be it therefore enacted, That none of the powers, provifkms, lations therein and regulations, contained in the said act, shall extend, or be not to extend deemed or construed to.extend, to the exportation of beer, butto*cll that beer shall and may be exported according to the laws which 5?awback«,

me in force at and immediately before the time of passing the con which, said act; and that all drawbacks and bounties which would have as would have heat due or payable for or in respect of any beer which has been>con duc

exported^paid.'

220

Officers of the excise may adiqinifterthe necessary oaths on the exportation of goods entitled to drawbacks or bounties.

The powers

in force on passing 14 Geo. C 38, to extend to the securing the duties thereby repealed;

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1787.

exported to foreign parts since the first day of August one tboi» sand seven hundred and eighty*cx, if the said act had not ban made, shall and may he paid and allowed in the same manat as the same would have been payable or allowable if the act had not been made; anything in the said act contained to dm contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas by the said for regulating the

of manifefis, ter tun taibs are required to be taken by ptrfmerdp

export to foreign parts from Great Britain any goods whoteue % which art intitltd either to drawback or bounty upon exportation: at

whereas no power is given by the said ail to the collegers teeth officers of excise, in cases where any goods intended to drawback or bounty are subject to any duty of, or tinder the management of the said excift fc

to odminifiettbo said oaths required to be taken by the feud

is expedient that fitch powerflsould be given', be it therefore Mphi

by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any goqdsifc tended to be exported upon drawback or bounty shall be fefcrt to any duty of excise, or other duty under the managensnuf the cotrwnissioners of excise respectively, the relpc&ivcoad* required by the said act to be taken upon the exportation ifamt of, shall and may be taken before the respective eollcdob^er other officers of excise, appointed for that purpose, who is Mi are hereby authorised to administer the same.

XXVI. And be it further declared and enacted, That alllli powers, authorities, methods, rules, dirpdions, regulations, pp

n.ahies, forfeitures, provisions, clausee, matters and tbism which in and by an act made in the tenth year of the reign at his late majesty King George the fira, entitled.

pealing certain duties therein men, payable upon too,

coconuts, chocolate, and tocoa p, imported', and for groan,

certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the import (ion of chocolate ready mode, and cocoa; and far hotter afeatn* ing tie duties payable upon coffee, and tocoa imported', at

for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl of Camwath; <* any other act or acts of parliament relating to the duties upas coffee or coconuts in force at the time of the passing ofsaaft made in the twentyrfourth year of his prafent majesty's aeigh, intituled An act for repealing the several duties granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and eifo fitted duties on inhabited houses; and upon the importation of seta not pad coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excise an

Contained, provided, settled, or established, for managing, dn (efsing, rafsing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mki» gating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the duties thereby ua posed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishingfraudsrdstfag thereto, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, in fullfowt, to all intents and purposes, for the managing, assessing, raisisq levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, a taining, enforcing, or securing the said duties thereby repaid, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds relating

(hereto s

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31., 221

thereto; and the same powers, authorities, methods, rules, di and also to regions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, tvc duties natters, and things, shall be and continue in full force, and be Of excise im driy observed, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, posed in the throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, in and for the ma prefeot session

3ing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, ad ondcoc2a nuti png, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and recuring, the* 00 find farcral duties of excise by the said act made in this leflion ef parliament imposed for or in respect of coconuts and coffee respectively, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds rating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and pur fries, as if the said powers, authorities, methods, rules, di rtdioqs, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, natters, and things, had been expressly infer ted and re enacted in the said list mentioned act, or in this act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Every barrel bid, That every barrel of French beer, ale, or mum, which shall j^r<^h.m he imported into Great Britain directly from any of the Euro ported, Cto be ri dominions of the French king, shall be deemed and taken deemed to tv be thirty-six gallons English beer measure, within the mean contain 36 iagof the said act made in this session of parliament. gallons.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Rum of the said, That all rum or spirits of the growth, produce, and ma British plan flnfadure of the British fagar plantations in America, which, C ^me^ca1 Ae tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty warehoused ftvea, shall be in any warehouse or warehouses in which the on May to, lame shall have been put, fabjed and according to the rules, 1787, maybe regulations, restrictions, and provisions contained and provided *2ent ri? in an act of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign the duty im of his late majesty King George the Second, concerning the posed tnefedd boding of rum or spirits of the British fagar plantations before this prefeot payment of the duties of excise, and lodging the same in ware fcfla°n» kwfes, and which shall from and after the said tenth day of be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses respectthrfy, shall not be fubied or liable to any higher duty of excise than the duty of excite upon rum, spirits, or aqua vitae of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, imposed by the said act made in this session of parliament, of the same degree of fitngth as such rym or spirits which shall be so delivered out of seek warehouse or warehouses respectively, nor shall anything ivaefeid ad, made in this session of parliament, extend, or hi deemed or construed to extend, to repeal any of the said mbs, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, but the same shall faeand remain in soil force.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Thai in lieu and instead of the duty of excise, at and after the n raze of twenty pounds and fourteen Shillings for every one hun o^noitcnu (m pounds of the true and real value of every sort or kind of merated pa pvpcr which shall be made in Great Britain, and not enumerated per by7geo. and described in the five tables of the schedule marked (F.), 3- C3» annexed to an act, made in this session of parliament, entitled, a An

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. [iflp

An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said fattest together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, she produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the french dingy into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed momma remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, tfc there is to be the reduction of the national debt; and which is by the said paid asfol ipiposed, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and u wt eessors*

For every sort, pot above the large ft size of the nearest of the same kind enumerated in the tables, the duty of the paper nearest above in size and value to such sort; and for every sort above the largest size of the nearest of the same kind and weight, a duty in pro

Sortion to its ze

For every fott or kincf of piper which shall be made in Great Britain, not enumerated and described in the said tables, and not being above the largest size of the paper neatest of the same sort or kind enumerated in the said tables, the duty by thefiid imposed in respect of paper made in Great Britain whktl shall be nearest above in size and value to such, sort or kind of paper; and for every sort or kind of paper which shall be mads in Great Britain not particularly enumerated and described pt the said tables, and being above the largest size of the paper nearest of the same sort, kind, and weight enumerated intkr said tables, a duty in proportion to such size, estimated according to the duty imposed by the said a for or in respectuf p^per made in Great Britain nearest of the same sort, kind, and vught, and of the size nearest below such sort or kind; fa duties to be raised, levied, collected, and paid by such perfbtf and persons, and in such and the same manner as the dutiestf lieu whereof the same are hereby imposed.

Geo. 3. C

XXX. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty sixth jeer ef 64, recited, his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to discontinue, sort limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon lo wines and spirits, and upon worts, wah, and other liqoerf there used in the diilillation of spirits; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof, it is, among other things, enabled, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousandfem hundred and eighty six, there should be charged and paid to his Mb jefiy for and upon every gallon English wine measure of the capacity or content of each and every fill, including the head thereof, which Should be used or employed for the making of low wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tills, cyder, or perry, or other wash or liquor modi or brewed from any sort or kind of British materials, or any rmxturt with the same, the yearly sum of one pound ten billings fierling; and for every gallon English wine measure of the capacity or content of each and every Jiill, including the bead thereof, which Should be ujtl or employed for making low wines or spirits from melasses or fair, or any mixture therewith, the yearly sum of two pounds ten jhiumii fierling; and for every gallon English wine measure of the capacity or content of each and every still, including the bead thereof \ which Should be used or employed for making low wines or spirits from foreign ref used wine, or foreign cyder, or wa/b prepared from forego

materials.

21$

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32.

h, (except melajfts and sugar), or any mixture therewith, the jxm of three sounds flirting: provided that there be at the zt Beevfed, as the said act directs, with every wash still, or 'we fill, or spirit Jitll, of a content or capacity not left than one y the content or capacity of such wash flilt: and whereas it'\ by the said act, that two feverat flills, that is, a wash 'a lew wine flitlyshould have been ticenjed together by the said aore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That! be, at the same time, licensed with every wah still, vine still or spirit still, of a content or capacity not less one fourth part of the content or capacity of such wah,

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this all, bed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways, or methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of torbyafiion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any y's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of rin&vfiwrespectively; and that one moiety of every penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, or4iie for the lame,

L And be it further enacted by the authority afore t if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced my person or persons for anything by him or them pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be com within three months next after the thing done, and shall in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants such action or (bit may plead the general issue, and give and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had -; and if afterwards a verdictc shall pass for the defend codams, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, neot shall be given against him, her, 'or them, upon ror otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such or plaintiffs.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore at this act shall commence and takeeffect, as to all such and things therein contained in respect whereof no commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and cly after the first day of June one thousand seven hun m.d. eighty seven.

CAP. XXXII.

for moling further proviftom in regard to such vejfeh as are uukrly described in an act made in the twenty-fourth year of reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual preven n 6f smuggling in this kingdom, and for extending the aid to other vejjils and boats not particularly deftribed therein \

for

With every wafii still there must be licensed a low wine or spiric still, of not less than one fourth of iu contents.

How penalties are to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of adtiona.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Act to commence from June 1, 1737.


[Preamble.]

*4 Geo. 3. c. 47» recited

224 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32.

[17s

r 4^ A Carrier on in which wine or oil is it

for laying an additional duty ott foreign geneva itttporu taking iff the duty on ebony the growth of Africa import^this kingdom \ and for amending several lows relative to they ntte of customs

WHEREAS by an act made and passed in the tun year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, the more effectua) prevention of ftmiggling in this kii _ it it, amongst other things, enacted, That all vesselt bdonghgfl whole or in part, to any of his Majestfs subjects, called 0 Luggers, Shallops, or yvherries, (of what built soever \ belonging as aforesaidi of any other descripiiun, whejel are clench work, unle/s they shall be square rigged, or fitted i with jlanding boltjprits, which bail be found witbtn the djlance in the said act described, ball bo forfeited, together the goods, if any, which shall be laden theredn, and ah, tackle, and furniture: and whereas it is expedient that fut viftons Should be made in regard to such vejffeu as an parties stribed in the before recited act, and that the said rented aft J extended to other vessels not timing or Jolting under the i ' futb vessels and boats as, in the said before rented aft, larly mentioned and described; be it therefore enacted by moult excellent majesty, by and with the advied and the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tl parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fai from and after the first day of June on thousand seven I and eight y seven* in case any cottar, logger, shallop, sloop, smack, or yawl, belonging in the whole or in par^l of his Majesty's subjects, shall be found within the limitti of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues i coasts thereof, having abowfprrt which (half exceed ini snore than two thirds of the length of such cutter, lop, wherry, sloop, smack, or yawl, from the forepart < stem to the act side of the stern post aloft (whether shall be a standing or a running bowsprit), every fbcht fogger shallop, wherry, sloop, smack, or yawl, with j guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, feited, and lhah and may be seized by any officer or < the custoras or excise.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid! such" C owller or owner f every Ship or vessel belonging 1$ \

"said, shall paint, or cause or procure to be painted, opr

outside of the stern of every boat belonging to such ship fel, the name of such ship or vessel, and the port or pin. which (he belongs, and the matter's name within gdeof j 1 8 transum, in white or yellow Roman letters, not less tbsftj inches in length, on a black ground, under the pain off fog every such boat, and such boat shall and may be f*any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

nf.

From June X 1787*any cutter, C

belonging to his Majesty's subjectj,

found within four leagues of the coast, whose bowsprit exceeds two thirds of the vessel in length, to be forfeited.

Names of

vessels to be painted on their sterns, dec. on penalty of oei forfeited

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32* 225

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the owner or owners of any boat or boats not belonging Boats not hero any ship or vessel, shall and are hereby required to paint, or Jhavc

cause or procure to be painted upon the stern of every such boat, namei^ in white or yellow Roman letters, of two inches in length, on a C painted black ground, the name or names of the owner or owners of on their such boat or boats, and the port or place to which such boat be longs, under pain of forfeiting every such boat which shall be forfeited if found within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or sound within within four leagues of the coasts thereof, without having the four leagues name or names of the owner or owners of such boat or boats of the coast. so painted as aforesaid, and such boat shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs of excise.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, Ad not to ex or be conftroed to extend, to forfeit any cutter, lugger, (ballop, tc^, to ay wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, nor any vessel or boat whatever in Jcrvlce of hit the service of his majesty's navy, victualling, ordnance, customs, Majesty's excise, or pod office, nor any cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, navy, C (loop, smack, or yawl, nor any vessel whatever, the owner or owners of which shall have a licence for navigating the same from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the of of the admiralty for the time being, agreeably to the rules regulations, and conditions of the said herein before recited act, with respect to certain vessel and boars therein mentioned, nor any lighters or barges used solely in rivers or inland navigations.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If Teflds bav

in case any cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or ina licence yawl, or any ship, vessel, or boat whatever, for which there shall a^j.

have been obtained from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, belound out or the of of the admiralty for the time being pur of the limits suant to this act, or the before recited act made in the said thereof, they twenty-fourth year of his present majesty's reign, a licence LI ay be seized, mi ting or confining the navigation or trade of such cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, or such ship, vessel,

or boat, to and from or within any particular port or ports, place or places, and such cutter, lugger, (ballop, wherry. Hoop, smack, or yawl, or such ship, vessel, or boat shall be found in arty port or place other than that to and from, or within which (he shall be so licensed to navigate or trade, such cutter, lugger,

shallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, and such ship, vessel, or boat, shall and may be seized and prosecuted in the same manner as (he might be or would have been in case of no licence having been procured for her.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained unlefe it be shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any such cut made appear ter, lugger, shallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, or any such riven thett^ ship, vessel, or boat, which shall be found in any port or place out by distress other than that to and from, or within the limits of which (he of weather, shall be so confined or limited to navigate or trade, in case it

shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of the of

is Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32. [1787.

of the customs, that such cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, of such ship, vessel, or boat, was driven or forced thither, by unavoidable necessity or distress of weather.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Licencestobe That the matter or commander, or other person having or tak pmduced to ing tjjc charge, command, or care of any cutter, lugger, hal revenuewho* P wherry, Hoop, smack, or yawl, or of any ship, vessel, or shall board boat, which by this actt, or the before recited a<tt made in the suchveflels twenty-fourth year of his present majesty's reign, is or arere within four qujrcci to be licensed as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby re coagftcother e <iu*rd to produce such licence to every officer or officers of the wife the vessel customs or excise, who shall board them within the limits of any maybefeized. port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coasts thereof, on the same being required by such officer or officers; and in case any such matter or commander, or other person having or taking the charge, command, or care of any such cutter, logger, shallop, wherry, sloop, smack, or yawl, or any such ship, veflbl, or boat, shall not have such licence on board, or shall not produce such licence to any officer or officers of the customs or excise requiring the same, as before mentioned, or if the licence is produced to the officer of the customs or excise, without an endorsement thereon, that the proper security has been given to the collector of the port to which such cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, sloop, smack, or yawl, or such ship, vessel, or boat shall belong, it shall and may be lawful for such officer or officers to seize such cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, or such ship, vessel, or boat, and the same shall be forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

vessels seized That all and every cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, (loop, smack, may be dif or yawl, and all and every ship, vessel, or boat, which shall be

erceable to C aec* by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall be disposed of,

recited act. and the produce thereof applied in such and the like manner,

and under such and the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, as vessels and boats forfeited by the said herein before recited act "are directed to be disposed of, and the produce thereof applied.

IX. And whereas, by an act passed in the seventeenth year of the s7geo»3. c. 39; reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several rates and duties upon glass, imposed by an a made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lien thereof; and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons, and bodies politic and corporate, having certain quantities of silver plate; it was, amongst other things, enacted, That there Should be raised, levied, colie ft ed, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties therein expressidy upon all glass imported and brought

m

IV

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32227

into the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas, by another aff passed in the twenty-fifth year of his aid present Majesty's reign intituled An act to repeal the duties upon flasks in which Florence and 15geo $. wine and oil is imported; to permit the importation of wines in C recited; final! calks for private use; to revive, continue, and amend To much of an act, made in the sixteenth year of his present majesty, as allows the exportation of certain quantities of wheats and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; for disallowing the drawback on the exportation of snuff; for continuing the permission to land rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise; for reviving and continuing the premiums upon the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine, from East Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a bounty upon the exportation of silk gauzes, and a drawback upon the exportation of raw silk; the said recited act was repealed, so far as the same related to charging duties upon the flasks only in which wine or oil, of the growth of the dominions of the great duke of Tuscany, Should be imported: and whereas it is expedient that all fiasks, in which any wine or oil ball or may be import nothing

td, Should be admitted to entry without payment of any subsidy, custom, another »&, or other duty whatever; be it therefore further enacted by the to extend to # authority afore Paid, That nothing in either of the said recited the charging acts, or in any other act or acts of parliament contained, shall with any duty extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or impose any duty whichwineor whatever upon any flasks in which wine or oil shall or may be oilftiallbeim imported into Great Britain, from and after the first day of June ported after one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven Junc lb

X. And whereas the officers of his Majesty's customs are now authorised, in cases where the contents of packages imported into this kingdom from foreign parts are not particularly described and set forth in be report of the mafier of the vessel, to open and examine such packages: and whereas it is expedient that the said officers Should, in like manner, be authorised to examine, and, if necessary, to bring to his Majesty's warehouse at the custom house for that purpose, any bale, taji, case, trunk, pareel, or other package whatever, reported for exportation for the purpose of examining the contents thereof \ in order as ouch as possible to prevent the fraudulent unshipping or landing the same in this kingdom on the outwards of such vessel from this kingdom; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of June one thou From June I, sand seven hundred and eighty seven, where the mailer, or other Hhe persons having or taking the charge or command of any ship or customs may vessel, shall report any bales, casks, cases, trunks, pareels, or open all bales, other packages whatever, for exportation, in the same ship or con board vessel, whether the contents of such bales, casks, cases, trunks,

pareels, or other packages whatever, shall be mentioned in such pa^gei for report or not, M shall and may be lawful for any officer or offi exportation cers of his majesty's customs to open such bales, casks, cases, hare been re irunks, pareels, or other packages whatever on board such ship ported, See.; or vessel so reported, and examine the contents thereof, or to bring them on shore to his majesty's warehouse for the port

where

but not to extend to vessels coming from Alia, Africa, or America.

ft6geo.3c. 40.

recited.

and the manifests therein required shall, for ships within the limits of the ea(l India company's charters, be delivered to, and authenticated by the person who shall deliver the last dispatches; and for ships from China, by the company's chief supercargo there.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32. [1787.

where such report is made, if it shall be necessary; such officer or officers shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified in so doing, and shall not be liable or subject to any action for damages, or other prosecution or suit whatever for the same: provided nevertheless, that this act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship or vessel coming or arriving from any port of Acts* Africa, or America.

XI. And whereat by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of bit present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for regulating the production ot manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent practises in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of goods; it was (amongst other things) enacted, That, from and afttr the times in the said at mentioned, to goods or commodities Should be imported or brought into Great Britain from any port or place whatsoever in parts beyond the seat, in enj ship or vessel whatever belonging, in the whole or in part, to his Majesty's subjects, unless the master, or other person having or tiling the charge or command of every such ship or vessel respectivtlj importing such goods, Should have on board a manifest or manifefu, or content or contents, in writing, signed by such master or other person, and 'containing the particulars in the said act mentioned; which foii manifest was to be delivered to, and authenticated by, such person os therein is mentioned: and whereas the mode directed by the Jaii 08 for authenticating manifests is not applicable to the case of ships bringing goods from the East Indies and China; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in respect to ships dispatched from any ports or places within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Ecjl Indies, the manifests and contents in the said recited a ct mentioned shall be delivered to, and authenticated by, the person who shall deliver the Uft dispatches for each ship respectively bound for Great Britain, who is hereby required to be a servant of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, of not less than seven years Banding; and in respect to ships dispatched from any ports or places in China, such manifest or contents shall be delivered to, and authenticated by, the said united company's chief fupn cargo there, instead of the officers of the customs, or other persons in the said recited act mentioned; and the said manifests, and duplicates thereof respectively, shall be dealt with and used in like manner, and shall be of the like force and effect the manifests and duplicates in the said act mentioned; and in case of the want thereof, or not conforming to the tiles, regulations, and directions, relating thereto, in the said recited id contained, the offender or offenders shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as are provided in the said recited act respecting the manifests or contents directed to be delivered to, and authenticated by, the persons in the said act mentioned.

XII. And whereas several foreign built ships or vejfeh have hen seized and condemned in the British West-india islands for illicit trade, and now lie there undisposed of, such ships or vejjeh not being

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32. 229

jauable^ and there not being any law to authorise the disposal thereof in any other way; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the of commission of his Majesty customs in England for the time being, or any cr8 of the cuf four or more of them (if they shall think fit) to diredfc the hull res^he^ull" of every ship or vessel which shall have been, or which may of any veflei hereafter be seized and condemned in any of the colonies, plan seized in tations, islands, or territories to his Majesty belonging in america or the west Indies, for any illicit trade or commerce, to be tj£8 n" broken up, and the materials thereof sold to the best advantage, broken up, and the produce of such sale shall be accounted for and applied and the roate by the coludlor and comptroller, or other principal officers ofria*8 f°w» the customs in whose custody such ship or vessel shall be lodged and secured, in like manner as the produce of ships or vessels seized and condemned in the said colonies, plantations, islands, or territories respectively, are now by law directed to be accounted for and applied.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Thar, from and after the hrfl day of June one thousand seven From June t, hoodred and eighty seven, all goods which have been seized, 1787, all seized and are now in his majesty's warehouses, or which shall here after be seized, by any officer or officers of the customs, and fort they are condemned in his majesty's court of exchequer, or which shall delivered be delivered by writ of delivery iflfued by the said court, either from his ma a composition by licence, or on payment of the appraised eft warc*

on

value, or in any other way, or on any other terms whatever, provided the seizure of the same shall have been, or shall be, according to law, and the goods shall be capable of receiving a dear, distinguishable, and legible stamp or impression or fear thereon, shall, before they are delivered from his majesty's warehouses in any of the ports of Great Britain, be damped or sealed in such manner as the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, or the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall respectively direct; and the said of are hereby respectively authorised and required to cause damps or seals for that purpose to be provided; and if If any officer any officer of the customs, or other person having the charge or negledh to

custody of such warehouses respectively, shall wilfully negledfc or such

1 CL C 1 C u, t & a goods, or ac

omit to stamp or seal any such goods previous to their being de £eptg any fee

livered therefrom, or shall take any fee.or reward whatever as for damping

a confldcration for affixing such stamp or seal, such officer, or them, hefor

other person, shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred a?^and

pounds, to the use of his Majesty, and shall be rendered inca fjomferving

pable of serving his Majesty in any civil capacity whatever. his Majesty?

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatever shall at any time forge Personecounty counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counter terfeiting, C feted, or shall be aiding or assisting in forging or counterfeiting, t

any stamp or seal, to referable any stamp or seal which shall be felony provided or used in pursuance of this act, or shall forge or coun

<^3 terfeit,

floods with counterfeit Stamps to be forfeited, and the persons in Whose custody they are found forfeit jool.

nauthorized 'bos hav ng stamps in jtheir custody, to forfeit 500l

commissioner of the customs may re 'ifcore goods,

- con being satisfied that he forfeiture rofc without ny design of fraud in the roprietor, on uch conditions as they may think msonable.

If such condi ns are not Complied with, they y be con mned.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32.

[1

terfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counter or shall be aiding or assisting in forging or counterfeits impression of any such (lamp or seal, all and every such 0! and offenders shall be deemed guilty of felony, and on thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged a and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without ben clergy; and if any person or persons whatever shall have i her, or their custody or possession, any goods having a co feit (lamp or seal thereon, knowing the same to be counter all such goods shall be forfeited, and all and every such[ [ persons shall respectively forfeit the sum of five hu pounds, one moiety thereof to be to the use of his Majestjfd the other moiety to the person who shall inform or sue raj same; and if any person or persons whatever, other tha person or persons who shall be authorised by the said co sioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectivet] that purpose, shall, by any means whatever, have in his, I their custody or possession, any (lamp or seal provided, said of of the customs as aforesaid respectively*] the purposes aforesaid, whether such person or persons A shall not have made use of the same, shall forfeit five ha pounds, one moiety to be to the use of his Majesty, other moiety to the person who shall inform or sue for tl

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority a That in case any goods or commodities whatever, or any ( vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, shall be seized feited by virtue or in pursuance of any act or acts of parli relating to the revenue of customs, it shall and may be I for the commissioners of the customs in England, or any ft more of them, for the time being, and the of C customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for tf being, on evidence given to their satisfaction that the so arose without any design or intention of fraud in the pr or proprietors of such goods or commodities, ships, boats, horses, cattle or carriages, to order the same to be 1 to such proprietor or proprietors, in such manner, and < terms and conditions, as under the circumstances of 1 shall appear to the said of of the customs in j and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they (ha!

(it to direct; and if the said proprietor or proprietors shall < with the terms and conditions prescribed by such commissio in England and Scotland respectively, it shall not be lawft the officer or officers who shall seize such goods or coma ties, ships, vessels, boats, horses cattle, or carriages, or ar person or persons whatever, on his or their behalf, to in any manner for the condemnation thereof; but if fii prietor or proprietors shall not comply with the terms and < ditiont prescribed by the said of tefpeftivdy, I officer or officers shall be at liberty, and is tand are hen ' thorized to proceed for the condemnation of such commodities, ships, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or

r 1

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. ilis

this law had not been made; provided always, That if such proprietor or proprietors shall accept the terms and conditions prescribed by the said of of the customs respectively, such proprietor or proprietors shall not have, or be entitled to any recompense or damage on account of the seizure or detention of such goods or commodities, ships, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carnages, or have or maintain any action whatever for the same; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not with (landing.

XVI. And whereas by an act, paffid in this present session of par Moment, intituled An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other deities in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king into this kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, the duties imposed upon timber, flows, and other species of wood, in lieu of the former duties on those articles thereby repeated, are in many inflames increased: and whereas flooding contracts may have been made before the tenth day of May m thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, by the importers or pro frittors of timber, flaws, and other species of wood, for serving per fm therewith respectively, to be delivered, in point of time, after the said tenth day of May; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth day of May, the importers or proprietors of such timber, (laves, and other species of wood, the duties on which have been by the said act increased respectively, and which shall be delivered after the said tenth day of May, in pursuance of such contracts, shall be allowed to add to the prices respectively agreed for in such contracts so much as the duties charged by the said recited act respectively exceeded the duties payable upon such timber, Haves, and other species of wood, at and immediately before the said tenth day of May; and such importers or proprietors shall, by virtue of this act, be paid such sum as the duties so increased shall amount to.

XVII. And whereas by the said act passed in this present session of parliament, it is among other things enabled and declared, That the importers or proprietors of any cambricks or French lawns, which, before the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and tigity seven, shall have been imported into Great Britain for exportation from any port or place in the European dominions of though French king, and lodged according to law in a warehouse belonging to his Majesty, or which hall, on or before the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be lawfully so imported into Great Britain for that purpose, ball, after the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be at liberty to take and revive the same into their own custody and possesslm, either for fate and ftfmption in this kingdom or otherwise, futb importers or proprietors

Proprietors accepting such conditions, not entitled to any recompense on account of seizure.

1 Geo.j.ci*. recited.

From May io 1787, the difference between the duties on wood before and after that day, may be added to the price of wood contracted for before, but not delivered till after that day.

232 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32. [1787.

first making a regular entry of all such cambricks or French lawns with the proper officer of the customs, and paying such duty for the same as cambricks or French lawns imported after the tenth day of French cam May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, are by the fou portedlfor mae subject an liable to: and whereas it is just that the duty

exportation, pql^ or to be paid down according to law on wan hoofing such cam before May bricks or French lawns, shall be taken and deemed to be in part of the io, 1787, may duty imposed by the said act; be it therefore enacted by the autho ofhisma^ r^y aforesaid, That the importers or proprietors of such cam fty's ware*or French lawns shall, on taking the same out of such houses, on warehouse, in pursuance of the said all, pay so much money, payment of and no more, by way of duty, as, together with the sum paid betwecnth* own or to be down as aforesaid on lodging the lame in sum paid on warehouse, shall respectively amount to the duty imposed

their being by the said act upon cambricks and French lawns imported rc warehoused speltively into Great Britain in pursuance of the said act, after tie a ?mc dfed tcnlb, day f May one thousand seven hundred and eighty by v*g«o*seven; anything in the said act contained t q the contrary not CLI I withstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and such cam That if any cambricks or French lawns shall have been imported bricks not into Great Britain on or before the tenth day of May one thou ware^oufed and even hundred and eighty seven, for exportation as afore may be deli said, but which shall not have been lodged as aforesaid in a vered to the warehouse for that purpose on the said tenth day of May the proprietors, importers or proprietors thereof shall have the same delivered to rneebtryinak" them either for sale and consumption in this kingdom or other thereof, and wife, upon making a regular entry thereof with the proper offi* paying the cer of the customs, and paying such duty for the same as cam aid duties, bricks or French lawns imported after the said tenth day of May

are by the said all made subject and liable to respectively.

XIX. And whereas diverse persons may have incurred penalties Jot offences committed against the laws now in forte, prohibiting the im» poriation of cambricks or French lawns into this kingdom otherwifi than by licence and for exportation, and prohibiting the wear or use thereof in this kingdom, by reason of such persons having bad the same in their tujiody or possessm for sale or otherwise; it there

Ho persons, fore enalled by the authority aforesaid, That no person or per except those fons whatever (other than such as are now under prosecution unc!cr pj°f* for the same) shall be prosecuted by bill, plaint, information, oath prosecuted action of debt, for any penalty or penalties incurred on or be for having had fore the tenth day of Mav one thousand seven hundred and in their pof eighty seven, on account of having had in their custody or pof session French fe|flon for sale or otherwise any such cambricks or French lawns, sale, prior to but that a such penalties shall be wholly pardoned and re 1 May 10, 1787. leased; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not with I Handing.' f'f '

XX. And whereas by the said last before recited act it is among other things enacted, bat, from and after the tenth day sfmay one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, all and singular the jubjidies, customs, impositiensj or duties whatever (respecting the revenue of

cujlmt)

il iiiiu mis &iuguuui) ui wuiv.il ciimca nave rcauceu oy

all be charged with, and shall be subject and7gep. respectively imposed by the said recited act,

17j7j Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31,33

) and all and singular the duties of excisey payable to hit Mar jejiy, his heirs and successirs, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force, upon the importation of any goods, wares y or merchandise into Great Britain, J, hall cease and determine, save and except at therein is excepted; and that in lieu and instead thereof from and lifter the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty fevetiy there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty> his heirs and successors, upon the importation of any goods, wares, or merchandise into the kingdom of Great Britain, from parts beyond the seat, the several duties of customs and excise, as the same are respectively infer ted, defer ibed, and Jet forth in certain febe dules and tables to the said act annexed: and whereas it is expedient that all good, wares, or merchandizey on which the duties imposed by the said act are reduced lower than those repealed, and which have been imported or brought into this kingdom, but of which entries have nn been maiiy or which shall or may be imported or brought into this goo<j8 kingdom, on or before the said tenth day of May one thousand seven of which no hundred and eighty seveny Should be charged with the duties imposed entries bare hj the said act and no other; be it therefore enacted by the au been made, thority aforesaid, That all goods, wares, or merchandise, on duties" 0* which the duties have been so reduced, and which have been have been imported or brought into this kingdom, of which entries have reduced by

not been made, shall

liable to the duties

and no other. ties only.

XXI. And whereas by the said last before recited act made and faffed in this present session of parliament, certain duties of customs are imposed upon coals, culm, and cinders, brought coajtxytfe within the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas doubts may arise con (truing the true intent and meaning of the words inserted in the j'che hie marked (A) annexed to the said recited act, as far as the same may relate to the duties to be charged on coahy culm, or ctndersy ^. brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port in Great Britain 5 imposed by be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fe the said act on ycral and respective duties of customs, imposed by the said act coals, C upon coals, culm, and cinders brought coastwise within Great utbe*" Britain, shall be charged and paid upon all coals, culm, and barged ooall cinders respectively, which shall be shipped or waterborne in coals which in order to be shipped or laid on board any ship or vessel to be shall be car carried by lea, and which shall be carried by sea in any ship or by sea vdftl from any port or placd within the kingdom of Great Britain, amtlandedtiii snd which shall be imported, brought or landed in any other port another in or place within the said kingdom of Great Britain, save and ex Great Britain, cept in Inch case where special provision is particularly and ex "[here pressly made to the contrary in the said recited act, or in the prorided^n icheduie or tables annexed thereto. the said act.

XXII. And whereas by the said act passed in this present session of farhament, it is among other things directed, That the duties on cods shall be paid in ready money, without liberty to bond the same: and whereas it is expedient to permit the duties payable upon coals brought coafhmfcy or from any port or placey to any other port or place mbiu tbts kingdom, to b( feared by bond; be it therefore further

' ' g'oogl'*na<aed,

*34 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31.

[17s;

Duties on enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybei coals brought lawful for the importer or proprietor, or for the known ago be secured^b^ r orlemporter or proprietor of any coals which Sufl bond*y be brought coastwise, or from any port or place, to any 0tber9port or place within Great Britain, to secure such duties by bond, which bond shall be given to his Majesty, his heirs successors, in a penalty equal to double the amount of such d; ties, by such importer or proprietor, or such known agent sr' factor, together with the master or other person having or tik» ing the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which lock coals shall have been brought coastwise, or from any port place to any other port or place within Great Britain, with coo dition that such importer or proprietor, or such known agent factor, shall well and truly pay or cause to be paid to the use of his Majesty, within sixteen days from the day of the date of foci bond, to the collector of the duties upon coals, in the port, member or creek in this kingdom, to which such coals (bafl have been brought coastwise, or from any other port or place, the full sum which shall be due and payable for the coals delivered out of such ship or vessel.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority lfore&id, That in case any importer or proprietor of any coals brought coastwise, or from any port or place to any other port or place within Great Britain, or any agent of or factor for such importer or proprietor, who shall have entered into bond as tfottbh grous of being shall be desirous of becoming security for the duties oa Mf before ot^cr ergo of coals, during the time such bond shall rattfl bond be dif undischarged, it shall be lawful for the said collector of the d ties on coals to refuse such importer or proprietor, or such agtft or factor, to be again security for any of the said duties paym upon coals, until such importer or proprietor, or such agent or: factor shall, together with three sufficient securities, to be if proved of by such collector, have given bond to such collect - the use or his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the pew paminttf16 um our t*lou^an^ pounds, with condition that such importer duties. or proprietor, or such factor or agent shall, from time to time.

well and truly pay or cause to be paid to the said collector till such sum or Turns of money as are or shall be due and payabb by law for the duties on any coals delivered out of any ship or vessel, and for the payment of which duties such importer or proprietor of such agent or factor, fyall Jiave entered ipto hood as aforesaid.

but If a person who has entered into such bond Should be de

charged, he may be required, with three securities, to give bond in the penalty of

XXIV. And whereat by the schedule marled (A) annexed it tit said act made and passed in this present session of parliament, brants of any country or place, is charged, on importation, with duty at aim pence per galion; and geneva is charge, on importation, with duty five pence per galion: and whereas it is expedient that gentvojhu pay the like duty of nine pence per galion, and be allowed a iretwboa Duty on im accordingly, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, gcncva°to be That lhe duties to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, upon 9d. per galion, geneva, by virtue and in pursuance of the said act, shall be after and drawback the rate of nine pence per gallon } and such gcpc?a shall, pa

PF*.

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii lit C 33.'

exportation, be allowed a drawback of eight pence per galion; on export anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ou 8<*.

axv. And whereas a certain species of wood, called Ebony, being the growth of Africa, is become very useful and necessary to cabinet makers and other artificers in this kingdom, and it would tend to the improvement of the manufactures thereof if liberty was given to im» sort the same into this kingdom from Africa dutyfree; be it therefore farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and From June i, after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and x7*7* ebony eighty seven, it shall and may be lawful for any person or per fa^red^may Ions to import into this kingdom directly from any part of Africa be imported J mfln/i^ builtveflfels, owned, navigated, and registered accord from Africa ing to law, wood called Ebony being the growth and product duty free, of Africa, provided the same shall be manufactured, without paying any subsidy, custom, or duty whatever for the same; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty (even; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

*A00£00l. granted out of the consolidated fund, for the service of the current year. The treasury empowered to raise the lame or any part thereof, by low or exchequer bills, on the credit of the consolidated fund. All period who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a uby of ban, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. If it iafl be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by acbeqoer bills instead of loans; the bills in such case to be made in the manner, prescribed by the malt act of this session, C 4. All advantages ad penalties in the said act of this session, relating to loans or exche coer dills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The uid exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of Motyooool. notwithstanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. 3c Marias, C ao. The (tan of 1, 116, 0711. xs. xxd. iq. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 17s7, forplus of sinking fund; 74, 101). 99. xod. for the disposition of parliament; io, ooool. of army sayings, 1785, to be issued toward the (apply; 44>8o61. as. 7d. of army savings in 1785, and 1786, to be applied towards the extraordinary expenses of the land forces in 1786. Moneys arising by the malt aft, C 4. Land tax aft, C 5. Lottery aft. Loans, a, 500, 0001. ct 13; further loans, 1, 500, 0001. C a4; further bills, sjjoo^ooool. C5; X ai, 07*l. as. xid. aq. remaining in the exchequer April 5, 1787, surplus of sinking fund; 74, 1011. 98. xod. for the disposition of parliament; io, ooool. army savings 1785; and 1, 400, 000l. out of the consolidated fund; shall be applied (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed, viz. a, a86pool. foi naval fcnices; 18, 000 (eamen (including 3, 860 marines), for victuals, wages, wear and tear, office of ordnance for sea service, ordinary of navy, half-pay to lea and marine officers, for maintaining 3, 860 marines, and towards buildings, rebuildings and repairs of ships for 1787; 318, 5761. 17s. jd, for the charges of the office of ordnance, for land service for 1787;

4*. ad. towards maintaining the land forces, dec. for 1787, m. 648, 6871. is. aq. for defraying the charge of 17*638 effective men, aadapjo invalids, officers, &c. in Great Britain, &c. 134, 618l. 18s. 5d. for forces in the plantations, &c. 6, 834!* 19s* ad. for difference between Brififfi and ixioa establishments, &c. 6, 409l. 8s. for pay of general and staff i,

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 33. [1787.

officers, C 23, 110b m. 6d. for supernumerary officers, C 8, 230b yd. iq. for regiments serving in the East Indies; 59, 2531. 12s. id. to the pymaster general, secretary at war, C 171, 776l. ns. 6d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines; 213l. 78. 6d. for reduced officers, cof the horse guards; 55, 0911. ios. and 419071. zos. for reduced officers of British American forces; 3*4*21. xxs. 8d. for officers late in the service of the states general; 171, 5151. 15s. xod. for Chelsea hospiul; XI 8iib 88. 6d. for widows; 3, 153l. 11s. iq for difference between the British and Irish establishments for several battalions in 1786; 410, 3x11 17s. 4d. for extraordinary expenses of land forces: 1, 500, 000b to discharge exchequer bills of 26 Geo. 3. c. 31; 1,000, 000l. more to dischirge exchequer bills of 26 Geo. 3. c. 33; 3, 000, 000l. more for paying off exchequer bills, 26 Geo. 3. c. 97; 12, 138s 16s. 4d. iq. issued in pursuance of add re flea of the house of commons; 15, 000l. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerset house; 5, 851b 17s. 6d. for the civil eta blishment of Nova Scotia; 1, 900l. for the civil establishment of the iffiand of St. John in America; 4, 300b for the civil e(tab!ifoment of newbrusf wick: i, xool for the civil establishment of Cape Breton; 1, 181b tot. for Newfoundland; 2, 600b for the civil officers of East Florida; 580b for the salary of the chief justice of the Bermudas; 4, 380b for the civil establishmentoftbe Bahamas; 2, 877b ios. for the civil establishment in New South Wales; 13, 000b for forts in Africa; 3, 000! to the British Mufcua; 9, 2341. for the roads of communication in North Britain j 5, 139l. 41- id. xq. to discharge bills drawn by the acting governor of the Bahamas, the lieutenant governor of St. John, the lieutenant governor of Ron Scotia, and the lieutenant governor of New Brunswick; i.ml.os.&b for money paid to T. Duridas and J. Pemberton, efors commissiooen for expenses going to America; 890b for money issued to Mr. James Mouatt, chief clerk to commissioners inquiring into fees, See. 457l. ios. 6d. for money paid to Richard Bradley, for value of goods bought to purchase the island of Le Main, in the river Gambia as a fettksse&t for cohvi£ts, C ixapool. to be paid to the offerers in America, for present relief; 13, 600b to the fiifferers in East Florida; tfiool for securing the harbour of Catwater, and Sutton Pool near Plymouth; 1, 500b to make good money issued to the secretary of the commissioners of public accounts; 700b to make good money issued to the secretary of of for inquiring into Losses in East Florida; 2, 200b to make good money issued to the secretary to the commissioners for inquiring into the land revenues of the crown; 4.445b ifr xxd. to make good money issued to the secretary of the commissioners for American loyalists; 522b to David Jenkinson, at compensation for three first payments toward loan in 1784* forfeited to the public by omitting future payments, on account of illness; 2, 307b 9s. Vd. to Charles Pole, agent to Mafahod de la Mar, for damages by seizure and detention of the ship Herftelder, captain Kemp Janssen Kleyn, laden with merchandise on account of the emperor or Morocco; 18, 574b 13s. xod. 3q. for deficiency for annuities, 31 Geo. i. C2; 127, 796b 19s. 3d tq. for deficiency for annuities, 18 Geo. C»; 35, 039b 13s. aq. for deficiency for annuities, 19 Geo. 3. c. 18; 784, 1341. 38. ad. aq. for deficiency fair annuities, 20 Geo. 3. c. 16; 11, 135b 59. nd. 3q. for deficiency for annuities, 22 Geo. 3. c. 8; 292, 448b 14s. yd. xq. for deficiency for annuities, 23 Geo. 3. c. 35; 532, 652b is. 4d. for deficiency iot annuities, 242nd 25 Geo. 3. c. 10, and 32; 233, 410b 6s. yd. iq. for deficiency of duties on tea, by 24 Geo. 3. c. 38, and 25 gco. 3. C 74$ 240, 324b 19s. iod. j sths, for deficiency of grants for 1786. Supplies' riot' to be applied to any other uses than are directed by this act. Rules to be o&served in the application of 172, 776b ns. 6d. granted for half pay; no person under 16 years of age when regiments, C reduced, or notin adtiial service, or having other employment under the King, nor chaplain of any garrison, or having any ecclesiastical preferment, nor officer having refigried his commission, or had no commission, nor any other who would not have been otherwise entitled, as reduced officers, nor officers of 5 regiments of dragoons and 8 regiments of foot lately disbanded in Ireland (except w. thoic

*37

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 34.

those token off half pay establishment of Great Britain) to have any part eftbe said 171, 7761. m. 6b. granted as aforesaid, by 16 Geo. 5. C 6s, a sin not exceeding 171, 666l. 10s. jd. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, for 1786 Overplus moneys, above fatipfying half pay officers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, See. in the late van, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act to emend an act, pojfed in the nineteenth year of the reign of bisfrefent Majesty, intituled An act to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain fee-farm rents, and other rents, and to enfranchise copyhold and customary tenements within their survey; and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the said /, and to enable the said chancellor and council to discharge encumbrances offering the possessions of the said duchy.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the nineteenth year of the Preamble, reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster to sell and 19 0, 3'c'4*'

dispose of certain fee-farm rents, and other rents, and to enfranchise copyhold and customary tenants within their survey; and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the said duchy, it was (amongst other things) enabled, That it Should be law fid to and for the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster, for tie time beings to sell and dispose y and thereupon to grant and a jure, in the name of the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, under the fed of the said duchy, unto or to the use of the respective purchaser thereof and to their heirs for ever, all and singular fee-farm rents, rttts service, rents seek or dry rentchantry rents, guild rents, and other rents due and payable to the king's majesty, as parcel of the pof fejetns of his said duchy, and then being within the survey and receipt if the said duchy, and the officers of the same, at and for such confi dtratiens in money as the said chancellor and council Should think fit, nothing less (ban after the rate of twenty-five years purchase of the pefsamount of any such relit or rents: and it was thereby also pro aided and enabled, That the immediate owner of the lands and here suments, whereout any of the aforesaid rents were due, payable, or ijtingy Should be preferred in the purchase thereof respectively before at] other so that such immediate owner Should pay and dischdrge all Omars of relit due from him or her, and tender himself or herself in ferjon, or by his or her agent, to the said chancellor and council, to mtrafl for the purchase thereof and Should perfect his or her con trcq % and pay the purchase money into the hands of the receiver gem ntrol of the revenues of the said duchy, on or before the sixth day November one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at such rate as fmldbt agreed upon, not being less than after the rate of twenty-five jeers purchase, as aforesaid: and it was by the said act further en cbti, That all the moneys to arift by sale of the said rents, or by the mfrmhisement and discharging of any copyhold, or customary mef stagesi lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under or by virtue of the fetfeft) jbmld be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of tbt 0 revenues

*3. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 34. [

twenties of the duchy of Lancaster for the time being, and t sold moneys Should, from time to time, the same Should be t

and received, be laid out by the order of the said chancellor and in the purchase of three per centum bank consolidated aunml in any of the public funds tramferrable at the bank of Engh the name of The Duchy of Lancaster; and that all thee fund, or flock, to be so purchased, Should remain in the namti duchy of Lancaster, and Should not be transferred or trrnj without the authority of parliament, but that all theinterep said annuities, fund, and flock, Should be, from time to tim unto the receiver-general of the said duchy for the time being, t eel of the revenues of the said duchy: and whereas, in pursuanu said act, some few of the said rents were sold and disposed of, a copyhold or cufomary tenements have been enfranchised, ani tk arising by such/ales and enfranchisoments has been laid out andi in the purchase of four thousand eight hundred and fifty mt twelve Billings and threepence, three per centum bankemf. annuities, in the name of The Duchy of Lancaster, according

directions of the said act: and whereas the greater part of tu by the said act authorised to be sold, fill remain undifipofei« from the general objection made to the rate of purchase limitd said act, it is apprehended that unless such rate of purebafitk rated and reduced, the intent of the said act, with respect to i of the said rents, will be in a great measure deseated: be it tlx So much of €na^c<* by the king's most excellent majesty, by and wi recited act asdvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and restricts the tnons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the 1

foie of the rity of the same, That so much of the said recited a as n

xscribed^to0 vera rents herein described, and whk

nouefa than chancellor and council of the said duchy of Lantafer arc d »5 years pur empowered to sell, at a rate not less than twenty-five year chase, repeal chase of the gross amount of such rents, shall be, and the ed* is hereby repealed.

Authority

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sycr shall and may be lawful to and for the chancellor and 0

at any prices f the duchy for the time being, to sell and dispose not under the thereupon to grant and allure, in the name of the King following jesty, his heirs and successors, under the seal of the said d

rates, viz. unto or to tjlc ufc of tjlc respective purchasers thereof, 1

their heirs for ever, all and singular the fee-farm rents, J service, rents feck, quit rents, chantry rents, guild rents other dry and unimprovable rents, which, by the said recite were authorised to be sold, but which have cot been (ole disposed of, and which now remain due and payable ti king's majesty as parcel of the possessions of the said duck and for such considerations in money, and at and after rate of purchase as the said chancellor and council /hallj adequate and sufficient, or be able to procure for the same being less for any relit amounting to or exceeding one (h per annum, than after the (cveral rates of purchase folio? (that is to say),

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 34. 239

For any relit amounting to ten Shillings per annum, or up for rents upwards, not less than twenty-four years purchase of the net warda of, os taemnt thereof, after deducing the land tax chargeable yei^pur* thereon: chase;

For any relit amounting to five Shillings per annum, and being 51. and under tinder ten Shillings per annum, noj less than twenty-two years ios. it years purchase of the gross amount thereof: purchase;

And for any relit amounting to one shilling per annum, and ss. and under bring under five Shillings per annum, not less than twenty years 51*0 years purchase of the gross amount thereof. purchase.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the immediate Owners of owner of the lands and hereditaments, in respect of which any land t have of the said relit is or are due, payable or issuing, shall be pre^fared in the purchase thereof respectively, before any other 0 p person, foas such immediate owner shall pay and discharge all arrears of relit due from him or her, and tender himself or herself in person, or Jby his or her agent, to the said chancellor and council, to contra for the purchase thereof, and shall perse his or her contra, and pay the purchase money which shall be agreed upon for the same into the hands of the receiver-general of the revenues of the said duchy, on or before the first day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

IV. And whereas, by means of several enclosures or divisions made ofjeverol common fields and wafie lands, lying within and being parcel of tie franibifes and liberties of the said duchy of Lancaster, under ml iy virtue of diverse alls of parliament y several sums of money have fc, and do now remain charged upon certain of his Majesty's lands mi tenements within the said franchises and liberties: and whereas certain otter wafie lands within the said franchises and liberties have, iy tie authority of parliament, been lately set out and awarded to Us Mmtftji and a considerable expense will be necessarily incurred in the hoosing, drainings fencings building upon, and improving the same: m.d. whereas it is fit and expedient that effectual provision Should be tale for paying off the said several sums so remaining charged as [aid, and for defraying the expenses to be incurred in manner lafi mentioned; be it therefore further enacted by the authority

aid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the chan Money arisen

ceborand council of the said duchy for the time being, by their ^efa^of the onler or orders to be made in court of revenue, to apply and said rates, may appropriate as well the said four thousand eight hundred and be applied in say nine pounds twelve Shillings and threepence, three per fatiafatfion of centum consolidated annuities, as also any other moneys which fa9 nay hereafter arise and be received by sale of the said rents, or his majesty's* by the enfranchisement or discharging of any copyhold or cuf lands on ac tomary messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under count of in tftd by virtue of the said recited ain payment, satisfaction, and discharge of all such sums of money as have been and are Rafter, enough charged upon any of his majesty's lands or tenements, bring parcel of the possessions of his said duchy, by reason of any iaclosure or division already made by the authority of parliament;

y

i40 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 44.

mcnr; and of all such charges and expenses as shall be at any time hereafter incurred, by and under the order and direction of the chancellor and council of the said duchy, in the divi&odf Enclosure, drainage, or other improvement of any allotmettfor allotments which have been set out or alligned to his Maj his heirs or successors, by the authority of parliament, as V said; in the erecting suitable habitations, and other cotre nient buildings, for the tenants of such allotment or auotq^ffes respectively, in such manner as the said chancellor and aatyd) Bank toper shall think fit; and the directors of the bank of England foc'ifrc fbn authoriz mc en? and they are hereby authorised and required,upon requisition to them for that purpose to be made byipy order or orders of the said chancellor and council, undertbt hand of the attorney general of the said duchy, to permit ^cli personas shall in and by such order be named and impowtved for that purpose, to make a transfer or transfers of all oirany flock (landing part of the three per centum bank annuities which now arp, or in the name shall hereafter be transferred, or (land in the books of the fcaak of the duchy.; n tjje name of The Duchy of Lancaster\ and fthich transferor transfers, being made by the person so to be authorised b, tlif signature of his own proper name, for and on the behalf octfe'jcing's majesty, in right of his duchy of Lancaster, shall be^jfcl, legal, and effectual for the transfer of the said annuities that until the whole of the said charges and expenses shallljpe been raised and paid in the manner aforesaid, it shall aottvy

mcil to catifj^e

ed by the chancellor and council of the said duchy, to transfer the

Chancellor

and council

be lawful to and for the said chancellor and council

mourarifing mon*cs to arise by such sales, enfranchisements, and disc[ by sale of the as aforesaid, to be retained and applied for that purpose, witl Tates to an* '*1

f*cr expenses.

inverting the same in bank consolidated annuities, or other lick funds; anything in the said recited act to the notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&dt That, after the costs and charges aforesaid shall have been wjy paid and satisfied, the residue of the moneys which shall reqaua unappropriated and undisposed of for the uses and purposes

fore mention aforesaid, whether the same shall arise by sale of any rents, or tj* ed, therefidue enfranchisement or change of tenure of any copyhold or cut of purchase tomary lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the said recited act of the nineteenth year of his majesty's reign, or under this present act; and also all moneys whatever which (haflafterwards arise and be received in the execution of the powers and authorities of the said recited act, shall be paid, laid out, applied, and disposed of, and the dividends, interest, and other annual proceed thereof, received, taken, and enjoyed, according to the directions of the said recited act, anything in this ift contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every agreement or agreements which shall or may be made or entered into by, or by the order of, the chancellor and council of the said duchy, with any mortgagee or mortgagees of any of his majesty's lands within the liberties and franchises of the said duchy, such morts

After payment of all cods and charges be

tnoney to be laid out, C according to recited act.

Agreements entered into by order of the chancellor and council with mort

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. jf; 241

gauges having been made by the authority of any a A or a As of parliament, or to or with any of his majesty's lessees of thet0^ ?a "d lands foin mortgage, or with the htribands, guardians, trustcct* or committees, of any such mortgagees of leflcas, being re speflhdy women under coverture, of under tfny other debility, shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be good, valid, and cffeaual in the law, for the discharging of any such mortgage or mortgages, and for charging his majesty's said lands, and the lessees thereof for the tithe being, with the payment to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the interest of such moneys as shall in pursuance of this act, and of any such agreements, be advanced by or by the order of, the said chancellor and council for thepufposes aforesaid, notwithstand ing any disability in the parties making or entering into though same agreements respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, 'that all interest, or money in respea of interest, which shall or may, by or undef any such agreement or agreements respectively, be or become payable to his Majesty by or from any of his lessees, for or in respea of any sum or sums to be paid under the direaion of the said chancellor and council, by virtue and in pursuance of this act, and the powers and authorities hereby to them in that behalf giverty shall be deemed and considered as of in the nature of relit payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and to be ifliring out vfthemessuages, lands, and hereditaments, of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, held and enjoyed by the party or parties to such agreement or agreements, by virtue of any such subsisting lease or leases, their executors, administrators, and assigns; and fhiereftddeto m case of the nonpayment of such interest, according to the terms, his Majesty tenor, and effea of such agreement or agreements respectively, under aoy the same shall and may be distrained for, and be recoverable susao^of and recovered by the king's majesty, his heir artd successors, this act may and his and thftir receivers, bailiffs, and other mmifters, as relit be distrainedf due from such lessees respectively, their executors, administra for aa for relit'* tors, and assigns, and issuing out of, and chargeable upotf thd laid messuages, lands, and hereditaments respectively, in the same and like manner, in all respeas whatsoever, as if the said interest, or money in respea of interest, had been reserved by way of relit unto the king's majesty, or his predecessors, or his or their heirs or successors, in and by the subsisting lease or tafes under which the said messuages, lands, or hereditaments, are held and enjoyed respectively.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for appointing commissionert further to inquire into the fees,gratuities, perquifitrs, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several publick offices therein mentioned yto examine intoauy abuses which may exist in the same; and to report ftith observations aa (halt occur to them, for the better conduaing and managing ftebufiocfr transaaed in the said offices. — This as the same as %

eo. 3. C 19 and 16 Geo. 3. c. 66. and continued till the end of the next session of parliament.

K

ap,

Gc. le

M

Vol. XXXVI

[Preamble.]

*4 Geo. 3. c. 41.

h2 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. 36, 37. [1787.

CAP. XXXVI

An act to continue law^retating so the free importation of certain

raw hide^and skins from Iceland and the British plantation in amt rica; to the allowing tf^c exportation of certain quantities of what and other articles to his mmrfty's sugar colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures (tf this kingdom, and to prevent theft*ducing of artificers and workmen «so ployed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the.seas^ and to the granting a bounty on the exportation of certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties ontoreign raw linen yams made of flax itdported

So much of 9 Geo. 3. c. 39, as relates to the«free importation of raw hidtf and skins froiq Ireland, and the British American plantations, continued to June 1, 1791, C so much of 16 Geo. 3. c. 37, as relates to aoosing the exportation of wheat, C to the sugar colonies in America; and of5 Geo. 3. c. 69, as relates to the exportation to those colonies of wheat from Lancaster, continued to May 1, 1739.6 Geo. 3.' C 89, to explain as Geo. 3. c. 67, to prohibit the Exportation of tools used in the iron and steel manufact urea, continued to the end of the next feflfion. spgea, «. C 15, granting a bounty'on British and Irish linens exported, continued

to June 24, 1788, See,

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for further regulating the trade and business of pawnbrokers;

WHEREAS an act was passed in the twenty-fourth jeer of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third 10 explain, amend, and render more effectual, an at passed in the thirtieth, year of the reign of his late majesty King George tw Second, entitled, 'An act for the more effectual punishment of perk fons who flail attain, or attempt to attain, poffiffton of goods or mw} by false or untrue pretences for. preventing the unlawful pawning if goods i for the easy redemption of goods pawned 5 and forprtmtiep. gaming in public houfts* by journeymen, labourers servants ondof*:

prentices lb far as the same related to the preventing the unlaajtj, full pawning of goods, and the easy redemption of goods pawned!

and whereas the fold act passed in the twenty fourth year of the rtifl of his present Majesty* was thereby declared to have continuance fro the day of puffing thereof for one year and till the end of the nut fefp.cn of pa iiament: and whereat an al was passed in the lap jiffiti oj parliament fer continuing the said act of the twenty-four ft jeer tf the reign of his present Majesty for the further term of one ytm which term will be concluded upon the eleventh day of July one thovfow seven hundred and eighty seven: and whereas it is expedient that fro viftoti should be made for further regulating the trade and bufsnijsif pawnbrokers: may it therefore please your Majesty that it msy be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's m oft. excellent majesty, by and with the.advice and consent of the lords spiritual and.temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Pawnbrokers assembled, nd by the authority of the same, That it shall he allowed to lawful, from and after the eleventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, for all persons using aodexcr cifing the trade and business of a pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of and from all and every person and persons,

take the fol lowing rate for profit

943

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. a g.jl

applying or offering tp redeem any goods or chattels pawned ot pledged with such pawnbroker a profit after the following rates, over and above the principal sum and sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective pledge or pledges, before any such pawobroker shall be obliged to re deliver the same; videiuet:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum not exceeding two Shillings and sixpence, theism of one halfpenny for any time during which the said pledge shall rfemaifi in pawn, not exceeding one calendar month and the same sot every calendar month afterwards, including the current month in which such pledge shall be redeemed, although such month shall not be expired For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent the sum of five Shillings, one penny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent fevert Shillings and sixpence, one penny halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten Shillings, twopence 2 For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve Shillings and sixpence, twopence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent fifteen Shillings, threepence:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lint seventeen Shillings and sixpence, threepence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent one pound, the sum of fourpence::

soon progressively and in proportion for any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be paid for by the calendar month, including the current month, in manner abovementioned; which several sums shall be in lieu of, and taken as a full satisfactfon; for, all interest due, and charges for warehouse room.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pawnbrokers in all cases where any intermediate sum lent upon any pawn or rates further pledge shall exceed the sum of two Shillings and sixpence, and rcsu lc*not amount to the sum of ten pounds, the person lending the same full and may rcke, by way of profit, as aforfesaid, at and after the nte of fourpence, and no more, for the loan of twenty Shillings, by the calendar month, including the current month, as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where the parry or parties entitled to and applying for the redemption of goods pawned, 'within the space of seven days after the expiration of the first calendar month after the same shall have been pledged, he, (he, ot they, shall and may beat liberty to redeem the same, wiftiout paying anything by way of profit to the pawnbroker for the said seven days, or such part thereof as shall then have elapsed; that in all cases where the party or parties so entitled and applying as aforesaid, after

by the y

Pawn to be entered in books.

244 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1787.

the expiration of the said first fevert days, and before the expiration of the sir A fourteen days of the second calendar month, he, she, or they shall and may be at liberty to redeem liidi goods, upon paying the profit payable for one calendar month, and the half of another calendar month, to the pawnbroker; but that in all cases where the party or parties so entitled sad applying as aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first soar teen days, and before the expiration of the said second calendar month, it shall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profit of the whole second month; and that the like regulation and restriction shall take place, and be in forte, m every subsequent calendar month wherein application shall be made for redeeming goods pawned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who, from and after the said eleventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, shall take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind soever the same shall be, and whereon shall be lent any sum of money exceeding five Shillings, Stall forthwith, and before he, she, or they, shall or may advance or lend any money upon such pawn or pledge, enter, or cause to be entered, in a fair and regular manner, in a book or books to be kept by him, her, or them for that purpose, a description of the goods or chattels which he, she, or they shall receive in pan, pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place of abode of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information of the person pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same; and in all cases where the money lent on any such goods or chattels hall not exceed the sum of five Shillings, such entry shall be made ia such book or books, by all and every such person and persons lo taking the same by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, as aforesaid, within four hours next after the said goods and chattels shall have been so panned, pledged, or exchanged, as aforesaid; Pawnbrokers and every such person shall, at the time of the taking of every togwe a note pawn, pledge, or exchange whatsoever, give to the person or persons so pawning, pledging, ore xchanging the same, a note or memorandum, fairly written or printed, or in part written and in part printed, containing therein in like manner a description of the goods and chattels which he, she, or they have received in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money advanced thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place 01 abode of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattelsikre so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information aforesaid, and upon which said note or memorandum, or on the back where u of,

things

pawned.

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 245

of, shall be moreover fairly written or printed the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker giving the same $ which said note or memorandum the party and partiei pawning, pledging, or exchanging the said good or chattels, shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to accept and take in all cases, and the pawnbroker shall not receive and retain such pledge, ualeft the party pledging, or offering to pledge the same, shall accept and take such note or memorandum; and every such, note, where the sum lent shall be less than five Shillings, shall be given gratis; and where the sum lent shall be five millings, or upwards, and less than ten Shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one halfpenny for the same; and where the sum lent shall be ten Shillings, or upwards, and less than twenty ihil sings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one penny for the same, and where the sum lent shall be twenty Shillings, or upwards, and left than five pounds, the sum of twopence for the (ante; and where the sum lent shall be five pounds, or upwards, the sum of fourpence, and no more, and which note shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or she shall be obliged to re deliver the respective goods or chattels, except as herein after is excepted.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Penalty fi-om and after the said eleventh day of July one thousand seven againlk unlaw hundred and eighty seven, if any person or persons shall knows "' ^p*tn' ingiy and designedly pawn, pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully [be property dispose of the goods or chattels of any other person or persons, of others, not being employed or authorised by the owner or owners thereof so to do, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness or witnesses, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with such offence, before anyjusticr. or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, fi berty, town, or place where the offence mall be committed (which oath every such justice or justices as aforesaid is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty Shillings, and also the full value of the goods or chattels lo pawned, pledged, exchanged, or disposed of, such value to be ifcertained by such justice or justices; and in case the said for. feiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, before whom such conviction shall be had,

shall commit the party or parties so convicted to the house of correction, or some other public prison, of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offender or offenders shall reside, or be convicted, there to remain, and bo kept 10 hard labour for the space of not more than three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if within three days before the expiration of the said term of commitment the said forfei tnres shall not be paid, the fact justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the application of the prosecutor or prosecutors, the person or persons so convicjed tq

r3 bo

ljock

4-6 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. 'cr % j.

[1787.

fce publicity snipped in the house of cotre&ioa ar prison, 10 which the offender or offenders shall 4wrve been cfemfoitted^df in some other public placeoftbe county^riding^dlwfion^ cfcf\ liberty, town or place waere thie cffiencd shaft been*eoom mitted, as to such justice or justices/hali seem proper andlkt said respective forfeitures, when recovered, 'ftiail be applied I Watchmaking fetisfetfiorr thereout to the p^tytorrpartiea'4». jured and defraying the costs of the prosecuttotoi iw lhaft»fct

judged reasonable by the jttftrcehor justice: before ^whoin Ml convictfon shall be had; but if. the patty or parties injured ftph decline to accept of such fatrsfapflion and costs i, for. if there shall be any overplus of tire.laid rlefpesive forfeitures, after making such famfa&ron, and; paykig fuqh costs as aforesaid theft farii respective* forfeitures, or the overplus thereof as the case shall happen) shall be paid and; applied to and«for4he use of*tik poor of the parish or place whebcfoch offence fttail hsvptam committed, and shall be paid to the bverfeers of tlibpoor of such parish or place for that purpose .* .* t

persons fore^And be it further enacted by the authority Aforesaid, Tim

ing or coun* if any person or persons shall counterfeit, forge, or alter, nr terfeitin^ procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such now poles. or memorandum as aforesaid, or shall utter, vend, or sell Any

'such dote as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited forged, or altered, with iment.to defraud.any person or periods ytfhdmsoever, every such person shall be punished in manger i herein after mentioned, and it shall be lawful for any person persons, his, her, or their servants or agents, to whom any nun shall be uttered or offered, which he, (lie, or they shall hatw teafon so suspect to have been counterfeited, forged, oraftenri* no fefee and detain such person or persons uttering or offering the same, and to deliver, him, her, or them, as soon as convd* niently may be, into tlrecustody of a constable or other.peace officer who (hah, and is hereby required, as soon as confe niently may be, to convey such person or persons before forot justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (baste be supposed 10 have been committed $ and if upon examination it faril

appeir; to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the person or persons charged with having committed any such offence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every such the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and requited to Commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol orhouse of correction of the county, riding, divihort, City, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be imprift)iied', for any rhyme not exceeding the fyace of three calendar.months, nor less than one calendar'tnohfh, of the discretion of such justice or justices.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authorrey aforefindv For punishing That in case any person or persons who' ftm 11 offer by way of pyrfonb not pavvrt, pledge, exchange, or foie, any goods or chattels, shall account of awe, or ^tuse, to give a fotibfatffory accounr of

hinuelf,

A K

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. r; 37. 7^7

mnfelk; htrfdf^ or thctnfe^resr,br the mdansby^which hei thcrofclycfi, ft^or*heyv became possessed t>f such goods or Chattels, or shall oawnkos5»° give any-f*}fe information to the pawnbroker, or to his or heir C 8

fenra^or servants, as to Whether such good or chattels afe his hereof fhoir own property or not; Oris these shall be any other reason to fcrfpaft that such good s'of schatfels are rtqlen, or other wfeihegahy or clandestinely obtained; of if'ah^rfon'or pes focw not entitled, nor hading'any colour of title by law to re dekn goods or chattels in pledge or pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the same, it /hajl anil maybe lawful for any person or persons, his, her 'or their servants or agents, to whom firth goods or chattels fharfl be so'dtfefrfed, or with whom fuca goods or chattels are in pledge^(to 'seize and detain such person or persons, and the said goods br chattels, and to deliver such person or persons immediately into the custody of a constable or other peace officer, who shalt, and is 'hereby Required, as foqp as may be, to convey fudv person or persons, and the said goods br chattels so offered, before forrle jaftice or justices of the peace for the county; riditig^ ffivifipri, city, liberty,town, or place, ivhctein the offenceshall; befupposed to have been committed*and if such justice or justices Ypall, upon examination and enquiry, havecanfeto suspect tftatthe said goods or chattels were ftelen, or illegally of clandestinely obtained, or that the person or persons'ofering and endeavouring to redeem the same shall not have' Jrtiy pretence or colour of right to f&lcenrf the same, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to commit such personas persons into.safe custody for such reasonable tim asf shall be necessary for the obtaining proper information on the subject, in order to be further examined*and if upon either of the said examinations it shall appear, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, uhat the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the person or persons offering or; endeavouring to redeem the same hath or have not. any pretence or cobdr of right so to do, the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaotor house of cor region of thb cmmty, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of the offence shall authorise fudrcommitment by any other law; and where the nature of the bffence shall not authorise such commitment by any other law, then such commitment shall be for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, at rfoediferotion of such justice or justices.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the owner or owners of any goods or chattels unlaw Where goods sully pawned, pledged, or exchanged, lhill make out, either on unlawfully his, her, or their oath, or by the oath of any credible witness, pawnbroker or, being one of the people called j$>uakers, by solemn affirma to restore tien, before any justice or justices of the peace within his or them, their jurisdiction, that such owner or owners hath or have had

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. $7.

his, her, or their goods or chattels, unlawfully taken from him, her, or them, and that there it] suspect that any person or persons within the iuriftidioo i such justice or justices hath or have, knowingly tod ur*' "taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange i or chattels of such owner or owners, and without the authority of such owner or owners thereof, and shalli pear, to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices! grounds for such the suspicion of the owner or owners then, and in any such case, any justice or justices of thi within his or their jurisdiction, my issue his or their for searching, in the daytime, the house, warehouse i place, of any such person or persons, who shall be ch oath or affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have kn or unlawfully received or taken in pawn, or by wayof* or in exchange, any such goods or chattels, without the of, or authority from, the owner or owners thereof; occupier or occupiers of any house, warehouse, or oth yvhcrein any such goods or chattels shall, on opt or4 as aforesaid, be Charged or suspected to be, shall, after I eleventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and seven, on request made to him, her, or them, to open th by any peace officer authorised to search there, by warrac a justice or justices of the peace for the county, nding* J! city, liberty, town, or place, in which such house, ware) other place shall be situate, refuse to open the same, uut| the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any pc to tyeak open any such house, warehouse, or other oh daytime, and to search, as he shall think (it, therein, for the p or chattels suspetfted to be there, doing no wilful damage; no pawnbroker, or other person or persons, shall oppose 01 der any such search; and if upon the search of the house house, or other place, of any such suspected person or as aforesaid, any of the goods or chattels which shall h so knowingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or excfc aforesaid, shall be found, and the property of the owe owners from whom the same shall have been unlawfully rained or taken shall be made out, to the satisfaction such justice or justices, by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, or if any such witness or witnesses of the people called Quakers, by solemn affirmation, or confession of the person or persons charged with any such fence, any such justice or justices shall thereupon cause goods and chattels found on any such search, and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthtrui restored to the owner or owners thereof.

IX. And whereas goods and chattels are often pawned or j for fettering the payment of money lent thereon, and the Profit thereof and afterwords the borrowers, or their representatives, are defirm to repay the same, and the profit due tbaeon, and make tender thereof to the person or persons with whom the same are so pawned or,

fledged

787o Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 249

bjgtd, yet they are frequently under great diffiadtiet to get batk the

nheadehattdtfo pawned, and are often under a neteffity to eornmente iiis it law for the reteverythereof, to their great: for

dj whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Tat from and after the said eleventh day of one thousand poaifliimthe: en hundred and eighhr fcwn, if any g poii or chattel, shall e pawned or pledged for fecunng any money lent thereof, deliver up ot acceding in the whole the principal sum of ten pounds goods to the nd the profit thereof, and if within one year after the pawning pawner, r pledging thereof, proof having been made on oath or affir nation as aforesaid, by one or more credible witness or wit tefies, and by producing the note or memorandum directed to*given by this act as aforesaid, before any justice or justices,

0 the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, of the pawn ng or pledging of any such goods or chattels, within the said pace of one year, any such pawner or pawners, who was or sere the real owner or owners of such goods or chattels at the lime of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their exe*

: utors, administrators, or assigns, shall tender unto the person or persons who lent, on the security of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, administrators, or assigns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and profit, according to the table of rates by this established, and the person who took such goods or chattels in pawn, his executors, administrators, or alliens,

Dull thereupon, without shewing reasonable cause for so doing, to the fitisfaction of such justice or justices, neglect or refuse to deliver back the goods or chattels so pawned, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the said principal sum of ten pounds, to the person or persons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, then, and in any such case, on oath or affirmation as aforesaid thereof made by the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executor, administrators, or assigns, or some other credi* hie person, any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the person or persons who took such pawn as aforesaid, his executors, ad miuistrators, or assigns, shall dwell, on the application of the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such person or perloos who took such pawn, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, within the jurisdiction of the justice f justices, to come before such justice or justices; and such juf CC or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to iamine on oath, or fotemn affirmation, as the case may retire, the parties themselves, and such other credible person or trfonsas shall appear before him or them, touching the preset; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit itreof as aforesaid, shall be proved by oath or affirmation as ocetaid to have been made, such principal money not exceed ig the said sum of ten pounds, to the lender or lenders thereof, is, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by the

[borrower

2 ip ani)o tfcesimo septimo gtibrgfr Ilf# C 37. h

borrower or borrowed of such principal Ttioney, by their ^xecuhrf^ admibrtlrators, o assigns, within thd of one year after the faitt pawning or lodging of the chattels, then On payment, by sho borrower of born " heti or their ejtci; utors, adfliiniffirnfors, ot* affigtir, of

...Ciptl ctnoney, and the profit dor thereto, as M

\ 7 lender or lctiders, his, her, or*h£irfibcecut0rs, ad

/ pi? aitignst, and in case the leoderiorlenders4 His,

executors, administrators, or adignr, Ihallnfafe to of, on tender thereof to hidn, her, or them made, rower or borrowers thereof, his her, or theiriistrators, or assigns, before any fu dr justifce or jui

tuftiee or justices shall thereupon, by order under bb1 land or bands, direct the goods or'chattels so pawi wit h to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners her, or their executors, ad min iterators, oratbgnst person or persons who shall have lent any principal ft of money, not exceeding in the whole the said few pounds, on any goods or chattel pawned, his, Kdf'executory administrators, or assigng, shall negtoft deliver up, or make fati&faduon forth goods or ch shall be so proved, to the satisfaswon of stich jtfftiee as aforesaid, to have been so pawned, as any such justices of the peace ais'aforesaid (hafhorder and dirasj such justice of justites shall and is and are hereby! and required to commit the party or parties so refaft Net up or maketairsfadion for the same to the heufed on, or some other publick prison of the county, ridii ivony city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offend fenders shall reiide orbb convicted* there to remain wkw pr main prize untdi he, she, or they (Kail deliver up the chattels so pawned, and continuing redeemable as afore! cording to the order of such justice or justices as af ^ke such famfa&toporcompensation as such jufficeor; shall adjudge reasonable for the value thereof to the parties entitled to the redemption of such goods or CL fawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid

And, to prevent any inconvenience to persons cai trade and bujitufi of a pawnbroker, from 'several disclaiming a property in the same goods or chattels, be it ft Persons pro acted by the authority aforesaid, That from and afu or memonn Seventh day of July, one thousand seven hundred and dumsde^med^760* any per^0fl or persons who shall at any time pi the owners, 4uch note or memorandum as aforesaid, to the person

with whom the goods therein specified were pawned dr ed, as the owner thereof, or as authorised by the owner to redeem the same, and require a delivery of the'chattels mentioned therein to hrnv heiy or them, foci r, fl&rf<»ns (ti3ii be, and is and are hereby deemed and be, lo tar as respects the person or persons having such, and chattels in pledge, the real owner andowners, prt^1

i] Armo uvdefittiofeptirfiio III £.£7. 2^1

stoprietors of such gbods and chattels; and the person or so using the faifd trade and bofmefs of a pawnbroker te, and is and ape' hereby dtre^ed and required, after re satisfaction p^irfu^ht to the prtfviftons of this art felpedb ipal and profit, to deliver such*gridds and chattels to bn or persons who shall so produce the said note or mein to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are indemnified for so doing, unless he, (he; or they (had tod previous notice from the realrowner or owners thereto deliver the same to the person or persons producing note. Or urfttfc nottefe shall have been giveri to him, her, or 1, that the goods and chattels pawned have been, or rer hate hew, fraudulently or feloniously taken or ob vandur»less the real owner or owners thereof proceeds or t*e6d'in tnarin'er hereirt after provided and directed for the sseefntngof goods and ehatteb pledged, where such note hath tsit lost, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the hwasef or owners thereof;

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, in case any pawnbroker shall have had such previous nowhere notes as aforesaid, or in case any such note or memorandum as mclrn£ra!|*

shall be lost, mistaid, destroyed, or fraudulently ob pawnbrokerc from the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and to deliver a mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then, copy, every such case, the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with the said goods and chattels were so pledged or exchange all, at the request and application of any person or persons shall represent himself, herself, or themselves to the pawn r as the owner or owners of the goods and chattels in, or exchanged as aforesaid, deliver toduch person or per so requestiwg and applying for the same, a copy of the or memorandum fd lost, millaid, destroyed, or fraudulently ned, as aforesaid, with the form of an affidavit of the particu tifcumstances attending the case, printed or written, or in printed and in'part written, on the said copy, as the same be stated to him or her by the party applying as aforesaid, rhich copy of such note or memorandum, and form, of assit, in case the money lent shall not exceed the sum of ten gs, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one penny; ifr case the money lent shall exceed the sum of tfcn Shillings, the ntwoker shall receive the like sum of money as he is entitled receive and take on giving the original note or memorandum, money to be paid by the party Applying for the same, at the of making the said application; and the person or persons ng so obtained such copy of the note or memorandum, and of affidavit as aforesaid, shall thereupon prove his, her, or if property in, of right to, such goods and chattels, to the faction of some justice of the peace for the county, riding, on, city, ro.vn, liberty, 'or place, where the said goods or ^sch (hah have been pledged, pawned, or exchanged; and 1] also verify on oath, or affirmation as the case may be,

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37.

V before some justice of the peace, the truth of the parried] cumstances attending the case mentioned in such afih affirmation, to be made as aforesaid, the caption of fakm affirmation, to be authenticated by the hand writing«the justice before whom the same shall be made, andifl and is hereby required so to authenticate the same, 41 the pawnbroker shall suffer the person or persons prod property to the satisfaction of such justice as aforesaid, aofl such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, on fomntfilfl of the said note or memorandum, and the bid affidmm mation, with the said pawnbroker, to redeem fadim chattels. W

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority Fawned That all goods and chattels which shall be pawned good deem shall^dccmed forfeited, and may be sold, at thee the end of one onc w^c year from the time of pawning the same;

all goods and chattels so forfeited, on which any fom d Shillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, shall have hr shall be sold by public auction, but not otherwise, byd of the person having the same in pawn, at and after the tien of the said year; but the person employed to sell and chattels by auction shall, and he is hereby required the same 10 be exposed to public view, and catalogue to be published, and an advertisement, giving notice sale, and containing the name or names of the pawali pawnbrokers with whom the said goods or chattels pledge, to be inserted on two several days in some pubftfl paper, two days at lead before the first day of sale, of

of forfeiting, to the owner or owners of the said goods^m tels, for every offence in the premises, the sum of five and that all persons redeeming any goods or chattdjfl were pawned or pledged before the said eleventh day of thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, shall be perdflh to do upon the terms of, and according to the tabled] established by the said act, which was passed in the W fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and 00 all terms.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted byf On notice thority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons etui from perforti redeem goods or chattels in pledge, shall, before the exf

In ^edke°not^onc year rom the l*rac pawn>ng the fitom

to soil, seven notice in writing to the person or persons having the £ <uys further pledge, or leave the same at his, her, or their ufuil (f^27^2? abode, not to sell the same, at the end of the said onb ?orrederop*r*hcn, and in every such case, such goods or chattels (hi

pledge, until after the expiration of three months, toltf puted from the expiration of the said year; during whi< term of three months, the owner or owners of the II and chattels shall have liberty to redeem the same, updfl terms stipulated and provided by this act. 1

tien.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 253

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au aforesaid, That all and every person or persons to whom Account of Is or chattels shall have been pawned or pledged, shall, entered by ic to time, enter in a book or books to be kept by him, the pawnbro themfor that purpose, a true and just account of the kersinabook; U goods and chattels pawned to him, her, or them, for of ten Shillings, which shall be sold as aforesaid, ex the day when, and the money for which such goods or pawned were sold, together with the name and place of E the audioneer by whom the same were (old, according ifonnation thereof from the auctioneer 5 and in case any and overplus ds or chattels shall be sold for more than the principal nd profit aforesaid due thereon at the time of such Tale, goods pawn rplw shall, by every such pawnbroker, be paid, on deed or (old. to the person by whom or on whose account such goods ds were pawned, his, her, or their executors, admini or assigns, in case such demand shall be made within ft after such sale, the necessary cods and charges of \ being first deducted, and such person or persons who or pledged such goods or chattels, his, her, or their rs, administrators, or assigns, shall, for his, her, or their on in this matter, be permitted to inspect the entry to i a aforesaid of every such sale, paying for such inspec sum of one penny, and no more; and in case any per ersons shall refuse to permit any such person or persons sited or pledged such goods or chattels, or who is en such overplus money, to inspect such entry as aforesaid uch book or books, such person or persons, if an exe' executors, administrator or administrators, or assignee ices, at such time producing his, her, or their letters itary, letters of administration, or alignment, or in case ds or chattels were sold for more than the sum entered such book or books, or if any such person or persons t make such entry as aforesaid, or shall not have, bona: ording to the directions of this act, sold the same, or use to pay such overplus, upon demand, to the pawner ners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or he, she, or they, producing such their letters testamen uers of administratien, or assignment, every such person m lo offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit tre fum such goods and chattels shall originally have been I for, to the person or persons by whom or on whose ac uch goods or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their trt, administrators, or assigns, to be levied by distress and the offender's goods an; L chattels, by warrant under the tnd Teals of any two justices of the peace for the county, division, city, town, liberty, or place where the offence: committed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

from and after the said eleventh day of July one thousand Pawnbroker

hundred and eighty seven, no person or persons having any

limited.

54 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [rftf*

whitft they any goods or chattels in pledge shall, under any pretence W&N arn!^his soever, either by himself or herself, or by any other perftmf

custody. him CT her, purchase any such goods or chattels so betejj

pledge with him or her during the time the same (halhrijm in his or hercustody as such pledge, save and except at DA public auction as aforesaid, nor shall suffer the fametofafew deemed with a view or intention to purclwfc the famcjje shall any such person taking or having any goods or chatfwr pledge, make, or cause to be made, any contract or agrccrthl with any person or persons offering to pledge, or pledg^tt same, or with the owner or owners of the pledge, fordidptf* chase, sale, or disposition of the said goods and chanels, bdktt the expiration of one whole year from the time of pawiridg# pledging the same; nor shall any pawnbroker purchase, ceive or take any goods or chattels in pledge, of or fronk ff person or persons who shall appear to be under the age of Htaht years, or to be intoxicated with liquor, or purchase, ortitffc pawn, pledge, or exchange, the note or memorandum af of any other pawnbroker 5 nor buy any goods or chattels hi course of his, her, or their trade or bugness, before thehdfe eight of the clock in the forenoon, or after the hour of fevtifj Time for tak the clock in the evening, throughout the year; nor reettaifc1 Ing ?n pawn ache in goods or chattels by way of pawn, pledge, or in exchata before eight of the dock in the forenoon, or after ninetfji clock in the evening, between michaelmas day and Lady ay* lowing, or before (even of the clock in the forenoon, of ten of the clock in the evening, during the remainder year, excepting only on the evenings of Saturday throughout whole year, and excepting on the evenings preceding gaoifti and christmas day; nor shall any person or persons exercise carry on the trade or bugness of a pawnbroker on any Sifejfc Good Friday, or Chr iff mas day.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforett^ That, from and after the said eleventh day of July one thousegi

to place in seven hundred and eighty seven, all and every person andpofk ^profits!&c\ sons w and carry on the trade send bugness opl

pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed in large legitt characters the rate of profit allowed by this act to be raketti*} him, her, or them, and also the various prices of the note*b memoranda to be given by him, her, or them, accordmgjtt the rates aforesaid, and an account of what notes or mcmeran* dums are to be given gratis, and of the expense of obtaining 1 Tecond note or memorandum, where the former one has Met lost, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, and placed same in a conspicuous part or parts of the (hop or other phe wherein he, she, or they shall carry on such trade and hufiftefi io as to be viftble to, and legible by, the persons pledging good and chattels (landing in the several boxes or places provided ft such persons coming to pawn or redeem goods and chattels j r^such shop.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesak

tks

Pawnbrokers

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. 255

Thu in case any difference or dispute (halt arifo betweci^any Dilute he'person or persons pledging or redeeming offering to redfcertij pawj?' any goods or chattels and the pawnbroker with Whout tyre same p" gatn shall have been pledged, or alleged tofav'e 'been pledged? re be settled by (peing the re delivery thereof, or the bioney to be paid to fuew a strftice of pawnbroker, every such difference or dispore, 'irticafe the orig?nht the pc^ce.

Atm lent was under fortyihlhings, shall be settled and determined by any justice of the peace adding for the respe^uve coumy, riding, division, City, tdwn, liberty, or pfo<*, whd is hereby authorised and required upon application being made to him for that purpose, by examination dn oath fc affircrrttibri, as th€ case may require, of thapartids themselvesy and such other credible person or persons as. shall appear before him touching the ? premises, to hear and determine the same; which determination

shall be final and binding unto and upon persons.

XVIII And) for the better manifesting by xvhom the trade and business of apewnbroker hall hereafter be carried on, be it further coaded by the authority aforesaid, That, frotri and after the pawnbroker's said eleventh day of fitly one thou fond fever hundred and names and eighty seven, all and every person or persons Who shall follow r carry on the trade and business of a pawnbroker, shall cause door to be painted or written, in large legible characters, over the door of each (hop or other place by him, her, or them respectircly made use of for carrying on that trade and business, the christian and surname or names of the person or persons so carrying on the said trade or business, and the word Pawnbroker or Pombrtkersy as the case may be, following the same, upon paiii of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every (hop or place which shall be so made use of for the space of one week, without having such name or names, and the said word, so painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by. distress and fa!e of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and foals of act, twb justices of the pcate acting within the respective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty; or place, (which Warrant such justices are hereby authorised and required to gramme), upon the corifeflion of the party or prties, or upon the*information of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath of affirmation, as the case may be; and the said penalty, when the charges of recovering the same (Kail be deduced, shall be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to' the use of the poor of the parish or place in which the offence shall be committed; and in case fuffidertt distress shall not be found, or such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justices, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their hands and feais, to cable the offender or offenders to be committed to the county gaol or house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than fourteen days, unless the said penalty, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

*5$ Penalty on pawnbroker selling good before limited time, or injuring the m.

Pawnbrokers to produce their books when necessary.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37.7s7

that if, in the course of any proceedings before any jofticeee' justices of the peace, in pursuance of or under this act (bfla appear, or be proved to the satisfaction of the justice or justjccfr upon oath, or solemn affirmation, that any of the goods or dte* tels pawned as aforesaid have been sold before the time allpwrf by this act, or otherwise than according to the directions ofdkl aft, or Have been embezzled, or are become or have been rtfb dered of less value than the same were at the time of pawnfe or pledging thereof, by or through the default, negtefi, orw£ full mimehaviour of the person or persons to whom the tea were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, nistrators, or assigns, agents or servants, then, and in any jib case, it shall be lawful to and for every such justice and juffia^ and he and they is and are hereby required, to allow or award reasonable satisfaction to the owner or owners of such goods or chattels, in respect thereof, or of such damage; and the fao or sums of money so allowed or awarded, in case the same (halttt amount to the principal and profit aforesaid, which shall apprir to be due to any person or persons to whom the same weirfc pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, adimniftratorf* or assigns, mail be deducted out of the said principal and profit! and in all cases where the goods and chattels pawned as afcl* said shall have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be fufikkfll for the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executors, adfttf* nistrators, or assigns, to pay or tender the money due upon fife balance, after deducting out of the principal and profit as fcp said, for the goods or chattels pawned, such reasonable faction, in respect to such damage, as any such justice or juffith shall order or award; and, upon so doing, the justice or justfe shall proceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, her, or ihette* cutors, administrators, or assigns, had paid or tendered the wmi money due for the principal and profit as aforesaid; and if satisfaction to he allowed and awarded to the owner or owntf* of such goods or chattels shall be equal to, or exceed the prim pal and profit aforesaid, then, and in such case, the peribow persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, hers or their executors, administrators; or assigns, shall deliver the goods or chattels so pledged to the owner or owners 'thereof without being paid anything for principal or profit in respes thereof, and shall also pay such excess, if any, to the person or persons entitled thereto, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herem after mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority afortfam, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, open complaint made to him, on the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses, where any information (hab be laid against any pawnbroker for having offended against this act, or respectirtg any dispute between any pawnbroker and person having pawned goods, or the owner or owners of good pawned, or respecting any felony or other matter, or on any other occasion w hat soever, which, in the judgement of any justice

Of

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37.'

OF justices, shall make the production of any book, note jracher, or other paper necessary, which shall or ought to be in t hands, custody, or power of any pawnbroker, to summon moh pawnbroker before him, to attend, with all and every or <uy book, note, voucher, or paper, which he or she may of fjght to have in his or her custody or power, relating to the same. Which he or fte is hereby required to produce before such justice prjustices in the state the same was or were made at the time tktrlwn or pledge was received, without any alteration, erase jurat, or obliteration whatsoever; and in case such pawnbroker wl.neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the same in its true tod perfect state, such pawnbroker shall, in case he or she doth j9t show good cause for such neglect or refusal, to the satisfac ftsn of such justice or justices, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, for the use, and to be levied in the manner herein after mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any pawnbroker shall, from and after the said eleventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, in anywise offend against this act, every such pawnbroker shall, for every such offence, in neglecting to make, or cause to be made, in a fair and regular manner, in such book or books as aforesaid, any such entry as is required to be made by him, her, acthem, by this act, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and for twry other offence against this act, where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific offence |pjoft any part of this act, die sum of five pounds; and that lu forfeitures incurred by any offence committed against this jfi, shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the goods mdxhattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or piste where the offence shall be committed and it shall be kwful to and for the justice or justices to award to the party Complaining, out of the said penalty, the sum of two pounds itodten (hiuings, and the remainder of the aforesaid penalty or penalties, not otherwise disposed of and applied by this act, to be paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish m place where the offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish or place for that purpose.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall be subject or liable to any prosecution or wformtion before any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue ofjhis aft, for any offence or offences against this act, unless information shall be given of such offence or offences within twelve calendar months next after the offence committed.

xxill. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any pa rhh or place where any offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any pawnbroker against this act, or some or one of such officers, at the discretion or direction of any justice of voxxxvi. S the

*5*

Penalty on pawnbrokers offending aeainst this act.

Churchwardens, See. to prosecute.

2 o' 8f

Ad not to

extend to persons lending money at 5 1 percent, without further profit.

Justices not to have any fee or j^ra tu'fies ror acting under this act.

The act to extend to executors, cof pawnbrokers.

[General issue.]

Double costs,

Inh'bitmts of

my place where oif.jn cyscommr'ted deemed co: petent it utfits.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1787.

the peace, on having notice from such justice of the peace of such offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they, or some or one of them, to be nominated by such justfee as aforesaid, are and is hereby required to prosecute every offender for every offence so to be suggested by such justice W have been committed against this act, at the expense of there spective parish whereof they or he are, is, or shall be, foribe time being, such officers or officer.*J

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this a St contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person or persons whomsoever, who shall lend money to any person or persons whomsoever upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum interest, without taking any further of greater profit for the loan or forbearance of such money lent, on any pretence whatsoever.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no see or gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken, or received, by any justice of the peace, his or their clerk, or by any person whomsoever, for any summons or warrant, or other proceedings whatsoever to be granted or made by any justice or justices of the peace in pursuance of this act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every the provisoes, regulations, and clauses contained in this present act, shall, from and after the said eleventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, extend to, and include the executors, administrators, and a/signs, of all and every deceased pawnbroker, in the same manner as the same extend to and include the pawnbroker, when living favc and except that no such executor or admimstrator of any f»cb deceased pawnbroker shall be answerable for any penalty or forfeiture personally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their osm moneys or estate, unless the lame shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own ad or neglect.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be filed, molested, or proi'ecuted for anything by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any ciacfe, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general iitue, and give the special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have double costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all actions, suits, informations, trials, and other proceedings in pursuance of this act, or in relation to any matter or time herein contained, any inhabitant of the parish, town, or place in which any offence or offences shall be committed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be admiued to give evidence, and shall be deemed competent

writ

259

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37.

wkoeffes, notwithstanding his, her, or their being an inhabitant or inhabitants of the parish, town, or place, wherein any such offence or offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices before whom any person shall be convicted, in maoner prescribed by this act, shall cause such respective con V id ion to be drawn up in the form, or to the effect following; (that is to say),

f TJ E it remembtrtd, That on this day of Form of conto

wit 1 DIN the year of his Majestfs reign, A.B. viction.

is convified before of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of [or, for the

riding or division of the said county of or, for the

tity, liberty, or town of as the case shall happen

to be] for and the said

do adjudge him or her to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of Given under

the day and year aforesaid.

And the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had shall cause the same, so drawn up in the form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or quarter fellioooof the peace to be held for the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general or quarter session; and in case any person or persons so convicted shall appeal from the judgement of the said justice or justices to the said general or quarter session, the justices in such general or quarter session are hereby required, upon receiving the said conviction drawn up in the form aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the directions of this act, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and no or timri shall be granted to remove any conviction, or other proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this act.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person convicted of any Appeal; offence or offences punishable by this act shall think him or herself aggrieved by the judgement of the justice or justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal to the justices at the next general or quarter session of the peace, which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such judgement shall have been given; and that the execution of the said judgement shall in such case be suspended, the person so convicted entering into a recognisance at the time of such conviction, with two sufficient sureties, in double the sum which such person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to be forth coming

S 2 to

26o

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1787.

to abide the judgement and determination of the justices in their said next general or quarter section, and to pay such costs as the said justices in such section shall award on such occasion, which recognisance the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the justices in the said general or quarter section an hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party; and if, upon the hearing of the said appeal, the judgement of the justice or justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately wy the sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such costs as the justices in the said general or quarter section shall award to be paid for defraying the ex peaces sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal, or in default of making such payment, shall suffer the resposuve pains and penalties by this act inflicted upon persons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay, the respective Anns or forfeitures by this act to be paid by or imposed upon persons respectively who shall be convicted by virtue of this act.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Continuance That this act shall continue and be in force for one year only of ad. from the first day of June in the present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty leven.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afort public act. said, That this act shall be a public act; and be judicially taken

notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for the encouragement of the arts of dtfigning and printing linens, cotton:, calicoes and muslins, by vesting the preprint thereof in the designers, printers, and proprietors, for a amid time.

[Preamble.]

From June i, 1787. the proprietor of any original pat tern for printing linen to have the sole right of printing it

WHEREAS it maybe expedient, for the encouragementsf the arts of deftgtiing original patterns for printing linens, «/ licoes, cottons, and mujlinss to vejl the property thereof in the designen % printerj, or proprietors for a limited time \ for which purpose may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it cn acted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, every person who shall invent, design, and print, or cause to be invented, designed, and printed, and become the proprietor of any new and original pattern or patterns for printing linens, cottons, callicoes, or muslins, shall have the sole right and liberty of priming and reprinting the same for the term of two months, to commence from

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 38.

fern the day of the first publishing thereof, which shall be truly printed with the name of the printer or proprietors at each end of every such piece of linen, cotton, callicoe, or mudin; and that if any callicoe printer, linen draper, or other person whatsoever, from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, within the time limited by this act, shall print, work, or copy, such original pattern or patterns, or cause to be primed, worked, or copied, such original pattern or patterns, or shall print or reprint, or cause to be printed or reprinted, any such pattern or patterns, and shall publish, fell, or expose to sale, or in any other manner dispose of, or cause to be published, sold, or exposed to sale, or in any other manner disposed of, any linen, cotton, callicoe, or muslin, so printed without the consent of the proprietor or proprietors thereof, first had and obtained in writing, signed by him or them respectively in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, knowing the same to be so printed or reprinted without the consent of the proprietor or proprietors of such pattern, then every such proprietor or proprietors shall and may, if the offence be committed in England, by and in a special action upon the case, to be brought against the person or persons so offending, recover such damages as a jury on the trial of such action, or on the execution of a writ of inquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with costs of salt, in which no wager of law, essoin, privilege, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and if the offence be committed in Scotland, every such proprietor or proprietors shall and may, by an action to be brought before the court of session, or any judge competent to try civil causes within his bounds, recover such damages as the said court of session, or the said judge, shall give or assess, and for payment whereof decree shall be issued with full costs of suit, on which all such execution shall pass as is competent by the laws and practice of Sutlond in the like cases: provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons who shall hereafter purchase any plate or plates, block or blocks, for printing, from the original proprietors thereof, to print, reprint, and expose for sale, or cause to be printed, reprinted, and exposed for sale, from the said plates or blocks, without being liable to any action on that account.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any adrion or suit shall be commenced or brought against any person or persons whatsoever, for any offence committed against this a, the same shall be brought within the space of six months after so doing, and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, if brought in England, shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and if, upon such action or suit, a verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, then the defendant or defendants shall have and receive full costs; for the recovery whereof he shall have the ft me remedy as any other defendant

for % months from first publication;

and whoever shall within that period print the same, to be liable to an action for damages;

but any per fonpurchafing plates from the proprietors may print therefrom

Mode of prosecuting for. offences against this act

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39-^41. [1787.

or defendants in any other case hath or have by law; and if such action be brought in Scotland and not insisted in, or if the defender be aflbilzicd, then the defender shall be entitled to full costs, for the recovery whereof he shall have the same remedy as herein before is given to the pursuer.

A to conti And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

rue in force That this act shall continue in force for one year, and from for one year, thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons what foe ver, without specially pleading the same.

and to the end of the then next session.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for appointing of further to inquire into thelofib and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the la*e unhappy difientions in America, in consequer.ee of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

a3 Geo. 3. c. 80, recited. Six of constituted who may appoint persons to travel in America to inquire into the facts and into the lofies in consequence of act 16 Geo. 3. c. 5. Fraudulent claims excluded from any compensation. Giving false evidence liable to the penalties of perjury. Commissioners in the colonies to continue to inquire into claims; and in case of difference, of opinion, to require the amftanccof the governor, who, in case of the death of a commissioner, is to fopplf his place. Commissioners in America may, within six months after the passing this act, take an oath before the governor, chief justice, C which shall render their acts valid. Commissioners to give an sccoust of their proceedings to the treasury and secretarjes of ttate. Treasury to pay 4.0001, to the of; for paying clerks, C Commissioners may receive half-pay. In case of the death, See. of a commissioner during the recess of parliament, his Majesty may appoint another. This act to continue one year from July 15, 1787.

CAP. XL.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themfeba for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to la, or, having been stamped, hare been lost or mi (laid; and for allowing them time to provide admjlfi* oils duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

CAP. XLI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

756, ^751. to be raised by a lottery of 50, 000 tickets at 151. as. 9d. each with other ufunl directions. 500, 0001. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any i'upplies granted this session. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets: 3 of0, 0001.: 3 of jo, gcoi.: 5 of 5, oooo 1.: 10 of 1,000l.: 20 of x.ccol.: 30 of 5001.: 100 of 100l.: ico of 50).: 15, 150 of 101. i, oooo I. to the first drawn ticket of the first day; 5joooo1. to ditto the 19th day; 1,000l. to the last drawn. Lottery to begin

drawing

2 6j

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 42, 43.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

driving: on Peb. if, 1788. The o, ooool. for the payment of the for tuiute tickets, to be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on Jane 1, 1788, C

CAP. XLII.

An act for allowing further time for the inroflment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for the relief of purchasers.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for taking and jwearing affidavits to be made use of in the uurt of session of the county palatine of Chester; and for taking of penal bail in actions and suits depending in the same coart.

WHEREAS it hath been found inconvenient that no person preamb!e.

or perfom is or are empowered to grant commissions for the

taking or wearing of affidavits, to be read and made use cf in the court of ftssion, otherwise called Great Session, for the county palatine of

Chester, before his Majesty's justices of the said courts as well of

pleas of the crown as of common pleas, and of all manner of pleas

whatsoever, in the several matters and causes depending, or hereafter

to be depending, in the said court; and that the prothonotary of the

[rid court for the time being, or his officiating deputy, have not power

oni authority to take and swear such affidavits, as aforesaid, and to

take affidavits for the jujftfication of special bails, taken in actions and

fiits in the said court; and also, that no person or persons is or are

empowered to grant commissions for the taking offpecial bails in actions

and suits in the said court; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the justices Justices of the

of the said court for the time being, or either of them, shall and court of fef

may, by one or more commission or commissions, under the fion for the

stal of the said county palatine, from time to time, as need shall 5£untjj?3

r ', r r r. tine orlnefter

require, empower such and so many person or persons as they may imp0wer

or either of them shall think fit or necessary to take and receive persons to all and every such affidavit and affidavit? as any person or per take afficia fons shall be willing to make, before any of the persons form powered, in or concerning any cause, matter, or thing, depend therein, ing, or hereafter to be depending, or in any wise concerning any ouhe proceedings to be in the said court, as the justices of his majesty's courts of king's bench and common pleas, the lord treasurer, and the chancellor and barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, or any of them, do use to do; and Prothonotary also that, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may or h'* be lawful for the prothonotary of the said court of session for the davits, said county of che/lcr for the time being, or his officiating deputy tt officio, as officers of the same court, and without such commission or commissions as aforesaid, to take and receive all and every such affidavit and affidavits as aforesaid, in or concerning such causes, matters, or things as aforesaid; f.rd affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be filed in the office of the prothonotary of the said county, and the same shall and may be

read

Persons for. swearing ihenaselves liable to the

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 43. [1787.

read and made use of in the said court, to all intents and par poses, as other affidavits taken in the said court now are; tad that all and every affidavit and affidavits', taken as aforesaid, shall be of the same force and effect as affidavits taken in the said court now are: and all and every person and perfoosfav swearing him or themselves in such affidavit or affidavits, fludl incur and be liable unto the same pains and penalties as be, (be.

as for false affidavits in open court. Manner of making out commissions for taking affidavits, See.

Fees to be

fabicpenalties or they would have incurred and been liable unto if such affida -- vit or affidavits had been made and taken in open court; whkh said several commissions shall be made out by the prothotibttry of the said court of session, upon a fiat or warrant from the Ud justices for the time being, or one of them; and the said pro thonotary shall cause an entry to be made, in a book to btfcepc for that purpose', of the names of the persons to whom fab commissions shall be from time to time granted, and of the respective times when such commissions (half be issued; and the following fees shall be paid for each commission, and no moce; (to wit): the sum of two Shillings for the fiat or warrant; the paid for such sum of four Shillings for making out the commission, bcfideslhe andfbrtaldn king's duty, and ie value of the parchment; and the fimjof affidavits. fur idlings for sealing the same: and the said prothonoury, 'and his officiating deputy, and every commissioner, or person h empowered, as aforesaid, shall take and receive, for the swearing of each affidavit before him or them, the sum or see of one to°be^taken idling, and no more: provided nevertheless, that neither any within a mile person appointed a commissioner as aforesaid, nor the said proof Chester thonotary, or his deputy, shall take or swear any affidavit within cattle during one mile of the castle or Chester during the time of holding the fessionui, ty fr the said county.

II. And, to give greater ease and benefit to the persons re/dinf within the said county palatine of Chester, tn taking recognizances if special bail in all Qftions and fusts depending or to be depending in toe said court of session; be it further enacted by the authority afore justices of the said. That the justices of the same court for the time being, or said court either of them, shall and may, by one or more commission or persons^towcf commissions under the fear of the said county palatine from time to time, as need shall require, empower such and so many person and persons (other than common attorneys or solicitors) as they or either of them shall think fit and necessary in the said county palatine of Chester, to take and receive all and every such recognisance or recognizances of bail or bails, as any person or persons shall be willing and desirous to acknowledge or make before any person so empowered, in any action or suit depending, or hereafter to be depending in the said court, in such manner and form, and by such recognisance or bail piece as special bails are usually, or by law ought to be taken; which said several list mentioned commissions shall be made out by the prothonotary iur lakin lie court upon a Sat or warrant from the said justices

such vecogni fr the L me being, or one of them, and which said recognisance aances, cor recognizances, bail piece or bail pieces, so taken as aforesaid, together with qtx affidavit made of thp due taking of the recognizances

take recognizances.

Manner of making out

commissions for taking

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. 6*43. 6(5

nixances of fucfa bail Or bail piece, by same credible person pre

feu at the taking thereof, (and which affidavit the person so

empowered to take the said bail shall be, and hereby it authorised to tike and (Wear), shall, within ten days after the taking such

bail, be transtiitted to the office of the prothonotary of the said

county, there to be filed of record upon payment of the sum of

five Shillings and fourpence; and which recognisance of bail or

bail piece, so taken and transmitted, shall be of like effect as if

the lame were taken before the justices of the fold court, in open

court; and the following fees, and no more, shall be paid for Fees to be

each of the said list mentioned commissions, and for taking the P for fotnm

acknowledgements of the bail and affidavits respecting the same; cog.

(to wit). The sum of two Shillings for the fiat or warrant; the niaancei/

ram of seven Shillings and sixpence for making out the commis

ion, besides the king's duty and parchment; the sum of four

Shillings for the seal; the sum of five Shillings for taking every

fetch acknowledgement or bail piece; and the sum of one shilling

for the swearine the affidavit of the due taking thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices for the time being shall and may make juhcesafth* fcich rules and orders for the justifying of such bails, and making, ake the same absolute, as to them shall seem meet, (b that it may riles for insti not be necessary for the cognizor or cognizors of any such bail fyng bail by or bails to appear in the said court to justify him or themselves, afidarits b.c. but that the same may be determined by affidavit or affidavits duly taken before any of the said of to be appointed as aforesaid, (or before the prothonotary of the said court for the time being, or his officiating deputy, ex officii, as officers of the said court, and without any commission for that purpose), touching the value of the respective estates, and other necessary qualifications of such cognizor or cognizors; and for the swearing of each such affidavit shall be taken the sum of one shilling, and no more: provided also nevertheless. That nothing in this p<werof pro aft contained shall prevent the prothonotary of the said court tbnotary, or for the time being, or his officiating deputy, from taking and receiving ex officio, and as officers of the said court, recognizances zacci nc of bails in actions or suits commenced, or hereafter to be com beiffefted by menced in the said court, in such manner as he and they have hi aft. done, or by law might do, and as if this act had not been

made.

IV. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ifiny person any person or persons who shall, before any person or persons r*rcf?nt an empowered by virtue of this act, as aforesaid, to take special ^invinto* bail or bails, represent or personate any other person or persons, fpcial bail, whereby the person or persons so represented or personated may he shall be be liable to the payment of any sum or sums of money for debt Judged^or damages, to be recovered in the same suit or action wherein C °* such person or persons is or are represented or personated, as if he, she, or they, had really acknowledged and entered into the same, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged, pfteemed, and taken to be a felon or felons, and shall fufifer and

incur

incur the same pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as persons con vifled of the like offences are liable to by virtue of an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for taking [pedal bails in the country, upon anions and suits depending in the courts of king's bench, common pleas, and exchequer, at Westminster.

[Preamble.]

Suits inecce fiastical courts for defamatory words to bt commenced within six months.

Limitation f suits in ecch fiastical Courts.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious suits in ecclestafical courts.

WHEREAS it is expedient to limit the time for the commencement of certain suits in the ecclesiastical courts: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and copimons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first diay of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, no salt for defamatory words shall be commenced in any of the eccle fiftica! courts within England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, unless the same shall be commenced within six calendar months from the time when such defamatory words shall have been uttered.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no suit shall be commenced in any ecclesiastical court, for fornication, or incontinence, or for (hiking or brawling in any church or churchyard, after the expiration of eight calendar months from the time when such offence shall have been committed; nor shall any prosecution be commenced or carried on for fornication at any time after the parties offending shall have lawfully intermarried.

CAP. XLV.

An act for rebuilding the pier of Margate in the isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent; for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering certain duties in lieu of the ancient and customary droits, for the support and maintenance of the said pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, highways, and public passage in the town of Margate, and pai ifh of Saint John the Baptist, in the said ille of Thanet; for settling the rates of porters, chairmen, carters, and carmen within the said town; and for preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annnoyances therein. — See IX Geo. x.c. y

CAP. XLVI.

jigeo.a.c.* An act for continuing the term of two acts made in the eleventh year jgeo.3.c.al of the reign of his late Majesty George the Second, and the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scot, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the town of Aberbrothock, and liberties thereof.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the of appointed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same fefijon, intituled An act for

2 6f

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 48.

granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fenrice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for appointing other commissioners, together with those named in the fine mentioned act, to put in execution an act of thit session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fer?ice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to enabli the east-india company to continue their warehouset already built9 and to build new warehouset exceeding certain dimensions, freed and discharged from the regulations and directions contained in an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the further and better regulation of buildings and party walls; and for the more effectually preventing mischiefs by fire within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof, and other the parishes, precincts, and places, within the weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary le Bon padding tonne. Saint Pancras and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex, and for indemnifying, under certain conditions, builders and other persons against the penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting buildings within the limits aforesaid contrary to law.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made and passed in the

frurteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled,

An act for the further and better regulation of buildings and t4geo.3 cs.

party walls; and for the more effectually preventing mischiefs

by fire within the cities of London and Westminster, and the

liberties thereof, and other the parishes, precincts, and places,

within the weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary

It Bon, Paddington, Saint Pan eras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in

the county of Middlesex and for indemnifying, under certain

conditions, builders and other persons against the penalties to

which they are or may be liable for erecting buildings within the limits aforesaid contrary to law; it was among other things,

matted, That no slack of warehouses, to be erected after the twenty

fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy four

jbmld contain more than thirty-five squares of building on tie ground

plan thereof including all the external and internal walls, and so much of the parley walls, if any as belonged to such slack of warthouses;

and that no enlargement Should be at any time thereafter made to any

slack of warehouses already built or begun so as to increase the same

beyond the said thirty fiioe squares on the ground plan including such

walls as aforesaid, except such slack of warehouses Should be separated

and divided by one or more party wall or party walls built in every

rifled according to the directions therein before contained concerning

piny walls, into divisions of not more than thirty five squares each,

including such walls as aforesaid, on the ground plan of such ware

kwfts y and tb it no slack of warehouses Should communicate with anr

slier wareheufe or building through a party IV //, unless the cloor case

and

The east-india company poffdted of and building warehouses exceeding thirty-five squares.

Expedient that the said company Should be al

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 49, 50.

[178;

and Jiill of every such communication Should be f floaty and unltfi there Should be to every fitch communication a door of wrought tren, of the thickness of a quarter of an inch at leafy in the parmels thertif; and that no timber bond or lintel Should be laid into the brick wtrktf any wall in any such slack of warehouses nearer than eighteen Mn to the opening of such communication: and whereas the united empty of merchants of England trading to the East Indies are possesseioni in the use of warehouses heretofore ere fled, which, on the ground LX thereof exceed thirty-five squares, without any division; and thej on now building, and may hereafter build other warehouses, for tie fur pose of carrying on their trcde9 which are neussary to be built of £ mentions exceeding thirty five squares, without being divided bj t party wall or party walfs9 as in the said act are expressti: ecd whereas it is expedient that the faii united company Should be eqml to continue their present warehouses, and to build new warehouses, f lowed to con dimensions convenient to their tradiy freed from the regulations ek tinue there directions of the said recited act: may it therefore please your ma es Tnde j*fty ^iat lt b.c. enacted > be it enacted by the King's build others, most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and coofent of freed from the the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present rh8fom0 a f par^ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said ac. warehouses of the said united company already erected, and

wrehouses the wareho^fes now erecting and hereafter to be erected for the of the said use of the said united company, and every of them, shall be freed company shall from, and shall not be subject unto all or any the regulations be freed from and directtons contained in the said recited act, in respect totlie dimensions thereof, without a division or divisions by a party will ad 31 or Party was '> ^ul LI Giall and may be lawful or the said united company to continue their warehouses already built and building, and hereafter to build new warehouses for their own use, of dimensions exceeding thirty-five squares, without dividing tbt same by a party wall or party walls, and freed and difclmged from the other regulations and directions mentioned and contained in the said recited act, respecting buildings in the cities of London and weflminflcty and other places in the said act mentioned; anything in the said recited act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Publicfc aft.

II. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and be deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whom foe ver, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for dividing the parish of Saint James, in the city and county of Bristol, and county of Gloucester, and for building a church, tod providing a coemetery or church yard, and parsonage house, within the new parish.

CAP. L.

An act to enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne. -- Act zo Geo. a. C 28, repealed in respect thereof.

CAP. LI.

An act for making a road from Saint bernard's Street, in the town of Leith, to the foot of Leith Walk, in the county of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging certain streets in the city of Edinburgh, and the avenues leading to the same) and for amending two several acts passed, relative to the said city, in the twenty-fifth (chap. a) and twenty sixth years (chap. 113) of his present majesty's reign.

CAP. LII.

An act for better lighting and watching the village of Camberwell, in the county of Surrey, and certain roads and other places adjoining or near thereto.

Inhabitants of Camberwell to pay ool. per ann. to the trustees of Peckham for terrace, see. 5, and discharged from patrol from Peckham to Blackman Street, see. 7. Inhabitants of Camberwell may be witnesses, see. 9.

CAP. LIII.

A8 far bitter draining and preferring certain lands and grounds witinn the level of Hatfield Chase, and parts adjacent, in the counties of York, Lincoln and Nottingham.

WHEREAS certain lands and grounds, situate within the?reamble.

level of Hatfield Chase, and parts adjacent, in the counties i/york, Lincoln, and Nottingham, being heretofore subject to be overflowed, several powers were from time to time granted to the emmissioners of sewers for the said level and parts adjacent, for the ireimetg and preserving the said lands and grounds 5 and in conference thereof the said lands and grounds have been very considerably improved, but the powers granted to the said of, as afore fdi, are not sufficient for effectually draining and preserving the said lends and grounds: and whereas the said lands and grounds might be better drained and preserved, the said of of sewers were empowered to make proper drains and other works for tkofe purpofos: end iqhereas the participants of the said level, and parts adjacent, are willing and defer ous that such drains and other works, as aforesaid, fhsuld bt made, and that the expends thereof Should be charged upon the Lnds and grounds belonging to, or held by or in trust for the said participants, and be raised in like manner as the other expends of draining and preserving the said level, and parts adjacent, are now raised: but edthough the making such drains and other works, as aforesaid, will be of great benefit and advantage to the owners and proprietors of the several lands and grounds which are liable to be overflowed as afiusaid', the same cannot be done without the aid and authority of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the commission Work to be ert of sewers for the said level of Hatfield Chase, and parrs adja done by the cent, or any six or more of them, shall and are hereby authorised and required, as soon as conveniently may be, to cause the wc

present

by

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1787.

present outfall sluice, or dough, upon a certain drain or river within the said level, called The South River, at the junction thereof with the river Trent to be taken up, and a new outfall sluice, or dough, to be built indead thereof, of the width of fifteen feet at the lead in the water way, and the threshold thereof to be laid two feet lower than the threshold of the present outfall sluice, or dough, upon the North River 5 and also to cause the said South River, for the length of one hundred and twenty chains from the said sluice or dough, to be properly scoured, cleansed, and deepened, so as the bottom thereof may be upon level with the threshold of the said new sluice or dough, and of the width of twenty feet at the lead, and to cause all the earth taken out of the said South River to be laid in bank fafhionod both fides thereof, and so as the said banks may be two feet at the lead higher than the highest high water mark in the respective drains at Althorpe, in the greated floods; and also to cade a new cut or drain to be made from the said South River (at the didance of about one hundred and twenty chains from the said sluice or dough) in such line and direction, and of such width, as they shall think proper, to join and communicate with the river Tome, at the didance of about two chains above the great bend or elbow in the said river Tcrne> wed of and near td Hirjl Hall, in the parish of Belton, in the county of Lincoln; and also to cause the said river Torn, from the junction thereof with the said new cut or drain to the second bend or elbow in the said river Torney below a place called Ross Bridge (being the space of about one hundred and seventy two chains and a half) to be properly scoured and cleansed, and made of the width of fifteen feet at the lead at the bottom of the said river; and also to cause a new cut or drain to be made from the said river Torn at the said second bend or elbow below Ross Bridge, in such line and direction, and of such width, as they shall think proper, to join and communicate with a certain drain called The New Idley on the south side of and near to the dop gate at a place oalkd Tunnel Pit 5 and also to cause the said river Torney from the junction thereof with the said South River to the said great bend of elbow near to Hirjl Hall (being the space of about ninety seven chains) to be scoured and cleansed, and made of the width of twenty feet at the lead at the bottom of the said river; and also to cause a new cut or drain to be made from the said great bend or elbow near to Hirjl Hally in such line and direction as they shall think proper, and of the width of twenty feet at the least at the bottom thereof, to join and communicate with the said river Torn at the fird bend or elbow in the said river below Refs Bridge aforesaid; and also to cause the said South River above and near to the place where the same shall communicate with the said fird memioned new cut or drain, and also above and near to the pl*ce where the said South River communicates with the said river Tcrney to be effectually dammed or dopped up; and also to cause a draw gate or (launch to be created in the bank between the said North and South rivers, with a water way

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.* 27£

tat the least, at or below the junction of the said North vith the new drain leading to the river Trent, at Keadby,

door or doors of such draw gate or (launch shall be up occasionally, whenever fresh watef shall be required iring the outfall sluice of the said South River, or for the use ein dry seasons, and for those purposes only; and for the of effectually holding up and turning the water through draw gate or (launch, to cause land doors to be erected of the (luices at the outfalls of the North and South ri ic tops of such doors to be upon the same level as the top and doors of the sluice at Keadby; and also to cause cuts is to be made from the said South River above and near elpcdive places where the same shall be so dammed or up as aforesaid, to join and communicate with a certain the said level, called The North River, each of such cuts as to be made of such width as they shall think proper Rcient for conveying the water from the said South River: said North River and the said of of sewers,

6x or more of them, shall, and are hereby also authorised quired to cause the several new cuts or drains so to be S henein before directed, and also such parts of the said liver and river Torn as are Jto be scoured and cleansed as d, to be made of such depth, and to be (loped and bat n each side in such manner, as they shall think necessary Dper, and also to cause the banks of the said South River, the said river Torn, to be repaired and amended at such is they shall judge necessary; and also to cause good and it banks to be made on each side of the said respective its or drains, of such width and height as they shall ufficient for securing and preferring the adjoining lands junds from injury or damage, by means of the said new drains; and the said of of sewers, or any six eof them, shall, and are hereby authorised and required,

1 as conveniently may be after the several works aforesaid (nplcted, to cause the said river Torn to be effectually or stopped up above and near to the said great bend or near Hirft Hall, and also between the said first and second or elbows below ros Bridge.

nd be it further enacted, That if, by the making any Bridges to be

it or drain as aforesaid, or deepening any old one, the made over the r r r ut new drains, if

of any person or persons, or of his or their cattle or necessary;

to or from his or their lands or grounds, shall be in

tedor prevented, the said of of sewers, or any

more of them, Hull and are hereby required, before such drain shall be completed, to cause such bridge or bridges

erected and made across the same as the said commission

sewers, or any six or more of them, shall judge proper

jnvenient, for the passage of the occupier or occupiers of

ands or grounds respectively, and of his and their cattle

arriages, to and from the same; and the said commission

sewers, or any six or more of them, may and are hereby

2JZ

w

Power to get materials.

Recompense to be made for damages to private lands to be

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. $ f.

authorised and empowered to cause such number of, tui (launches to be placed or made in the tanks of the said Torn, at such place and places as they shall judge conveying water from the said river into any lands or for the purpose of watering the cattle deptflored therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful said of of sewers, or any six or more of any person or persons to be by them appointed for that to get, dig, take, and carry away, any earth, clay, fcm Hones, or other materials, proper, requisite, and convi making, carrying on, and completing the several cuts or and other works herein before directed to be made, in, or over any common or wade ground, or the lands or of any person or persons (not being the feite of a house, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to any and to place, lay, and deposit any such earth, clay, (sod, Hones, or other materials upon any lands or grounds or lying near to the said intended cuts or drains, j works, and ailo to do and perform all such other works, ters, and things as the said of of sewers, or or more of them, shall, from time to time, think necessary for carrying the purposes of this act into tien.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said comi of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall, and are thorized and required, to make such recompense and tien to the owners or proprietors of the several lands and

ascertained by (not being commons or waste grounds) through, over,

arbitrators

which the said cuts or drains, and other works before i ed, shall be made, or in or upon which any materials i gotten, digged, taken, or carried away, or shall be laid posited as aforesaid, or which shall be otherwise prejudic damaged by or in consequence of the said drains and works before mentioned, for the loss or damage which - occasioned thereby, as shall be ascertained and determir two disinterested persons, to be named and appointed arb* for that purpose, one by the said of of any six or more of them, at a court of sewers to be hold that purpose, and the other by the respective owners 01 prietors of such lands or grounds; and the said arbitrators! and are hereby authorised gnd required, by such ways means as they shall think proper, to ascertain and dete the recompense and satisfaction to be made to such own If arbitrators proprietors as aforesaid; in case the said arbitrators (hath

cannot agree, agree in opinion touching any such recompense and satisfi

they are to appoint an umpire.

as aforesaid, then the said arbitrators shall and are hereby 1 ed, before the expiration of three calendar months next they shall have been named and appointed as aforesaid, to( minate and appoint some disinterested person to act as uiofj between them; which umpire shall and is hereby required, { such ways and means as lie shall think proper, to ascertain si y detcrmii

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53; 273

determine the recompense and satisfaction concerning which stich arbitrators shall not agree in opinion as aforesaid; and the arbitrators or umpire making any fitch determination as aforesaid, shall and is and are hereby required, within three calendar months next after being named and appointed as aforesaid, to inake an award concerning the premises, by writing under his or their hand or hands, and to deliver the same to the clerk of the said of, and also to deliver a duplicate thereof, signed by him or them, to the person or persons to whom such recompense and fatlfaction is directed to be made as aforesaid.

V. Provided nevertheless, That if any such arbitrators or On default of umpire shall not make and deliver his or their award and dupli arbitrators or cate within the time herein before directed for making and de rifffosummon livering the same, or in case the said of, at any court a jury, to be held after such loss or damage shall have happened, or the said respective owners, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to name or appoint such arbitrators on their respective parts, on being the reunto required, then the said of of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised and required, to issue a warrant, under their hands and seals, to the sheriff of the county wherein the lands or grounds which shall have been so damaged as aforesaid are situate, requiring him to impanel, fpmmon, and return a jury; and the said he xiff is hereby required to impanel, summon, and return a jury of twenty-four honed and indifferent men, qualified to try issues joined in his majesty's courts at Westminster, to appear before the said of, or any six or more of them, at such time and place as in such warrant shall be appointed, not being less than twenty-one days after such warrant shall be served; and out of the persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, the said of of sewers, or any six or more of them,

shall cause twelve to be drawn by bailot, who shall be the jury for the purpose aforesaid; and the parties interested shall have Jurors may be their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen, when challenged, they come to be sworn and if, by meajis of the said challenges, or other cause, there shall happen novlo be a sufficient number of the persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, to make & jury of twelve, then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the said of of sewers, or any six or more of them, and they are hereby required to add a ful^pient number of such honest and indifferent men as shall happen to be present (and who shall also be liable to be set aside, upon the lawful challenges of the said parties) to the persons so drawn by ballot as aforesaid, until they have made up the number twelve; which jury, upon their oaths, to be administered by the said of of sewers, or any six or more of them (who are hereby empowered to administer an oath to them for that purpose) shall, by writing under their hands, ascertain and determine the recompense and satisfaction to be made to the person or persons who shall have sustained any loss or damage as aforesaid;

274. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1787.

for the better ascertaining thereof, all and every witness or wit nefle$ who shall be produced to be examined for that purpose shall be examined on oath before the said jury, and it shall be lawful for the said of of sewers, or any six of them, and they are hereby empowered to administer an oath to such witness or witnesses for that purpose; and every such award and determination as aforesaid shall be final, binding, and condusive unto and upon all and every the parties interested; and the recompense and satisfaction, to be ascertained and determined as aforesaid, shall be paid by the said of of sewers, or any six or more of them, within six calendar months next after the same shall be ascertained and determined as aforesaid; which recompense and satisfaction, to be made in respect of such lands or grounds (if any) as belong to anybody politic or corporate, or are held in trust for any person or persons, shall be paid to such person or persons as the said of of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall think proper, in trust to be, with all convenient speed, inverted in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to the like uses, trusts, and limitations, as the lands or grounds, in respect whereof such recompense and satisfaction shall become payable, shall be respectively settled or limited; and that / the lands or grounds which shall be slaked or set out for making the said new cuts or drains, or other works aforesaid, shall, from and after the same shall be so slaked or set out, be, and the same are hereby vested in the said participants, their heirs and assigns, for ever.

Recompense

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said of to be made of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall, and are hereby auto commons. l*10r'ze^ anc squired to pay such sum or sums of money, as a recompense and satisfaction for the damage which shall be done to any commons or waste grounds, by making any of the said cuts or drains, and for the vailue of so much of the said commons or waste grounds as shall be taken or used for the purpose of making the said cuts or drains, as shall be ascertained and determined by a jury in manner aforesaid, which money shall be paid into the hands of the expenditor to the said participants, and shall be applied in making drains and other works for draining the said commons or waste grounds, in such manner as the said of of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall from time to time direct and appoint.

VII. And whereas it may be found expedient to erect an additional fluke upon the Keadby new river or drain, in the bank of the rivtr rower to Trent, in the parish of Keadby, in the county of Lincoln; be it diti^na?sluice t^iere^orc ena<^cd, That the said of of sewers, or upon Keadby any f, X or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and liver. empowered, if they shall judge u proper or expedient, at the request of the major part in value of the said participants, assembled at a meeting to be held for that purpose, pursuant to notice to be given fourteen days at the lead before such meeting, in the newspaper, called The York Courant, and in some newspaper

*75

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.

paper published or circulated within the county of Lincoln 5 or at the request in writing, to which they shall subscribe, their names (after the aforesaid works shall have been made and completed) of the majority of the owners in value of lands and grounds (giving the like notice of their intentions as is herein required from the participants) on the north and south Tides of the aforesaid drains, and on the north and south fides of the Keadby new drain, upon producing to the said of of sewers, satisfactory evidence from two known, skilful, and experienced engineers or surveyors, one to be appointed by the said majority of owners in value, and the other by the majority in value of the said participants, that such additional sluice will be evidently necessary for the prevention of the overflowing of the lands and grounds of the several and respective owners on the north and south Tides of the drains intended to be continued and made in consequence of this act, and of the owners and proprietors of the lands and grounds lying on the north and south fides of the Keadby new drain, to cause a new additional

lluice to be made upon the said Keadby new river or drain, in the bank of the said river Trent, near to the present sluice at Keadby aforesaid, the same to be made upon the lands of the said participants, and to be of such fixe and dimensions as the said of of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall think proper and expedient, such additional sluice to have land doors, and the tops thereof to be of the same level with those of the present sluice at Keadby aforesaid.

VIII. And, in order to raise money for defraying the charges and expmees of obtaining and passing this and carrying the purposes thereof into execution, be it further enacted, That it shall he law Lands of the full for the said of of sewers, or any six or more of par^icip£"l8 them, to a fiefs, rate, and charge the several lands and grounds she prrpo within the said level, belonging to the said participants, with fcs0f the act. such annual sum or sums of money as shall be sufficient for

paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the obtaining and passing of this act, and also of carrying the same into execution, in like manner as the said of of sewers, or any of them, are authorised to assess, rate, or charge the same lands or grounds, for the support and preservation of the present works of drainage within the said level, and parts adjacent, so that such sum or Turns of money, so to be assessed, rated, and charged upon the said respective lands and grounds, or upon the respective owners or proprietors thereof, in pursuance of this act, as before mentioned, do and shall bear an equal proportion with the respective sums of money heretofore rated and charged upon or in respect of the same lands and grounds respectively, for the support and preservation of the present works of drainage within the said level, and parts adjacent.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the rates Tenants to

or sums of money to be assessed, rated, and charged by the said pay the taxes, of of sewers, or any six or more of them, by virtue and deduct of this act, shall be paid by the respective tenants or occupiersoftheirrents

of

2j6

fornrver fecu ritic8 not to be affected.

Works to be

reoaired at the expense of the participants.

Far; C pants to ir.ahc good t'amages oc C Jlio' td by defect in the banks, canno

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1787.

of the lands and grounds which shall be charged with the same, and such tenants or occupiers shall and may, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to retain and deduct the same out of the rents payable by them respectively to the owners or proprietors of such lands and grounds, and the said of of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall have and exercise such and the like powers and remedies for recovering payment of the rates or sums of money so to be assessed, rated, and charged by them as aforesaid, when the same shall be in arrear, as by the laws now in being relating to sewers are granted to the taid of of sewers, or any of them, for the recovering the arrears of any taxes or rates of sewers.

X. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this act contained shall in anywise affecf, impeach, or lessen any right or priority of claim, which any person or persons whols or are entitled to the money borrowed for the purpose of draining and preserving the said level, and parts adjacent, on the security of the lands and grounds belonging to, or held by or in trust for the participants of the said level, now hath or have upon such lands and grounds, in respect of the money so borrowed and advanced, and the interest thereof, but that such lands and grounds shall, in the first place, be subject and liable to the payment of such mortey, and the interest for the same, anything in this act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when the said new cuts or drains, and other the works herein before directed to be made and done, shall be made and perfected, the same shall for evet afterwards be cleansed, scoured, repaired, and supported, under the control, direction, and jurisdiction of the commissioners of sewers for the said level, and parts adjacent, by and at the expense of the said participants, in like manner as the other works of drainage within the said level are or ought to be cleansed, scoured, repaired, and supported.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any defect or

deficiency in the said banks, drains, sluices, or other works, or neglect in scouring the said drains and outfalls, and the said participants shall refuse or neglect to repair the said banks, drains, sluices, and other works, and scour and open the said outfalls, or any of them, within a reasonable time afrer notice in writing to be given for that purpose, and delivered to their expenditor for the time being, or left at his usual place of abode, then and in such case the said participants, their several and respective heirs and assigns, shall be answerable for any damage to arise to the lands and grounds of any person or persons, or to any crop or crops, stock or effects thereon, in conference of such defect or deficiehcy in the said banks, drains, sluices, or other works, or neglect to scour and open the said outfalls, the same to be recovered by action in any of his majesty's courts at ivcftminfitr, notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary; and that for this purpose only the said

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. 277

said participants may, after the completion of the several works hereinbefore directed, be sued and impleacted, by and in the name of The Participants of the Level of Hatfield Chase, and Parts adjaunty in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham \ and that such name or description shall be of the same effect and avail, to all intents and purposes, as if the said participants had been described in such action or actions by their respective proper personal names and additions, or descriptions; and that process issuing out of any of his majesty's courts of law or equity against the said participants shall and may beferved upon the expenditor for the time being employed by and under the said participants, and that the same shall be deemed and taken to be good and lawful service upon the said participants.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no ad, order, or pro No act of the ceeding of the said of of sewers, or any of them, in commission the execution of this act, shall be valid, unless made or done at Jj a court of sewers to be held for the said level, or parts adja done at a cent; and all orders and proceedings of the said of court of few of sewers, made in pursuance of this act, shall be entered in the ers? and Pr book of records of the court of sewers for the said level, and cmemtin0^ parts adjacent; and such orders and proceedings, when entered, books of recall be deemed and taken to be original orders and proceed cords of few ings, and shall and may be produced and read in evidence in cr8* all cases of appeals, suits, actions, or other proceedings, touching anything which shall be done in pursuance of this act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Owners of the owners or proprietors of, or persons interested in, any commons or waste lands through which any new cut or drain shall drains be made by virtue of this act, to make any drain or drains in or to communi through the same, for the drainage thereof, to communicate cate with the with such new cut or drain, and for that purpose to build and new drams ered such doughs, tunnels, and (luices in the bank of such new drain as they shall think proper, but so as not to impede or obstruct the drainage hereby intended, or to prejudice or damage the banks of any such new cut or drajn, or any other of the works hereby directed to be made.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Proprietors of the owners or proprietors of, or persons interested in, any lands j*ntj9

in dlthorpe or Keadby, lying adjacent to the said north and south m°ypmake* rivers, and of any lands on the north or south fides of the Keadby drains drain, at any time or times hereafter to make any drain or drains through the into or through the banks of the said rivers, or either of them, banks of the or of the Keadby drairs, and also to build, ered, or place, in or othvrworks upon such banks, or either of them, or upon any ground near for draining or adjoining thereto, such doughs, (luices, tunnels, or other their lands, engines for draining, as they shall think proper, but so as not to impede or obstruct the drainage hereby intended, or to prejudice or damage the banks of the said rivers, or either of them, or of the said Keadby drain.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no owner or occupier Noprrfons to of any lands and grounds, or any other person or persons, shall the bar

278 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 54, 55. [1787.

obstruct the use either of the banks which shall be made on the fides of any drainage. Gf the said new cuts or drains, as a road or way, or otherwise prejudice or damage the same, or make any dams, or cause any obstructions within any of the said new cuts or drains, or io any other manner hinder, obstruct, or impede the free course and passage of the water along the same.

Lands in Ga

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it dmtacks may shall be lawful for the respective owners or proprietors of the throush^he ans anc grounds lying in a place called The Gadintach, within tunnel, at the said level, to drain such lands and grounds, either through tunnel pit, or by means of a tunnel of the same dimensions as the present or the new tunnel, to be laid under the said new cut or drain, or to drain into cut the said new cut or drain to be made to the said drain, called The New Idle, as aforesaid, as to them shall seem proper. Limitation of

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action, suit actions. or information shall be brought against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance or execution of the powers by this act given, every such action, suit, or information, shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the committed, and not afterwards, and the person or persons so General issue. sue or prosecuted shall or may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, without specially pleading the same, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by virtue of this act, and if in replevin may justify and avow by virtue of this act, as persons acting by authority of of of sewers are enabled to do.

public act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIV.

An act to render effectual the purchase of a house, situate in the pariflt of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex, to be used aaa additional workhouse for the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of Westminster; and for other purposes.

[Public act.]

Purchase of a house, C in the parish of St. Luke Chelsea, confirmed. Persons who have applied the poors rates towards the said purchase, are indemnified. Said house, CC to be deemed part of Saint George's parish. Compensation to be made to the parish of St. Luke, C yearly; to the parish 61. ijs. 4d. and to the rector 3l. 3s. When the said house shall cease to be used as a workhouse for St. George's, the annual payments to cease. Inhabitants of St. luke's parish indemnified from ail costs, C

CAP. LV.

An act for altering and extending the line of the cut or canal authorised to be made and maintained by so much of several acts made in the eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as authorises the making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the frith or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carron, in the county of Stirling, to the frith or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir flurnfoot, in the

county

m

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56 — 60.

county of Dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow; for deepening the said cut or canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said cut or canal.

See 8 Geo. 3. c. 63. XI Geo. 3. c. 6a. 13 Geo. 3. c. 104. and 14 Geo. 3. c. 59.

CAP. LVI.

An act for enabling the magistrates and town council of Paisley to improve the navigation of the river Cart, and to make a navigable cut or canal across the turnpike road leading from Glasgow to Greenock.

CAP. LVII.

An act for continuing and amending several afta, made in the third year of the reign of King George the First, the tenth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty on the tonnage of hipping, and a duty on goods imported and exported into and out of the port of the said town, for the better repairing of the said harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the ft recti, and other publick places, within the said town, and widening the streets where necessary, and removing and preventing nuisances therein.

See 9 Geo. 1. c. 6. zo Geo. a. C 7. and a Geo. 3. C S5

CAP. LVIII.

An act for vesting the feite, buildings, and other the premises belonging to the old gaol or prison of the county of Sussex, in trustees, for the purpose of conveying the same to the right honourable Frances vif cosntefs Irwin, and her heirs; and to declare the new gaol or prison lately built, to be the common gaol for the said county.

On payment of aol. by lady Irwin.

CAP LIX.

An act for making and declaring the gaol for the county of Devon, called the High Gaol, a public and common eaol; and for discharging Denys Roll and John Roll, esquires, and their respective heirs and assign3 from the office of keeper of the said gaol; and for improving and enlarging the same, or building a new one; and also for taking down the chapel in the cattle of Exeter; and for other purpo _ let therein mentioned.

Denys and John Roll and the manor of Bifton discharged on payment

of i, ooool.

CAP. LX.

An act for building a new gaol, and providing a proper prison for debtors, and house of correction for the several boroughs, towns

corporate, liberties, franchises, and all other places, within the county of Stafford; and for regulating the same respectively.

a8o

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C.

[1787.

CAP. LXI.

An act for taking down the guild ball or town ball in the borough of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, and rebuilding the same.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Joke of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, is an extensive liberty, including the several towns and parishes herein after mentioned, in a disbift of several miles, (that is to say), Grantham, Great Gonerby, Great Ponton, Easton, South Stoke, Colfterworth cum Woolfthorpe, Harlaxton, Denton, Belton, Barkfton, Manthorpe, Londonthorpe, Braceby, end Sapperton: and whereas there is a guild hall or townhall within the said borough, in which the justices of the peace for the said borough and soke have immemorially held sessions of the peace for the said borough and soke when need required, and in the said building is a session or courthouse for that purpose, and likewise rooms adjoining for the use of the said justices, and the juries, and certain apartments for the refedence of a gaoler, and also a gaol for the confinement of prisoners: whereas the whole of the said building is very ancient, and the room wherein the said sessions are held, and the said gaol in particular, are in Jucha slate of decay, and so incapable of being repaired, that it is judged quite necessary to rebuild the same: and whereas the inhabitants of the said soke of Grantham have been ufei immemorially to defray the expense of repairing the said guild kali er townhall; but a fund sufficient for the expense of rebuilding the same cannot be raised without the assifiance of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the au commission thority of the same, That all persons who now are, or hereafter ere. 1 shall be, justices of the peace for the said borough and soke of Grantham, shall be, and they are hereby constituted of for taking down the guild hall or townhall, in the borough of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, and rebuilding the same, and for executing such of the powers of this act as are herein after entrusted to them the said of Comminion

II. And be it further enacted, That the said commi (Turners,rs meetings, or any seven or more of them, shall meet at the present townhall, in the borough aforesaid, on the Tuesday fortnight after the passing of this act, between the hours of ten in the forenoon and four in the afternoon of the same day, and proceed to the execution of this act 5 and the said of, or any seven or mocsjqf them, may then, and from time to time afterwards, adjsum themselves to meet, for putting this act in execution, arrhe said town hall, until the same shall be taken down, or at fuel other place within the said borough as the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper, and after the said townhall shall be rebuilt and fit for use, do and shall adjourn to, and from time to time hold their future meet I ing$ in the new townhall to be erected in the room of the present

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6r.

sent townhall; and if at any of the said meetings the of present shall omit or neglect to adjourn such meeting to another day, or if there shall not appear a sufficient number of of to adjourn, then, and in every such case, every such meeting or intended meeting shall be and is hereby adjourned to the day three weeks next after the day on which such meeting was held, or such in.ended meeting was appointed to be held, and so from three weeks to three weeks till a sufficient number of the said of do or shall meet and adjourn, and six days public notice of every such adjournment shall be given by the clerk to the said of as herein after mentioned; and at any meeting of the said of, no business shall be begun or proceeded upon before the hour of Ten in the forenoon, nor shall any adjournment be made to any later hour than four in the afternoon; and the of To pay their at all their meetings shall defray their own expenses. ownexpcncct.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said of, At yearly or any seven or more of them, shall and they are hereby re meetings to quired to meet at the place or places aforesaid, on the Monday

in Easter week yearly, which shall be called a General Meeting of the said commissioners, and at all such general meetings the accounts of all moneys received and paid from time to time, by virtue and in execution of this act, by any person or persons whomsoever, shall be produced, dated, examined, settled, and verified on the oath or oaths of tl\e person or persons accounting for the same, if such oath or oaths shall be required by the majority of the of at such meeting present; which oath the said of, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where notice How notice is by this act directed to be given of any meeting of the said of meeting of, or of anything to be done by the said commis shall be give, sioners, or any of them, in execution of any of the powers hereby

granted, such notice shall be in writing, and signed by the clerk to the said of, or by any one or more of the said Commissioners, and fixed upon the cross in the market place of, or other public and conspicuous place in, Grantham aforesaid, on some market day at lead ten days before such intended meeting, except in such cases wherein a different time is hereby directed for such notice to be given, and then for the time so directed; and that in every such notice the time of meeting of the said of, and the particular business or thing intended to be transadfed or done thereat, shall be mentioned or set forth.

V. And be it further enacted, That at every meeting of the A chairman commissioners in pursuance of this act, the of then to be present, or a majority of them, shall name and appoint, or otherwise elect by ballot, a chairman or president of such meet ing. ing, and all questions proposed or agitated at every such meeting shall be determined by a majority of the of then present; and in case of an equal number of voices or votes f ^hv" the°

carting vote.

£82

All proceedings to be at meetings pursuant to this act;

method of altering the m,

For anpointing officers.

Officers to account.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6r.

[1787.

the of so assembled upon any such question, including the voice or vote of the said chairman or president, then the chairman or president shall have the calling and decisive voice or vote.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all acts, orders, relblu tiens, determinations, and proceedings, of the said cotnmif sioners, or any seven or more of them, in execution of any of the powers hereby granted, shall be made and signed, by the of making the same, at their meetings to be held in pursuance of this act, and not otherwise; and that no act, order,

resolution, determination, or proceeding of the said of, so made and signed as aforesaid, shall afterwards be altered, revoked, repealed, or set aside by any subsequent ad, resolution, proceeding, or order of the of, unless the number of of desiring or voting for such alteration, revocation, or repeal, shall be greater than the number of of who concurred in making such ad, order, resolution, determination, or proceeding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said of, or any seven or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time to appoint (it and proper persons to be collectors and receivers of the rates and assessments by this act authorised to becolleded as herein after mentioned, and also a proper person or persons to be clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers, and such other officer or officers, and persons, as the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper for carrying this act into execution; and shall and are hereby required to take such security as they shall think proper from every such treasurer, for the due execution of his office; and such collectors and receivers, clerks, treasurers, and other officers and persons, or any of them, from time to time to remove or displace, and to appoint others in the rooms and places of such of them as shall be so removed or displaced, or who shall die, six days public notice of the time and place of meeting for every such appointment br removal being given, as herein before mentioned; and the said of, or any seven or more of them, may, and are hereby authorised and empowered, out of the moneys which shall arise by virtue of this act, to allow and pay to such collectors or*receivers, clerks, treasurers, and other officers and persons to be employed as aforesaid, such salaries, rewards, wages, and allowances, for their attendance, care, and service, as to the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the collectors, receivers, clerks, treasurers, and other officers who shall be appointed as aforesaid, and all and every other person and persons who shall have received any of the moneys to be raised, collected, or received for the purposes or by virtue of this act, and his, her, and their respective executors and administrators, shall from time to time, and as often as he, she, or they shall be thereto ordered or required by the said of, or any

_ fevea

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 61.

seven or more of them, render and give to the said commission erc, or any seven or more of them, full, true, and fair accounts in writing of all the moneys which shall have been by them respectively, or by their respective testators or inteftaies, had, collected, or received, and how, to whom, and for what purpose, such moneys, and every part thereof, shall have been paid, together with the proper receipts and vouchers for such payments $ and they shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such moneys as, upon the balance of such accounts, shall appear to be in their respective hands, to such person or persons, and at such times, as they the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint; and that all and every the said officers and persons so accounting shall, upon their several oaths, if such oaths shall be required by a majority of the of assembled at their meeting to be held for that purpose (which oaths the said of, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby authorised and required to administer) verify their said accounts, and the particular items and articles thereof, and the several receipts and payments which shall be therein contained; and if any of the said officers or persons shall refuse or neglect so render or give such account or accounts as aforesaid, or to produce or deliver up to the said of, or any seven or more of them, the receipts and vouchers relating to the same, or to verify the items or articles thereof upon oath, if such oath shall be required as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to pay all such money as upon the balance of any account or accounts shall appear to be in their respective hands, to such person or persons as the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint to receive the same as aforesaid, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, the said of, or any seven or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the names of the said of, or any seven or mofe of them, or in the name of the clerk to the said of, against the officer or officers, person or persons respectively, who shall so neglect or refuse as aforesaid, or if complaint shall be made by the said of, or any seven or more of them, of any such refusal or neglect as aforesaid, to any justice of the peace for the said borough, such justice may and is hereby authorised and required to summon the officer or officers, person or persons, so refuting or neglecting, to appear before him, at a time and place in such summons to be mentioned, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing (the service of such summons being proved by the oath of one credible witness, which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer) to hear and determine the matter of such complaint in a futn mary way, and to settle the said account or accounts, if produced, in such manner as the said of, or any seven or more of them, by virtue of this atft might have done; and if, upon the confession of the officer or officers, person or persons against whom such complaint or complaints shall be made, or

The guild hall or townhall to be taken down and rebuilt.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C.

[1787.

by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths such justice is hereby empowered toadmi nifter) it shall appear to such justice that any of the moneys, which shall have been collected or received by virtue of or for the purposes of this at, shall be in the hands of such officer or J officers, person or persons, such justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, upon nonpayment thereof, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons respectively, and if sufficient goods and chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons, cannot be found to answer and satisfy the said money, and the charges of 1 levying and raising the same, or if such officer or officers, peri son or persons shall not appear before the said justice at the time and place by him appointed in'such summons, or, if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to deliver to the said justice such account or accounts of the receipts and payments as aforesaid, or to produce or deliver up to the said justice the several receipts and vouchers relating to such accounts respectively, and to verify the same, and the items and articles thereof, upon oath as aforesaid, if required as aforesaid, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, the said justice may, and is hereby authorised and rquired, by warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to cause such officer or officers, person or persons, to be committed to the prison for the said borough and soke, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until be or they shall have delivered and settled his or their respective accounts, and verified the items and articles thereof upon oath, if required as aforesaid, and shall have produced and delivered. up the receipts and vouchers relating to such accounts respectively, and shall have paid all moneys which shall appear to be in his or their respective hands, and the reasonable charges attending the recovery thereof, or shall have compounded with the said of, or any seven or more of them, for the same; which said compositions and moneys the said of, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to make and receive.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said of, or any seven or more of them, to cause to be taken down the present guild hall or townhall in the said borough, and the buildings thereto belonging, and to eredfc and build, or cause to be erected and built, on the ground whereon the same (land, or on Tome part or parts thereof, and the ground thereto adjoining and belonging, or on some part or parts thereof, a new guild hall or townhall, with a session or courthouse, and rooms and apartments for the use of the said justices, and the juries attending the sessions from time to time to be held for the said borough and soke, and for the residence of a gaoler, and for the transacting the business of the said justices, and also a gaol for the confinement of prisoners and debtors, in such manner as the said of,

missioner, or any seven or more of them, shall adjudge requisite for rendering the said gaol more secure and commodious, and bed calculated to answer the respective purposes of this all.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing No proceed in this all contained shall extend to authorise the said commis ingstobe had ficners to begin to build such new guild hall or townhall, fef te pro lion or courthouse, rooms or apartments, or gaol, or sit up or ^uccd. P provide the same with necessary accommodations, until a proper

plan for such new guild hall, or townhall, session or courthouse, rooms or apartments, and gaol, and an exalt estimate of the expense of taking down, new building, and sitting up, and providing the same with necessary accommodations, shall have been first formed, nor unless such plan and estimate shall have been agreed to by a majority of the said of, at some general meeting or meetings to be particularly called for that purpose of which meeting and meetings, and of the subject matter thereof, eight days notice at the lead shall be given, in manner herein before di relied, nor until an agreement or agreements shall have been entered into by one or more able and experienced workman or workmen, with two sufficient securities on his or their behalf, for the due execution of the said plan, at the price or sum of money mentioned in such estimate as aforesaid, under the inspection of a surveyor or surveyors to be appointed by the said of, or any seven or more of them, assembled at such meeting or meetings for that purpose.

XI. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority impowering aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said of, or the commit' any seven or more of them, to make such contrail or contrails, fionerstocon and in such manner as they shall think proper, with any person cu^e°these or persons whomsoever, for and towards the taking down and work. rebuilding the said guild hall or townhall, and all other works

and business to be done in executing the purposes of this all, vrhich contrail or contrails shall be signed by the clerk of the said of, or his deputy, by the order of any seven or more of them, and also by the person or persons so respectively contrasting, and shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the clerk of the said of, or his deputy; but previous to the making any such contrail or contrails ten days notice at the lead shall be given in manner herein before directed, expressing the nature of such contrails, in order that any person or persons may have an opportunity of sending proposals under seal to the said of clerk, or his deputy, or of making such proposals, at a certain time and place in such notice to be mentioned; and the said of, or any seven or more of them, so assembled as aforesaid, (half take such security for the performance of any contrail or contrails for the purposes aforesaid, as to the said of shall seem necessary; that it shall be lawful for the said of, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby direhed to cause all and every the works to be done in pursuance of this a St to be inspelled by a surveyor, or such other skilful person or

*. persons

?86

That actions shall not abate on the death of the clerk,

Impowering the commissioners to appoint committees.

For punishing persons ob struaing the work.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 61. [1787.

persons as they shall from time to time appoint, and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the true intent and meaning of such contract or contrasts»be entered into in that behalf, or shall not be finiffiedor completed at or within the time or time that the same is or are agreed to be completed, such surveyor or other person or persons shall report the same to the said of, or any seven or more of them, at the next or any subsequent meeting who shall and may, in the name of their clerk, or his deputy for the time being, bring an action of debt or upon the case, in any of his Majesty's courts of law at Westminster, again any person or persons so contracting, and neglecting 16 perform the same in the manner or in the time set forth in any such contract, for any penalty or penalties which shall be contained in any such contract or security, or for any breach of covenants or agreements therein respectively to be contained, and on proving the signing the same, and nonperformance thereof, the said clerk or his deputy shall be entitled to, and shall recover such penalty or penalties, and which, when recovered, shall be applied for the purposes of this act, and all the necessary costs and charges to be incurred in or about the carrying on such respective affions and proceedings, or any of them, shall be paid out of the moneys assessed, raised, and levied for the purposes of this act.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no adiefnor proceedings shall abate or be discontinued upon the death or removal of such clerk, or his deputy, but be carried on in the name of his successor, or his deputy.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said of, or any seven or mttre of them, may, if they think fit, nominate and appoint one or more committee or committees, and every such committee so appointed shall superintend, regulate, and control speh artificers, officers, and workmen, as shall be employed by the said of, and shall see to the due per. of such contracts and agreements as may be entered into for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, and all orders and instructions signed by the majority of any such committee, provided they do not exceed the limits of the orders of the of at large, shall be binding on such artificers, officers, and workmen.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall wilfully and maliciously obstruct the erecting, building, or repairing the said guild hall or townhall, gaol, or other buildings hereby directed to be built, or wilfully or maliciously pull down, damage, or destroy the same, or any part thereof, every person so offending, and being lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cases of felony, and the court by and before whom any such person shall be tried and convicted shall have power and authority to cause such person to be punched in like maimer as felons are directed to be punished by the laws and Statutes of this realm; and the said of,

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6t. 287

or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to prefer, or cause to be preferred, any bill or bills of indictment against any person or persons whatsoever whom they shall have cause to prosecute.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all timber, stone, Materials not bricks, dates, or tiles, and other materials, to be made use of, of^ontras^ or which shall be collected to be made use of, by the order of 0rs to be vest the said of, or any seven or more of them, for builded in the coming and completing the said guild hall or townhall, or other nuifioners. building or work carrying on for the purposes of this act, and which may not be the immediate property of any agent or agents of the said of, or persons contracting with them, shall be vested in the said of, and they, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and im powered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name of their clerk, or his deputy, or to prefer, or cause to be preferred, any bill or bills of indictment against any person or persons who shall steal, take, or damage, any such materials, or disturb them in the possession thereof.

XVI. And, for the purpose of taking down the said guild hall or town holly and for the fretting, completing, and fimshing a new guild hull or tnvn ball, session or courthouse, and other buildings as aforesaid,

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be For raising lawful for the said of, or any seven or more of them, money by a and they are hereby required, once in every year, to assess, by a rate separate rate or assessment, such sum and sums of money as shall not exceed in the whole, in any one year, the sum of threepence in the pound upon the several owners, tenants, or occupiers of all houses, buildings, and lands within the said borough and soke, which rate or assessment shall be laid and collected upon and from the several and respective towns and hamlets within the said soke, in such and the same manner and proportion as the rates or assessments for the purpose of passing vagrants, and repairing the said guild hall and townhall, commonly called The Vagrant assessment, now are, and for several years last past have been laid upon and collected from each such town and hamlet, and in no higher proportion 5 and the first year for which such rate and assessment shall be made shall commence at and be computed from the first meeting for putting this act in exteu tien, or from such time after passing the same, as the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall at such or any subsequent meeting order, director appoint; and the moneys to be so rated and assessed shall from time to time be paid to the Tespective collectors or receivers to be appointed as aforesaid, or to the officer or officers employed, from time to time, in collecting the vagrant assessment within each town and hamlet within the said soke, as the of, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper, and be by such collectors or receivers, officer or officers respectively, paid over into the hands of such person or persons, and at such time, as the said commissioners.

288 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 61. f 1787.

sioners, or any seven or more of them, shall order, dire, orj appoint.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*of That in case any person or persons so rated, charged, or iffefid| recovery. as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such rate or

assessments for the space of ten days after personal demand made, or demand in writing, under the hand or hands of the said col, ledtor or collectors, officer or officers, left at the dwelling house or last place of abode of such person or persons so refusing or, neglecting to pay as aforesaid, then, upon due proof on oath, ( before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said. borough and soke (which oath he or they is or are hereby inn? powered to administer) of any such demand and nonpayment such justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby author raid; and required, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seats, to authorise and direct the said collector or collectors, officer or officers retyectively, to levy such rates or moneys as soon as may be, by distress and fate of the goods andf chattels of every such person and persons so refusing or neglect j ing to pay as aforesaid, where such goods and chattels can be found, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels on demand, after deducting the colts

and charges, to be ascertained by such justice or justices, an tending such distress and sale.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Persons ag authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall think ?Sribya - himself herfejf, or themselves aggrieved by any rate or

ap" went which shall be made or laid in pursuance of this act, suck, person or persons may appeal to the said of assembled

at any meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, withic twenty days next after demand made of such rate or assessment but if no meeting shall be held within such time, then at they first meeting which shall be held in pursuance of this act, aft the expiration of the said twenty days \ and the said of, or any seven or more of them, at such meeting assembled, are hereby authorised and empowered, if they shall thin such person or persons aggrieved, to give such relief in the pre mises as to them shall seem reasonable and the determinatkx therein of the said of, or the major part of them, a such meeting, shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

XIX. Andy for the more speedily raising a fund for the purpofi Rates may be of this at, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful forth mortgaged, fjj of, or any seven or more of them, at their firi

or any subsequent meeting to be held inp urfuance of this act, t borrow and take up, on the credit of the rates and ai&i ments to be laid by virtue of this act upon the owners or occupiers of houses and lands within the said borough and soke, i specific or separate sums, not less than fifty pounds, or mor than one hundred pounds each, at legal or lower interest, a they the said of, or any seven or more of them

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 61. 289

shall think fit, so as the irioney to be t'aised for the purposes of taking down the present guild hall or town halt, and erecting, completing, and fioishing a new guild hall or townhall, session or Courthouse, and other buildings as aforesaid, and all other expenses of the said of in putting tins act in execution, do not exceed in the whole the sum of one thousand pounds; and for securing all and every such sum and sums of money so borrowed, the said commissioners, or any feveiv or more of them, may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, by any writing or writings under their hands and seals, to mortgage, demise, grant, or assign the said rates and assess tnents, or any part or parts thereof, (the charges of such mortgages, demises, grants, or assignments, to be paid for thereout), to any person or persons, as a security or securities for the money which shall be so borrowed, and the interest thereof; and copies of all such mortgages, demises, or alignments, shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to the said of; but no money shall be borrowed by virtue of this act, after the said first meeting of the said of, unless fourteen days public notice of the meeting or the borrowing of such money shall be given, as herein before directed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all persons to whom Mortgagees such mortgages, demises, grants, or assignments shall be made, to becredi shall be, in proportion to the sum or sums therein respectively j°r8*nc<jual mentioned creditors on the said rates and assessments so to be C mortgaged as aforesaid, in equal degree one with another, and shall not have any preference with respect to the priority of advancing any (bch moneys, or the dates of their respective mort

XI. And be it further enacted, That the form of every assignment to be made by virtue of this act, as a security foj any sum or sums of motley to be borrowed on the credit thereof, shall be in the words following, or in any other words to that purpose; '(that is to say).

By virtue of an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign Form of af of his majesty King George the Thirds for taking down the signment. guild hall or towh hall in the borough of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, and rebuilding the same, we even of the comissioners appointed by and in pursuance of the said afly in consideration of the sum of advanced and lent by

A.B. upon the credit and for the purposes of the said do grants bargain, felly and demise unto the said A. 8. his executors, administrators, and assigns, such proportion of the rates and moneys arising bj virtue of the said act as the said sum of doth

trjfal! bear to the whole sum which may at any time be borrowed or become dm and owing or charged upon the credit of the said afi, to be bad and held from thit day of in

the jear of our Lord until the said

[am of with inter eji for the same, after

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6r.

[1787.

the rate of per centum per annum, shall be repoid

and fan fed.

And all and every person or persons to whom any such assignment or assignments shall be made, by the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall be equally entitled tohii or their proportion of the said rates and moneys, according to their respective sums in such assignments mentioned to be advanced, to secure the repayment thereof, with such interest as therein specified, without any preference by reason of priority of assignment, or any other matter whatsoever; and entries or memoranda of every such assignment, containing the dates, names of the parties, and sums borrowed, shall be made in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to the said of, and which shall and may be inspecded at all seasonable times by all persons whomsoever, without fee or reward; and all and every person or persons to whom any such assignment or assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the money thereby secured, may from time to time transfer or assign over his, her, or their right, title, and interest to the principal and interest money thereby secured, to any person or persons whomsoever, by endorsement on the back of such security, or other writing to be annexed thereto, signed*two or more credible witnesses, in the words fallowing, or to the like effect: '

Formoftranr T Do transfer this [or the annexed] alignment, with all my rifo fcr# X and title to the principal money hereby [or thereby ] fecund, ani

all the interest now due and to become due for the same, to C D. his executors, administrators, and ajfxgns. Dated this day if

witness E. F. A.B.

G. H.

Which said transfer or assignment shall be produced and notified to the clerk to the said of for the time being, who shall register and enter the same in the said book or books to be kept for entering the said original assignment, for doing whereof he shall be paid two Shillings and sixpence, by the pet son requesting the same; and after such entt7 thereof made, and not till then, every such transfer shall entitle such assignee, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and such assignees may in like manner transfer and assign again, and so toties queries, such transfer being entered and paid for as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the power of such person or persons, who shall have made such assignment or transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any money due thereon.

Time to be

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the limited rr said of shall, and they are hereby required to make paying oit the provision by means of the rates which they are hereby authorised to

290

Securities may be transferred.

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. ti 29c

to make, and by their orders and directions, which they are wooer bor hereby authorised to give, in such manner that the whole money row to be borrowed under the authority of this act shall be fully paid and discharged within a time to be limited, not exceeding twenty six years from the time of borrowing the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Prisoners to for the said justices to remove such felons, debtors, and other

prisoners as may happen to be confined in the said gaol or pri cojrca!on

(on at the time of taking down the present guild hall or town in the mean hall, to the house of correction belonging to the said borough time, and soke, or such other place or places of confinement as the said justices shall approve, and to confine them there during the time the new guild hall or townhall, and gaol, shall be building and made fit for use, and also during such time to commit to and confine in the said house of correction, or other place or places of confinement as the said justices can procure, such per fonor persons as shall be charged with felonies or misdemeanours committed within the said borough or soke, and also during such time to bold their sessions, and other courts or meetings Sessions and for the transacting of business relating to the said borough and courts may soke, at such place or places, within the said borough, as the said justices can procure; and that when such gaol shall be place, made fit for the reception and safe keeping of such felons, debtors, and other prisoners, it shall be lawful fijr the said justices to remove thither all such felons, debtors, and other prisoners as shall then be in their custody, and such removal and removals as aforesaid shall not be deemed or taken to be an escape; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge the said justices, or their gaoler, from being answerable for the actual escape of any prisoner in their custody; and also when the new guild hall or townhall, sessions or courthouse, and other rooms, shall be erected as aforesaid, and made fit for use, it shall be lawful for the said justices to hold and enjoy the same, and keep the fef fioos of the peace for the said borough and soke, and courts and meetings for the transaaing of business relating to the said borough and soke, and for such other purposes as they shall think proper, in the same manner as they have held and enjoyed, and now hold and enjoy, the present guild hall or townhall of the said borough.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all als and proceed Corporation ings, ministerial, judicial, or corporate, which shall be done in business done such place or places as the said justices shall think proper to ap or transacted point for the holding of their sessions of the peace, or other

courts or meetings for the transacting of business relating to the new gujij said borough and soke, during the time the new guild hall or hall is build townhall shall be building, and until the same shall be made fit ine, deemed for use, shall be, to all intents and purposes, considered as legal va and valid as if the same had been done within the present guild ball or townhall in the said borough.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no action at law shall Limitation

U 2 be f aa, oni«

*9\

[General issue.]

[Double costs.]

Saving the rights of all persons interred in the present townhall and buildings.

[Publick act.]

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 62. [1787.

be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for anything done or to be done by virtue of this act, until after twenty-one days notice thereof shall have been given to or left at the usual place of abode of the person or persons against whpm such action is Intended to be brought, thereby setting forth the particular cause of such action; or after tender of sufficient amends hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved; oc after three calendar months next after the factor cause of action shall have arisen; and every such action shall be brought and laid in the county of Lincoln, and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in such action shall and may plead the general, issue, and give this a and the special matter In evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue and under the authority of this act: and if on tfye trial, of such action it shall appear to be so done, or that such action shall be brought before the expiration of such twenty-one days next after such notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, or after sufficient tender of amends shall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after the end of three calendar months next after the factor cause of such action shall bnr arisen, or if such action shall be brought br laid in any otbfc county than as aforesaid, then, and in every of the said calf the jury, on the trial of fpcli action or actions, shall find aver dist for the defendant or defendants therein; and in all ca where a verdict shall be found for any defendant or defendants, in such action, or the plaintiff or plaintiff's therein fh^hdifcosk tinue the same, after the defendant or defendants shall have an peared thereto, or shall be rionsuited, or if upon demuntf judgement shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, and ih every such case the defendant or defendant in suchie; tien shall have double costs, and shall have the like remedy sir recovering the same as defendants have for recovering of their tofts in any other case by law.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That vth thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or affect the rights of any person or peribos, bodies politic or corporate to the said building, or apartmeob' thereunto adjoining, but that the said rights shall continue in as full and ample a manner as if this act had not been mae; anything in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public act and shall be. judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXII.

An act for taking down and rebuilding the chapel of Hanley, in the county of Stafford; for veiling the nght of nomination in trustees, and for enlarging the chapel yard; and other purposes.

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 63 — 65. 293

CAP. LXIII.

An act for rebuilding the church of the parish of Saint Mary Wanstede alias Wanstead, in the county of Essex.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for building a ne«r chapel upon Portsmouth Cotnraon, in the parish of Portsea, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LXV.

An act for confirming a charter or letters patent granted by his Majesty to the royal college and corporation of surgeons of the city of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a scheme for raising a fund for it provision for the widows and children of the members of the bid corporation and of their clerk, with certain alterations; and for efiabljshing the said scheme, and impowering the corporation, and the trustees and officers elehed for managing the fund, effectually to carry the said febetne into execution.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the members of the college and corporation

surgeons of the city of Edinburgh having formed a scheme for raising a fund for a provision to the widows and children of the members thereof and of their clerk, which was unanimously approved d in a general meeting of the said corporation held upon the eleventh of jufy in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven,

Hi obtain from his Majesty his royal charter or letters patent, under tpe feed appointed by the treaty of uttion to be kept and used in Scotland) in place of the great seal formerly used thert, bearing date the fourteenth of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fevkty eight, whereby his Majesty did of new incorporate the then Recital of hia members of the said college and incorporation, and the persons who majesty's let Should thereafter be legally admitted members thereof, into one body ter pent fmtk and corporate, or Ugol intorporation^ration of

title and name of The Royal College of Surgeons of the City of surgeons in Edinburgh, with the usual privileges; and for effecting the said Edinburgh, charitable scheme of raising a fund for a provision for the widows dated March onichildren of the members of the said corporation and their clerk, i4*17784 Hi erdaht. That the persons who were members of the said corporation and college at the feafi or term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and whose dccession and desire to become contributors to the scheme for raising the said fund, was declared by writing under their bands before the term of Candlemas in the year one thousand seven hundred and sevenly eight, should make payment. to a colleger, to be named in manner after mentioned, of the sum cf foe pounds fierling each, with legal interefi from the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; and Should ouotnale payment, as at the said term of Candlemas one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and at each succeeding term of Candlemas during their respective lives, of the like sum of five pounds fierling, with a fifth part more of penalty in case of failure, end the legal interest of the said respective sums from the aforesaid tfrrns of payment during the not payment: and that the persons who

294 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65. [1787.

were members of the said corporation at the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and f rjenty f even and whose accejjton to the scheme was not declared by writing under their hands before the said term of Candlemas one thousand J'even hundred and fiventy c\gbt, Should be excluded the benefit thereof for ever: as also, That all persons who had been admitted members of the said corporation since the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy fevm, or who Should be admitted after the date of the said charted JMU, in consequence of their admission, be held to accede to the scheme, and Should make payment of the sum of five pounds fierling at the first term of Candlemas after their respective admissions, and the Rkq sum at each succeeding term of Candlemas during their respective lives, with penalty and interest as aforesaid: and, in order more effectually to secure payment of the respthive sums or rates due by the Contributors, they Should sign and deliver such deed or deeds for that end as Should be judged valid and necessary by the corporation: and as by the scheme devised and agreed to by the said corporation, it uvs appointed. That over and above the sums to be annually paid by cm tributors as aforesaid, there Should be paid at the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, by the treefurtr of the corporation, to the collector of the scheme for the benefit thereofx the sum of twenty-five pounds fierling out of the funds of the corporation, and the like sum of twenty jive pounds fierling at candlem&i one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and at each Juceeedu^ term of Candlemas: his Majesty, by his said royal charter, approved of the payments which bad been made, and authorised the said osmd payments out of the corporation funds, to be made in future agreeome to the preceding article: and in case at any time thereafter it appeared to the members of the corporation, at a general meeting, regularly summoned by a billet left at their respective houfts, at least two days previous to the meeting, that the funds of the corporation were more than sufficient in any one year to maintain their poor, to defray their other necessary expenses, and to pay the aforesaid sum of twenty-five pounds fierling, they Should appoint the treasurer to pay to the collector of the scheme such additional sum for that year as they Jhsuli judge proper, it being always understood, and expressly provided. That no order Should be issued for such additional payment, unless three fourths of the members were present: and his Majesty further oretained, That the then present clerk of the corporation Should have it in his option to become a contributor to the scheme, and to be entitled to the benefit thereof, upon the same terms with the members of the corporation who were admitted before the term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, but declaring. That no future clerk Should be entitled to that privilege, except with the approbation and special allowance of three fourths of the members of the corporation, contributors to the scheme, signified at a general meeting, and within one year after his admission. And his Majesty also oretained, That the contributors who were members of the corporation at the term of Lammas w thousand seven hundred and seventy even, and who Should survive the term of Candlemas one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and leave widows, and the contributors who hoi

been

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65.

heea % or should be admitted members of the corporation after the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventyseven, and who Should survive the term of Candlemas, at which their fourth year's rate became due, and leave widows, such widows Should be entitled to annuities as follows; videlicet, to twelve pounds ten Billings jurlingi as an half year's annuity, at the term of Whitsunday immediately following the year in which their respective husbands died, and computed from the first January to the thirty first of December; and twenty-five pounds sterling as a full year's annuity, at each term of Whitsunday thereafter during life and their continuing unmarried; but in case of their death or marriage, the said annuity should immediately cease, and not be due for any term happening after either of these events: That the original and future contributors, who Should survive the respective terms abovementioned, and die widowers, leaving a child or children under sixteen years of age, such child or children Should, at the term of Whitsunday immediately following the year in which their respective fathers died, computing said year from the first of January to the thirty first of December, be entitled to receive one hundred pounds sterling, which sum Should be equally divided amongst them, if there were more than one child $ provided That if any of the original contributors Should hapten to die before the term Candlemas one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or any of the future contributors before the term of Candlemas, at which their fourth year's rate would have been due, neither their widows nor children Should be entitled to any benefit from the scheme, but Should be entirely excluded therefrom: and by the said royal charter it was further ordained, That if any person who had beeny or should be admitted a member of the corporation after Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy fcveity wasy at the time of his admission, forty years of age or upwards, and happened to die, leaving a widow y or leaving a child or children under sixteen years of age but no wi dowy before he bad paidy or been liable to pay twelve years rates; in that case there Should be retained out of the annuity due to his widow, or out of the provision due to his child or children > such sum as together with the [urns paid by him without computing interest thereony Should amount to twelve years rates, videlicet, sixty pounds sterling; end that if any contributor to the scheme allowed his annual rate to run on unpaid for six years, his widow or child, or children Should forfeit the respective annuities and provisions to which they would hove been entitled after his decease declaring, That such contributor Should nevertheless be obliged to pay the foresaid annual rates in arrears and also continue liable in payment of his annual rates during life; because if such forfeiture Should exempt either from payment of the annual rates in arreary or the rates that might thereafter fall due same contributors might voluntarily incur the forfeiturey whereby the [cheme would be deprived in so far of its proper supporty the data (on which the calculation was instituted) supposeng the annual rate of every contributor to be paid by him during lifey though be might have to prospect of bringing any burden upon the fund: but to prevent any itfagreeable consequences that might follow the forfeiture afore /jii, in case it Should appear to the contributors at a general meeting,

Annual rates payable by the contributors how to be applied.

296 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65. [1787.

where at leafi three fourth of them were present, that the failure in payment of any contributor was occasioned, not with a view to injure the fund, but from the decay of business, or other misfortunes, it Should be competent for futk meeting to allow, in case be died a widower, his child or children to draw their respective provisions, after deducting therefrom a sum equal to his amors and inter ejl \ and in ease he left a widow, to enter her on the roll of annuitant s, as foot as the annuity that would have fallen due to her, had there been no forfeiture or arrears, Should amount to a sum equal to these arrears and inter fl, calculated in a progressive account; and it was further oretained, That the whole annual rates payable by the contributors, and the sums payable out of the corporation's flock, before the term of Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, Should it applied by trustees (after payment of the expense of management) towards taifing a capital stock of four thousand five hundred pounds fitrlingy and that the annual produce of the fund at the said term of Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and at each term 0/whitsunday thereafter, Should be applied as follows \ videlicet, frfi, for defraying the expense of management; Jccondly, for raising the capital, the following sums Should be lent out in each ytq\ viddifcet

At the term Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, one hundred and fifty pounds:

At Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred, and eighty six, out*thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, on thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, one thousand seven hundred and eighty mt, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one hundred pounds; At Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and ninety. om, onttbyx sand seven hundred and ninety-two, one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, one, thousand seven hundred and ninety five, one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and one thousand eight hundred, fifty pounds: And at each Whitsunday thereafter, till the said capital of four t'm sand five hundred pounds was completed, thirty poumb:

And thirdly, for payment of the annuities due to the widows tk contributors, 'and the provifms due to their children: and if tot qi tiual produce aforesaid in any one year exceeded the charges of management, the sum so ordered to be applied for raising the capita end the annuities and provifms due to the ihildren for that year, and lie arrears of any annuities and provifms of former years aster ment t toned, if any such were, Fuih excess or fur plus Should be lent out, together with the for said sum, for the purpose of raising the capital', and on the other hand, if in any one year the annual produce was not sufficient for defraying the annual burdens as aforesaid, yet no intmth went Should on that account, be made upon the capital so far os then

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65.

raised* nor should the further raising thereof \ in manner above direct edj be thereby stopped or retarded; but such deficiency or Jborteeming Should first ajfeft the children's provisions proportionally and then the annuities of all the widows proportionally without regard to the order of time in which those proviftom became due and the same Should again be made good to them out of the surplus of the annual produce for the jnccee&ng year or years in this order; videlicet*first after payment of the expense of management and of the sum to be applied for raising the flock or capital as afo/refmd* the widows annuities unpaid in the preceding year Should be made good: secondly the widows annuities of the current year; thirdly the children's provisions of the former year or years according to the order of time in which they became due: end lastly, the children's provisions for the current year. Provided always That vfben the said capital was raised if in any one year the annual produce Should be more than Sufficient for payment of all the burdens of that year and arrears of former years the surplus Should be applied by the contributors at a general meeting regularly summonei by a billet left at their respective dwelling houses two days previous to the meeting and where at leas three fourth of them wertpresent* cither towards the further raising of the capital or should he divided omngfl the widows then on the fund as Should appear most adviseable [s a majority f the meeting. And if thr aforesaid capital of four

tbggknd. five hundred pounds when made up in whole or in pare hitjpflfd b be dimiflished'* either by the insolvency of the debtors or by agy other accident, whatsoever such diminution Should from time ta flmt be mode up by after surplusses* to be lent out as afortfmd; and qimoed, Tbqt the annuities payable to the widows and the provi fim payable to the child or children of the contributors as aforesaid flydi not be liable to be orrefied* or otherways offered or attached by fair creditors y but; Should notwithstanding such arreflmeni or a tubmen^ be paid, to the widows tbkmselyes, or their order or to the turns end curators of the said child or children or to their heirs exe* tytors* or assigntes y and if the child or children bad no tutors or cu rotors then and in that case the provision to which they were end tied Should be paid to such person or persons as Should be named for rt (thing the Jam by. tha trustees for the management of the fund to be applied for the use and behoof of though said child or children respectt'mly: and by the said charter twas lhewise ordained and appointed That the trustees for managing the scheme Should consist of six contrivers whereof three to be a quorum; and they Should have power to (left a ptefes at every meeting who in case of an equality of votes in on) qufiian* Should have, the casting vote, as presses besides his vote as a trufiei; That they Should have two sated meetings in each year; the first to be held on the second Tuesday of March, for making up a Ifljf tb widows and children entitled to annuities and provisions at Wfaitfunday thereafter which list Should lie open to the infptftion of oil parties inlet cfled* in the clerk's bands s and the said parties might live in their objections in writing if any they had to be by him laid btjrn the trustees for their determination at the second stated meet h which Should be held, on the second Monday of May yearly: Thai besides the forefield two sated meetings they might hold such

2gt Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65. [1787.

occasional meetings as circumstances required: which the left prefesf either of himself or upon the application of any two of their number Trustees ap Should have power to call: and his Majesty, by his said royal charter pointed. letters patent, nominated, appointed, and confirmed the foluwu

fix contributors to be the original trustees: videlicet, Robert Walker, John Balfour, Alexander Wood, William Chalmers, jo feph Robertson, and Thomas Hay, who were to continue to execute that trust till Lammas one thousand seven hundred and eighty one: and ordained. That the said Robert Walker Should go out of office at the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundredeii eighty one, the said John Balfour at Lammas one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, the said Alexander Wood at Lammas one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the said William Ch infers at Lammas one thousand seven hundred and eighty soar, At said Joseph Robertson at Lammas one thousand seven hundred aid eighty five, and the said Thomas Hay at Lammas one thousmi seven hundred and eighty six; That one Should be defied at the sail term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, to ftp ply the said Robert walker's place, and one at each of the fortjrid Jucceeding terms Lammas, to supply the then vacancy: That inett time thereafter the eldefi trustee, that is, the first trustee in the Eft, Should go out of office at Lammas yearly, and another be defied in his room; but that notwithstanding of the said general rule, if a & jority of the contributors inclined to continue any trustee in office when it came to his turn to be removed, they Should be at liberty Jo lob, which trustee, being then considered as the youngest, Should bi place lafi in the list, and continue in office during the same period as if'bt bad been then defied for the first time: That if a vacancy bappmd by the death or iemission of any of the original or future trustets, or in any other manner of way than as aforesaid; or in case one tltffei declined to accept, another Should be elefied in his place, it being always understood, and expressly provided that it Should not he tenth tent to elefi any person as trustee but one of the contributors 5 and to elefiion ofa trustee Should be made but at a general meeting of the contributors, regularly warned by billets left at their respective houses, it least two days previous to the meeting: and if any trustee Should U ebfent from a meeting to which he was regularly summoned, be jkoeu forfeit and pay one Shilling to the colkfior, to be applied by him to that uje of the scheme, unless he satisfied the trustees at their next or Jem after meeting, that his absence was occasioned by indisposition: and that the sums to be applied for raising the capital Should be lent out bj tbt trustees, from time to time, upon such real or per final securities os they Should judge sufficient and best for the interest of the fund, bt bonds and other securities for the same to be taken payable to tbt soil trustees, or any three of them, and to their successors in office 5 end the said trustees for the time, or any three of them, Should have pmtr to ojsign and discharge the said bonds or other securities, end to fust oil manner of execution necessary for recovering payment thereof, or m ttrning the same any manner of way \ but expressly provided. That no money Should be lent by the trustees to any member or members of tbt corporation upon any account whatsoever y and that the trusteeijbsui

ebuji

*99

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65.

(sass a (dleflor and clerk to the scheme, to continue in their office re fpcfiively during the pleasure of the trustees; both of which offices night be filled by one p erf on, if the trustees judged proper; which collar Should have power to carry on all suits for recovery of the annual rates, and other sums payable for support of the fund, and all arrears that might be due by any contributor at the time of his decease \ Should retain, at the ftght dnd direction of the trustees, from the widows annuity, or from the children's provisions, such sums as Should bt due by their respective bufiands or fathers, or their heirs and executory which had not been, or could not be recovered from them, upon iffipitng to such widow or children respectively, such debt: and that the collector Should, on his admission to the office, grant bond, with a efficient cautioner, to the trustees, to the extant of one hundred pounds firrhng, for the faithful discharge of his trust 5 and Should subscribe oil the receipts for the annual rates, and for the annual sums paid by tie corporation, and keep regular books, Showing the flats of the funds tinder his management, in such manner as the trustees Should appoint; end the clerk Should also keep a book for recording the federunts of the trustees; which booh were at all times to be open to the inspection of every contributor: and the collect? or should exhibit to the contributors at a general meeting, to be held on the second Monday of August yearly, a state of the funds under his management, and Qn account of the sums received by him for the preceding year, and the application of tie same, which meeting Should have power to audit and pajs the faii accounts, and discharge him and his surety of the sums accountedtfor.

And whereas the members of the said college and corporation, and the trustees and officers elected by them for managing the said fund,; have proceeded in the execution of the said scheme agreeably to the re ptkttons in the said charter and letters patent herein abovementioned; and it is found by experience that the said scheme will be of great benefit to the widows and children of the members, but that the same would be Jlill more beneficial and effectual if the alterations upon the fold scheme and regulations in the said letters patent herein aftermen tioned, were made, and if the authority of parliament were interposed for currying the said scheme, subject to the said alterations, into execu tm: and whereas John Shiells, one of the members of the said college and corporation at the time the said scheme was instituted, did not accede thereto; and therefore in terms of the said letters patent fiends excluded from the benefit thereof \ but the said John Shiells bos fmee declared his willingness to become a contributor, paying all the annual rates since the infiitution, which the contributors are will ling to agree to, if they were not prohibited by the terms of the scheme, end of the said letters patent: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's mail excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That letters-patent the said charter and letters patent and al the regulations, or generally con finances, and appointments therein contained, and herein above firmed* recited, relative to the scheme for raising a fund for a provision to fiidows and children of the members of the said college and

a'corpora

No annual rate to be paid beyond 914 years.

Sum to be contributed out of the corporation funds.

Funds of the corporation, if able, may contribute farther.

Annuities to widows.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65. [1787.

corporation, and all the proceedings had in consequence thereof, agreeable to the terms of the faief letters patent, shall be, and the same are hereby confirmed in so far as the same are not altered by this present act, and that the said scheme shall be Carried into execution hereafter, in conformity to the said regulations, ordinances, and appointments, (bbjeft to Hie alterations hefein after mentioned

II. And be it enacted by the duthbntv aforesaid, That no present or future member of the said college and corporation, who is a contributor to the said fund, and who shall have pad his annual rate or contribution for twenty-four years successively, with interest and penalty if inclined, shall be obliged to pay or contribute more thereafter during his life arty thingm the said charter or letters patent, or in the deeds executed by the contributors, to the contrary rtbtwhhftandirtgt

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in litti of the sum of twenty-five pbunds, which by the scheme and tlje said charter and letters patent is appointed to be paid annually Out of the funds of the corporation to the collector of the bin scheme for raising the capital, there shall be paid by the treasurer of the corporation, and out of their fuhds, it the (krm of gm diems one thousattd seven hundred irtd eighty eight, abd at exth succeeding ittrti of cdtl&tim&s thereafter, to the collector of the said scheme, the sum of One pbiiricjt sterling for each pehoh who ia member Xt the time, and whose tfidbw and Childrctf may eventually bfc entitled to the benefit of the scheme: ah further. That the ford treasurer shall pay bver so the collectbr of the schefnef the Half of the entry money paid by cich and every perform who (hsul hereafter be admitted members of t^fc Cud college and cbrpbfation, and that towards raisirtg and abgirient irtg the capital of fund for providing the widows and chhdnti Of tyre members Contributors.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case at arty time hereafter it shall appear tb the members of the fam chifege and corporation at a geisftal meeting, to which they shall be regtrtarly (amnioned by a billet left at their respective hotrfes at lead two days previous to the meeting, that thetunjjs of the corporation ate more than' sufficient in any one year to maintain their poor, and to defray the other necessary expeb ces", and to pay the sums of money aforesaid to the collectof of the scheme; thert' it shall be lawful to appoint the treasurer of the corporation to pay to the said collectof such additional sum for that year, as shall be judged proper; provided that no order for such additional payment shall be made unless three fourths of the members of the college or corporation are present at such general meeting.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the widows of contributors who have fqrvived the term at which their fourth annual rate became due, as well those widows who are already entitled to the benefit of the fund, as those who shall hereafter come to be so entitled shall each be entitled 10, and

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65.

receive the following annuities; that is to say, at the first term, of fflntsunday after the decease of their refycctive husbands, and at each succeeding Whitsunday during their lives, and till ivhit jmday which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, thirty pounds sterling; and at the said term of whitsunday one thousand eight hundred and one, each widow shall be entitled to and receive forty pounds sterling, and the same sum annually thereafter during their lives; anything in the said scheme as originally framed, or in the said charter and letters patent, to the contrary notwithstanding: but provided neverthelect, That the annuity of any widow of a contributor who shall marry again, shall, from and immediately after such her marriage, cease and determine.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there nbdeduction shall be no deduction upon any account from the widows an folk year, nuities the first year after they have come on the fund, but that the arrears of contributors shall be paid by deducing a sum not exceeding one third of the annuity each (subsequent year till the said arrears are paid up; and in case any contributor, who has become a member of the corporation at the age of forty years or upwards, shall die before he has paid twelve years rates, the deficiency shall be made up in the same manner.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if & Provisions to contributor shall survive the term upon which the payment of children.

his fourth annual rate becojne due, and shall die a widower, leaving a child or children under sixteen years of age, such child <* children stall, at the term of Whitsunday immediately following the death of their father, be entitled to and receive one hundred pounds sterling, which sum, if there be more than one child, shall be equally divided amongst the children; provided.

That if any of the contributors shall happen to die before the term of Candlemas at which the fourth annual rate would have been.due, neither their widows nor children shall be entitled to any benefit from the scheme, but shall be entirely excluded therefrom.

VIII. And whereas it is found necessary % in place of the capital Capital to be

mentioned in the said recited, charter and letters patent, that therei>ooool fter Should be a capital of eleven thousand pounds sterling, upon thefup in on"

potion of there being forty contributors, (tbt present. number being crcafc. thirtj ftven), and that the capital should be increased two hundred

end fifty pounds jicrling, for each contributor above that number: be

itenadked by the authority aforesaid, That the trustees in whom

the management of the said scheme is veiled fliau, besides the

Aim already raised, being three thousand one hundred and fifty pounds or thereby, apply the whole, annual rates, together with the money paid by or received from the funds of the corpora Application

tien, and the profits of the (lock, first, in defraying the expenses of the money.

of management; secondly, in lending out the following sums

annually, for increasing and raising the capital; that is to say,

at the term of Whitsunday in each of the years of our Lord one, Sums to he

thousand seven hundred, and eighty eight, one thousand seven annually lent

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65. [1787.

hundred and eighty nine, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, one thousand seven hundred and ninety two one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, one thousand seven hundred ud ninety seven, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and one thousand eight hundred, the sum of two hundred pounds sterling: at the term of Whitsunday in each of the years one thousand eight hundred and one, one thousand eight hundred and two, out thousand eight hundred and three, one thousand eight hundred and four, and one thousand eight hundred and five, the sum of one hundred and thirty pounds sterling: at the term of whh sunday in each of the years one thousand eight hundred and fi one thousand eight hundred and seven, and one thousand e^jbg hundred and eight, the sum of one hundred and fifteen pouadt sterling: at the term of Whitsunday in each of the years one thousand eight hundred and nine, one thousand eight hundred and ten, one thousand eight hundred and eleven, one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and one thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the sum of one hundred pounds sterling: at the term of Whitsunday in each of the years one thousand eight hundred and fourteen, one thousand eight hundred and fifteen, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the sum of fifty pounds sterling: and at the term of Wkitjundtyvx the year one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and in each year subsequent, the sum of thirty pounds sterling, till the capijtal of eleven thousand pounds is completed: and thirdly, for payment of the annuities due to the widows of the contributors, and the provisions due to their children: and if the annual produce aforesaid in any one year shall exceed the charges of management, the sum so ordered to be applied for raising the capital, and the annuities and provisions due to the widows and children for that year, and the arrears of any annuities of former years after mentioned, if any such were, such excess or surplus shall be lent out together with the foresaid sums, for the purpose of raising the capital: and on the other hand, if, in aoy one year, the annual produce shall not be sufficient for defraying the annual burdens as aforesaid, yet no encroachment shall cn that account be made upon the capital, so far as then raised, nor hall the further raising thereof, in manner above directed, be on that account stopped or retarded, except in the case of a contributor or contributors leaving a child or children entitled to provision from the fund as aforesaid, in which case the capital stock may suffer a diminution, and shall contribute to makeup what the produce of the current year in which the event happens is deficient, to answer or pay the sum or sums to which such child or children is or are entitled; but in every other case such deficiency or shortaoming shall affetf the annuities of

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 65.

all the widows proportionally, without regard to the order of time in which their annuities became due, and the same shall be restored to them out of the surplus of the annual produce for the succeeding year or years, as abovementioned. Provided always, That when the said capital is raised, if in any one year the annual produce shall be more than sufficient for payment of in the burdens of that year, and arrears of former years, the (orpins shall be divided amongst the widows then on the fund: and if the aforesaid capital of eleven thousand pounds, when made up in whole or in part, shall happen to be diminished, either by the insolvency of debtors, or by any other accident whatever, such diminution shall from time to time be made up by after surplusses to be lent out as aforesaid: provided always.

That such diminution did not happen by payments to the child or children of a contributor, in which case the sums so paid shall be replaced by annual payments of twenty pounds for each one hundred pounds advanced.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Trustees trustees now in the management of the said scheme and fund, power, deded agreeably to the said recited letters patent, and the trustees hereafter chosen conformably thereto, and the quorum of them, or the collector of the said scheme, shall have full power to ak, demand, levy, sue, and use all manner of legal diligence for recovery of the annual rates payable by contributors, and interest thereof, and penalties if incurred: and also of the sums payable by or out of the funds of the said college and corporation, and all sums lent out for or due to the common fund, or making part of the capital, and the profits thereof, and otherwise to ad agreeably to the regulations of the said letters patent, the accounts of the collector being exhibited to a general meeting of the contributors at the term of Lammas yearly, in place of the second Monday of August as directed by the said letters patent.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said johnshiellsto Jsbn Sbidls shall be admitted to all the benefits of the scheme, in be admitted the same*manner as if he had originally acceded thereto; pro onpayids JL vided that he shall pay into the hands of the collector of the

scheme the sum of fifty-five pounds sterling within six weeks from and after the passing of this act, and continues to pay the common annual rate of a contributor for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and in each subsequent year during his life, till he has paid twenty-four years rates in all, if he shall so long live.

XL. And be it enacted, That the expense of obtaining this Expense of aft shall be paid out of the common funds of the said college this act. and corporation, and not out of the money contributed or collected for the purposes of providing for the widows and children of the members.

[Public act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially

3°4

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6y.

[1787.

taken notice of as such, by all judges, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for dividing and inclosing the lowlands and common fens tithit the hamlet of Martin in the parish of Timberland, and within thi parish of Blackney, in the county of Lincoln; and for draining wd preferring the lowlands and fens within the said hamlet of Martly and parish of Blackney, and within the hamlet of Lin wood, io tfct said parish of Blackney.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the highways, Greets, and lanes of and in the town and port of Sandwich, in the county of Kent, and in the several pari he of Saint Peter the apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in tfc said town, port, and county; and for removing and preventing in croachments, nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances in thr fists highways, Greets, and lanes, and on the common quay belonging tothct said town and port, and in the haven adjoining to the said quay, sad the bridge built over The said haven; and for regulating the birthrtnd mooring places of vessels at the said quay, and the proper tzmei for vessels to p*f8 through the said bridge.

---

END of VOL. XXXVI Part I

