Anno 29 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and for the relief of the inhabitants of the city and county of the city of Lincoln, in respect of arrears of the land tax.

Cap. 3. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. For the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines.

Cap. 5. To enable his Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants who have served abroad as officers, or engineers, to act and rank as officers, or engineers, in America only, under certain restrictions and qualifications.

Cap. 6. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 7. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions, to be raised by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the sinking fund, redeemable by parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom, against private and unlawful lotteries.

Cap. 8. To repeal a clause in an act made in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to oblige ships more effectually to perform their quarentine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, whereby the stationing of ships infected with the plague, to the northward of Cap Finisterre, is confined to the harbour of New Grimsby, and removable to no other place; and for appointing a more safe and commodious place instead thereof.

Cap. 9. For establishing a fund for payment of the bonds of the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level; and for exchanging the present bonds of the said corporation for other bonds, payable out of the revenues of the middle and south levels, part of the said great level; and for enabling the said corporation to borrow further sums, for the use of the said great level.

Cap. 10. For the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain duties payable upon the importation and exportation of goods and merchandizes into or out of the harbour of the town and county of Poole; and also of ballast and boomage duties, payable in respect of ships and vessels coming into and going out of the said harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in repair, the said harbour, and the quays and wharfs; and for providing a proper place for keeping gunpowder in or near the said town; and for establishing and regulating a nightly watch, and enlightening the streets in the said town.

Cap. 11. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 12. For granting to his Majesty a duty upon licences for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for establishing a method for granting such licences in Scotland, and for allowing such licences to be granted at a petty session in England, in a certain case therein mentioned.

Cap. 13. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty on cards and dice.

Cap. 14. For granting to his Majesty several rates and duties payable by all persons, and bodies politick or corporate, having certain quantities of silver plate.

Cap. 15. For granting a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax.

Cap. 16. To impower his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of salt petre; and to enforce the law for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of gunpowder, or any sort of arms and ammunition; and to impower his Majesty to restrain the carrying coastwise of salt petre, gunpowder, or any sort of arms or ammunition.

Cap. 17. To prevent his Majesty's subjects from serving as officers under the French King; and for the better enforcing an act passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, to prevent the inlisting his Majesty's subjects to serve as soldiers without his Majesty's licence; and for obliging such of his Majesty's subjects as shall accept commissions in the Scotch Brigade, in the service of the states general of the united provinces, to take the oaths of allegiance and abjuration.

Cap. 18. To obviate a doubt arisen on an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for relief of insolvent debtors; and for relief of sheriffs and keepers of prisons, in respect to escapes, of such persons as were prevented by the said doubt from being discharged under the said act.

Cap. 19. To impower judges of courts in cities and towns corporate, liberties and franchises to set fines on persons who shall be summoned to serve upon juries in such courts, and shall neglect to attend.

Cap. 20. For erecting, maintaining, and supporting a light-house on the island of Little Cumray, in the county of Bute, at the mouth of the river Clyde, in North Britain; and for rendering the navigation in the frith and river of Clyde more safe and commodious.

Cap. 21. For imbanking and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, called The Washes, lying and being in the several parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Ely, Witchford, Wentworth, Caveney, and Downham, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge; and of Bluntisham with Erith in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 22. For draining and preserving certain fen lands in the Isle of Ely, and county of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouse, and bounded on the south by the hard lands of Mepall, Witham, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, Downham, and Littleport; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

Cap. 23. For encouraging the fisheries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 24. For granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the sinking fund; and applying certain sums of money remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

Cap. 25. For appointing a sufficient number of constables for the Service of the city and liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper performs to take upon them the office of jurymen, to prevent nuisances, and other offences, within the said city and liberty.

Cap. 26. For further continuing an act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, to indemnify of of the land tax for counties at large and ridings, who have acted by virtue of leasehold estates; and to obviate a doubt relating to the qualification of of of the land tax, for the city and liberty of Westminster.

Cap. 27. For extending the act of the twenty second year of his present Majesty, (for amending, explaining, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty's ships, vessels, and forces by sea) to such officers, seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty's ships or vessels employed upon the lakes, great waters, or rivers in North America.

Cap. 28. For reviving and continuing an act for the relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and for continuing an act made in the last session of parliament, to continue several laws relating to the distemper now raging among the horned cattle in this kingdom.

Cap. 29. For enabling his Majesty to raise one million for the purpose therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 30. For more effectually discouraging and preventing the stealing, and the buying and receiving of stolen lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, and solder, and for more effectually bringing the offenders to justice.

Cap. 31. To enable infants, lunaticks, and femes covert, to surrender leases in order to renew the same.

Cap. 32. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to the directions of several acts of parliament within the times limited by such acts respectively, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and concerning the admissions of officers and members of cities, corporations, and borough towns; and the filing of affidavits of articles of clerkship.

Cap. 33. To render more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures and for better payment of their wages; and also an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture and for preventing disputes among the persons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for prosecuting for the forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid act, in case of the payment of the workmens wages, in any other manner than in money.

Cap. 34. For the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 35. For the better recruiting his Majesty's forces on the continent of America; and for the better regulation of the army, and preventing of desertion there.

Cap. 36. For inclosing, by the mutual consent of the lords and tenants, part of any common, for the purpose of planting and preserving trees fit for timber or underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful destruction of trees.

Cap. 37. For regulating the proceedings in personal actions in the courts baron of the manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall, in the county of York.

Cap. 38. To enable the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river of Thames, from the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surry, to purchase houses and grounds, and to widen the ways, and make more safe and commodious the streets, avenues, and passages, leading from Charing Cross, to The two houses of parliament, Westminster Hall, and the courts of justice there, and Westminster Bridge; and to enable a less number of of to execute the several acts relating to the said bridge, than at present are required by law; and for relief of George and James King, with regard to a lease taken by their late father from the said of.

Cap. 39. For explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making a free market for the sale of fish in the city of Westminster; and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of fish; and for allowing the sale of fish, under the dimensions mentioned in a clause contained in an act of the first year of his late Majesty's reign, in case the same are taken with a hook.

Cap. 40. To improve, widen, and enlarge the passage over and thro' London Bridge.

Cap. 41. For explaining and amending two acts of parliament, one made in the eleventh year of this Majesty's reign (For repairing the road from Shoreditch church, through Hackney to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End in the county of Middlesex) and the other made in the twenty sixth year of his Majesty's reign (For enlarging the term and powers granted by the said former act) and for impowering the trustees to erect and maintain lamps, and keep a guard, upon the said roads in the night-time.

Cap. 42. For enlarging the cemetery or church-yard of the parish of Saint Mary Newington Butts in the county of Surry.

Cap. 43. For making and widening a road from the east side of the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnall Green in the county of Middlesex, to the east end of Church Street in the said parish; and to open a way or road into Shoreditch and keeping the same in repair.

Cap. 44. To enable the trustees for repairing Old Street road, to repair, widen, and make a road from the sign of the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the east side of Holy, Well Mount, and through a certain ground to the sign of The Lopdon Apprentice, in the parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex; or to lay open, repair, and widen a road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old street road in the said county.

Cap. 45. For repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond belonging to Henry Eyre esquire, in the parish of Whiteparish in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey infra, to Hundred Bridge in the county of Southampton; and from thence to the county of the town of Southampton.

Cap. 46. For repairing and widening the high roads from Basingstoke, through Popnam Lane, Sutton-Scotney and Stockbridge in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner in the county of Wilts; and also for repairing and widening the road from Spittle-house over Wey-hill, to Mullen's Pond in the said county of Southampton.

Cap. 47. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for establishing, maintaining, and well governing, a nightly watch within the city of Bristol.

Cap. 48. For rebuilding the common gaol for the county of Derby, upon a place called Nun's Green, in the liberty of the town of Derby; and for appointing a proper place for the safe Custody of prisoners, until such new gaol shall be compleated; and to impower the justices of the peace for the said county to pay the relit reserved to the corporation for the said ground, out of the county rates.

Cap. 49. For repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the town of Mere in the county of Wilts, and through Wincanton, to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port; and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the west end of Long Lane in Kilmington; and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn turnpike cross-gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton, to Sparkford, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 50. For repairing and widening several roads leading from and near the town of Brewton in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 51. For repairing and widening the several roads, from the town of Tewkesbury to Coscomb Gate; and from Isabel's Elm to the top of Gotherington Hill, in the county of Gloucester; and from Tewkesbury to a farm house, called The Old Blue Bell, and to the direction post in the parish of Ripple, and to Simmond's Ford brook, and from Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the county of Worcester; and from Tewkesbury to Wainload's Bridge, and to the road opposite to Elstone church, and from the market-house in Cheltenham, to the turnpike road from Burford to Gloucester, near a tree called Pewsdon Ash in the said county of Gloucester.

Cap. 52. For repairing and widening the several roads leading from a gate called Poole Gate in the town and county of Poole.

Cap. 53. For the better regulating the nightly watch and beetles, and cleaning, enlightening, and paving the streets, squares, lanes, and other passages, and repairing the highways and causways, and regulating the poor within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 54. For repairing and widening the road from the top of Harnham Hill, near the city of New Sarum, in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Blandford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain intrenchment on Askerwell Hill in the county of Dorset.

Cap. 55. To amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter.

Cap. 56. For amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield in the county of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge in the county of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain coal mines in the said parish.

Cap. 57. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging and preserving the harbour of Ellenfoot in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 58. For repairing and widening the roads leading from the city of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 59. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the town of Ludlow in the county of Salop.

Cap. 60. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the Market House in the town of Much Wenlock in the county of Salop.

Cap. 61. For repairing and widening the roads from Coleham Bridge in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common, to the May Pole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge, to Longdon in the county of Salop.

Cap. 62. To enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a lease or leases of certain pieces of ground, messuages, tenements and hereditaments, comprized within certain limits, for a longer term of years than they are at present enabled to grant.

Cap. 63. To impower the churchwardens, overseers of the poor, and vestry of the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, to make a rate or rates for the relief of the poor, and the better repairing of the high-ways, and cleaning the streets within the said parish.

Cap. 64. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Shrewsbury, to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shrey-hill in the county of Salop.

Cap. 65. For repairing and widening the roads leading from the town of Kington, in the county of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same county extends, and the several roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Brilley's Mountain, to Earnisley, to Almely, to Ecklcy's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House in said the county of Hereford.

Cap. 66. For explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act passed in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge; and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon; and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for applying an omission in an act passed in the last session of parliament, for repairing the roads from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch in the county of Leicester, so far as the same relates to that part of the said road which leads from the town of Hinckley in the county of Leicester, to the town of Nuneaton; and from thence through the parishes of Chilvers Coton and Bedworth, to Bishops Gate in the city of Coventry.

Cap. 67. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by several acts of parliament for repairing the highways between Sheppard's Shord and the Devizes, and from Stert Stone in the parish of Urshfont, to Rowd Ford in the county of Wilts; and for changing and altering part of the said highways; and for repairing the road from the top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid.

Cap. 68. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the several roads from the town of Pool in the county of Montgomery, to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, and also the road from Knockin in the county of Salop, to Llanrhaiader in Mochnant in the county of Denbigh.

Cap. 69. For the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, two several acts of parliament, one of them passed in the thirteenth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable; and the other made in the eleventh year of his late majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former act.

Cap. 70. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the high road leading from Darlington in the county of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other roads in the said county therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the same.

Cap. 71. To explain and amend an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds through Harwood to the south west corner of the inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches, out through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Borough- Bridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourse on Hutton Moor in the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor.

Cap. 72. For changing and altering two several roads directed to be amended and widened by an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several roads leading from the borough of Truro in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 73. For building a bridge across the river Wye, from the town of Hay in the county of Brecon, to the opposite shore in the county of Radnor.

Cap. 74. For the better supplying the city of Edinburgh with fresh and wholsome water.

Cap. 75. For compleating and finishing a new church; and laying out and inclosing a cemetery thereto, in the island of Portland.

Cap. 76. For enlarging and altering the term and powers granted by an act made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, for effectually amending and repairing the road leading from Wansford Bridge in the county of Northampton, to the town and borough of Stamford in the county of Lincoln; and for repairing the road from the borough of Stamford to Stappleford Bridge, in the parish of Ryhall in the county of Rutland: and from thence to Bourne in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Farringdon in the county of Berks, to the town of Cricklade, and from thence to the town of Malmesbury in the county of Wilts, and the road from thence to join the turnpike road at Acton Turville in the county of Gloucester; and also the rood from Tetbury in the said county, through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge; and the road from Sherston, to join the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

Cap. 78. For the better paving and amending, cleaning, enlightening and watching the streets, highways, lanes and passages, within the town of Shrewsbury in the county of Salop.

Cap. 79. For the better relief and employment of the poor, in the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road from the town of Bowes in the county of York, to Barnard Castle in the county of Durham; and from thence through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland; and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge; and from thence by Milderston Gill, to the turnpike road near Sunderland Bridge in the county of Durham; and for making the same more effectual.

Cap. 81. For amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study, to Chilton Pond; and from the top of Hinksey Hill, to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the road leading to Farringdon in the county of Berks.

Cap. 82. For repairing and widening the road from the White Stoop, near the north end of the town of Derby, through the towns of Duffield and Chesterfield in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield in the county of York: and from the said town of Duffield, to the Moot Hall in the town of Wirksworth in the said county of Derby.

Cap. 83. For repairing and widening the high road from the borough of Ripon by Ingram Bank, to the town of Pately Bridge in the county of York.

Cap. 84. For repairing and widening the roads from the north end of Dunsby Lane, to the south west corner of Riseholm Hedge, and to Catholm Gate, Drinsey Nooke, and Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries, and from the north end of Waddington Field, and the bridge over the river Witham, at Bracebridge, to the city of Lincoln, and from the gate at the foot of Canwicke Hill, to the great bargates of the said city; and for enforcing the performance of Statute-work upon the highways, communicating with the said roads, to a certain distance from the said roads.

Cap. 85. For repairing and widening the roads leading from the east side of Lincoln Heath, to the city of Peterborough; and from the east end of Marbam Lane, to the town of Walton in the county of Northampton; and from the town of Bourn, to the town of Costerworth; and from Donington High Bridge, to the cross post in the parish of Hacconby; and from the east end of a lane called Hale Drove, to and through the town of Old Sleaford, to the end of Long Hedge in the parish of Quarrington in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 86. For building a bridge cross the river Thames, from Black Fryars in the city of London, to the opposite side in the county of Surry.

Cap. 87. For regulating the nightly watch and beadels, and better enlightening, paving, and cleaning the streets and other passages, and repairing the highways within the parishes of Saint John Wapping, Saint Paul Shadwell, the hamlet of Ratcliffe, the parish of Saint Anne in the county of Middlesex, and the precinct of Well Close in the liberty of the Tower of London.

Cap. 88. To enable the respective trustees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge in the county of Middlesex, to make a new road from the great northern road at Islington, to the Edgware road near Paddington, and also from the north end of Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pye House Fields, into the said new road; and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several acts for repairing the said road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge.

Cap. 89. For rebuilding the parish church, and enlarging the church yard of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 90. To enable the proprietors and inhabitants of houses in York Buildings, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the county of Middlesex, to make and levy a rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the expence of rebuilding or repairing of the terrace walk and water-gate, and such other part of the premises adjoining to the river Thames and belonging to the said buildings, as shall be judged necessary, and for keeping the same in repair for the future.

Cap. 91. For explaining and making more effectual an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the east end of Brampton High Lane in the county of York, to the town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the towns of Askrigg and Ingleton in the said county, to the town of Lancaster in the county of Lancaster; and also for repairing the road leading from Richmond aforesaid, through Gilling, Melsonby and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Lousy Cross, and from Gilling through Gilling Town Lane, to the turnpike road on Gatherly Moor.

Cap. 92. For explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an act of parliament made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the top of White Sheet Hill in the parish of Donhead Saint Andrew in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Shaftsbury, Milborne Port and Sherborne, in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half-way House in the parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said county of Dorset, and several other roads near the towns of Shaftsbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing other roads adjoining to the roads in the said former act mentioned.

Cap. 93. To enlarge the term and powers of an act for repairing the road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other roads therein mentioned, and the road from Wrexham to Chester, and from thence to Pen Fordd y Waen in the parish of Whitford, and also the road from Broughton to Mold in the county of Flint.

Cap. 94. For amending, repairing, and widening the roads leading from the Rye-way in the parish of Yarpole in the county of Hereford to Presteigne in the county of Radnor, and from thence to Leintwardine, and from Presteigne aforesaid, to the top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye-way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton in the county of Salop.

Private Acts.

Anno 29 Georgii II.

---

1. An act for naturalizing John David Fatio.

2. An act for naturalizing Jens Pedersen.

3. An act for the sale of several lands in Bedford Level, the estate of the right honourable Henry earl of Lincoln, knight of the most noble order of the garter, and Katherine countess of Lincoln his wife, and for other lands and hereditaments of as great or greater value; and settling the said lands so to be purchased, to the same uses as the said lands to be sold are now settled, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

4. An act for explaining and amending an act made in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An vesting certain eft of Sir Ifeac Lawrence Woollaston an infant, situate in the isle of Ely, and mntiesofCa tn bridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and NortoUc, in

to

Table of statutes.

ft iefild 0t SntttgbgOdto raise-rmey

for pffmtnr of* Ms

and fitatherfttrpojrs therein men-titmcL '

5. An act for empowering Esher Mourner, sn Infant, to settle her «state*, r jHirfeant to articles entered Into in-ConsideratSon of a marriage agreed upon between Aflxtm Cur-

seon eAptfee, and the said Hanmtr.

6. An act for retting divers lands and hereditaments in the counties: nl Bttfh and Berks, late the estate of Thsnias Walker clerk, deceased, in Tbmat Walker the grandlbn, in fee Staple, subject to the raffing portions for his younger brother and sisters.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common field, called Radway Field, within the ttmnship of Radway, in the county of Warwick.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing Certain wattes or common grounds in the parish of in the county of Durham.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and watte mounds, in the several parishes of Boughton and Pi ford, in the county of Northampton.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing several fields, meadows and commons, in the township of Sutton upon the FOreft, in the county of York, and for giving compensations, in lieu of tythes, to the impropriator of the redory, and the vicar of Sutton aforesaid.

11. An act to enable Robert esquite, and his first and other fans, and their heirs male, to cake and use the fumame of Gouge, m pur-foance of xhssveWiof NitbohsQeuge, ..-deceased.

12. An act to enable WiDiam uScpjkcci' now caHed

*1

wer, and his heirs, to take and ofe the forname nod arms of Bukutr, pursuant to the will of William Bul-wer esquire deceased.

13. An act for naturalizing Anthony

Henry Stemam, Peter Otte, Godfrey Moiling, and Chrifian Meyer, Henry Bielfield, John Peter and Mathew Liebigaray.

14. An act for naturalizing David Efternod.

15. An act for providing a maintenance for the marquis of Blanferd, during the life of his father the duke of Marlborough, and for rebuilding the said duke's house at Langley in the county of Bucks; and for purchasing in, and making void, divers cases, granted by the said duke in trust for his younger children, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act to enable John eats of Sandwkh, George earl of Chobnonde-ley, and Wellbore Ellis esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the oath as vice treasurer and receiver general, and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify thetn-selves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

17. An act for making the exemplification of the last will of the right honourable Richard late earl of Burlington and Cork, deceased, evidence in all courts of law and quity in Great Britain and Ireland.

18. An act for vesting the capital me flu age of Halfie and divers lands in Kent, part of the settled estate of Fere lord Vert, in trusteej, to be conveyed to Robert Bagjbdbo, esquire, the purchaser thereof, par-fiiant to articles, and for settling another estate in- the county of Middlesex, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

19. An act for raising money out of the estate* of Ralph Lane esquire, deceased, in the counties of Northampton

jViftowprfe tad Gatokridge, for discharging the incus&rance affect--. log die same; and for applying part of the personal estate of Eli- xabetkLane, his.wife, deceased, in, the purchase of the Cambrxigeshire < eftaar, to be settled pursuant to her, wish

20. An act for veftirrg certain adjudications now vested in the crown by the conviction or attainder of

Jmeandvr Mackenzie of Frafirdale, in Hugh Mi Lad of Genus cfqxdrc.

21. An act for veftibg pan of the' folded estate of Thomas Parjbn gentleman* and Honour his wife* in trustees, to be sold for raising portions for younger chiMrai* and for laying oat the furphis* if anyv in

die purchase of other lands, to be i settled to the vfe& of their marriage settlement.

22. An act for vesting in tm fleet,

- certain messuages, lands, tene-/ merits, and farms hi the county of Surry, settled upon the marriage of Richard Dickson Sirine eftptire, with Elizabeth his now wife, to be sold and conveyed parfuant to articles, and for laying out the purchase money in other lands and tenements, to be settled to the u&s of their marriage settlement.

23. An act to enable Theodore Henry Broadband*, an infant, to make leases of the estates given and deviled to him by the will of his unde Hoary Broadhtad eftjmre, deceased*

24. An act for vesting the estate of Trevor Charles Roper, and Henry Roper, who are both infants, in the county of Kent, in trustees, to bfefoid; ainl for applying the purchase money for discharging incumbrances affecting the same* under the directions of the court of Chancery.

25. An act for felling the settled estate of Thomas Pdliett Baugh dqmvc, in the county of Hereford^ and for

settling anotbtreftate erf greater value* to the uses <rf his grandfather's will, and his.awn maaiage settlement, rerpedlively*

26. An act for enabling the matter and; fellows of Katherine Hall, in the university of Cambridge, to, purchase, settle, and dispose of tene-raants and grounds for the making andereding an addWonahbuilding to their college or hall, for the reception and maintenance, of ipc fellows and ten fehob&s* founded by the will of Mary Ramsien, deceased* and for ettpewering any corporation within the said university, to sell and convey otl*er lands and tenements, for that and other purposes in the said act mentioned;

27. An act for enabling: Am Coryton, Elizabeth GeodaU*, and William Goodally to make leases of several estates in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, during the minorities eA John Coryton and others, the infant children of Peter Coryton esquire, deceased.

28. An act for vesting part of the estate of John Talbot the younger, e£ % «tre, settled upon his marriage, in trustees for raising a fee* of money for discharging debts and in- curobrances.

29. An act for confirming and estab-hihing an exchange* of tythes, cottages and lands, for a messuage, forms, lands, and common of pasture in Steeple Aflo'h in the county of Oxford^ pursuant to ani agreement between the principal and schplars of King's Halk and college of Brazen Nofg in Oxford, John Eaton clerk, and Francis Page esquire; and also for giving power to the said Francis Page*and others, claiming under the will of: Sir Framit Page knights deceased, to make a jointure on any wife or wives with whomtheymay intermarry*

30. An act for sale ofi the manor and capital mediiage gf Tadworth, and diver* lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Surry,

- tale the estate of y«2w Fleetwood esquire, deeaafed, and purchasing f another estate. to be settled to the.uses'm hi*will.

31. An act for vesting the estates of Evttyri Charles French, and Ed-waned Franck* esqukcs, in the county of Laruafier, in trailers, to be sold for discharging a mortgage af-iefting the same, and for laying out the surplus of the money arising by fachfale in the purchase of 1 other lands and hereditaments, to be settled pursuant to the wills of the said Evelyn Charles Franck*and Edward Francke respectively.

32. An act for vesting the estates of of Richard Gough Aubrey esquire, in the counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in trustees, to raise money to discharge several incumbrances aflfefting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act to impower Sir John Molesworth baronet, and Joseph Moyle esquite, two of the surviving trustees, in an indenture dated the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty three, to raise the several furas in the said indenture mentioned, or such of them asareftill unsatisfied, and pay the same, as well as the rest of the personal estate of Hugh Gregor deceased, to such person as Jane Gregor, an insent, shall marry during her infancy, wirh the consent of the said surviving trustees, and of her guardians.

---

34. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Glover, with Hannah Nunn his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the undivided Parts of the several Common Fields in the Township of Warthill, in the County of York, and for giving compensations to the Rector of Holtby, in the same County, and the Vicar of Warthill aforesaid, in lieu of Tithes and certain Ecclesiastical Dues.

36. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manors and Parish of Sow, in the County of Warwick, and County of the City of Coventry.

37. An Act for inclosing diverse Parcels of Waste Grounds or commons in Ellell, in the County of Lancaster.

38. An Act for inclosing and dividing Tinwell Fields, in the County of Rutland, and for settling a Stipend on the Rector in lieu of Glebe and Tithes.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor, called Aston and Shardlow Moor, and several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Weston cum Membris, and Prebend of Sawley, in the County of Derby.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows and Common Grounds in Newton, in the Parish of Clifton upon Dunsmore, io the County of Warwick.

41. An Act for authorising and impowering John Riley, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Wheelwright, instead of the Surname of Riley.

42. An Act to enable James Leigh Esquire, now called James Perrot, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Perrot, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Perrot Esquire, deceased.

43. An Act for naturalizing Peter Bonnet.

44. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Paul.

45. An Act for vesting the Manor of Dantsey, and Hundred of Chippenham, and diverse Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, late the Estates of Charles Earl of Peterborow and Monmouth, deceased, in Trustees, for raising a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act for Sale of the Estate of James Lord Cranstoun, in the County of Northumberland, settled on his Marriage for the Benefit of Sophia Lady Cranstoun, and their Issue, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the same; and also towards disincumbering his Estate in Scotland, settled also for the Benefit of the said Lady Cranstoun, and the Issue of that Marriage.

47. An Act for carrying into Execution several Contracts made by or on the Behalf of James late Lord Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life Time for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Chester, and for applying the Purchase Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

48. An Act for vesting the Manor of Northall, and diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, settled on the Marriage of Sir Hutchins Williams Baronet, and devised by the Will of William Peer Williams his Father, respectively in Trustees, in order to be conveyed to Agatha Child Widow, and her Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement for that Purpose, and for laying out Money arising by Sale of the Estate devised by the said Will in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the Uses of that Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act for vesting diverse Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estates of Francis Blake Delaval Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay off and discharge several Debts and Incumbrances, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Wrightson Mundy Esquire, in the County of Leicester for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same, and also his unsettled Estate in the County of Derby, and for settling the Derbyshire Estate so disincumbered, to the Uses therein mentioned.

51. An Act for confirming a Partition between John Leman Esquire, and Elizabeth Newnham, and John Newnham Esquire, of several Estates in the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex and Huntingdon, and for vesting and settling the intire Premises, which on such Partition were allotted to the said John Leman and Elizabeth Newnham, and John Newnham respectively, to the Uses therein mentioned.

52. An act for dividing the common fields of Egleton, alias Edgeton, in the county of Rutland.

53. An act to enable John Thornhaugh esquire, now called John Hewett, and his descendants, to take and use the surname of Hewett, pursuant to the will of Sir Thomas Hewett knight, deceased.

54. An act for naturalizing Francis Jalabert, an infant, under the age of eighteen years.

The End of the Table.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. Regis Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, & Hibernia, vicesimo nono.

---

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the thirty first day of May, Anno Dom. seven hundred and fifty font, in the twenty the reign of our sovereign lord Georg by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c.' And from thence continued by fevered prorogations to the thirte day ^November one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, being the third session of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

EXP.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 2, 3, 4; tr75^«

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and for the relief of the inhabitants of the city and county of the city of Lincoln, in respect of arrears of the land tax.

EXf. At 4 s. in the pound.

CAP. III.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines.

WHEREAS for recruiting his Majesty's land fmn^mdvta- marines it is necessary that a new supply of men be forthwith raif-id within the kingdom of Great Britain, by common content and grans in parliament; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and compiona in this presentpsurliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That yri^hmand throughout the several and respective counties, shires* figwart-Aleyofabte rfes, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, parUhes, towns* and places of Great Britain, a speedy and eflfedual Jey, of able bodied men to serve his Majesty as soldiers shall be forthwith had, made, practised and put in execution, according to the rules and directions of this present act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the juices of the JuiHces, com- peace of every county, Shire, stewartry, riding, liberty or place, the land" of Great Britain, and all and every the persons who were

tax, and ma- named, or otherwise appointed to be commimoners for putting gistrates of in execution an all of parliament made and passed at WfAwmfler

burghs, to in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

uecution? m intituled, dn act for granting an aid to bh Majesty by a lanftx tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thmfand seven hundred and fifty five; and for the relief of the inhabitants of the county of Lincoln, in respect of arrears of tba land iax*> or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose*, within the several and respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places therein, particularly expressed, who are stili livings and have duly qualified themselves according to the said acts, or shall duly qualify themselves accusing to this present act in that behalf, shall bgppmmissioners for putting in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, within and for the same counties shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places of Great Britain for which they were so named pr appoint- ed respectively; and that all and every the other persons* who are named or otherwise appointed to be commissiopers for putting in execution an act passed in the present (efljon of pst&ament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 4; 319

be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the fear one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and for the relief of the inhabitants of the city and county of the city of Lincoln, in respect of arrears of the land tax, within or for the Arid counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places, or any of them respectively, or such of the persons last mentioned* as shall also duly qualify themselves according to this act in tha€ behalf, shall also be of for putting in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, within and for the lame respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, ci-> ties, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places of Great Britain for which they are so named or appointed respectively; and that all and every the justices of the peace and raagifttates of corporations and burghs in any part of Great Britain, who are or shall be in any of his Majesty's commifliens of the peace, or in the magistracy of such corporation or burgh, at any time daring the execution of this act, who shall duly qualify themselves according to this present act in that behalf (although not specially named or appointed of by the said act) shall be likewise of for putting in execution this present act, and all the powers therein contained, within the limits of their commissions and jurisdictions respectively 5 all which commissioners by this act intruded with the execution of the same, are hereby itrictly enjoined and required to use their utmost care and diligence that his Majesty's service, in making such levies as aforesaid, be not disappointed or neglected.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^. sheriffs* That the high sheriff of every county, or his deputy, immedi- &cTupon no! attly upbh WceiVing notice for that purpose from the secretary at rice from they wats'(MKrend precepts to their respective bailiffs, or others fecmatyat^whqarerlifaally employed to summon juries, directine them figfMft&tt she several justices of the peace and of of SimnSning jl Within their respective divisions, to attend at the the curamu-'ufqfcptafee^F meeting in every division upon a certain day infiw*«rt to^; th* ^precepts named, within the time limited by the secreta-incct'

(Notice of which day shall be sent to the war office up- K.onthsififangof the precepts t>y the sheriff) to qualify themselves so^th^ct^tk>n of this act; and the said of (hailingto be sent tlwnafldthere appoint the several times and places for the fuc- to the war of-cstipi^ taeetfflgs in each of their respective sub-divisions during of this acts; and the said justices of the peace aMncbmm'kfftoners of the land tax shall at such meeting issue precepts to their ptettpts to the high constables, headborough* or other the high con. pfb t?et^or the respective hundreds, lathes, rapes, wa-ftaWcs> pettttfkgt of Other sub-divisions within the said counties, shires, stewartries, ridings or divisions as aforesaid; which precept shall contain aetount of the times and places appointed for the futccoding>cme>tf?ngs, and shall be returnable on a day therein to te twenty day*, and not less than fourteen

days* of Issuing thereof; and such high.coofta-v

bits* lveadb6rou^i| or other proper officers ar^h^efyremind' "S " if' forth-

Jr*

320 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 4T X. % 5&

Jbrthwkht» signify die times and placerappoinstd tec fuebjftee^ angi to the&verai-ctaiknillanen rrfiding within theic-fcfy<ft>iw and give no* districts j and the said commissioners assembledwt focfe4r&*mt> tfce to such ing to qualify themselves as aforesaid shall aMo gjvonoriee of eersMitlMdl* the t*09c and P* amle*ery focceeding diesting ip beap-attend. pointed as aforesaid, to such military officer or officers as -(hid!

be directed to attend this service, who shall demand the e. Sheri to be

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, ThatoU jrttt-abowed the sonable charges or expences incurred by any fluriff. or, deputy

pence*' sheriff in the execution of this act, shall be allowed iothie «c-

counts of such (heri(F at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer* Times &c. V. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrcfakl. That of meeting for the justices of the peace for the cities of London and.^qtiit/SWv London and in their quarter fdGons, together with such commissioners for) t^tefattled t *e8 as may be present at the said quarter-sessionsshall

the quarter-1 an<^ may down and appoint the several times and places of sessions, &c, meeting of the said of within the (kid dries respectively, provided there be not more than three meetings appointed on one day within each of the said cities, nor more given*to°the than two days in one week; of which meetings the respective admiralty and clerks of the peace for the said city shall give timely norietto the} secretary at admiralty and office of his Majesty's secretary at war, in order that, war- the said of may be attended by proper effi&is Jofc

receiving such impressed men as aforesaid. i)-

Three com-

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority qfore-midioneri im> said. That the said of, or apy three or, more of povecedto them, in their respective places or stations, shall he andarq Mweherebi" hereby authorized, and impowered to raise and levy, and_to described; cause.to be raised and levied, at any time or time$ during pe, continuance of this act, withiorfheir several limits and jurjfific- tiens, such able-bodied men as do not follow or exerafe IjW lawful calling or employment, or have not some qthqf and sufficient support and maintenance, to serve his hfa]dxvjjf. soldiers, and to require and, command all and every"the mgb.

the assistance constables, churchwardens, overseers of the poor, petly con^-( of parish and bles, headboroughs and tithingmen, and other pariflxarid^towfj^ town officers, officers, or any of them within their respective limits and jmu-didlions/to be aiding and assisting to them tlte said commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the performance or s and meet in his Majesty's service; and for that purpose the said commissifisc, their sub-divi- ers, or any three of them, are to meet in their respective fiSB-, fions, and if- djvisions according to the appointment of the justices and Coril*. search"^!-- missioners as aforesaid, and to issue out their warrants Ujidfisf rants, &c. for their hands and seals, thereby requiring and commanding (|&h persons with- churchwardens, oveileers of the poor, petty constables, ptefd--10 the deferip- boroughs, tithingmen or other parish or town officers^ 'or^else' t>on* requiring and commanding the said high constables, 'to"fffi>6

their precepts to such churchwardens, overseers, petty constables, headboroughs, tithingmen and other parish qhd toWifidf- ficers as aforesaid, every or any of them, to make ot'Ckdre'to be made a general search within their respective parishes, townships,

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 4: 5*1

cohfaMewick* or e&crplaces, for att £befa persons

as they can find, who are orlhafi 'appear to them to he within the description of this «&, and to bring a]} such persons before the of, who have power <0 execute this act, in and for such county, rshire, ftowartry, riding-or di-vificm, at such time and place as shall have been appointed by the justices and of as aforesaid for the second meet* ang of the bid of m their respective sub-divisions, which time and place shall be prefixed in the said warrants and precepts respectively; and afterwards the said of within their respective limits and divisions shall meet at such convenient time or times as they shall think fit, in order to issue their like warrants or precepts for making general searches for persons within the said description, and for bringing- them before the of at any future times and places appointed by the justices and of as aforesaid, during the continuance of this act.

VII. Provided always, That in case the second meeting »- If the ftCond pointed to be held m any subdivision, shall be at so great a dif- meeting be tance of time as may render it inconvenient to iflbe warrants for toodistant, bringing persons before such of at the second meet- of ing, then the of of such sub-division respectivelySvSoBsriaT may adjourn themselves to some convenient day, previous to adjourn to % such second meeting, in order to issue their warrants as aforesaid. previous day.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it

shall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens, over- ^nTmetting leers of the poor, constables, head boroughs, tithingmen andtbepaiiffioi-other officers of any parish or township, or any of them, at any ficers may fe-time after the said second meeting or the said of, £1, re futh P*-without tarrying for any such warrant or precept as aforesaid, v^hi^th^de-to search for, apprehend and secure all or any such persons as feription, and they or any of them shall find, or shall appear to them or any convey them of them to be within the description of this act, and to convey before com-them before the of at their next meeting for lifting of soldiers, to be examined, and (if judged within the description of this act) to be listed, and delivered into his Majesty's service, according to the true intent and meaning hereof.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That the commissioners for executing this act, who shall at-er*toexaimQ« tend this service at the place or places for lifting soldiers afore- 'I'5 persons, said, shall strictly examine the persons'who shall be brought before them by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, headboroughs, tithingmen or other parish or town officers as

aforesaid \ and in case the said of, or the major part of them then present, upon examination of the persons so brought before them, shall find that such persons shall come within the descriptions herein mentioned, and the said of, and the officer or officers who shall be appointed to and if found receive the impressed men, shall judge them to be such as are fortht hereby intended to be entertained as soldiers in his Majesty's c*services then and in such case the said of shall cause VoL. XXL Y such

tfc

to deliver them over to th

Anno \4iesimo OS

foeh personsr so.be overseers, constables,

1 fJft oi'1towft1efficers, to fadfbfffiferydPt; pottrte* <0 receive such recruit

givitig«receipt undar'vhtfV^ds^li&ad he «nen are (6 delivered to him w^tJWriif-. Whfthf-l'i > het^v reoirifiMLtTVv'ive. .1

rnmos sHj ion

for every of the parish or town so employed^'tithe n*and to their pains and services therein, twenty (htlfiti]

ofik&rrtogfrc 'i

receipts hereby required to give.

X. And be it further: f

- ^ers wb° ft11 receive such new'ibHW^RMsh,

aoe man

rdentTiiot^&*'Britain for every man so faised^Srfd1 fhtf

exceeding 40s. for every such new raised man, who fhaDhtfvd'" nor left than any sum not exceeding forty ihiHSngs, hbrf^tfiWhif of lawful money" of Great Britain, inrtotheMtidfdP1 wardens or overseers of the poor of such parish which such new raised man shall have gained il whose wife or family may become chargeable W

5s. if such man have a wife and family

m

as shall be set- township respectively; which sum shall befotttSM^wi

Himmas

xnissioners present at the meeting when filth pWfl listed, or any three or more-of theta, regard-b« number of children, or other particular circuinf person so inlisted: and the sum of sixpence pet ing every such new mifed man, who shall be dehvfcWlf

oltvcei'sc

commission-

ft*s.

Able-bodied men only to be iniided

KJDorougns, titnmgmen un« wen other pantn w rownjot»-s, or any of them, according to thb judgment dtid fflfcnttroh

the said of, or the major part of ^thttm

: /m. iq

tied by the commissionerii

and 6d. per diem to the

parish officers, said9 according to the number of days that the

&c. for the parjft| or town shall have kept hrtam have kept Power granted by this a<$, until such dchVcry 'f ' t H&fififd iJ

him. lowancea, in case of dispute, to be ascertained ^nd tfiftWbOW

Disputes to be to or amongst the said churchwardens, oveifem, ni66HSaMte settled by the headborotlghs, tithingmen und such otherfferitti

cers, or any of them, according to thbjinlgmentdtidyffif&admh of the font.

XI. Provided always, That no person

feid of by virtue of this act, who is ble-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and^&'ft^'frba ruptures, and every other distemper or bodily weaknt&tar ^fa ^' taity, which may render him unfit to perform the tfutyjdSfh^v and none un- -dier, and that no man be inlisted for his Majest^s^lelvfce?^ der 17, nor virtue of this act, who shall appear in the opinion djFjfHfe

above 45 years missioners or officer or officers appointed to receive she^T of age, nor »a u+.kUku

pa ptlts, nor who are under 5 feet 4

vx&K

XII. And it is hereby enacted, and ftridHjr ei^oirted'W f£te

Allinhabi- authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants ©if thfcfypafim aWl t^nts required township where any persons described as afordiW-do libido % ir tob. afifting. are to be found, at the instance of an one or more tjf the'fcoti}-

missioners appointed for the eXecuttonof thij a A, br <bf «iy

churchwarden, overseer of the -poor, or id vparMhOf township, shall (not having ar&Wf

eilrt*

e»set-cufe

lS^TW<?r

m

i^Lby-jh* aufrorMafcijesaid, dct-Wto-be V? saatojr fre/a'tdcpmmdTlonr, appointed by the comraif* their

(^, a^a4tt^ #, theirrpfpe<aive meetings in each iiib- appointed for im^o>, he, lifted as aforesaid j and such 'hesub-divi-- < jw flWlgpsftf ^5^ % labpur and pains in the |0 J, id^ex9f^twu9f!<JniSit^» frail b£ mtujed to,nd shall receive for the officer t». eyOTjfp^wHp.shall h* listed, m pursuance of this act, at the frrevery man

S^wfcefeop they frail respectively attend the Cum of two inM*ed*

of; ! awful money of Great Britain, to he paid by the y<si9frcer wha frail receive such new raised men respect

K' t)f '

XIVwrAWr^e it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The second Xhatifre rfud commHuoners, or such of them as frail be pro- and lixtii artl-ttmtat, frchflieeting for lifting of soldiers as aforesaid* frail cause fie* of war to top freppdrand frfth sections of the articles of war against muti-, Tr*alfed 1 'pfertion, to be read to such new raised men in the pre- men>

the said of then there; and the said com- Names of the mdhppgrs, or the major part of them present, frail forthwith T1*"- Pa.nJ|» capfeaOt WVy Pr memorial to be made in a book or hooks to be j, -e&c 'tobe kppt^ fr^ or their clerks for that purpose of the names of enteredlkt a Xvph^npyf raised men* and of the parishes or places of their.last book. a^odpi(if they can be.known) and of the time and place when p^d'Sfbpfp such men were delivered to the said officers or per- ,

fe^apptwn^d to receive them, and the names of the officers or Wieived them, and for what regiment or pom party reived, and the sums paid; and frail cause true Attested eqp» duplicates of such entries, attested by the said commis- to be trans-lioAers, or any three or more of them then present, within forty mitted within delivering such men as aforesaid, to be transmitted 4° days to the jPWt^Pdunifa'ty* or office of his Majesty's fecrewry at war ^office, on (^t^pme-.fteing, to he compared with the muster-roll* and penalty of lot e^My^py^jifer every neglect or default in not transmiiting the said)cupi?s1(y duplicates of such entries to the admiralty* or of-jfcp^the^erptary at war as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Turn of v- j)gHpd§i, one moiety thereof to the uf? of his Majesty, his,

S, afWiuccepbrs, and the other moiety to such person or per-§, Whi9frijU inform orfue for the same ip some of the courts or the court of feffioos in Soiknd; and it is hereby declared, That the pay of every Xpch new raif- Comtnence-ed ^p^J^dphyeredto ttye officersor persons appointed to receive ment of fot-t^g^flS, af<M; eisaid, frail commence from the time of his being ^, fr s Pay-. t?k§6.iipdipwppdcas aforesaid,; and from and after suchdelive- '£rad'*

J ^njJ Jpading fre laid articles of war. every per- fddiers deem-

ria}kfee(q^ soldier tp 5\11 ipteqts apd cd robelUttd.

fciP^e nf war, and in frail kc, proceed against as a deserter by any lon 10 Y 2 law

m w w1

3*4

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

'n out of the jaw- t>ow/ Uxfbrw, 'or bf any

foVcrim^nal andnoperfen so lifted AaB bed'iAblo, to ithcfekMi-yttJt

matters.

Officer* may secure im-pr*$cdmtH.

notJ

if. ?. i

iPftJmatter. u.- _, i /z.n ib A bn£ \\a biic

M*y,y; 'XV- Provided always, That cw^ng.is l^aAopWaibe^lihaH nmT^Mntiir k* construed b extend to impower thefcid commissionerf to&nfift by theofcen^ny person as a soldier, until tfisfevetal fuow hcTfiio dtrci&dd are first pud. to be paid by the respective offiflerS&ppoitKeditofeeeiypO'ifosfo new raised men, shall be first paid to the per&ooc.pfrfo'ttstc£-" r pectivdy authorized to receive the same. .< c-Vatfe odrli Ln*

XVI. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforofiuri. That the officer or officers and cth^r person oa-personaAppoifttod to attend the said of, andtorficCiwe fuCfeimprafiftd. Rlen» shall, in case he or they shall find it OWsefliryjtfoCure such impressed men in same secure house or place, to hClpth Defied by the justices of the peace in, their petty or speodl Gtflwns for that purpose i but in case no such house or1 ptattiftattibctfo provided, then in the gaol of the county, towno* place- where

such man shall be received into his Majesty's feifvice^ prast.foe house of correction or other publick prison of fuefr county*TOWn or place, where debtors are not usually confined; t and.th03Wfep-er of such gaol, house of correction or prison shall eeCeive-faCh Keeper to be impressed men until they can be removed, witltoutfeeer Irpwtrtbi allowed their and sech keeper shall be allowed the usual fabfifienee few such subsistence men, during the time they shall remain there, fjrocMhe officer Chilufiaen by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid; and she obKfta-if reunited.to bfe*> headboroughs and other civil officers shall.if reqairefiflfe be aiding in.a (lifting to such officer in conveying such manor-merttoftteh securing them, secure place, gaol or house of correction, and (balirbft allowed f.nd.tJ°be.*1'- such reasonable sum or sums as the major part of the odrtfmissioners then present shall appoint, to be paid.byithe officer ror officers who shall require such assistance.; ft;, -<t

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by (he-authority aforesaid, That it- shall and may be lawfol to and for the? laid commiflaooer*, or any three or more of them, to impede upon

e s ma le ar>y high constable, churchwarden, overseer, petty coneftahfe, afinenot'ex-'headbotwugh, tithingman or other parish or town officer/)for ceeding toi. every wilful neglect or default in the execution of act, warrant, on coftitab'e, order oc precept, to them or any of them directed in jfotfiMnce y£.r&!*X: of this act, a fine not exceeding ten pounds^ and so cause every such fine to be levied by dirt refs and sale of the offender*good», rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners ( and ftc> 4if-tributeone moiety of the said tine to reward the informer, orih-forroers, and the other moiety to the churchwardens of oVcr-foeos, to the use of the poor of the parish where the oflfenee iballbe-committed. - - rm

XIVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&d, strufibog ti* That if any person or persons whatfever. shall wilfully do.aoy ), a 6b cm thing whereby the execution of this, a#v in: the {banding

far&if id; for, taking and Securing such, able-bodied men, as.afore«id>so»)T

act Juori'ivbe

lowed for their

OommlfliQfi-

ic^brauty;

Persons ob-

II. c. 4; .525

be?hfart^rfjqrTfriifttort, iefttyftich person fhatt1 for every fooh - 1 wffetwdfopftihot <e*betding teri poawd#, to tho Ufc hf \, ebenpoerdfl^Oparitti wherefecb' ttffence dial P b« committed', and all and every such offences may be inquired of, Settl'd arid.,

Ifiwifliffo(J«rmihed by any two Ot more of His Majesty's justices _)*"* wfrehe? pmwdwcttingta oh near the placewherfeftich dfftnete fbalfbe eomrriitted, who have hereby power to cause the frfd facfc ffeacct, -penalty to be levied by distrtsfe and sale of the offender's goods &o» dndcChitWlsy VeodetiOg the bVttylus (if any be) to the owners;

and if the offenders havenO' goods and chattels sufficient to an- distrest? of-'twoetfo feid ptwritythen to commit him or her tO'the county fender to be ig*tf«riheaGr-of xomedtforV there to remain for the space of committed. Jtmeeqmeafchd withoutbail or mainprise.

'LiJflX^PhbVSdedfalwuys^aridJt«hereby'declared, That this Pertbrft who ddhfltcjlhriot extend* to the taking or levying any person to serve have aIfte atpa-foldieTyJwho-fltlS make it appear to the satisfaction of the mrmh^-aof oomrodfloners then present, that he hath any vote in the elec- parliament, 4talH0f«tty Member or members1 to serve in parliament in any m>t liable to be ^ebumtyv civy; borough, town, port or place within the kingdom lifted. cvf<G*XU'Britain. '

pXXi'And it is hereby enacted, That no person who, at the Nomilltaryof-.Vtlrte'Jirf the execution of this act, shall have any military offlee ficer q»r o*dr employment h* Great Britain (other than in the militia) shall "mmissioner. exec*k amnpower Or authority by this act given to commission-'crrtaaffbftfey.'

K'XI; And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Umtiatjonof fTHarris; anya<9iori, plaint, (bit or information shall be com-T^bon*.- it m^ieed'oeiptofeeuted against any person or persons-for what he orvUiy (HalhdO in pursuance or exedation of this oft, the same'1, J1

-fimUnba coihtftericed within three months after the offence cani- .'imtaedlp and such person or persons so sued hi any court what- GenwSlOffS*. (oever, shall and may plead the general iffie, not guilty; and Wporf'aflyfifiTue joined may give this act and the special matter lmievidende!) and if theplaintiffwr prbfecutbrshall become non-tfafa Wufort>ear further prrifeeution; ot suffer a- discontinuance,

«iri»f a'rert(lft pass against him, the defendant shall recover treble ioOfts; for which they shall have the like remedy as hv any case .,

Whenrcoriis by the law are given to defendants.

ojriKXjl, i And for the better obviating such frauds and abuses j$0 fcWier or lua marjuibe ptadfifed in discharging of (oldrers, it is hereby fur- marine, to be, ther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no private ToMier discharged whofhaite be- duly lifted into his Majesty's service by virtue of without a cer-thi»tt&( diiring the time such foWier(haH remain in 'fITe

-Mfo) fhalrbftdiffeharged from his Majesty's fervke without the con- '

fohCof thb colonel, or in his absence the field officer commanding in chief the regiment, first had and obtained In writing ufi- dertheir hands and seals for that purpose j in Which writing the '

esufehofIrii1 tSfchai^ethalhbe expirefied, and a duplicate or copy «f

of buery such-distbarge forthwith transmitted to the secretary at wtft, -h»ibvby<h imkept and entered inabook } or if a rtarine, ^feCr«aiy: without the consent of the lord high admiral or the commUHon* at war.

Y 3 ers

3*6 An ik^rnb ^dmbmfrW.

O^cer break- ert'bf'ihe adniii^ for in&tlusoHer, at^j office that fotU prefctftfe ttf e

to be cashiered. pursuant tt> this< % in any'ottef

aft, shalt for such offence he calhietid.

Impressed

XXIII. Provided always, iirfd'so fi

roen, after every person who shall tie fitted'dpefifi ... vicVto'be" have continued in the military feWlcff of Kti Mi discharged, if and successoTs, daring the foate of fiVe1 years, (hi they demand if he think fit, to demand his dischargefoottif the'vyiwi^.

St- his absence the officer Commanding the reglrttettVjOT'ipm

to which he shall belong; and foehdiffttarge (hin^Ul to him gratis in writing under the hand of fuct colonel or officer, who is hereby impowered and required so give the'accordingly; any thing herein contained to the cdHtj withstanding.

aerks to be

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the fa!8r rewarded for clerks to the said of, provided the said transmitting duplicates be duly transmitted into the office of thd ad the duplicates. or secretary at war as aforesaid, shall have and rftgSyd hands of the paymasters of his Majesty's land fortes siidtrti or One of them, such rewards as me lord high trtaf missioners of the treasury for the time being, upon eft of the numbers of men lifted in the several CotihtLa, »boroughs or other places, and the pains and charge^flif me ral clerks in this service, shall judge the said desks Wjh

respectively to dffferve. t.

His Majesty

XXV. Provided always, That his Iflj

may suspend Satisfied by the find returns of the commissiet'ftf^, '££i? the execution. that a fuftcient number of recruits in the whoje'lfftll of this act. for his present service, may be gracioustypleafodftb stop the further execution of this act, by proftdnrti in council, or other publick notice hr the thing herein contained to the contrary notwithst?rt t Person*«m-

XXVI. Provided always, and' be it farther'^!

ployadintb* authority Jforefatd, That nb' corhmrffibher, ilil 0VCrfCCr

erttptedfrota the penalties oftjCar.s,

yekr of the reigh of Kirtg the Second,

' dangers whith may happerrffcjn ptyish V bVm^nelbthft/

iW, &M, c. ?. made in the first year of the reigrt of King7/#&rw'

Muryi intituled An elf fit ab oaths

rni.^d

fupretrracy, and appointing'ot he? Oalhs', of In One dtftet1 ai& thidefn theparKarrient holden in foe thirteenth alid fourtee* - miMam the Third, trish'

_.thejfeign of the late King William the Third, intituled,

'W* for He further security of his ahdthffltcefni

'crOwn itt the froteJUmt line-, and fdr tht (xtidgUifmnpg'w

mf

Commissioners in England

rm

the preithidei{prince of Wilts and the$dbtn

andficretabettors.

XXVII. Provided always, ' tjndir if

son

1756] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 4. 327

Ton or persons hereby appointed to be a commissioner or com- not to act till rpissioners for any. county, riding, city, borough, cinque port ^hcy^ave or place of England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed (except such ken ue oa s' as duly qualify themselves to be of for executing the said-act for the land tax made and passed in the twenty eighth yjear of his present Majesty's reign, or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that, purpose) shall be capable in England,

WaLes or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a commissioner or of.ln the execution of this act, or executing any the powers of the of therein mentioned (unless it be the power heifety given of administering oaths) until such time as he or they respectively shall have taken the oaths appointed by an act of parliament made in the lirft year of the reign of King Williapi and Queen Mary, intituled An act for abrogating the iW &Mc.t, caths of supremacy and allegiance and appointing other oaths; and also in tii£ feid act, intituled An afljor the further security of his Majesty $ person and the succession of the crown in the protestant line; and for exfinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of W ales and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors; which oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said of to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said of; nor commis-and that no person or persons hereby appointed to be a commis- fionersinScot-iioner or of for any part of Scotland (except such as land till they duly qualify themselves according to the laws of Scotland, to be of there for executing the said act for the land tax dire(^ v made and passed in the twenty eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose) shall be capable of acting as a commissioner or commissioners in the execution of this present act in any part of Scotland, until such time as he or they respectively shall have duly qualified themselves according to the laws of Scotland for that purpose.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any CommWton<ri person hereby appointed a commissioner for any county, city, \n England town or place in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed (except acting before as before excepted) shall presume to act as a commissioner inhey havet* the execution of this act, before he shall have taken the said ken the oatn5* oatH^'which by this act he is required to take, and in the manner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of forfeit iool. two hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt or on the case, bill, suit or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed y and that if, '^ny person hereby appointed a commissioner for any Shire, stewartry, burgh or place in Scotland (except as before excepted)

shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this ^oL*before that he shall have qualified himself according to the laws in Scpftlandy he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of fifty poutjds, to be recovered in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, in the same manner as any other penalties are there recoverable.

act for any city, &c

er$ for counties at large within pngland.

328 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

[17-56 1

Commissioners

XXIX. Provided also, That in case there shall not he a suffi-

fox the »ourity ^ent number of of -for-^any town,

ata*rge'm3y port, or place of Great Britain (for which by this act commissioners are spectally appointed)Sdptifefer of fcfting according to the respective qualifications required'by thii*-VftyHHeri and in every such case, any the of appointed for the county, Shire, or stewartry at large, within which such city, /borough, town, or place doth (land, or which is next adjoining thereto, may act as of in the execution of this idc, within such city, borough, town, port, or place; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Qualification

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority ot commission-aforesaid, That no such person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution <si this act,^or af-atyf of the powers therein contained, in or for any county at large, within England, the dominion of Wales, (the-counties of Afegtefej^ Mt- riemtb, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomerys Pembroke, Carnarvon, and Monmouth excepted) or in or for any of the ridings in the county of York, unless such person, by himself or his tenants or trustoes, was taxed, or did pay in the same county or riding, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum t>r more of his own estate, by virtue of the said act for the land tax made and parted in England, in the twenty eighth yeor of his Majesty's reign, or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose, or unless such person so appointed to be a commilhoner, shall, at the rime of the execution of this act, by himself, his tenants, or trustees, enjoy an ertate of lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the said yearly value of one hundred pounds or more, within the said county or riding respectively; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding*.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person intended by this act to be disabled for any the causes lafc-men-luming to act, tioned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a commissioner in forfeit 501. the execution of this act, or any of the powers therein contained, every such person for such offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to any person or persons who will inform or* sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of reeord at Westminster, or in the Exchequer of Scotland as aforesaid. ujbwcjc

Commissioners

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, may act for That no person who is appointed to be a commissioner for oxc-cuting this act, in any part of Great Britain, shall be, disabled from acting as a commissioner, within aridfo^anytf fry, borough, cinque-port* or corporate toym only, WhifefcfJtxrftiall be an inhabitant at the time of the execution of this/srtftf or c: v: i 1 fromaftinjg aa a cotmniflicwcr within anytW^ini4>bfcourt

orinas of Chancery. > Jc»lT Sict

vJ. 1

XXXIII. And whereat tom*' doubts may erriftnrfwbar mapmes,

- bailiffs, andafbirxbiefnktgtftraus of cities, bortmght\ cWparku,

aft) at com- and cinque pares v for whith tmmfftcnert ate fpiehfynppmitf*d by: yirtuqoftbirq&ican nfla?commtmmrvfor cxeitMhgrtU aflwbtb*

X »>1 i !? ijVII'

Persons disabled pre-

any city, being inhabitants, or inns Of cours.

by

Item $19*

said dtittfbimghto; /*Wc$rporfites mi cinque ports \ be it further specially ap* QOfi^ed ptuthcH'ity aforesaid* That ail mayors, bailiffs, PouUed*

and other chief magistrates, who are appointed of for execu ting thiaod, shall be, and havepower to act as commissioners for executing this act, within and for any city, borough, town corporates pr> cinque port* wherein they inhabit at the time of executing rthis ad, as walk where of are specially atppoiilteBdibjfvt^U ad, as where they are not.

XXXIV. And ife(is hereby provided and enacted, That no bailiff's follower of afsistant, employed or belonging to any (he- ?ai, s r°^ riff, bailiff of liberties, marshalsea court, or any other person or e^pted?0t* perGpas that shall be so employed by any one that shall have the power, of executing any warrant or process whatsoever, shall be deemed, thereby to follow* Of exercise any calling or employ-meat, or to have a sufficient support or maintenance within the talent and meaning of this Wfarh*.

XXXV. And forasmuch as great inconveniencies may happen by imprtjfing men during the time of harveji; be it therefore enacted havW % 7o-t>y the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifteenth per certifi-day of May ope thousand seven hundred and fifty six, until the cates, not fifteenth day of October following, all harvest labourers, and liable j? b? perfeps working at hay haryeft and com harvest work within the time aforesaid, within the kingdom of Great Britain, shall pot beimprelTed by virtue of this act, hut shall be free and exempted from the same during the time aforesaid, provided they hate a certificate under the hands of the minister, and of one churchwarden or overseef of the poor or elders of the parish or place where they live, allowed under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace of the same county, Shire, stewartry, riding, city, or/places, whiphcertificate shall bp given gratis.

XXXVI. And for the more easy and better putting this act r in execution; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any within the three or, more canamissioners for putting this act in execution caitle of Yxak* in the several ridings of the county of York (being justices of the peace )-though not all of the same riding, may, within the castle: Yerky, or limits thereof, execute the powers of this act,

XXXVII. And whereas divers soldiers who have deserted his Majesty's service, have been harboured in a ter tain place called Threapwood, lying within or near the counties' of Chester and Flint, or one of them, and adjoining to the town Cuddington in the said county of Chester; be it further enacted by the au-thisaftm 5 ] thority aforesaid, That the commissioners hereby appointed for Threapwood.

the county of Chester, and the officers of the said town of Cud-iington, shall execute this act in the said place called Threapwoody according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- officer not at-said. That if at any of the meetings of the of by tending to re->this act appointed in*any of their sub-divisions, they shall not ceive r.*5ruits» he attended by Come proper officer appointed for the receiving, of recruits, either through negligence, or any unavoidable acci- an(j 0I Jcr t^e dent* then and in that case k shall and may be lawful to and detention ot \ fs)r the said of to adjourn themselves to some otherlhe impreiTei

cop-mcn#

convenient dayj and they are hereby authorised to give directions for detaining; in custody all such persons as shall have been' then brought before them by the parish officers to be infilied, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty's service; and the said of shall give notice to any of the officers attending on this service, in the county or place where such sub-divisions shall lye, of the day of such adjourn-Notice of ad- ment; and the said officer is hereby required either to attend iournment to himself, or to appoint some other officer to attend such combe given to missioners, and to receive such persons as the said of ^d?ng this*" ^all inlist into his Majesty's service; and the officer so receiving service, See. the recruits shall pay to such person as the of shall

Officer to pay appoint, sixpence per dim, for the subsistence of every recruit subsistence then infilied, from the day of the (aft meeting of the commis-every^recruit fi°ners>to kid day.wf adjournment, the same to be charged 5 to the account of the several regiments or companies into which

and' idenul^rocru* be infisted, together with such charges and ru i u n ji CXpences as appear to the said of fa have been

incurred on account of the detaining the said person* from the day of the former meeting of the said of, ' to the day of such second meeting, not exceeding three pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afor^ said, That this act, and every thing heiein contained, shall bt and continue in force until the end of the next session of parlkk-ment. 6s

CAP. V.

Mfaefty t<t grant. commisfim fjtmfacif/preigu presfatemtowi>» Jbave fervid

officersinters, to& emd ra»kl asejfsteriar. ongbr ', "*e&s: /fw tinder Yeffiri&kns

: '! Mificattohs: ff '; 1'htL]

WHEREASfa m ahmfa m

I eigd.€M M&W* act fornaj^K^-

others, tba-ijiiynteflfipq^ fa ... settle, in any of his Majesty's .gpjojji^j

Ameritpy.all persons' born out..ef Ijgcpnce c'"'*

fairs^farftuftjforfa. wfa have refid

to; ... 4, a re/iffafiT' wJwvjism* fwHi

iV; ififssV fv w % Aiperica tlor Jhyet 7r>|J^_ Jj the J/tid colonies for a longer t'>M two months during tpefqidfeveuyeafst upon conditions prtfcr.tyfafa

said, #8, naturalized, and made partaken of all viltges which the natural-born of this ft aim do

than fufh as are specifed tn.a.prevyo the said 7

charges.

©jntimianee of this act.

fatH*1

ing such, fccaip »re/ett{ed, or

ff] K*t JO

-I'

a-

i-i

whereas, many foreigners, being protfat's 'srtfastfdfafdf /jncofaq^mefU. offered tflpepipy th to reftfafa^" Jwe if the said colonies (said particularly..in tfa. provinces land and Pensylvania) fai ne(urplrhrn fufjtfls(f wb'uf

tioned province fa in great part conjijt

'iie.'S

Anno 4ibb»{IcoilMlfc>«i.f, $gK

zuhofe baclwardness in their own defence exposes thrnselyes, and that part of America, to imminent danger: and whereas, for the better defence of the said colonies, it hath been proposed to raise a regiment there, Confining of four battalions of one thousand men each, and to inliji as soldiers in the said regiment any of the said foreign inhabitants of the said-colonies, who, together with the natives, shall voluntarily enter themselves in his Ma'jejlys service as soldiers; which foreigners cannot Jo well be raised or trained, without the affiance of same officers who are acquainted with their manners and language: and whereas it is expedient in the present juncture of affairs, to facilitate the speedy raising of such regiment, and to enable a certain number of foreign protestants who have served abroad as officers, or engineers, and thereby acquired experience and knowledge, to serve and receive pay as officers in the said regiment, or as engineers in America; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all such foreign protestants who shall Foreign pro-receive commissions from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to {^served ° be officers in the said regiment, or to be engineers, in America abroad as offU (which commissions it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, cers and engi-his heirs and successors to grant) and shall, in some of his Ma- ncers, receiv-jesty's colonies in America, take and subscribe the oaths, and coraiiT(non$6^ make, repeat, and subscribe the declaration, appointed by an tSdngVhtT*/ act made in the first: year of the reign of his late majesty King oaths,

George the First, intituled An act for the further security of his Majesty's person and government, and the succession of the crown in 'the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and for ex-tinguifhtng the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, his open and secret abettors; and shall at the time of the taking and subscribing an(j producing of the said oaths, and making, repeating, and subscribing the certificates of said declaration, produce cettificates signed in manner directed their having by the said act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, ^ramein f their having received the sacrament in some protestant and re- fomeprot/ formed congregation within the kingdom of Great Britain, or stant church, within some of the said colonies in America, within six months to serve iu before that time, shall and may be enabled to serve and receive America, pay as officers in the said regiment, or as engineers in America*

II. Provided nevertheless, That the number of such officers Number of of-in the said regiment shall not in the whole, at any time, exceed exceed °o-° fifty; nor the number of engineers in the whole, at any time, nor eng5£* C^ceCd twenty. ncers 20.

III. Provided also, That the colonel of the said regiment Coi0nel to be

shall be a natural-born subject, and not any person naturalized a natural born or made a denizen. subject.

IV. Provided also, That no such foreign officer shall be en- To serve in abled by this act to serve as an officer or engineer in any place, America only* except America only; but every such foreign officer, when he duced^have shall be reduced, shall be capable of receiving half-pay, accord- half pay,

ing to the rank in which he shall then serve.

: 'cap/

r. - Vl'^ 4*'riun^t r^; irl h' 1 }o srflo j 2f!iJuj?x: > loVtHnomio: ^'*> >, vn; oii; 7u^'j.OlAfP^oytm^rJ t).iifT sHi loi wfcin&

<..';7') v i'i 'i >' o\7n>nc! r j; Irn zi'ii^q ymo fc/n,

TX7ffE % K % -atym^hfntaJflnafar\thafafetyrbf'ytkh\Mngii W< .&*» <jk<tbriefence of the f//flume, of thifrdwh.ef>Gancst Britain, that o'bodyof mtrinofarm flxnild it extpkyhlinIfej; iMsj&

fly'sflat and naval fervict, imdrr the SreBwnafvibdIbratibijgiiwdu moral, or toamiffitmerr* forexemtingHbe f ijfi brdtlghJkdatiral of Great Britain: mid tethereas the said an rhu foretsmiyfl-e^aditu if.it Quartered oaJbort, whetethey laNLuot he fabjt&xb relating to tko government ofbis MajestftfarUi byrfealyet meant-> thekfi it being rtqmfae for theretamng offulhfootes in theintAfty,

that an exaff di/ciptinehe obforved, etmdtoat

tiny orflir up /edition, or shall-desertJoislAeflftyxi'ftrmtt/ke?bcvmght to a more exemplary and Jptedy paniflxpeut-tBan the MwxoUljdafa be it enacted by the King's itnoft excellent majestyyj ty and: wads the advice and' consent of the lord* (ptritual andiMipirifepH«common* in this present parbameot assembled, and iby Aetna

officer and ibority of the same. That from; and after the twenty fifthadhy private man, of March otic thousand seven hundred and fifty six, ifahytperiow; on shore, being entered eft in pay as an offiaer uf marines, ot.whaiilor shall be listed, or in pay as a private man, in any compiny at

marine* in his Majesty's service, and on the twenty; fifthadayfo

jWorth one thousand seven. huadsed and fifty six fhalkcreraam in

___- firth service, or during the continuance of this act draft he ViaM

luotarily entered and in pay as a marine officer or private.than in his Majesty's service, and being ordered on.«mpioyedunrftiah service, at anytimeduring thecootinuance of thi*adbfi»n (hfare, vi'in atty place within the realm of Ihrihe kadg

who shall mw- ^<, in of Ireland, or in any of hise Majesty's damtnh»i»jbc^and the seas tefpefiively, shall begiq, ototCy eSafe, or < jean/in him kft, fa, ti Bsutirty or (edition, in the contpany-tu'which-he <btk>ar>Aam, i vi < belong, ' or inany other company, troop or reguhem, it either of

' ^narine or land forces in his Majesty's feeviee, orlhalinnotrtifa

hfs utmeft endeavours td suppressthe same,; dr tmnfritfejto hbe Jtnowkdge.bf any such mutiny, > or intended mutiny^ maUihfae without delay give information thereof to bia ooibiaandipdbffid car, Or shall ddfert.his Majesty's service*'ortbeirfg adtaanytsroi tered ^s a marine in any company,: (haW lift hknfelf inanvcOther company, troop, or regiment, in his Majesty's -ferwoe, ewith* out iirft having a dischargein writing from the-ofttcericbmaBpmih ing in chief the company in whiAbeiaft'served^araihiariiHtd w. or shall be found.steeping upon lus poll, or fbaiHeaveiCibeEbte

fottnJflSrtiig wheved $ or shall hold correspondence. with any tebcl; or baetny on, or deftir of his Majesty, or give them advite-or intelligence dof uatty itindj by any way*.or means, or.in any manner wh*tfiQover', or1 (had corrXm-1'treat w*t^1 stich rebels or enemies,; ot: enter into anyjirancfidan deucewhh with them, without his Majesty's licence, ocllccn»etgiMhdlord the enemies, high admiral of Great Britain, ot of.thrce.br merr oftthfeeam« v..missionen

or fist in any other regi-.. ment, &c.

or (ban W

x7S$*]i Aoooo.Hcdbjtt)R0>OfGliQ*iC}>t>lJ.('ea (S. fj$

missioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great or shall ft nice, Britain for the time being'j^or ishall Jftrike or use any violence r dl(5>bcT^" ^P^wr, pffi^, ^i>tlK Mention of hwt>$

°^cert shall fuf-

or mall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer; all ter death, or and every person and person^ so offending in any or either of such punish-thp matteri-before-mentioned, on- (herenr any part of tHTs kifl# ment*a dons or Inland', or any of his Majesty's dominions beyoneftne

teas,: shall fusses death, or suchotha- punishmentas by a coarC-i iftartfed/shall hd inflifledi -

lift And "belt fortherenacted by the authority aforesaid, That The lord high ibfhalLkod may* from time, to time, during the condhuance of ma'v'mnt a* this act^ be lawful to and for tfiesaid lord tugh admiral, or rhred commffion to oruvore of the said -commissidAers for executing the hid office hold general of lord high admiral far the time being, to grant a commisslotr courti-nur-undek.hisdcT their respectivehand or hands, to any officer oftial» &c* ndarines'kr-hte^ Majesty's fcrvke, not under the degree of a field officer, for the holding a general oourt-martiai at<any place oft hoctraatAoiem this realm, or in Ireland, or in any of taftf Majdfh&i dominionsbeyondthe leas; in every of which courts-noartixh, all her any of the ' offences aforesaid, tfnd 'all tnr any .., -r

otfeer of the offences hereiitMtfrer specified. 'shall be tried and

pflofceededag3in& fofoch manner, as by this act is directed.

vIll^iAndbe it aKb enabled. That it shall and may be lawful Courts mar-'to and: foefuch«ourts-in«rtial nespectively, by their -sentence ol*tial "y ^odgrhenty to1 instiftcorporhl punishrocnt, not extending to hft^?a|^entPfor Or toh, -off any marine, for immorality, lmfbehxvieur, or neg- immoralities, left of! duty On (bore, in any place or places within this realm1 See. arJrdani^ or any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the' ftasj durmgitbcToatinuance of this act. - - - 1

-riVh rAnd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Lords, &c. of 3?hid itrihail and may be lawful to and for the (aid-lord highad-- ?he admiralty iniraMor three or more of the of fof executing the find officedf lord high admiral, at any time during the conti: Aaance af tthis aft, to make and estabCfty rules: and articles1 iw mem of-ma^ ferriting; under his or their respective hand or hands, for the pu-'ny an<1 de-rihhmenf of mutiny and desertion, immorality, !misbehaviowyftruon, 4tc* rid negteftof duty, in any of his Majesty's marine forces, ' trials non shorem any part of this realm, of or any off

his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, and for bringing offer fendtfr against the same to- justice; and to erect and conmtute-and toamfti-courts.*martial with power totry, hear and determine, anytute'wtfrEil crimes or offences spetified in such rules and articles, and in-fUft ponishments by fetwence or judgment for the same, according tohe tree intent and ineanfng of this act.

j: V. Brovided always, That no person or persons shall be ad* None.$o|Oe -0 judged to differ any punishment extending to life or limb, by ^wdgJP W.-d she Aid rules and articles, within the kingdom of Great hr Ireland, ' except for sech crime or crimes as ir or are exprdlW to be so punifoabie toy this act, -tf© pqjfilW]©,

i.^VL: Atxbit 4s> herebyfurther enacted and declired, That tier by*a i»

general'bofnrymartial, which shall have power40 fit by vlrt ue of wwft r.j; u. Ti;: n this

134 Aoo tfaj&on>Bd»Q(iG^Qlwni3li»ci6dK ['i3^r

tpufiO'afr*- tjrig^fty tiwU -conhltofa- kfcJ mmtbtrtfaflhjtbirwatil wharagf aj^Ute pw£. Booe.to be under the-degeecof* cama^Qrt.£3fimr©fco4M*i«k» Sd ofitetfov awiitte prtlkknt#f fiach court->mfti?tisLfbi»HiDfltcbdiMfidftfeltbc oflScernext in degree, of a. field-officer of muritie^,; ualefe wl)ere f«ob fiddhoffi* fcniority, not cer cannot i>e had, in which case* the toaiioeioffioerineKtitAfos nodee, the da- niority to fitch. field officer, ' amdthciidegreeip|/»>

gee of a cap- shall, pcefidsat such courtanssAl; and that such

May admini- martial shall bare power and aMthodty^andaecheeehyjSftqmoed* fter anoatfato to administer an oath toeverywimess, inorder to tbtJfcxibilfia-tien or trial of any of the ofieacesJbatmall cams beiferoitbtwc Oflictn tebc

VII. Provided always, That.m all trials bfeffcndt*$jhy: ro« fyosa, neral courts-martial, to be held by virtue t>Mhiaadl, j-evfcr)boffin car present at such trial, before, apy, proceedings be.hadAhewupoHa shall takethe following oaihs.upoa the holy Evangehfta*nbo«. fere the court, and judge adyotate, or his.deputy (whojMW hereby authorized to administer the same) in these words that is to lay, a,; ..iA' XI

- I j.i.j / o/h

YO U shall well and truly try and determine the.evin

denct whith shall be given in the matter now before yau± ben tween ottr fotnrtign lord the Kings saaje/ly, and the prifotUr ta, be tried: So help; pau..GQd*i

j.v.l,: ..i

I A.B. da /wear. That I will duly admnijler jujliteauording ta an act of parliament now in forte for the regulation of hit. Ida* Jeffs marine fortes while on /bore, to the.

tula made in purfnante of the faii act of parliament far the ment of mutiny and desertion, and other crimes therein respectituely u>, mentioned, without partiality, favour or affcSlion; and if stop

bnon!.. ./haltarife [which is not explained by the said act of.partiastmi* dr

' the/aid rules and articles) according to my emfeientti the; befliofi sap

' anderjlanding, and the tujloss of war in the hkt cases. dudi.furthCg fiuwr-> I will»t divulge the fentme of the court untilit shall

\ i, Kr, 'beappraved by the lord high admiral, or three, or more of Oovumfy

- ftoners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain

.. neither will I upon any account at any time vjbetsoever.*. 4i[clift or

discover the vote^or opinion., of arty particular mmberttftheicourht - <- martial, unless required to give evidence, as a. wiluofi+hyb

'.covert of justice in a due towrfe of law. n'Curj i>n£

'So help me God

'«.'.J; Jinst

The judge ad- And (o soon as the said oaths shall have been adsniniltered Mtbt vocate to be respective members, the prelident of the court is htirehjrj&u-iwyrfl.:, thorraed and required to administer to the judge advscrtto, of ... a the person officiating as such, an oath in the fodowing^wordsi

' " 1 n: ad

T A* B. do fwoar, That I will not upon ouy aeeomst at huy'dimt

I.- J. whatsoever disclose or discover the vote or opinion efanypari'vtis

Jar smasher of the court-martial,

thereof as awitnefsx by a court cf jufficadn.csjdtuifirwjc '.. V«- So helpyoae.Qcah

And

AridKO imtnner'oifdsatbdtsUli be<gi«n ^inft/anybffettdeuby In krtxtnmof any <bhJg«nentf «ourt-marrial osxforesaid, urUtfenme^rfficns prUfenffhalfcbncur thereanvoud ifthcre bcroureofficecsiire. cor.iAfo.*: fiftpthini thirteen, thenehe'judgment shall pais by- thejopnfc cotttnctpof two third* of the ©mceri, present # and no proceed-.. -, u. > t

mg4>t>3Ebff(hali be had upon arty offence, but between the hours Houtroftrilfti ofeig^dofthedock iuttomorning and three in thexlierooqp, ',; '.

dooewiiwcofes-which require an immediate example. M

Vell/Titivided always, That the-party tried by any general The party; oewrd>n»ariial to be held as aforesaUL shall betnutied to acopy tried, inretoi fthplfetttbnce and proceedings of such court-martial# updri ae-mand thereof'made by-himself, or-bj-any other, person--or. pec- anj fottejotv hit'behalf (he or they, -paying reafoqabiyfbrthe iarne) ing». atdny ti me not sooner than three months after such sentence, whether Inch sentence be approved or pot# any thing in this act

odheiebntrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every proceejjn_. judge advocate, or person officiating as such at any general court- 0# jriyvrial to$ttiheld as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required to martial to be transimk, vwlth as much expedition as the opportunity of time transmitted to anddifamce of place can admit# the original proceedings and fottteftoooof iuchcourt-martial to the secretary of the admiralty for the time being; which original proceedings and sentence shah-behy-him carefully -kept and -preserved in the office of the otftniraky ei Great Britain, to the end that the persons intitlea

thereto may be enabled, upon application to the iaid office, to obtain copies thereof according to the true intent and meaning of-tkhr.9&."- '-

X. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ended# None to be IShdrno-marine, either officer or private man, ' being acquitted tried a second Or conviiledof any offence at any such court-martial- as afore* time for the salt), -'shall be liable to be tried a second time by the lame, or anyame offence-othercourt-martial for the fame offence# and that no feotence t^be'revised givenbyany court-martial, and signed by the presideot thereof# more than be liable to be revised more than once, once.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or private Deserteri be-rttan shall desert his Majesty's <service in any of his-dominions yond Tea, &c. beyond the seas, or elsewhere beyond the seas, and (half escape may be tried and come into this realm or /remind, before he be tried byie7: <Vn dourt-martial for such offence, and shall be apprehended for the Ireland' same; such officer or private man shall be tried for the same as tfi the Isaid offence had been committed within this realm.

XII. Provided always, That-nothing in this afi contained (halt extend, or be construed to extend to exempt any marine, exempt any either officer or-private man, whatsoever, while on (bore, from on shore from, being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law. process.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no prf- persons tried son or persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital erimas, by the civil violence s©r> offences by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be magistrate punched byn>a*court*inartia| for the faqie, otherwise-tlun by z

-Ca(hiePi0g, court-martial.

336

Persons accused of capital crimes, See. to be dettvertd over to the civil magi-ttratt, te»

Tuitions names allowed by his Majesty's order for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false muster. Paymaster to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. [1756.

XIV. Provided also, knd be it further eitacted, That if any marine officer, non-commission officer or private man shall be accused of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence a-eainst the person, estate or property of any of his Majesty's fab-JeAs, which is punishable4>y the known laws of the land; the commanding officer or officers of every company or party is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate; and shall also be aiding and amfting to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial5 and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or refofe, upon application made to him for that purpofie, to deliver over any fuen accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and affiftingto the officers of justice in the apprehend- ang such offender 5 every such' officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two* or more justices of the peace for the county where the faA is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso faCfo ca- (hiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civH or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

XV. And whereat his Majesty bath been graciously pleased, in eompaffion to the distressed condition of several widows of officers of the army, who have lost their lives in the service of the late wary or during the late rebellion, by orders made under his royal sign manual, to dir eft his commtssary general of the mufiers to allow upon the muster rolls of all the regiments, troops and companies, a number of fictitious names therein mentioned, instead of private men, in order to ratfe and settle a fund for the maintenance of such widows of officers as are or shall be intttled to his royal bounty; therefore for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's said gracious intentions with respect to the allowing of nAitious names upon the muster rolls of the said marine forces whHe on shore, for the purpose aforesaid; be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, during the continuance of this act, to and for the said lord high admiral, or three or more of the said of for executing the said office of lord high admiral for the time being, by orders in writing under his or their respective hand or hands, to direct the person for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces, to p?y over the foil pay of such fiAitious private men, as shall be allowed on the muster rolls of the said marine forces while on shore, as aforesaid, to the proper receiver appointed by his Majesty, according to such orders and instructions as his Majesty shall be pleased to make under his sign manual for the purpose aforesaid, and that no a!l6wance of any such fiAitious name, upon any muster roll of the said marine forced while on (hoTt, as aforesaid, shall be construed to be a false mutter; any thing

in

-toWvfefinWIMW* -ilv 3J7;

04T !*/7 4 l'i

fUhtJwg rutm sjf'p;-! -/v-:: '»^f ? <wj rwh" '"rr?

iSVi>T^ife«iw><f^f /4*£ bi'pcutfw for*>$e.(patdfingu K'; ",

and^f^-kftthi^idrm^in^f^i inftvw<dj&tfakurMv^ "jj- '- '- d r,; b«ft(Kt«rthir t^i^authority afor^ T{iat. % ^onftaWe#)&c., a04 idii)'ing£^«cCQntMwance^ttbis act, apd.no longer (in-pfHfr, tp quart*--«f» ' Aionest.efcMifM'dtfr. or orders in wiling in that behalf under thpfice/s and men hond yf the said lord high admiral, or under-the hands of three!1 i?n*, ijJ?* Ofilnodt of the coinmili'ioners for-^ceuting the office of lord000*' hcghrdd<i}irAl for the time being) it shall and may be lawful to, a fid f f»ff tbotRwftabJesrtitffiiBgmea, headborquehs and other. ch^<o^nd, iongtftr^tes of-cities, towns and villages, and <^e^pjMO^ryj^f^ vfi^Wr/^dM>andrh&towA of Berwick upon Zthtfrfj.fljM}; ^thfif-tfrfauk pt^bfeuee, for any one justice of t^IttfWiinhslbihfHpiS & tywanny such city, town, village or, pj % ge£ wd S»r pa Others*-and such constables apd other civil n*agiiWtefras^pre(ai4 aw-hereby requited to.ijnstrter and billet, t hepwbi«choi^officers and private men inhis Majesty's fey-v|c*k> Ubihftfi, livery<-stables, ale-houses^ viituaOing-houses, and all h wf«a pfpersons felling brapdy, Aroqg waters, cyder or me-thcgJhpbfljretail, to be drank imhouses, other than and except the| Jyfeu)y prjK>uses of any diAiliers, who keep houses or places of But in no dif-distiffing brandy and Arong waters, and the house of any Atop-house* keepetsi whyfe principal d«alings.Q)allbe more in other^gods morin'prU and mftrehyndiaes than in brandy and Arong waters (so as such Tat'e houfj«T distilWs-any shop-keepers do not permit or Suffer tippling in his.or, tho*C houses) and in no othdr, and in no private houses whatsoever^ without the consent of the occupier; nor shall any more.bilhst, sat any time be ordered, than there are effective marines ppefent to', be. quartered; and if any conAable, thbingman, or penalty on fqcb Jilceofficeror magistrate as aforesaid, ftwll.prdjume to qpar- constabl«, &c. tyr orsbtfLetauy such officer or hfivate-man "id any fuqh private quartering of-hppSb) ^hppt the consent of the occupier.; in fuqh case such ^ri£jt«, ea o9qapiernftM»U have his or their remedy at laR.3gai.nA such in a- joules. See. giffra^c-.sr officer, for the damage that such' occupier (lial) fuf-t aethereby(j, 3nd of any. marine officer shall take upon him to Penalty on of-qnyjcW prtvate men otherwise thtnUslimhrdwd allowed by ?cers quarter-tlpsy$a or mall use orofler-aw menace oc.compuifion to any Sf/corurary niWftW^ableftor other cwjo^cer's hefaecmehtfoned, tendT to thi, aft, "i

iqg to ^er.and diicouryge. aa^ <£ them from, performing any pyrt of their duty hereby, required or appointed,; such marine officer shall for-every; such offence fixing thereof convicted before. apy tW nr more of thy. next jgttices pt the peace of the coqniy, hyribe oath of two, credible wfrne(les) be deemed and tajkeu to he ipfi fatto caftiierfd» and (hjill be utterly disabled to

have or hold any military employment within this kingdom, or

indusijwtaJeAy's servicej. provided the said conviction be affirm-

eqjat" the next quarter^leffibns of the 'peace' of the said county,

and.ifertiEcate thereof transmitted to the judge 'advocate, i who.is hereby obliged to, Qeriify t|ie.same to the next court-mar- _ ,

{V M{hinjfelf aggrieved, in thatjgj^ V*

Vol. XXr. Z suche '

complain to any justices.

Officers and marines to be furnished at the rates here* in set.

What umhol-ders may allow men quar* tered on thqm> instead of meat$

Penalty on officers taking money to ex-cute quartering.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. [1756.

such constable, tithingman or headborough, chief officer or magistrate (such chief officer or magistrate not being a justice of the peace) has quartered or billeted in his house a greater number of marines than he ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours; and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city or liberty, where such marines are quartered; or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more justices of the peace of such division, city or liberty; such justice or justices respectively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have power to relieve such person by ordering such and To many of the said marines to be removed, and quartered upon such other person or persons as they shall see cause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such marines accordingly.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the marine officers and private men so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, shall be received and fumiftied with diet and small beer by the owners of the inns, livery-stables, ale-houses, vi<ftu-alling-houses and other houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this act; paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence-money for diet and small beer.

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any innholder or other person on whom any non-commission officers or private men shall be quartered by virtue of this act (except on a march, or employed in recruiting; and likewise except the recruits by them raised, for the space of (even days at most, for such non-commission officers and private men, who are recruiting, and recruits by them raised) shall be desirous to fumith such non-commission officers or private men with candles, vinegar and salt, and with either small beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to such non-commission officers or private men the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall give notice of such his desire to the commanding officer, and mall furnish 2nd allow the same accordingly; then and in such case, the non-commission officers and private men so quartered shall provide their own victuals; and the officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who shall actually receive the pay and subsistence of such non-commission officers and private men, shall pay the several sums herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence-money for diet and small beer, to the non-commission officers and private men aforesaid, and not to the innholder, or other person on whom such non-commission officers and private men are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any marine officer shall take or cause to be taken, or knowingly lufferto be taken, any money of any person for excusing the quartering of officers or private men, or

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. 339

any of them, in any house allowed by this act; every such offi* cer shall be cafhi^red, and be incapable of ferring in any military employment whatsoever.

XX. And whereas it may be for the benefit of the service for the commanding officer to have a power to exchange the billets or quarters ef marines quartered in the same town or place $ be it therefore en- Commanding acted by the authority aforesaid, That the commanding officer officer may of marines in any town or place where such marine forces are exchange ma-quartered, shall, and he is hereby declared to have power from rlnca(luarter* time to time to exchange any marine or marines quartered in such town or place for any other marine or marines quartered in the same town or place; provided the number of men do not Constables to exceed the number at that time billeted on such houses respect billet accord-tively, where such men shall be exchanged $ and the constables, n* tithingmen, headboroughs and other chief officers and magistrates of the cities, towns and villages, or other places where any of the said marine forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men so exchanged accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No paymaster, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-c: to make find seven hundred and fifty-six, no paymaster, or other officer of 0£*c°u or person whatsoever, shall receive any fees, or make any dc- p duftions whatsoever out of the pay of any marine, either officer or private man, in his Majesty's service, or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the said twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, other than the usual deductions for clothing, and twelve pence in the pound Exceptions, to be disposed of as his Majesty shall think fit, and the one day's pay in the year for the use of the royal hospital at Chelsea, and such other necessary deductions as shall from time to time be di-rested by the said lord high admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the said office of lord high admiral for the time being, by order in writing under his or their respective hand or hands.

XXII. And that the quarters both of the said marine officers officerstogive and private men while on shore as aforesaid, may, during the Notice to inn. continuance of this act, be duly paid and satisfied, and his Ma- tVV?* jetty's duties of excise better answered, be it enacted by the au- m0?ntheir thority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of hands.

March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, every officer

or other person to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall actually receive the pay or subsistence-money for one or more particular company or companies of the said marine forces, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each receipt of every particular sum which shall from time to time be paid, returned or come to his or their hands on account of pay or subsistence, give publick notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or private men are quartered by virtue of this act; and shall also appoint the said innkeepers and others to repair to their quarters at such times as they (haji appoint, for the distribution and payment of the said pay or subsistence-

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. [1756.

money to such officers or private men, which shall be withyi four days at the farthest after the receipt of the same as aforesaid; and the said innkeepers and others shall then and there acquaint such officer or officers with the accounts or debts, (if any shall be) between them and the officers and private men*so quartered in their respctfive houses; which accounts the said officer or officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be distributed either to the officers or private men: pro-Rates of sub- vided the said accounts exceed not for one marine commission fla?dtoinn- °cer un^er the degree of a'captain, for such officer's diet and Eeepere'&c. small beer, per diem, one shilling, and if such officer shall have a horse or horses, for each such horse or horses for their hay Officers not an^ straw, per diem9 six pence; nor for one private man's diet giving notice and small beer, per diem9 four pence: and if any officer or offi-of fubffltence- cers as aforesaid shall not give notice as aforesaid, and shall not S'qw- immediately, upon producing such account dated, satisfy, confers, S q " tent and pay the same; upon complaint and oath made thereof by any two witnesses, at the next quarter sessions for the county*or city wherein such quarters were (which oath the justices of the peace at such sessions are hereby authorized and required to Paymaster to administer) the paymaster or person for the time being autho-satisfy t^em rized to pay the said marine forces, is hereby required and au-meai* CCfS tbonzed (upon certificate of the said justices, before whom such oath was made, of the sum due upon such accounts, and the persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said sums out of the arrears due to the said marine officer or officers, upon penalty that such paymaster or person shall forfeit their respective place or places or paymaster or otherwise, and be dif-, charged from holding the same for the future. And in case there shall be no arrears due to the said officer or officers, then the said paymaster or person for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces, is hereby authorized and required to dedud the sums he shall pay pursuant to the certificate of the said justices, out of the next pay or subsistence-money of the company to which such officer or officers shall belong; and such officer or officers shall for such their offence, or for neglecting to give notice of the receipt of such pay or subsistence-money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso fast cashiered.

On moving

XXIII. And where it shall happen that the subsistence-money fjomluartcr8*due to any marine officer or private man shall, by ocqafion of make up ac-° acc^ent> not be paid to such officer or private man, or such counts, and officer or private man shall neglect to pay the same, so that give certifi* quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as this z6t direct; in every cates for mo- such case it is hereby further enacted, That every such officer ney due, &c. shall, before his or their departure out of his or their quarters, where such company shall remain for any time whatsoever, make up the accounts as this a6tdirecls, with every person with whom such company shall have quartered, and sign a certificate thereof, and give the said certificate so by him signed to the party to

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. 341

whom such money is due, with the name of such company to which he or they shall belong; to the end the said certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the proper pay matter of the ma- Paymaster to rines, who is hereby required immediately to make payment P*?the funu thereof to the person or persons to whom nich money shall be due, to the end the same may be applied to such company, under pain as is before in this act directed for non-payment of quarters.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Officer*, See. it shall and may be lawful to quarter officers and private men of to be quarter-his Majesty's marine forces in Scotland, in such and the like places, th^ laws iti and houses as officers and private men of the land forces might force at the have been quartered in, by the laws in force in Scotland at the time uaion direct, of the union; and that the possessors of such houses shall only be liable to furnitti the said marine officers and private men quartered there, as by the said laws in force at the time of the union was provided, with respect to the officers and private men of the land forces; and that no such marine officer shall be obliged to pay for his lodging where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the suburbs of Edinburgh.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Justices to or That for the better and more regular provision of carriages for der constables his Majesty's marine forces in their marches, or for their arms, clothes, and acoutrements, in England, Walts > and the town of mfrIne Berwick upon Tweed, all justices of the peace, within their fe- forces on their veral counties, ridings, divisions, shires, liberties, and precincts, march, being duly required thereunto by the said lord high admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the said office of lord high admiral for the time being, by an order in writing under his or their respective hand or hands, shall, as often as such order shall be brought and shewn unto one or more such justices by the officer, or officers of the company or companies of marines so ordered to march, issue out his or their warrant or warrants to the high constables or petty constables of the division, riding, city, liberty, hundred or precinlt, from, through, near, or to which such company or companies shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the same, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burden: and in case mfficient carriages cannot be provided within any such riding, city, liberty, hundred, division or precinlt, then the next justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding or division, shall, upon such order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the marine officers aforesaid, blue his or their warrant or warrants to the high constables or petty constables, of such next county, riding, liberty, division, or precinlt, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency: and the aforesaid officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant or warrants from such justice or justices of the peace, is or are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned,

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. [1756.

of the high constable or petty constable to whom the warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in hand to the said constable or petty constable, for them of the person who shall provide such carriages and men, the sum of one shilling for every mile any waggon with five horses shall Rates for car- travel; and the sum of one shilling for every mile any wain with riages, fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses, shall travel; and the sum of nine pence for every mile any cart with four horses shall travel; and (b in proportion for Ids carriages; for which respective sums so received, the said constable or petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the person or persons paying the same: and such constable or petty constable mail order and appoint such person or persons having carriages within their respective liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such carriages and men, according to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and fumi(h Penalty on of- the same accordingly; and if any marine officer or officers, for ficers forcing the use of whose company or companies the carriage was pro-traveT more v*ded, shall force and cooftrain any waggon, wain, cart or car-thaunone day's r*a8c to ^avel more than one day's journey, or shall not dischargp gurney, fcc. the same in due time for their return home, or shall suffer any marine or servant (except such are sick) or any woman to ride in the waggon, wain, cart or carriage aforesaid, or shall force any constable or petty constable, by threatnings or menacing words, to provide faddle horses for themselves or servants, or shall force horses from the owners, by themselves, servants or private men; every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum ot five pounds; proof thereof being made upon oath, before two of his Majest/s justices of the peace of the same county or riding, who are to certify the same to the proper paymaster of his Majesty's marine forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid sum of five pounds accordingly to the order and appointment under the hands and leak of such justices of the peace, and is al(b hereby impowered to deduct the same out of such officer's pay.

Penalty on

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That constables, &c. if any high constable or petty constable shall wilfully negjedfc oregle&. refute to execute any such warrant of the said justice or justices of the peace, as shall be directed unto such constable or petty constable for providing carriages as aforesaid; or if any person or persons, appointed by such constable or petty constable tp provide or fumifti any carriage and man, shall refute or pegleft 4o provide the same* or any other person or persons whatsoever £haJl wilfully do any act or thing, whereby the execution of any such warrant or warrants shall be hindered or frustrated; every inch constable, or other person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor left than twenty shillings, to the use of the poor of the pa-mtti where any such offence shall be committed: and all and every such offence and offences shall and may be enquired of, bpgrd and folly determined, by two of fos Majesty's justices of

1756 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 5.*343

the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XXVII. And whereas tbi respective sums efmney by this act ap-feinted to be paid to the constables by the officers demanding such carriages may not in many cases be sufficient to answer the charge and expend of providing the same, whereby the said constables may be frequently at great charges, over and above what is received by them of the said officers % to the great burthen of the township of which they are respectively constables, or else the persons furnijbtng such carriages may be grievously oppressed: to prevent which, and that Treasurerc of such overplus charge may be borne by each county or riding, at JepayThecon-the general charge of such county or riding, be it further enact- fable's extra-©d by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer or treasurers of ordinary each respective county or riding shall, without fee or Feward, pay charg unto such constable all and every such reasonable sum or sums of money, lo by him paid, or laid out for such carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the marine officer requiring such carriages, out of the publick stock of such county or riding, according to such rates, orders, rules and directions, as the said justices of the peace, in their quarter sessions assembled, within their respective jurisdictions, shall, from time to time, during the continuance of this act, make, direct and appoint, (which orders shall be made without fee or reward) regard being always had to the season of the year, and the length and condition of the roads through which such carriages are to travel.

XXVIII. And in case the said publick stock of the county or riding be not sufficient (over and above the other purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extroardinary charge of carriages before-mentioned; it is hereby further enacted, That the said justices of the peace in the general quarter sessions shall p0fCS) how to have power, from time to time, to raise monies upon their re- bt raised. spective counties or ridings, in such manner as they now raise monies for building or repairing county gaols and bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary charge of carriages.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No wa waggon, wain, cart or carriage impressed by authority of this &c.To carry act, shall be liable or obliged by virtue of this act to carry a- #bove 20 hun. bove twenty hundred weight; any thing in this a St contained dred weight, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the carriages for the Carriages in service of the marine forces quartered or marching in Scotland, Scotland, bow shall be provided in like manner and at the rates, and the fur. to be provided, niftier of such carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the law in force in Scotland at the time of the union, with regard to the furnishing carriages for land forces.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Marineswivrs, any officer, military or civil, by this act authorized to quarter &c* not to be marines in any houses hereby appointed for that purpose, shall at con

any sent.

[Penalty.]

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6, [1756.

any time, during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or marine in any such houses, against the consent of the owners; the party offending, if an officer of the marines, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, or judge advocate, be ipso facto caftiierea; and if a constable, tythingman or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of such justice by disttfefs and sale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducing reasonable charges in taking the same, p.XXXII. And for the better preservation of the game in or

officejs or ma- near such P^ce, where any officers or soldiers shall at any time fines de&roy- be quartered, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if top the game, from apd after the said twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, any officer or marine shall, without leave of the Jprd of the manor, under his hand and seal first had.and obtained, take, kill or destroy any hare, coney, pheasant/ partridge, pigeon, or any other fort of fowls, poultry or fish, or his Majesty's game, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and upon complaint thereof shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is or are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the same; (that is to say) every officer so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of jfive pounds, to be distributed among the poor of the place where the offence shall be committed; and every officer commanding ip chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any marine under his command, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid: and if upon conviction made by the justices of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the constable or overseers of the poor, such officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two days pay the said respective penalties 5 such officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited his commission, and his commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXIII. And whereas several marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert and be found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's fervid; it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the constable, headborough or tythingman of the town or place where any person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such Se'nbefore! a deserter, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to beap-ju/tiep. prehended, and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near such town or place, who is hereby impowered and required to examine such suspected person; and if by his confession, or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of the peace, it shall appear or be found, that such fu-f Ipecta}

Constable may apprehend desert ers, and carry ( them b ju/liep.

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6.

spected person is a marine duly entered, and ought to be with the company to which he belongs; such justice of the peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found; or to the house of correction, or other publick prison in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such deserter shall be apprehended within the cities of London or West-tninjiery or places adjacent, and transmit an account thereof to the secretary of the admiralty for the time being, to the end such person may be proceeded against according to law; and the Iceeper of such gaol, house of correction or prison shall receive the full subsistence of every such deserter, during the time he shall continue in his custody, for the maintenance of such deserter; but shall not be intitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprisonment of any such deserter; any law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure or apprehend such deserters, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such justice of the peace shall also issue his warrant in writing to the collector or collectors of the land tax money of the parish or town-ship where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the land tax money arisen or to arise in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, into the bands of such person or persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended any such deserter from his Majesty's service the sum of twenty shillings for every such deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty shillings shall be satisfied by such collector or collectors, to whom such warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall harbour, conceal or assist any deserter from his Majesty's marine service, knowing him to be such, the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; or if any person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deserter, upon any, account or pretence whatsoever, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed; every person so offending in each, any or either of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before anyone or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the said respective penalties of five pounds and five pounds shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender; one moiety of the said first-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended; and one moiety of the said last mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer; and the residue of the said respective penalties to be ps^id to the officer to whom

345

Justice to commit them.

and transmit an account to the secretary of the admiralty.

Gaol-keeper to receive the subsistence of deserten.

Reward for taking up deserters.

Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying their arms, clothes, &G.

346 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. [1756.

any such deserter or marine did or doth belong: and in case any such offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters; or having knowingly received any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King; or of having caused the colour of such clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this act; shall not have sufficient goods and chattels, whereon distress may be made to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction; then and in such case, such justice or justices of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his or their hand and seal or hands and feall, either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipt, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

Thit aft t

XXXVI. Provided always, That so much of this act as reextend to de- ^ates to punishment of such who shall harbour, conceal or, &rters, See. in a (Eft deserters, or shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange* or Ireland. otherwise receive any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deserter, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all ends and purposes whatsoever, to Ireland, and shall be put in execution in that kingdom by all justices of the peace and other officers respectively, according to the tenor and during the continuance of this act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Continuance said, That this act, and every thing herein contained, shall be of this act. an<i continue in force from the said twenty fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, until the twenty fifth dav of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundrea and fifty seven.

No volunteer

XXXVIII. And to prevent as far as may be any unjust or liable to pro- fraudulent arrests that may be made upon marines, whereby his Ma-cefi, unless jesty and the publick may be deprived of their service, it is hereby lwfomc cri- further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatso-or a reTl debt* cvcr w s cntcrc^ or shall enter himself as a volunteer in his Ma-of the value jesty's service as a marine, during thecontinuance of this act, shall be of sol. of liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process or which oath to execution whatsoever, other than for same criminal matter, un-e made. for a rcaj or other just cause of action; and unless before the taking out of such process or execution (not being for a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or some other person or persons on his or their behalf, shall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court out of which such process or execution (halT if-sue, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants, in the action, or cause of action on which such process shall issue, or the original debt for which, such execution shall be issued out, amounts to the value of ten pounds at least, over

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. 347

and abort all costs of suit in the same action, or in any other action on which the same shall be grounded; a memorandum a memo* of which oath shall be marked on the back of such process or there* writ; for which memorandum or oath no fee shall be taken: the^roce(sjon and if any person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself, or by any his superior officer, to examine into the same by the oath of the parties, or otherwise, and by otherwisepri-warrant under his or their hands and seals, to discharge such ma- Sfchw-g^ rine so arrested contrary to the intent of this act, without pay- w*h cJlU. ing any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that such marine so arrested was legally entered as a marine in his Majesty's service, and arrested contrary to the intern of this act; and also to award to the party so complaining such costs as such judge or judges shall think reasonable: for the recovery whereof he shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the said execution might have had for his costs, or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of his costs, in case judgment had been given for him with costs against the defendant in the said action.

XXXIX. And to the end that honest creditors, who aim only at the recovery of their just debts due to them from persons entered as marines into his Majesty's service, may not be hindered from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their suits; and instead of an arrest, which may at once hurt the service, and occasion a great expence and delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap method; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any plaint- plaintiff gif. iff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing of the cause of ing notice, action to such person or persons so entered, or left at his or their may a

last place of residence before such entering, to file a common ap-, ap"

pearance in any action to be brought for or upon account or any debt whatsoever, so as to intitle such plaintiff to proceed and proceed therein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution10 judgment, thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so entered as aforesaid j this act, or any thing herein, or any former law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, penalty on That if any high constable, constable, beadle, or other officer constable*, or person whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this act shall &c. neglecting quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting any marine officers or private men, shall neglect or refuse for the space of two hours to quarter or billet such officers or marines, when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such forces; or shall receive, demand, contract or agree for any Penalty on sum or sums of money, or any reward whatsoever, for or on excuse an? account of excusing, or in order to excuse any person or per- person from son? wtotfoevpr from quartering or receiving into his, her or quartering,

their and on vic-

348 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. [1756.

tuallers refu- their house or houses any such officer or marine; or in case any sing to receive victualler, or any other person liable by this a<Sfc to have any mannC5* officer or marine billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such officer or marine so quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforesaid; or shall refute to furnish or allow, according to the directions of this act, the several things herein before respectively directed to be furniftied or allowed to non-commission officers and marines so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid, at the rates herein before-mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or > more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city or liberty within which such offence shall be committed, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer) every such high constable, constable, beadle, or other officer or person so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, or any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty (hil-

H1* s (as the said justice or justices, before whom the matter I be heard, shall in his or their discretion think fit) to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant under the hand and (eal or hands and seals of such justice or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other constable within the county, city or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; and the said sum of five pounds, or the said sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, when levied, to be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offence mall be committed, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of such parish.

Justices may order constables to give

private men, and where quartered.

XLI. And for the better preventing abuses in quartering or billeting the marines, in pursuance of this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law-au account of fu] to and for any one or more justice or justices of the peace cSficers'and^0^ Wlt*n their respective counties, cities or liberties, by warrant or order under his or their hand and seal or hands and seals, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any high constable, constable, beadle, or other officer who shall quarter or billet any marines in pursuance of this act, to give an account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the same, of the number of officers and private men who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the names of the house-keepers or persons upon whom every such officer or private man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the street or place where every such house-keeper dwells, and of the signs (if any) belonging to their houses 5 to the end it may appear to the said justice or justices where such officers and private men are quartered or billet* ed» and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6. 349

prevent or puoilh all abuses in the quartering or billeting of* them.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by Clause for re-the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, when lilting, and as often as any person or persons shall be inlisted as a marine or marines in his Majesty's service, he and they shall, within four days, but not sooner.than twenty four hours after such inlisting respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, riding, city or place, or chief magiftrite of any city or town corporate (not being an officer of marines) and before such justice or chief magistrate he or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their dissent to such inlisting; and upon such declaration, and returning the inlisting money, and also each person so dissenting paying the sum of twenty millings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons so inlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty,; in the preSence of such justice or chief magistrate, but if such person or persons shall refuse or neglect, ' within the space of twenty four hours to return and pay such money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or their assent thereto before the said justice or chief1 magistratej or if (bch person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himself or themselves, then such justice pr chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or persons is or are duly inlisted \ Setting forth the place of the birth, age and calling of him or them respectively (if known) and that the Second and third fedfions of the articles of war for the better government of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore in Great Britain or Ireland, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth section of the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons so to be certified as duly inlisted, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer, from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons until he or they shall take the oath before required; and every officer of marines that shall adfc contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnesses, before a general court-martial to be thereupon calied,

shall for such offence be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service.

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all his Majesty's marine forces, as well officers as private men, shall part of the from time to time, during their being respectively borne as part complement of the complement of any of his Majesty's ships or vefleis, be°fany (*}jp* subject or liable m like manner, in all respects, as any officers, c

or seamen employed in his Majesty's sea service are subject and establift>edby

liable aa Geo. a.c. 33.

350 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 7. [1755.

liable, to be governed and proceeded against and punished for offences committed by them, during the time they shall be borne as part of the complement of such mips or vefleis, according to the purport, tenor, effect and true intent and meaning of an act of parliament made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for amending, explaining and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty's flaps, vessels and forces by flea* this present act, or any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions, to be raised by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the sinking fund, redeemable by parliament and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom against private and unlawful lotteries.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of two millions; one million five hundred thousand pounds, part thereof to be raised by annuities after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, and five hundred thousand pounds, residue thereof, by a lottery, to be attended with annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in such manner and form as is herein after directed;

/ and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual, 000, 000l. to and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, be raised by and by the authority of the same, That for or towards raising a*Tlottery.an ^aic* ^um two m^ions it shall and may be lawful to and for the several persons, natives or foreigners, and bodies politick or corporate, who in pursuance of the resolution of the c?ntfibutr* commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have in pofitttfiiol " b00^8 opened at the bank of England for that purpose, subscrib-per cent?in ed and agreed to contribute to the payment of the said sum of

part thereof, two millions, and who have in pursuance of the said resolution to pay the re- deposited with, or paid to the cashier or cashiers of the governor in^he times anc* company England for the time being, the

limited.im sum °sten pounds per centum, in part of the sums by them subscribed respectively, to advance and pay unto the said cashier or cashiers, who is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions (without any further or other warrant to be fuedfor, had or obtained in that behalf) the remainder of the several sums so subscribed at or before the respective days or times, and in the proportions in this act limited in that behalf.

II. And whereas it is intended that all such contributors to the said sum of two millions, who shall have subscribed for four hundred pounds, shall be intitled to three hundred pounds in

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 7. 351

annuities after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum> transferable at the bank of England, and to one hundred pounds in lottery tickets, to be attended with annuities (transferable also at the bank of England) oker the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and so in proportion for a greater or less sum; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Times of pay. That all such contributors who have to made the said deposit of the

ten pounds per centum, in part of the sums by them severally (hm of subscribed, as a security for their making their future payments, 1, <00, 0001, shall make the same accordingly at or before the respedhvc days J"^ribed to" or times, and in the proportions in this act limited in that behalf; that is to say, in respect of their proportional share of the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, fifteen pounds per centum on or before the thirtieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; twenty pounds per centum on or before the fifteenth day or May then next ensuing; twenty pounds per centum on or before the sixteenth day of July then next ensuing; twenty pounds per centum on or before the sixteenth day of September then next ensuing; and the remaining fifteen pounds per centum on or before the thirtieth day of October then next ensuing; and in respect of their proportional share of pay*

of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds, twenty pounds per centum on or before the twenty second day of April fam of one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; twenty pounds per 500*0001. to-centum on or before the sixteenth day of June then next ensuing; wardl the lou twenty five pounds per centum on or before the fourteenth day oftcrjr*

August then next ensuing; and the remaining twenty five

pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day of October then Annuities to

next following; and that all such contributors for and in re- 31-og*

spect of three fourths of the sums so by them subscribed, shall be {*c£c.n'm"

Entitled to their proportional share of annuities after the rate of

three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum; and for and in respect of the remaining fourth part of the sum so subscribed, to and tickets jl.

as many lottery tickets as the said fourth part of the sum so sub- cent'

feribed shall purchase, after the rate of ten pounds for each

ticket; and that every such contributor or adventurer, for every

sum of ten pounds so advanced for the purchase of a lottery

ticket, shall be intitled to such lot, and to such annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as is herein after directed and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the annuities which shall become due and payable to the Annuities to several contributors, their executors, administrators, successors f^m^iTFeb. and assigns, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per cen-, 75$. turn per annum, in respect of the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, part of the said principal sum of two millions, shall commence and be computed from the eleventh day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and that so much of the said annuities, as after the said rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum shall be due on the be on 5 Jan. fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, 1757. and

shall

352*-.Axmohdceftno actioc fcrmiy. f

afterwards to fbrfhheitfcwi'paid j* and that the annuities which shall from ant! yearly after thartimefbc dine shall be paid half-yearly on the fifth day

y y' ef jub anAthfe fifth day of January, by even and equal portions";

and that the annuities which shall become due and payable to the /ahi contribiitfow, their executors, administrators, fuccHTb^ and assigns, at the rate of three pounds per centum perQwtnm\ \ti Intercfton respect of the said principal sum of five hundred thousand commence P°^nds, residue of the said principal sum of two millrorrs, shall on 5 Jan. commence and be computed from the fifth day of Jam/ary:

1.757. and which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hun-

payable half- dred and fifty Seven, and shall from time to time be paid half-yearly. yearly on the fifth day of July and the fifth diy of January, by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof td: be due and payable for the half-year ended the fifth day of July which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty (even. ...* h mus qas.> d.v.-u Cashier to give r And be it»farther enabled by the authority aforesaid,

receipts for That the said cashier or cashiers, who shall have received, or money paid in, shall receive any part of the Turns so paid by way of depofir, ' or otherwise, in rc(pe& of the said annuities, after the rate of tbfeelu^na e* pounds ten Shillings per centum per annum, shall forthwith give receipts in writing, !signed by himself or themselves, to every such'contributor for all such sums, and that the receipts to be given for any sums^paid in; respect of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, shall be affigmble byintfqrfeittent thereupon made at any time before the1 thirtieth day v&Offtiter one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and fto longer.'; -

Cashier to eive j 'Vi ^Provided always, That fodh cashier oV tfafltiWfe ftflfll fepurity j 6 security to the* goodiiking of arty three or tiortf fioners of the treafory now.being; ! or; the^ hrg^ three or more >of the corhmffliortertfof «che wtafui^f<fe*f&ie&4}e being, for dolyi atrfwqring and paying into* ThdHte Wh! jesty's exchequer for the pobtidt tife, 1*11 the mOdlk shall have already jrecoived by way Of topofif, dr rOtfckrWffiS^ shall hereafter receive,: fr0tn< ti me toqi ff>e, Of-OTt fofUfte of two millions, and for accountingduly for thd performance of the trustS'here^dn thttri reposed, from time to tiirie, so pay all 'fiichtatxvfes as food w

the monies i".rcceiVe the same* or any part thereof, or withiw^five day^'aftfef^ to the exchc- wards at theiartheft, and (h*H account for alfmch^swtjeeetr-quer. ed by him or them; in* the exchequer, accordlfig^so

course thereof, deducing the reout fachfuttrs a»4ball?hdVo % feett paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, in^atortr<fetfre± in after mentioned 5 forwhidifuiro so paid, aUoWftfi&'fhatf be made in his or their accounts.

VI. And be it further enacted by the auAdriiy aftfrdfeid* Treasury to That ft foall and may be lawful to and for the ^rnmlfllOoers oT nles to tite^er- ^ls Majesty's reasurynd wheing, or the highJtrmfai^ Or sUff vices voted byhnee or more of the coiTmufl^nersuf^heereaf«Hyxfo^4^ time the commons; being, front two: t(r time, to tffucfandapplfi all AdK1 fume q(

1X4 -tedfcey

353

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 7.

money 29 shall (6 be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this icflion of parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Contributors That in the office of the accomptant general of the said governor names to be and company of the bank of England for the time being, there cmered in a shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which shall be bo°*fairly entered the names of all such contributors as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for the said respective contribu- the same tQ^tors, their executors, administrators, successors, and alsigns, jn^acd from time to time, at all seasonable times, to have resort to and gratis, i&spedt the said book or books, without any fee or charge; and that the hid accomptant general for the time being, shall, on D Bcateto or before the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hun- bcTransmitted dred and fifty eight, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written to the exche-on paper, of the said book or books, /into the office of the audi- quer. for of the receipt of his Majest/s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Contributors That all such contributors, duly paying the whole sums by yaking gpod them respectively subscribed, at or before the respective days their pay-and times in this act before limited in that behalf, their respect jpents, to have tive executors, administrators, successors and assigns, shall have, the^nnuitieiu receive and enjoy, their proportional share of the respective annuities of three pounds ten millings per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annumy out of the monies by this act herein after appropriated for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure estates and interests therein for ever; subject nevertheless to the provisoes of redemption in this act herein after contained, concerning the same respectively5.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, contributors That all such contributors, their executors, administrators, fuc- making their ceflors and assigns, paying in the whole, or any part of the payments hre-sums by them subscribed respectively, previous to the days ap- v.'ous the pointed for the respective payments herein before directed, as

well in respect to their proportional share of the said sum of one interest for tbs million five hundred thousand pounds, as of the said sum of lame, See. five hundred thousand pounds, shall be infilled to an allowance of so much money, as the interest of the several sums so previously paid, after the rate of three pounds per centum.per annum shall amount to, from the days on whic£ such previous payments shall have been actually made, to the respective times on which such payments are directed to be made; such allowance to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers, out of the monies contributed towards the said sum of two millions, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors and assigns, shall have completed their payments herein before directed to be made; and that as soon as any contributors, their executors, administrators, successors and assigns, shall have completed their payments of the whole purchase money, payable Vo*. XXI. by

Contributor? not making good their payments to Forfeit their depoiits.

Annuities, &c charged on the Unking fund.

354.Aflnq U'7S6'

by them i; espectively for any such annutfie* efterfh* rate^f three pounds ten shillings per ctntym pir ^principal sum or fijjns by them subscribed, apd. m\id for: thp ^mrchhfcvof such annuities, shall forthwith be 'placed to the credit the said

contributors, their executors, administrators^fucCeflgffs anil Mr signs, completing the said payments, andmade ^bf^orribic^ the books of the bank of Enghndy to be kept for tKa$ purpofiv.

X. Provided always, That in case ?Siny such cpiuriB^foi# who have already deposited with, or paid to the said ca/fjfor jof cashiers, any sum or sums of money, at the times and jc} manner before-mentioned, in part of the sums so by feribed, or their respective executors, adminifhafor^J^jg or assigns, do not advance and pay to the said caf* - - foiers, the residue of the sums so by them fubfop) times and in the manner before-mentioned* then and xty such case, so much of the sum so subscribed as shall Bav^ actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cafofoB^ be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; any thing in this contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notyi^kandim.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority\a£a

That the several annuities which by this a&arf minted and made payable, in respect of the sum of one million five hundred thousands pounds, part of the ftttd Asm of twoaniiiiofis^ asifc respect of the sum of five hundred thousand pbuncfo, beingrJtkfe residue of the fakl two millions, until redemption ther^of parliament in manner herein afttr-mcittioned, shall borJi^rS and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the monies wfaoxh foall, from time to time, arise and be remaining in tba^tedefot of his Majesty's exchequer, of or for she fUrpluilfey exc&fesk overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the ftmd»coa*. monly called The Sinking Fund; and the said furphisses, iendfos, overplus monies, and other revenues, are hereby appropriated for that purpose accordingly. r

XII. AikI for establishing a proper method for drawfngufc

said lottery j be -it further enacted by the authority Iafrtrdaid. That such persons as the commissioners of his trig*-

fury, or any three or more of them now being; or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the CommifioneTs ofjfijr treasury for the time being shall appoint, shall. baxnaoiagees and directors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and w ovo^ fee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and paforrfi, such1 dither matters and things as are hereafter in and by thio*dbdi-relted and appointed by such managers and directors to.bedtaqe and performed $ and that such managers and directors wdl meet together, from time to time, at some publick office or pbf£ for the execution of the powers and trulls in them reposed by tills act i and that the said mai>ager$ and directors, ' or so OU»V of them as shall be present at any such meeting, or the ioniy^r

.. part of them, shall cause books to be prepared, in which ovwjr fhreePlumas, divided or dlftinguiftied into three cofomns, '^nd

in each of 'upon the innermost of the said three.columps, th^jQhafl be

' ' Sprinted

Managers and

directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury.

Books to be

1756.]

fKittfeft

Anno* Vitefifhtrhbno Obor'Cii II. c.'.

17 Hiotifeftd tfckfct$^Wirely, imcndeiJto be madd forfB^ — «<-» 5 r__.m3brt8; 7ot\b, twp' tfir£e* and To onwards, "in an arith-tn^Vj^dKpni 'yJhere ^e cainmoh excefsls to bebne, unr pr, n

mm.^mm A.A Ik. T _ J* /*_. -a. _l _ J____

3S5

hich 5o.oooo tickets to be

tiftHW liletd and for the jn'U (fiber of fifty thousand; and upon the!*wdtile columnin every (if the said bodks, shall be printed ^thddflhd tickets, of the feme! breadth and form; and num-Themriin like foftrirrer 5 and in the extream column of ^h© said bbak±there shall be printed a third rank or series of* tickets, of V^evftrtle rimbb^rnrith thbfe of the other two columns; which Tickets fob© i&ktrisHffaall several fy be. of in oblong figure j and in the said°f an °blong»baokr shall be joined with obITque lines, flourishes, or devices, in fuel) manner qs the Cud managers and directors, or the 01a- oblique lines, 16r part if them, Hull think most fafeand convenient; and that &c. every ticket in the third of extream column of the Taid books* T^kets in ifelrhivriyvrhten or printed thereupon (besides the number of [oh^ve thT' ^fiicHticket, and the present year of.ogr tord Chrifly Words to words follow-

f: iv .1 ing printed oft J.TIlr|*.. .- them.

six pounds, part of tie joint sink t

tf yhjHiitirt, tftirtht rate of thru, pounds per centum per annum* ttmifertWe M lb* bank of England, or to tutor chutist.;

Mwgan to -wtanuae the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the ca(hie£.CaiJiier tq give a ticket for every sum of 101. paid m. ^Ca/hier to redeliver the books to the managers., by 6 Nov. and account for'rhe firmi reedvect. Tickets undisposed of to he returned into the exchequerf Ticke^bf thttelddjs ooiapuis to be rolled up, and tied, and cutqtt dcnfwtfo int» a hqx marked (A) Box to be locked and foaled. Bocks

i, b6o 1. upror 5661. 141 or 1001. 0*0 oi 50 w 55)7$ ot aoi. 50 If) Hi ds^tvJV ticjwlt, and 10001, to the laty, .43, 500 Wank tickets, at xbc the outenasoff columns to be rolled up and tied, anq $pt- pqt indentwise, into ajbox marked (B), Publick notice to be grveir oftmies of cutting the tickets into the boxes. The lottery to be- gin drawing 12 Nov. After each day's drawing the boxes to be locked up and; ft»W. NAlbert of the fortunate tickets, and the (urns, to be njintaiL - X^ptes re^ri^ thereto, to be by the managers, "Penalty of forging tickets or certificates, leloTtyr Ca finer may give receipts for monies para in, before he receives the tickets, Adventurer not paying his1 whole coiififlefation'motley, shall lofo the advanced money. Managers, &c. toHje'p^id by the commifOoqers of the treafmy out of the lottery money* Guardians joqay ad vent me infants money in die lottery.

Limitatjpn jof ftfo ©schances,$c. Perform felling (b£res in tickets of ysjiich thjy^are hot polfdied, to forfeit 5001.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by tjic authority ^for^said, OiTenc^com-/

Ire-

- A. r»'venting un-

periaity and pummment, to be infliaed in like manner, as it the jawful lotte-

offerice wtfsOTirimittetf in this kingdom;, and that fycfi peaal-rHs, declared.-

titA as by any the firid1 acts arc dirddled to be recovered in any

of his Majesty's omits of record at Westminster shall, in c^fe ofa

ofl % nceSTcoaiipitted dgafinft any of the said ahi Irtffnd* be re- and may he

covered inaht^rW^Majesty's ddurts gf record at Dublin* m

-..'I- A a a w Alter JJUi)ll4l'

356 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. ocp£ t

After the ^noringrof th* lottery* the? dok«t» wb$ fexcl*4fe£Sl Cor

ficates. Accompunt general to give credit ^jpiwciptt 6tm*tfli5bc certificates. A/Ti^nmerUs mny be made of the said fupav STf^jCefti^a^ to be lied and cancelled, and notes to be given hi lieu uiereor*,

XXX. And for the more easy and sure payment, aSwell of the said annuities after the rate of three pounds ten untum per annum, 1 as of the said annuities after the tftb of thrie£ pounds per untum per annum, be it enacted by the ^utft6rfttr A chief caihi- aforesaid, That, the said governor and bompatiy of thebahkt# er, and ac- England, and their successors/fltaJI, firodi time1 totufie^ttirflF neri? to be kid respective annuities shall be redeemed according to tW§ appointed by act* appoint and imploy one or more fuffidient person^&fbna the bank for within their office in the city of London, t be their fiffcotchtef paying the Cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person'irithbikkf mues* office to be their accomptant general; and that ftf tifueft fettWfr' monies by this act appropriated for this purpose, as shall hefdf^ ficient, from time to time, to answer the said fevetel aftfclfYfef£a&; tive annuities, and other payments herein directed ttf bfc Treasury to out of the said monies, shall, by order of the issue monies treifury, or any three or more of tHctn nfoW'being, ^1 tfti* iSfcto the" high treasurer, or any three or more of the com miffibrttt*ST bf kh& laid cashier. treasury for the time being, without any further or other

rant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf, front tfftrtf to- time, at the respective days of payment in this act IXsfdre ipU- pointed for payment thereof, to be issued and paid at the receipt ctf his Majesty's exchequer to the said first or chief cafttfers, by way of imprest, and upon account, ment of the said several and respective annuities payable byVir^ tue of this act; and that all and every such cashier ^rtd tfathiersL, tp whom the said monies shall, from time to tfme^b^lflbSIVi who is td ac- shall, from time to time, without delay, pay the Snc! or 1 C higly, and render his or their accounts thereof, aocoraAig^ti, due course of the exchequer. v.sr.ii.

Accbtftptant

XXXI. And it is hereby also enacted, That 1 1

general t6 cx-comptant general for the time being shall, frdm twite6* ft&e$° ce?1 ts and fC" aiu* examine all receipts and payments of the fjtf<fdi(HlW'T

payments of or <*(liters, and the vouchers relating the reunto, id orde^W the cashier. prevent any fraud, negligence or delay; and that att Annuities whc> shall be ihtitled to any of the said reveral and lift?

e"?e<J a Per* nuities, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall biT* &c. and thereof as of a personal estate, and that the fatae &atf

tax-free. not be descendable to the heir, and shall be fntefrohrall^kitesy" charges and impositions whatsoever, and shall not behaWelf<*anyM foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otfterWife i schy" law, Statute or custom to the contrary in any wise notWfth^'(landing. l ?; v^r"1*'

The three and

XXXII. And be it further ettiufted by the authority tfbheftftf, v half per cent. That the said sum of one million five hundred thbufendJJbuHfc?

part of the said sum of two millions, on^whkh* th^4aitf 6ihtn-tock* 1*ties, after the rate of three pounds tdn shillings p&t&tufa fifi

annum, shall be.attending, fli^li bo deemed ohfrttrpiWl, .*»f K* stock;

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. xjjt. SS7

stook Ktndjtliat &U person* and eorporations whatsoever, in prb-pbrtioned memonied by them Severally advanced, for the pdr-Atiafe! bfs[rimyti$s .^fter^'tfic rate of three, pppod* ten'

shillings per centum per annum, or to which they shall become in-pitied, byvjrtu^of shall have and be deemed to have,

a >nd share in the said flock and in the annuities the fwe*; at tthe. rate aforesaid j and that the made

said whole capital QX joint stock, or any (bare orinterest there-, transferrable. ip, ^and $£ proportional annuity attending the same, shall be affigpablp and transferrable as thi$., aft dir efts*' and not other*

XXXIIJ^And be it further enacted by the authority afore- The jh per (pjd*, Th&t; all the monies to which any person or persons shall cent, annui-b^qpme infilled by virtue of tfiis ad, in respect of any sum made°a^oi, it V£pced <HLCpnfrtt>uted towards the said fom of five hundred thousand pounds, on which the said annuities a&er the rate o# nuities of like fhree potmds ^r centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be value, incor-a^d^d the' joint stock of annuities transferrable at the bank of P°^ted

which the several sums carrying an interest after15*c,7# l£$ rate of three pounds per centum pet annum, were by an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his presentJVdajesty, coftVertech and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock ^of annuities > fob] eft -ne vertheless to a redemption by parliament, m inch manner, and upon such notice, as is in the said act di-: rented in respect of the several and respective annuities redeem* able by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and pepfops, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money tp which he, (he, of they shall become intitled as aforesaid l>y virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have* a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rgte gfprefeid..(

#XXiy, And be it further enactedhy the authority aforesaid, Transerbooks, That there shall be constantly kept by the accomptant general to be kept by forjhg time being, books wherein all assignments or transfersthe accomP*of# C*ptel or joint stock of annuities alter the rate of threetantgeneral# pounds ten shillings per centum per annumy and also all assignments pr transfers of the said annuities after the rate of three pounds centum per annum, shall at all seasonable times been-,

tpred and registered; which entries shall he conceived in proper Method of wpfds for that purpose, and shall be signed by the pasties roak- transferring it}g soft* alignments or transfers, or it such parties be absenr, bys |beh* respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully au-tnpr'vzcd in writing under their tends and seals, to be atteifted bV^wo or tnore credible witoestes, and that the several person to whom such transfers shall be made, do respectively underwrite their acceptance thereofand that no other method of aiTtgning and traosferring the said several Annuities, or any part thereof, begood, and available in law.

tsways, That nil persons possessed of any Anmi-lt; ef de> ftwe o^ifitcreft inpHhct of the said joint stocks of annuities, or vifobtc by ai^i^ai# ^bewip^may devils Ae.lawe by will ii» will.

writing.

Entry to be made of such clause.

358 ATirft

wiring, attfefttd by two urihore credible witnesses 5; biitthatiigi payment (halt bi made od any such tietife, fill lb much oif the said w»H as relates to the said joint flocks of ahnuitiCs he entered in thefakl office; and in default bf such transfer or devise, such share ori nterest in the said joint stock of annuities fltfdl gotolbe Transfer not executors 'or administrators; and that no flatnp duties wbratfo-! liable to stamp ctb, iftiallbe charged on the said transfers, or any of them toy, uues' other law orflatutetoihe contrary notwithstanding,:, u.a.QUnZi Treasury to

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by thO'ulMht pay all inci- rity afbruMd, That oirtrof the monies ariting from theconfrifcu-dent charge*, tiens towards raising the said sum of two mahons, th&cemttkiP' doners of the treasury, or atly three or more of them o*» b*« ing, or the high treasurer, hr any three of more of the coirw missioners of the treasury for the time being, shall h^Yepower' to discharge all ftieh incident charges as shall nccelTar>iy.attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shah feefla just and rbafonaMe; and also to settle and appoiht fbfh jjlbw-ances as they (bethink just and reasonable for the-service, piios and labour of the said caftiier or cashiers, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said contributions; at)d alU? shall fiayfc power to make out of the said sinking fund, such furtteranofr* aiKCs as they shall think Tuft and reasonable, for the./ervice* pains and labour of the camier or caftiiers of the govCrtior and company of the bank of-England, for receiving, payifig'and'acr-counting for the revetal and Tespective annuities payability v«e tue of this act; and also for the service, pains and iabourpf me-accomptant general of the said governor ai\d company,; fQf perform -to be at the ing the duty and trust incumbent on, him by; thl$a<ft j, all whi'dft diipolal of the allowances hereby impovrered to be made as aforesaid ^io.Mfpest, bank. to the service, pains and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and hfflpebt of theoaid governor and company, and at their disposal orgy; apy

and to make an allowance to the csdbker# and accornp-tent general$

Officers taking any tee in the

canrie ot their Majesty's subjecte, for receiving or paying the said fonkribuJfoii tcit »o1 i r' monies* dr any of thbm, ' or for any tallies or receipts concent*-1'ing the same, or for ifTyfog the monies for paving the Taid feve-

ral annuities, or'any of them \ and that no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any transfer, gredt or fwdU Jetty made in pursuance of this a^, upon pain that the officer or persons offending, by takingw ^demanding any such fee ojr.gra--tuity contrary to this iff, mass forfeit tYi'e fuin of twenty pounds, to the party grieyed,'Jo* ofr recovered' wrfti fori CoPisJof Just any Of his Majesty^cmirft 6f>ebofd at 'Ptyftktnfjry '*n* ,

The annuities aXXVIII. Provided also, 1 and It is*, tetfefey at 31, ios. authority aforesaid, That at arty time of,

Ped'em!bletUi ye?rsJ to b* charted'froga the eleventh day of atW the expi. orte, thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and not lo ^ipost ration of 15 six months notice to be printed in the Londdh XZdzehe, and affix-years, &c. ed upon the 'Royal 'Exchange' in London,tly ^ICit1tC>'x*ity of parliament.

m

TYsfci.Am MccGnmntfno Georgii II. c. 7.

rhent$ 'arldr fipohrepayment by park ament of the tohoie principal futtt Of cine million five huhdretf thousand pounds, for which the afKt> the-nwieof chtec pounds ten shillings ptrcen-tUnoptr otuium are payable, to f«ch respective persons or corpo-mtarwaf shall be intitled to the same annuities, or upon the hhejepeyatetit by parliament of any part of the said turn of on0 tpiUioil frte hundred thou&ndpounds, so at such part of thq fiunfo paid at any ooetrroe, be not less than five hundred thou* fimd1 povmdv and also -upon full payment of all arrearages of thefatne astnakiet> then, and not till then, the said annuiue? (hatt'Oeafr^hd determine, and bh understood to be- redeemed; and that? aay vote or refolatian ofitbe house of commons, fed oho fisher in writing, to be infprted in the Ga-

putt*, ! aodaJRwed <on the Royal Exchauge in London as aforesaid,

shall be deemed and adjudged to befuffeient notice, within the Wordsiprid meaning of this act.

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Bank to con-authority aforesaid, That the Aid governor and company of the '"I1* a.frlKJr bonk'Ot jtaglond, and their successors, notwithstanding the re-^nu^tiei^' demption bf dll or^ainy their own. funds in pursuance of the Aid redeemed, &c. adt&'Mnr elUbli thing, the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation till all the said several annuities shall be redeemed by'parhamentj 'according to the provisoes herein before contained in>«bar'bchd]f}Qnd that the said governor and company, orany member thereof, shall not incur any (inability for or by reafim ofnhcirdoing any-matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XL. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued aaioni* or prosecuted for any thing by him Or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons mall and may plead the general issue, and give the facial matter in evidence for his or their General ilTu* defence; and if upon the trial a veWift shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become toonfuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble oofts to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plain- Treble cqw tiffs.

CAP. VIII.

An act to repeal a clause in an act made in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to oblige ships more effectually to perform their quarentine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain orrjreland, or the isles of Guemfejy Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, whereby the Rationing of ships infefted with the plague, to the northward of Cape Finisterre, is confined to the harbour of New Grimsby, and removeabli to no other place; and for

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 8. [1756.

for appointing a more safe and commodious place instead thereof.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament maie at{

twenty-sixth year of the reign of bit prefehp^ni tuledy An act to bblfge ships more effectually to ^Won^ ffllff rentine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Griot Hrftaih or Ireland or the Hies of Guertfey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man\ it Jffamn^e^r things) enacted, That if the plague shall appear, on^oardf ing to the northward of Cape Finisterre, the mqflerfcoflmtnaer9 or other perfnty having charge thereof \ flaU imrne^twy'*ptS^ eba harbour of New Grimsby, in the islands/SeHlyJ remain till intelligence tlnreof shall be eomsnunkaucbdt(\wsdamt as therein mentioned, to one of his Majsflfs principal fierfafys'ajtstate, and his Majesty's pleasure be known thereinr and i&9giQiop-

pears that the said^ harbour of New Grimfoy is ami

dangerous place for the'reception of flips and vessels tnflfteawtlb the plague, by reason that the same lies between the ijfaffa, and Bryer, both fully, inhabited i and whereas there U a^hebfbflr

hour in the said islands/ScilIy, called Saint Helen's ffepl % jp&ffr is Jhfe and commodious for the reception of ships and vgflpU^\a^4 far9ingfituate between three uninhabited istands, is a, mere pttpsrr$lau

for the Rationing of flips infefted with the plague*> ihanthe.barjbour ^New Grimsby: be it therefore enacted by the excellent majesty, by and with the advice and lords spiritual and temporal and commons, ip th^.prmpt; parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fan^, \

The recited said clause in the above-mentioned act, whereby dause repeal- 'Of ships infebled with the plague, to the northward of* 'nijlerre9 is confined to the harbour of New Grimsby

movable to no other place, shall, from and afrer^tt^pa^u^.^ "this prefertt act, be, and is hereby declared to be*

'sally repealed to all intents and purposes.: ..

VeflTeh infeft-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeU(49^V!t ed, being to from and after the said passing of this presentstblyif/lhp plague ^Cap^F^nU appear on board any ship or vessel, being to the fterre, to pro- Ward of Cape Finisterre, the matter, commander, or other jpegc^ ceed to St. having the charge of such ship or vessel, shall immediacy Helen's Pool, ce$d to the harbour of Saint Helens Ppoly between theominiw-floarentine, n kited J^an^s of Saint Helen*Sy Teany 2nd North

other place as his Majesty, his heirs Or successors, by the advice of his or their privy council, shall direct and appoint, and shal| ther^ remain ip like rr^n^g^d fobiebl to the like orders, provisions, restrictions and jeguLrtic imasubjebl to the like penalties for disobedience, -m ^en^bj brovided and inflibled by the aforesaid abt, with relpe^o^v. infebledwith the plague, proceeding to the hwbaur $ hfap Custom-houseGrimsby \ and that the custom-house officers infei|i-

officer to fendI gence to one of his Majesty's principal secretarie^F iwc*4if 0J. infeed w]tb t^e plague comljpg^ said

1 ^.....*'whour

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

J'osfy or Attih other place te Uiall by'hi* K» the: fecre- Majesty, his heirs or successors, by and with the advice of his»te.

*> fe^ll Ofll .: A C A'P, IXi "

U^JbreJtublishing a fund for payment of the bonds of ftmfiftrtiory b&iUffs qnd commonalty of the company of ff. the great level of the called Bed-

\\tx^fqpd\ ,: and for exchanging the

v said atrpoeation fir other bonds, payable out of the '-s'-'njies'df ': rbe middle and south levels, part of the fold great 's': Itoili add for enabling the said corporation to borrow

&tbi ufc°fthe said great leveL

AS by an act of parliament made in the ffteenth gyCar.ax.17u -', V'V f&f of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An settling the draining of the great level of the fens, call-^Bedfiri Levely taking notice that Francis earl of Bedford, ac-'ti/rliiftgfiti-ii law of fewer:, mdde at King's Lynn in the fix th year "tiffbereigef of King Charles the First, had undertaken the draining heat levels fttuatt within the counties of Northampton, ^n^cffiv'wtfolk, Lincoln, Cambridge and Huntingdon, and 'Hhfr iJU tand bounded as in the said act is particularly men-'fibrted ifyd'dtffribed; and that be the said early was to have for his ^f&iihphktftlnkty fiyi thcufhnd acres of the grounds within the said fh/iff ibiW ^convenient highways and passages to the same; and theft m&H bf Bedford, fin dnd heir of the fata earl FVancif, his adventurers and participant had proceeded in 'the^lMpkllbg rfind finishing of the said works \ but that the Jams could not be preserved without tmjlant carey great charge^ and order-.i y ^gbv&krhetit'i it was therefore amongst other things, exalted. That > h ^' l/lSlHVilliatn earl of Bedford, and the adventurers and parti-

ilpdttts tf\be said earl Frarlcis and earl William or either of them % "'iMr'ictei dndassigns, in such manner as in the said act is contain-^Vd, \JKotld le a body politick and corporate, in deed and name, and have ffiit&ffien'flr ever, by the name of The governor, -bailiffs and ic^rrp\cWahy of the company of conservators of the great level ^OF'tb^ferU*; with power to lay taxes upon the said ninety five they-jJ^fitfacTrs inly (twelve thou fund acres whereof had been defigmd and intended ftif' mi late majesty King Charles the First, and bad banfit forth and allotted by bounds in several ty) for the fuptort, main-'^iihance'ahd preservation of the said great level, and to levy the fan\e ^iottb'fieddhiei for non-payment f and to do all other things, in order to juppoVtJrpmntrnance and preservation of the said great level and.fievth ititxdt, find to fe 'made, in such manner as in the said all is* fyMtwdtif: findivhereas so another all made in the twentieth year of »0 Car. t. fc.i. relpfififi Charfes the Second, Intituled, An act for the

|fi. Anno HiccfifTK>tldrio GEORG ii' lire.

taxing and assessing of the hods* of the advenuirfers; ytithin the great jeVel-of the fen£, it was emsted, That eighty thteethmcfand qtrts>' parcel of the firid nfaety five tbctcfand acres, fhonUfrcm- time to time be taxed and assessodhy gradual act* fa#, of disftrail fart\ and values oflewis-, and that the saidtwelve thousand, atres, refoduo.of the said ninety five thousand acres, /bould be rated at a 'medium of the whole tax, to be from time'to time asstjfod upon'tyfifa thousand acres: and to the that- tie three

thoafemd acres might be more equally taxed by a gradual tax, certain persons in the same aft named, andvahters

of the fetid eighty three thousand acres; and were within the time united by the fetid aft, to digtfa the said eighty three thousand tires into, <x number, of forts and degrees, not- under the number of and degrees, and to rate and tan degrees, and digefi the foot into schedules in writing, and truth returns thereof, upon their oaths, in-bfibe fen, office, in futh manner as by the said all is preforibed: and whereas bp valuations made by the federal persons appointed bp the said act of the twentieth tf King vharles the Second mi dnfy_r+ r -; v tumid into the office of the said corporation in London, dbeiffd eighty three thousand acres were fot out and digejledinto thueudtf* ferent forts and degrees of land, and the fevered furns to he rated and affiffed upon each of the said forty and as theic respective

proportions of the taxes to be paid to the said corporation, werefiy the said valuations settled and limited -, and the said eighty chret thousand acres have always fmesbeen taxed by a graduaUure-tex, oc* fording to the degrees and proportions feet out and, allotted, oud thf said twelve thousand acres al a medium of, such tax j nfaigk tOXMpr on the feud, eighty three thousand acres, together with the.product of a proportionable tax upon the said twelve thousand scres^amoufitmgjo the fmeffivt thousand.anffifty one pounds fovea failings and tpsp fence and whereas by another act made in tht fmutyseventh yedref

-jZtMX.iy.'thrreign of his present Majesty, intituled, Alt ait for tfcfehargjqg sche corporation of the governor, bailiffs andcommooalty, of thf*company ofeonferva tors of the great level of the fens, coixuaJOTk

ly called Bedford Level, fVom a debt dpe to theddko of Bedford and carl of Lincoln-, and for enabling the praprietofsqf in the north level, part of the said great level, ip raise mopty to discharge the proportion of the said north level in the deb$ of the said corporation; a»d for ascertaining and appropriatwig the taxes to be laid on the said north: Jeves; and fof.lhe nwtf effectual draining and preserving. the said north kveF, and div^p lands adjqining thereto, in the ipanprof notice

(amongst other things) that at aceur? of the said, corporation, hdd the tenth day of March one thousand'-fox hundred'andmisery firm, the said corporation declared that the said. great level faotild bedtfr tlnguished by the fevtralnames of the North Level, Middle Level and South Level; and also taking notice that the fidd.corporasofa, in order to'support and prtforv works draiping-thf

said great level, bad been obliged to borrow money, end centract, debts, amounting in the whole, to the sum nine tbtufoud oue hftn-drei and fifty three pounds eleven fillings and

-'cmongjl

Am\o ficdWio riSh<H3EORcn Ho c. 9.

dtrtorttf'itbfrlMhpj mMi, Tbdt the said gwtftmr,

SDMmMdrttfvf the' (omfany of conservators of the find grteJ % vrt$f tb* feus, dhd Heir successors, and all and retry the lands; text's, fifth and revenues, of toe fend corporation, faouldbe absolutely difa charged from the sum if eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen pounds' eleven Jbllfsngs and nine pence, (part of the said debt of forty nine thousand one hundred and fifty-three pounds eleven jbiftingt and nine pettce) due and owing to the most noble John duke of Bedford, and the right honourable Henry earl of Lincoln, who are the owners of the gfeatefi fart of the lands lying within the said north level; and that 'tat font'of one thousand eight hundred bounds, to be raised from thr taxable tends; lying within the said north level, in the manner by the said ail directed, Should, when raised, be applied in discharge of theproforthn of the said north level of and in the refiiue of the said debt of forty.time thousand one hundred fifty three pounds eleven fail-lings and nine pence: and it was by the said tell mentioned act elfo fort kef e netted and declared, That the taxes chargeable by virtue of the said acts of the fifteenth and twentieth years of King Charles the Sbtendi Upon He taxable lands within the said north level, Should he ulwap thereafter, fixed and settled upon so much thereof as shall he fan of the said eighty three thousand acres, at a tax and a quarter, dUaon so much thereof as shall be part of the said twelve thousand acres, in proportion thereto, according to the said act of the twentieth of King Charles ihe Second, and Should not be lejfcnti Of mertafed under any pretence whatever; and that all the money Which Should arise or be produced by the said taxes, within the said north level; and all other the rents and revenues arising and payable to the said corporation by, from or out of the said north level, or any part thereof, Should from thenceforth be applied and difpefed of by the said governors bailiffs and commonalty, and their fituejfers, in and about the faveral banks and works of the said noith level, in the fqii£fi8 pa+ticiflarly mentioned, and to and for no other ptirpose robot* jb'tvir f and that the said north level, and all and fingtfiar the lipids, fosemtnfs, rents, taxes and revenues thereof, Should be freed,

'exonerated and iifebarged, of dnd from the residue of the find debt dpiforty nine thousand one hundred and fifty three poubds eleven /bite foigs'findnine pence, and all interest payable for and in respect there* ef.\ and that the said north level, or the tends, tenements, rents, jvitennef and taxes thereof, or of any part thereof, Should not be fob-jcctbr Gable to the payment of any debt, or fkm or sums of money, which [Should at any time thereafter be contracted, taken up or borrowed by the said corporation, for or on account of the said middle or Jbtuh levels or either of them; and also that the said middle and south levels or either of them, or the tends, tenements, rents, revenues and tdxes of them or either of them, famild not be subject or liable to the paynienl of any debt, or sum or sums of money whatfcover, which Should At any time thereafter be contracted, taken up or borrowed by the said corporation, on account of the said north level: and wherfas the fold sum of one thousand eight hundred pounds, has been raised and applied in pursuance of the said act of the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty's reign; and the said corporation hove also since ihe

A fingta tip

to be laid upon the muidie and South j4 Level*, due-t in g'the continuance of any debt thereon.

vicclmionpoo Georgii II. c.$.

[175&

making of iU said last mentionedpaid off tkt Jam of <m* thaw-fund pou?idS'9Jnfurther part of the said debt. effort? mnzthoufaxd one hundred and fifty three pounds eleven shillings and: nine ponce, ever and besides the said sum of one thousand eight hundred epoubds, raised and applied as aforesaid\ whereby the debt afifbe fiAiotrpora-tiers is rednfed to the sum of twenty seven thousand four 'hundred and forty pourids: and whereas the fold debt of twenty fevtos thousand four hundred and forty pounds is fecund by bonds, \wtder the seal of the fad corporation^ who have thereby bound and obliged themselves to pay the several sums mentioned in the faiirefpe&fvc bonds; and inasmuch as the said sum of twenty feyett. tkoufdtuLfour hundred and forty pounds js, by the Jcud act of the iwdatyifeOenth year of his present Majesty, become a charge upon the said+ rmdUrand south levels only, it is become necessary to exchange the bonds \ for securing the said debt, and to mention /ji the new bonds, to be given far that purpose, that the money so to be secured, is due front tbi find

Stddle and south levels only: and whereas doubts have arif^anangfi e creditors af the said corporation^ concerning the fftwtiiies itbey now have for their respective debts, by reason that the fud corporation have it in their power, under the before mentioned acts of tie fifteenth and 'twentieth of King Charles the Second, either to tax /tub parts of the said ninety five thousand acres as lie within the said middle and south levels, with very J, mall taxes, or not to tax the same at all, whereby the fund for the payment of the debts due to 'the faii creditors, may become deficient: and whereas the said Corporation may have ouafion to borrow further sums of money, for the support and preservation of the said great level5 and it will be necessarp to dif-(inguish in all future bonds to be entered into by the said Corporators, whether the money borrowed upon such bonds, be for or on ncccuxtt of the said middle and south levels, or for fir on account if tly.find north level: \6 the end therefore that a sufficient fund may be: at all times hereafter raised and secured for payment of, tfaCiJbb'&ds of the said corporation; and that the bonds given by, the said corporation for the said sum of twenty seven U^pland foiir hundred, and forty pounds, may be exchanged as aforefwdr.and that the said corporation may be enabled to borrow suchfurther -sums, as shall be necessary for the support and preservatiop of the said great level; and that.distinct bonds may be given for the)money which shall be so borrowed upon account of the said middle and south levels, and upon account of the said north level; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, byjusd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That during such time as any debtor fuip of money shall be due and owing from or upon account of the said middle and south levels, all such parts of the said eighr ty three thousand acres, as lie within the said levelsjOr^itWof them, shall yearly and every year be, tand the hereby

rated, taxed, charged and assessed, by and with.a fotgle gradual acre-tax; and such parts of the said twelve thousand. pefes.as lie; wit^ip. the said middle or south wUh. a medium of

1756.] Anno Icdfttt©i6ito<3eorgii f>£

fudr fiugfe gwidual acre-tax*' according to the Aid' act'Of'HWT x twentieth^ fOitt£ Charles Hie* Secohd, and devaluations ifritde' purfaanKorhereof. 5

ilv Provided^lways, That it shall be lawful for the goVfcr^porporation noiv jbauK^ and conservtftdrs, of the said corporation, '1 timfeeo time* tome, tax* charge or aflese, all such parts of the taxfif neces-said eighty thiw thousand acres, and twelve thousand acres, as fary. lie vrithhi ihe fald middle or south levels, With any farther tar»Whiith they the said governor, bailiffs and conservators shall judge necessary, in the same taafhner as they might have done before the making of this act.

III. And be it farther enabled, That in lieu of the bonds heretofore given by the said corporation, for feenring the pay- ifofjjfdij* ment of ihesaid debt of twenty seven thousand four hundred bonds for the* and forty pounds, to the said governor, bailiffs and conserva- presentdebt. tbrs, or any'five or more of them, whereof the said governed or of them, to be two, shall give other bonds,

under the common seal of the said corporation, for the respect-ivefumedue to the person or persons possessed of such bonds, mentioning in the bonds so to be given, that the money secured thereby, is due and owing upon account of the said middle and fbOth levels*and all and Angular the rents, taxes and revenues* ofaheiaidmiddle and south levels, shall be, and they are here-by declared to be, a security for, and shall be charged and chargeable With the payment of the sums mentioned in such*bonds, and all interest due, and to become due thereupon,

IW And to the end, that the said corporation may be at all corporation times cMbled to raise such sums of money as shall be necessary impowered to for the support and preservation!of the said great level* and for borrow for dbfrayin^ the Other necessary expences attending the same; be if ufc of farther enabled* That it shall be lawful for the said governor, jj| °ncJ e*T bafliffsiand^ebnfemtors, or any seven or more of them, where- deeding 5000L ofi tfae ^Arfd^vemof or bailiffs, or any of them* to be two, with the Consent -of the duke of Bedford, his heirs or assigns, lobd or lords, lady or ladies, of the manor of Thorney9 znd of the earl of Lfttish, his heirs or assigns, owner or owners of High from time so time to borrow upon bonds* under the common seal of the said corporation, such sum or.fuins of money* as they the said governor, bailiffs and conservators, or ahy seven or more of them* as aforesaid, shall judge'necessary, for the Use of the said north level, not exceeding in thdwfrote thfcf fain of five thousand {founds; declaring in such bandy that the money secured thereby, is due and owing upon accouW'Ofr the faM north level; dna also any Aim or sums ofa«d any summoney, which they the said governor, bailiffs and conservators* thepuddm or any febert or more of them, as aforesaid, shall judge necessary, ^'levels^ as for the'life^ of the said middle and south levels, or either of the whdle debt theni*so ashy* the borrowing of such sum or sums. the debt of do not exceed thddaid corporationupon account of the1 said middle and south 1* le vets pbe nit-fitarly time made tOexcfeed in the whole, the feitft -

of thiifyohoihoufiihd pourids ^declaring fa thebonld$>to be given

Anrto Vtccfiino noAcr 8«aK0ti II. Ctpl [1756.

far (ischium or fihnxi thatfeemd*iey secured thereby Is due and owing apcm twcountof the'<ju#tHiddleaftd fattb Icrfls: and the respective rents, taxes and revenues of the Card qorth ferd, ': 'and of At feid taiddfe- aMl fduth levels, shall bd; ahifthey-ara hereby made a security for replay ment of the fotiaifortibexftivxly to be harrowed, «hh le^orw&iMeiTft^'thedmye, ar shall be agreed upon between flhe^id eiy^mtiqai^attdtbfe ^erfcrt or Moneybor periods tendingfiichmortey; -batnotriddeytd'bfe'bbtrtMfceddp* rowed for the on account of the hid north -lard'shall be charged of4 cfthrgyaWc north level, upon any of the rents, taxes or revenues of the CaidWtMJeand »* __ south levels, or either of them; nor (haflany morteyto -be rtJ^Siddte borrowed' on sotburit of she'fiftd middle and iboth'we^e and iouth charged or chargeable upon any; of the rents, 'tastes oh refeoati levels $a*d of this laid north Jewel, or arty part thereof. > '[l

V. Provided always. and be it enacted, Thftt all hortdstt be numbered- ^ere:^er ghrte by the Aid corporation shall be rwmbcredv'be-and'none to gionidg with number Onei and so proceeding marithnutfcai pro-be for more gression; and chat ho bood'shall be given for any greater ojrteft than tool. siam thaa one hundred pounds.

Tobetranf-

VI. And be it further enacted, That aH bonds to be ghm ferraWe with- by the find corporation shall be t ran sferr able or assign able Byia-out (lamps, doriemeat upon the original bond, without Jbtnps, tbtnyrper-Affigmnenta foo orperions'whomsoever; and such transfer or assignment to be entered being1 produced to the register of the fold corporation, and by bytheregister.Um emettodina book to "be keptforthat ptupose; (Wfa^h'entty the said eegHtek* is hereby repaired to mate upon rtdueft, the jferfim-producing such transfer »r alignment -pbyfrtgwise ftiiri of, .,: two fttihings and six pence-far every such entry) ftiaH intStldthe

person or persons to Whom 'such tranrfer or bmgotnetft fbaft be made, his, heroraheir execmors. admHwftmorsor affigitsi'ro themmey feouredby Yireh bond, andalI iwcteftdtfebr tbgitrtv .1 ... thwebponrend stich afignee orafligoees mxyln Hke manner, by rodotfanent without rftawp, assign and transfer /bfchHbohd or bonds fb-assigned as aforesaid; 'and so toties fmtier, as oevafion find require; every inch affigomem being entered iti such "book as aibnesaid.' 1 1

Money raised

VII. And be it farther enacted, That all ami singular ttre

by the corpo- tents, taxes and-fume of money to be received, ndfed or levied ration upon by the Yaidcorporation, from, 'Upbnr'orupda accoantoffoch the taxable part of the said ninety ftve'Chousend acres as lie within/the hud re(brtHvethe nortk levd, find I'be charged and chargeable, in the'first plade, levels how to with the payment of fu«v fixm >of money, as fhxllitany tin* be applied, hereafter be borrowed by the (said corporation upon account r of the said north level, and the interest of filth fuotfeany thing

' in the said act of the twenty seventh yCrr of his present Majt-fly's reign to the contrary thereof in any wise nottwithstanding: and that allandish^uJarthi rents, taxes and fiimsof money id be received, raised or levied by she "said corporation, frotn, upon or upon account of ftxrh past of the said ninety five thousand acres as lie within the said middle and south levels, oreithef of them, shall he charged and chargeable, to the first place, with

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. cvgu' $6f

the payment of the aforesaid debt of twenty seven thousand four hundred and forty pounds-, and of such other sums of money as shall be borrowed upon account of theiaid middle and iouth levels, and of the intercftof such debt, and sums of money; and the receiver of the said corporation is hereby impowered and required, out of the first money which shall from time to time come to his hands, arising from the rents, taxes and revehues-of the said north level* to pay the int^rest of such bonds as shall be entered into upoti account of the said borth level, andalfq the principal money due upon such bonds, upon Bonds to be six months notice left for that purpose at the office of, the said^jtioath*011 corporation in Londtoi) by the person or persons possessed of such notice, bonds; and the said receiver is also hereby impowered and required, out of the first money which shall from time to time come to his haftds, arising from the tents, taxes and revenues of the said middle and south levels, to pay the interest of such bonds as shall be entered into upon account of the said middle a rid' iouth levels, and also the principal money due upon such bonds, upon like notice left at the office of the said corporation*

VIII. Provided always, and it ishereby enabled and declared* If not paid, re-

That in case any of the bonds to be given by the said corpora- venues of the tien, upon account of the said north level, or upon account of corporation to the iaid middle and south levels, shall not be paid by the said of

receiver, pursuant to such notice left or given as aforesaid, then the bonds, the rents, taxes and revenues of the said north level, arrd of the said middle and south levels, shall respectively vest in the person or persons possessed of such bonds, until the same, together with all interest due thereupon, shall be fully satisfied and paid: and such person or persons, their executors, administrators or assigns, shall have the same power, rights and privileges, of recovering the said rents, taxes and revenues of the said north level, and of the said middle and south levels respectively, as the said corporation would have had, in case such bonds had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a distinct account shall, Dittinft ao from time to time, be kept of the rents, taxes, revenues and counts to be sums of money, arising and payable to the said corporation with-^t]

in the said north level, and of all monies which shall be-applied th^r" spective and disposed of for the use or upon account of the said north level*, leved, or any part thereof; and that a like account shall from time to time be kept of the rents, taxes, revenues and sums of money, arising and payable to the said corporation within the said middle and south levels, and of all monies which shall be applied and disposed of for the use or upon account of theiaid middle and south levels, or either of them.

[Publick act.]

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That this act shall be deemed and allowed, in oil courts within this kingdom, to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice or ug such, by all judges, justi^2 and other persons, without specially pleading the famcv; 1:

4 1cak

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. id; [1756.

CAP. X.

An act for the better ascertaining, recovering and coUeBing certain duties payable upon the importation and exportation ttf merchandizes into or out of the harbour of the town and county of Poole y and also of bdltaft and bcomage duties, payable in fefpell of ships and vessels coming into and going out of the said harbour; and for the enlarging, repairing and keeping in repair the said

harbour, /£* quays and wharfs; for providing a

proper place for keeping gunpowder in or near the said town; and for establishing and regulating a nightly watch 5 and enlightening the streets in the said town>

WHEREAS the mayor, bailiffs, burgesses and commonalty of the town and county of the town of Poole have, time out if mind, received and been ihtitled to receive certain duties called petty customs or wharfage, upon the importation and exportation of all goods and merchandizes into and out of the harbour of Poole aforejati, from the owner, importer dr exporter of such goods and merchandizes, and also certain other duties called boomage and ballajl duty, from the wafers or commanders of ships and vessels; which said fevered duties have been confantly under the management of the mayor, bailiffs and burgesses of the said town and county of the town of Poole, as trustees and managers; and the said duties have been applied for the repairing the said harbour, quays and wharfs, and other works n*-, cessary for the more convenient use of the same, within the said town and county: and whereas several persons have refused to pay the said duties, induced thereto by the great difficulties in supporting, by JlriH legal evidence, prescriptive claims and rights to dutiesxon each partis cular speties of goods, and the exalt and precise sums payable for the same: and although the said mayor, bailiffs, burgesses and commonalty have brought several actions, in order to establish such their ancient rights; yet, by means of the expenses in carrying on such fusts, and the many continued evaftons and refusals of payment, the money raised by such duties is not fifficierlt to repair the said harbour, quays and wharfs, which are now in a ruinous condition, and will be mtirety defrayed, if not timely prevented: for remedy whereof, be it coasted, &c. t

There shall be paid to the mayor, See. the rater and duties mentioned in the schedule, and no others. Mayor, See. to appoint and remove officer!, allow salaries to, and take securities from such officers. Quay matter, &c. to keep accounts. Rates and duties to be levied by distrefsl Masten, &c. of ships not delivering in an account of their loadings, to forfeit ioL Goods that have paid the duty on importation, not chargeable on expor* tation. Quay-matters may appoint the moorings, See. of ships. Matters,

See. of ships not observing his directions, to forfeit 40 s. The money to be applied to the cleaning and enlarging the harbour, wharfs. Sec. redone chargeable to the repairs of wharfs, to continue fe. Mayor, See. may par* chafe lands for enlarging the wharft. Where persons are incapable, or refuse to treat for laie of lands, the damage and recompense to be assefied by a jury. Lands purchased, to be dftmfd ppttick quays or wharfs.

irf$6.J "°Anffo rtorio M. rt.' fb»

Mayor, &c. may borrow money on the credit of the tolls. Alignment! may be transferred. Goods landed shall be removed from the quays, &c. in J days, on penalty of lad. per ton j and the same penalty for every 4.Z houcs afterward. Persons emptying ballad, See. into the harbour* liable to such penalties as persons convicted for publick nufances'.' Mayor 2n<1 t'l^vn) <-o: 11 Ml: i: 1 .»ners to be chosen yearly by the inhabitants. On death or removal of of, others to be chosen. In case the inhabitants neglect to appoint of, the mayor and bailiffs are to put the act anion; and or» their refusal, a majority of the inhabitants. Commissioners to appoint ..watch men, who shall execute orders of the com-

Sissioners', under penalty ofios. Commissioners to appoint number and ft of lamps'; and regulate the watchmen; and the manner of keeping and lighting the lamps. Orders relating to the watch to be delivered to the water bailiff and assistant constables, who shall keep watch and ward by turns, endeavour to prevent mischiefs by fire, apprehend disorderly persons, and take notice if the watchmen do their duties. Mayor and one justice may remove watchmen. Watchmen to apprehend disorderly personr. Commissioners to appoint assessors, who are to assess owners and occupiers of houses, See. which shall be allowed by two justices, and collected quarterly or half-yearly. Assessments may be levied by distress and sale. Security to be taken of collectors; and salaries to be allowed to them. Differences to be determined by the mayor and justices If perform liable to pay any fate shall remove, it may be levied, or recovered by action. No settle men t shall be gained by payment of the rates. If persons neglect to account, and pay the money remaining in their hands, it may be levied by distress; and, lor want of distress the person to be committed. If any money shall be loft; an additional assessment shall be made. Property of lamps vested in the mayor, &c. The assessments to be applied for watching and lighting the town, and building a magazine for gunpowder. 5]. Penalty on persons breaking lamps. Persons may lodge gunpowder in the magazine paying six pence a hundred weight. No more than 10 lb. of gunpowder to be kept in any house, &c. or aboard a ship. Justices may issue warrants to learch for gunpowder, and seize and fell the same. Exception for gunpowder belonging to his Majesty. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Inhabitants of Poole allowed to be evidences.

*The Schedule referred to, viz. For harbour duties, quayage or wharf-age, boomage and ballaji duties, chargeable on goods, and to be payable by the mafier of every ship coming into, loading or unloading any in Poole harbour.

filliped 6r tmshipped within the limits bf tsh#

t Crowded tkotvit tfuH be lawful to import or export goods* into or from my; rart of the channel leading to Wareham, to the westward of the fouthj-weff buoy off the bulwarks of Hamkey, and near the entrance of the little tmniYetleading' to the town of Poole, free'fhsm the said duty 5 neither shall any duty be paid for bringing goods in boats without decks from Wareham, or any part of the channel to the west of the southwest buoy* or anyjart of the me of Potbeek within North Haven.Point, to Poole, Of from Pookto AVareliam, &c..t,

BOOMAGE.

Fbr boomage the following duties shall be paid, except for such vessel as are employed in fhhing and dredging, viz.

Every decked veil'd of the burthen of n tons, or UrtdCf* 6d. Of4 tons, or above 10 tons, 1 s. Of 30 tons, or above to tons, at. Of46 tuny* or above \o tons, 3 s. Of $0 tons, or above 40 tons, 41. Of 60 tofts, or above 50 tons, 5 s. Of 100 tons, or above 60 tons, 6 s. Of a burthen bove 100 tons, 7 s. '

BALLAST.

For ballast the following duties, viz. For every ton of 'hajloft* shippei r unshipped, 6'd.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. ii. 756.

It shall be lawful to ship or unship ballad in any part of the channel leading to Wareham, to the weftwaru of the southwest buoy, or any part of the isle of Porbeck, within North Haven Point, duty free i any ship throwing out ballad at any quay within the mouth of the tittle channel within'Poole Stakes, leading to the said town of Poole, in order to careen, diati only pay 6d. per ton; and no duty shall be paid for reshipping the same* Tobacco pipeclay shall be free.

CAP. XI.

An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serv* in his Majestfs ships of war, and onboard merchant ftnps and other trading ships and vessels.

FOR the better supply of mariners and seamen to fenrfc in his Majesty's ships or war, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships and vessels; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Merchant parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

nafigTted by "om anc* a^ter Pa^ng of act> until twenty fifth day foreign sea- of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and no men, longer (except in respect to such merchant ships and other trading ships or vessels which shall be on their voyage before the said twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty (even, who shall be and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as herein after is provided) it shall and may be lawful for any merchant ship or other trading ship or Vessel to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain^ or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's na-so at they ex- tural or naturalized subjects j so as the number of such foreign coed not three seamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners fourths of the at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship or other onTfomth bV tra^n8 flup or vessel $ and that one fourth at least of the man-natives, kc. ners or fcatnen so employed be at all times natives, or his Maje-notwithstand- Ay's naturalized subjects of Great Britain, (sudden death, and ing ix Car. x. hazard and casualties of war and the seas, laved and excepted) c*one act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and ertcreafwg flipping and navigation, or any other Statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding.

The King's

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall proclamation extend to take away or restrain the effect of any such royal pro;

c^amat*on as Majesty, his heirs and successors, are impower-^ram e-^tQ majec j^y virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth year of ish. a. c. 3. his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better supply of*-riners and seamen to serve in his Majestyr flips of war, and on board merchant flips and other trading ships and privateers.

1756 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12*' 371

CAP. XII.

An act for granting to his Majesty duty upon licences for re* tailing beer, ale, and other extifeable liquors; and for establishing a method for granting such licences in Scotland; and for allowing such licences to be granted at a petty session in England, in a certain case therein mentioned

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an act made in the ninth year of the reign9 Ann, c, tJj of Queen Anne, intituled An act for licensing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs, and for charging certain new duties on statnpt vellum, parchment and paper, and on cards jand dice, and on the exportation of rock salt for Ireland; and for securing thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the post office, and by several duties on hides and ficins, a yearly fund of one hundred and eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy

{rounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the satisfe&ion oif uch orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any sums not exceeding two millions, to be raised for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's occasions, it was amongst other, things enacted, Thrt there Should be raised, levied, collected and paid unto, and for the lifex of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for the several and respective things in the said act mentioned, winch Should be ingrossed, printed or written, the several and respective rates, duties, charges and films of money, in the said act expressed; and that for every piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet or piece of paper, upon which (within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the thirty first day of August m tht year one thousand seven hundred and eleven) Should be ingrossed or written any licence for felling of ale, beer, or other exciseableliquors, by retail, the sum or duty of one shilling Should be raised, levied, colie fled and paid, unto and for the use of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, in such yianner as in the said act is expressed \ which duty was, amongst^ Gc0t c. other rates and duties, by an act of the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, made perpetual, and made part of the fund, commonly called The general fund: and whereas by a clavft of an afi made in the sixth year of the reign of his said late tnaje/ly King George the First, intituled An act for preventing^ Geo t> ct 4f# frauds and abuG?$ in the publick revenues of excise, customs,

stamp duties, post office, and house money, it is, amongst other things* enacted, 'That dll mayors, town clerks, and other persons whom it may concern, who Jbatl take any recognizances from persons for whom licences are intended for felling ale, and other exciseable liquors,

shall be obliged to tnake, or cause to be made out, ale licences, duly stampt, before such recognizances be taken, under the penalty of ten pounds for every such offence: and whereas by an act made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for 16 Geo. a, c.t*.repealing certain duties on spirituous liquors or strong waters, and on licences for retailing the same; and for laying other duties on spirituous liquors, and on licences to retail the said liquors;

372 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. [1756.

all persons are forbid, finder tie penalties by the said act in-fiided* to retail certain spirituous liquors therein enumerated* without first taking out a yearly licence for that purpose* in manner in the said act directed for which licence the sum of twenty shillings yearly is thereby directed to be paid i and it is atfo thereby enacted, That no such licence shall be granted for selling by retail any spiriluour liquors or strong waters whatsoever* except to fitch persons only who shall keep taverns* victualling-houses* inns* ebffee-houses or ale-houses: and it is thereby provided and declared* That nothing in the said act shall extend* or be construed to enable any person or persons to Jell any spirituous liquors or firong waters by retail, unless such person or persons be first licenced to sell ale or spirituous liquors by two or more of his Majesty's jufiiasof the peace for the county* riding, division* city or liberty*wherein such person or persons shall fell the said liquors, under the hands and seals of the said justices: and whereas by an act4 Geo. i. c. 40. ma^e m twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign* intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty Upon spirituous liquors, and upon licences for retailing the same and for repealing the act of the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting a duty to his Majesty to be paid by difiillers* upon licences to be taken out by them for retailing spirituous liquors; and for the more effectual restraining the retailing of distilled spirituous liquors; and for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of British made spirits*and that the parish of Saint Mary le Bon, in the county of Middlesex* shall be under the inspection of the head office of excise; an additional duty of twenty shillings per annum is directed to be paid for every licence taken out for retailing spirituous liquors* to be paid down in like manner* and at the same time* and to be levied by the same means* and under the like penalties* as the duty upon licences to be granted by virtue of the said act made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty is directed to be raised* levied* collided*Gto.». c. 7. and' paid: and whereas by an act made in this session of parliament* the interefi of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, part of the sum of two millions advanced on the credit of the said act* after the rate If three pounds ten shillings per annum, and the interefi of five hundred thousand pounds* ryfidue of the said sum of two millions, after the rate of three pounds per annum, are charged upon the fund commonly called The sinking fund: we your Majesty's most duri-': ful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament atfeuibied, towards making good the said interest of the said sum of two millions charged on the said fund, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty a duty of twenty shillings for every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written or printed, any licence from justices of the peace for felling ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail in Great Britain* over and above all other duties chargeable thereupon; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice ant) consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. 373

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after thd feast of Easter one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, there shall be, throughout the king- Additional domof Great Britain* raised, levied, colte&ed and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors for the purpose aforesaid, a firenceriorVe-duty of twenty shillings for evay piece of vellum or parchment, tailing beer, or meet or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written and other ex. or printed, any such licence for felling ale or beer, or other ex- cilcable li-cifeable liquors by retail, over and above all other duties charge- <*uor, # able thereupon.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That for the better and more effectual levying, collecting and under the paying the said duty of twenty shillings, the same shall be under management the government, care and management of the commissionersfionerifor"1"* for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamji*; who stampt vellum, parchment and paper; who, or the major part are to appoint of them, are hereby required and impowered, to employ the officerM necessary officers under them for that purpose, and to cause such a new ttarap* new (lamp to be provided, to denote the said duty of twenty shillings, as shall be requisite in thatbehalf; and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said duty hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution, any former law concerning stampt vellum, parchment or paper.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Paper, kc. for That all vellum, parchment and paper, upon which any such licences to be licence shall from and after the feast of Easter one thousand seven brought to the hundred and fifty six, be ingroslid, written or printed, be stampofficC| brought to the head office for stamping or marking vellum, parchment and paper; and the said of by themselves, or by their officers imployed under them, shall forthwith upon demand to them made, by any person or persons, from time to time, (lamp or mark any quantities or parcels of an(j duties to vellum, parchment or paper, to be used for the purpose of in- be paid upoo grossing, writing or printing such licence, he or they paying to.stamping, the receiver general of the stamp duties for the time being, or to his deputy or clerk, the duty payable for the same by this act, without any fee or reward; which (lamp or mark to be put thereupon in pursuance of this act, shall be a sufficient discharge for the duty hereby payable for the said vellum, parchment or paper, which shall be so stampt dr marked.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commiflwn-That the said of, and all other officers who shall be era and other employed in or about the collecting or managing of the said officers to o* duty hereby granted, shall in the execution of their offices and trust, observe and perform such rules, methods and orders, as tnc ry# they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the of of the treasury, or the treasurer of the exchequer for the time being; and that no fee or reward shall be de- the duties, (oaoded or taken by any such of and officers relating Officer n

1 Sb3 to

374 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. [1756.

glcdling hi* to the said duty, from any of his Majesty's subjects, for any duty, to the natter or thing to be done in pursuance of this act; and in nothe?, C an*" ca^e any officer intruded in the execution of this act, in relation fwerabie for to the said duty, shall refuse or neglect to perform any matter or the same, with thing by this act required to be done or performed by him, treble costs. whereby any of his Majesty's subjects shall or may sustain any damage whatsoever, such officer lo offending, shall be liable by any act ion to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the party grieved all such damage, with treble costs of suit.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That the duty hereby granted, shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the duties of stampt vellum, parchment and paper, who shall keep a separate and di-ftinft account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary charges of rafsing, paying and accounting for the same excepted) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purpose in the said act expressed, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on stampt vellum, parchment and paper, are directed to be

Duties to be paid to the receiver general of the Stamps,

by b into the exchequer*

p>mmissioners to taice care that sufficient

uantities of

anpt

a

&c. be buted,

>er,

ri-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of for the time being, shall take care that the several parts of the kingdom of Great Britain* shall, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parchment and paper, damped and marked as by this act is directed, to the end that the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may haye it in their election to buy the same of the officers and persons to be employed by the said commissioners, at the usual and most common rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment or paper to be stampt gr marked as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the price of such stampt vellum, parchment and paper, shall be yearly set, and such price stampt, and such allowance

" a't 11 ma<*e uP^n present payment of the said duty, for any quantity lowancemade t^lc vellum, parchment or paper, so by the said com-for prompt roifsioners to be sold, in such manner as by auy former law relating to stampt vellum, parchment or paper is directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said stamp hereby directed to be provided and used, shall and may be altered or renewed in such manger as any o-t-her starap on vellum, parchment or paper, are tiy any former law relating to stampt vellum, parchment or paper, directed to Allowance to be altered or renewed; and that all persons who shall have in b« made there-their pustody or possession, any vellum, parchment or paper, ^n^oro1^ marked with the stamp or mark which shall be £0 altered or rc-*npt pqperf new^ or on w^ich a new stamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like remedy and allowance, as by any former law relating to stampt vellum, parchment or paper, is in like cases directed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, &^1CftrV That the said of, and their officers, shall be sub-

Price of stampt paper, &c, to be yearly let

payment.

Stamp may be altered, or renewed.

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. 3^5

iect to such penalties and forfeitures for any breach of the trust ormiftppiica-hereby in them reposed, or for diverting or mifipplying of the bon of months, money received in pursuance of this act, as by any former law relating to stampt vellum, parchment or pnper, are inflicted.

X. And whereas ale, heer % and other exciseable liquors, which cannot be sold by retail in that part of Great Britain called England,

Without licence from justices of the peace, may be sold by retail without any licence in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: and whereas it is expedient that retailers of such liquors in both parts of

this kingdom, Should be subject to the like powers and authorities \ be Persons keep, it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and ing alehouses after the twenty fifth day of October one thousand seven hundred ta

and fifty six, in every royal borough, and from and after the* iccn c*first day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, ' in every Shire and stewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, no person shall keep any ale-house, tippling-house, or victualling-house, or sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, but such persons only who shall be annually thereto admitted, allowed and licensed according to the directions contained in this aGu

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, justices in That the justices of the peace in each Shire and stewartry in that Scotland to part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall have full power and au- meet annually thority, and they are hereby impowered and required, annually so assemble and meet together, in their respective shires and Itewartries, on the first day of November, or on the next lawful

day thereafter, at the hour and place when and where the general quarter sessions for such Shire or stewartry have usually been held, the first assembly or meeting to be held on the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and at such annual meeting to admit, allow and license, for year then next ensuing, such and so many persons as the major bouftt* part of the justices then assembled, shall think meet and convenient, to keep ale-houses, tippling-houses, victualling-houses, or to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, within such respective Shire or stewartry, or in the event hereafter-

Sentioned, within any royal borough or boroughs, situated in ch Shire or stewartry; and the said justices shall deliver or cause to be delivered, to each person so by them admitted, allowed and licensed, a licence ingossed, written or printed, upon a piece of vellum, parchment or paper stampt, as by this ?<ft is directed, wkh a stamp denoting the payment of the duty of twenty shillings, and signed by the praefes of the said meet-}ng, and by the clerk of the peace of the said Shire or stewartry 5bleoneacto*" for each of which licences, there shall be paid and payable the licence, to th§ sum of one shilling to the clerk of the peace, for his trouble and clerk of the fee, qterand above the said sum of twenty shillings, fortheP*acc*

(lamp duty imposed by this act, and no further or greater sum jfhail be demanded or paid for each licence, upon any account or pretence whatsoever.

&Uf J^act for the more ready and convenient granting of licences

Magistrates of royal boroughs

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. [1756.

o meet year- cences to persons redding in the royal boroughs, in that part of ^urnofe16 Great Britain called Scotland, and the royalties thereof; be it

purpose. further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the magistrates

of each royal borough shall yearly and every year, on the twenty fifth day of October, or the next lawful day thereafter, the first meeting to be on the twenty fifth day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, assemble and meet together, at the time and place when and where thiy usually have met, for transacting the business of such royal borough; and the said magistrates, or any two of them at least, shall at such annual meeting, admit, allow and license, for the year then next en-f suing, such and so many persons as the said magistrates, or two < of them at the least, shall think meet and convenient, to keep

ale-houses, tippling-houses, viihaalling-houses, or to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, within every such royal borough, and the royalty thereof; and the said magistrates, or two of them at the least, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each person so by them admitted, allowed and licensed, a licence ingrossed, written or printed, upon a piece of vellum, parchment or paper, stampt as by this act is directed, with a*(lamp denoting the payment of the duty of twenty shillings, and signed by two of the said magistrates, and by the clerk of such royal borough; for each of which licences the like fee of one shilling, over and above the said sum of twenty shillings, and no more, shall be paid as is hereby directed to be paid For licences granted in shires and stewartries.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any royal borough, there shall not be a sufficient number of magistrates capable to grant licences pursuant to the qualifications and directions of this act, at any of the times when licences for

xna^iftrat^ to ale-houses, tippling-houses, or victualling-houses in the royal.boroughs, are hereby appointed to be granted, then and in such ju&ices°may*case i* and may be lawful to and for the justices of the grant licences; peace of the said Shire or stewartry, in which such royal borough or boroughs shall be situated, to grant licences for such royal borough or boroughs, at the same time, and in the same manner, as they are hereby impowered to do for the Shire or stewartry; and all licences so granted for royal boroughs by justices of the peace of the Shire or stewartry^ tifidil continue in force until the next annual day for granting licence according to thisaeft, and no longer.

XIV. And whereas persons may presume to keep ale-houses, tip-plitfg-houses, or victualling-houses, or to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, without such licence as is hereby required; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who after the twenty fifth day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty in r°yal boroughs, and after the first day of N % emher

KuKc.one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, in shires and stewartries, shall keep an ale-house, tippling-hbufe or victualling-house, or shall sell ale, beer, or other exciTe&ble liquors by retail, without being licensed thereunto according to the directioqs

1 - of

Where there fiaall not be a sufficient number of

to be in force for one year only.

Persons in Scotland con-

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. u. 377

of this act, and shall be thereof convicted within one month

after such offence committed, on his or her confession, or the

oath of one credible witness, by any two justices of the peace of the Shire or stewartry, or by any two magistrates in any royal f

borough where such offender shall reside or be licensed, every [he '

such offender shall forfeit and pay for the first offence, the sum fence, 5s.

of five shillings, for the second offence the sum of ten shillings, for the second

and for the third offence the sum of twenty shillings, and shall, J08*.\

after the said third offence, be incapable of keeping an ale- cthir\>

house, tippling house, or victualling-house, or of felling ale, and to be

beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, by virtue of any licence disqualified 5

granted before such conviction, or of having any licence for such purpose thereafter; and if any such offender shall continue to

commit any of the aforesaid offences, thdri'such offender shall,"d hr'tvtry,

for every offence subsequent to his third conviction, forfeit and

pay the sum of forty shillings; all which respective penalties4

and forfeitures shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the

goods and chattels of every such bffender^jendering to him or* and

her the Overplus, after the charges of the said distress and sale

are deducted) by watfaftt, signed by the justiexs or magistrates

respectively who doebrtvift such offender; which said penalties

shall be paid and applied, one half thereof to the informer, and '

the other half to the poor of the parish inhere such offence shall one moiety to

be committed; and such conviction signed by the said two justices J^her'to

or magistrates respectively, shall be good and FufEcientin law to the poor of the

all intents andpuiytofes; and the said justices or magistrates re- parish.

spectively, shall, immediately after the said conviction is signed Conviction to

as aforesaid, intimate, or cause to be intimated, the said conviction to the person convicted, and shall return or certify the and

same, and the proceedings therein, to the clerk of the peace of ed to tfaederk

the Shire or stewartry in which such justices or magistrates do of the peace,;

aft, or in which the ropl borough shall be situated, to be by the ftid clerk preserved amongst the records of the said Shire or an" rccor<kd.

stewartry.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Personaa^. thority aforesaid, That if any person aggrieved by such con- grieved mar*viction shall be minded to appeal from such conviction, it shall appeal, to the and may be lawful to and for such person, within two day^ quarter-fel-6fter such conviction shall have been intimated to him or her, ilOMm

to appeal to the next ensuing quarter-sessions, or adjournment; thereof, which shall be held; for the Shire or stewartry where such offence shall have been committed, or wherein such royal borough is situated; and the justices of the peace assembled at such quarter-sessions or adjournment, are hereby authorized and impowered to hear and determine the said appeals, and to give and cause to be executed such judgment or sentence, as in their opinion the justices or magistrates from whom the case is appealed, ought to have given.

XVI. Provided always, That the person appealing shaft with Notice, and ell convenient speed, and before the-tnefting of the said quar- reasonsofap-

or adjournment thereof, leave hi? or her reasons of

378

clerk of the peace. See.

Conviction to be exhibited at the feflious

and copy to be delivered, on paviacd.

so s. Penalty on appeals deemed frito-

Judgment of indices to be Saab

Brewer*, See. in Scotland, inhibited to grant Jipences

Of aft in the execution of {his ad,

on penalty of 501.

one moiety to foe prosecutor

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 2.- [1 756.

appeal in writing with the clerk of the peace of the said Shire or stewartry, and sufp attend, and with effect prosecute, such his or her appeal at the f^id, quarter-sessions or adjournment thereof; and the clerk of the peace shall, at the quarter-sessions or adjournment thereof, produce all such convictions and reafans of appeal as shall have been returned or certified ta him, or left with him since the last quarter-sessions or adjournment thereof, and shall, upon reasonable notice, deliver to any perfion requiring the same, a fair copy of such convictionor reasons of appeal 5 for each copy whereof, the sum or fee of six pence, and no more, shall be demanded and paid.

XVII. And in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious appeals, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace at the said quarter sessions 01 adjournment thereof, if they shall judge any appeal from any conviction to be frivolous and calculated for delay, to award, order aru) diced the party appealing, to pay any sum not exceeding twenty shillings, over and above the penalties herein before-meqtioned, to be ijevied and applied in such manners and to such use or ufb, as the said dices shall direct and appoint; and the judgment and defermi-nation of the said justices at the quarter-sessions} pr adjournment thereof, shall in all the cases aforesaid, be finaj and copclusive to all intents and purposes.

XVIII. And whereas it is expedient that perfys impowered ta grant licences by virtue of this shall net be f % uaye4>h i*tsr$ji the execution of the powers ve/Ud in them; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no justice of the peace or ma-

S(Irate in any Shire, stewwtry, or royaf horough, in that part of reat Britain called Scotland who is a brewer, malfter, di(UUerf or retailer of afe, beer, or other exciseable liquors, or is conT cerned in partnership, or otherwise, with any brewer, malfter, distiller, or retailer of ale, beer, or other exciseable liquorjs, at any of the time or times when any of the powers in this, ad are to be executed, shall act in any of the meetings for granting of any licence or licences, orfoaltconvid or join inanycMviction* or in the determination of any* appeal d hefted by this act; and every justice of the peace or magijstrate y/ho shall offend in any of the premisses, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by any per fat)'who wist sue for the same within six months after such offence commits ted, by action, bill, plaint or information, in his Majest/s court of exchequer iq that part Great Britain called Scotland* in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; which said penalty of fifty pounds, shall be paid, one moiety thereof to the person who foes for the same, and the other moiety to the colledoF of the cess for the Shire or stewartry within which such justice or magistrate has ofr fended, to be applied for the reparation of the highways or bridges in fufh ftiir? or stewartry, in the pefc?

".i -7; few

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. 379

persons who by law have the ordering and directing such repara- the other to tiens, shall think proper.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the r 8# authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge any licence for keeping any ale-house, tippling-house, victualling-nouse, or place for i*

the sale of ale, beer, and other exciseable liquors by retail, situ- Scotland, ated upon or near the King's military road or roads, made or to be made in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, at the publick charge, and not being within any royal borough, nor within the burghs of Dumblain, Muihill, Cries, Dunkeld, or within one mile of any of the said royal boroughs or burghs, with any duty hereby directed to be paid, levied or received; but all such licences shall and may be granted and delivered by the justices of the peace of the respective shires and stewartries, where to be issued oa such road and roads shall and may lie, upon the payment of one payment of shilling for each licence to the clerk of the peace of such Shire or stewartry, for his trouble only; any thing herein contained to I^ac^ the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall from and after the feast ot Easter one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, write, ingross or print, or w 1. Penalty cause to be written, ingrossed or printed, any such licence to be on making ope granted by justices of the peace as aforesaidd, for felling of beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, before the vellum, parchment or paper whereupon such licence shall be ingrossed, written or printed, shall appear to have been duly stampt, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum °.n of ten pounds, with full costs of suit*to be recovered in such j^ntl^Vo manner as penalties by any former laws relating to stampt Vel- the intention him, parchment or paper, are directed to be recovered: and that of this act, if any liich licence shall be so Ingrossed, written or printed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then and in e- an(| thcfim0 very such case, there shall be answered and paid to his Majesty, to be moated his heirs and successors, over and above the duty hereby due unJcA theduty and payable for every such licence, the sum of five pounds, to 3*d be applied and paid in such manner, and to such uses, as the P^ said duty hereby granted is applicable and payable; and that no such licence shall be available in law, or be given in evidence, or admitted in any court, unless as well the said duty hereby charged, as the said sum of five pounds, shall be first paid to the pfe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the purposes of1Ump 1

this act, and a receipt produced for the same under the hand of the receiver general for the time being, of the stamp duties, or of his deputy or clerk, and until the vellum, parchment or paper, on which such licence is so ingrossed, written or printed*

shall be marked or stampt according to the tenor and true meaning of this act; and that the said receiver general, or his deputy or clerk, shall upon payment or tender of the said duty payable by virtue of this act, and of the said sum of five pounds, give a receipt for such jmoney $ and that thereupon the other

380 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12. 1*756*

proper officers shall mark and (lamp such licence, with the proper mark and (lamp requisite in that behalf.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Aamp!1ftocT That any person shall counterfeit or forge any (lamp or mark Felony, with- to resemble the (lamp or mark directed to be provided by this ut clergy, act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty, or shall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment or paper, with such counterfeit mark or (lamp thereupon, knowing such mark or (lamp to be counterfeit, or shall cause or procure any vellum, parchment or paper to be stampt or marked with such counterfeit mark or (lamp, or shall privately or fraudulently use any (lamp to be provided or used in purmance of this act, with an*intent thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited any (lamp or mark, to resemble any (lamp or mark hereby directed ro be used, every person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy. 1 No licences to

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be issued but That neither his Majesty's commissioners of excise in England topersons pro-or Scotland respectively, nor any of the collectors or supervisors Jggtf"of cxc*k> orany ot^erofficers by the said of respect9 Ann. cT3. tivety appointed to deliver licences to the retailers of any spiri- tuous liquors or strong waters, shall grant of deliver any such licence to any person who shall not produce a licence granted to him or her in due form of law by justices of the peace; to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, and stamped as by the said act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen 'Anne and by 1 this act is directed. V; r f

on death or

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the au-vemoval of thority aforesaid, That if any person so licensed to sell ale, beer, persons occu? or other exciseable liquors, shall die or remove from the ale-£ou(es ^bcir ^ou^e or other P*ace wherein (bch ale, beer, or other liquors, assigni! Uc. shall, by virtue of such licence, be sold, it shall and may be law-may continue ful for the'executors, administrators and assigns, of such person thC faSf fors <Yng or amoving, who shall be possessed of such house or the yean of P^acc? or occupier thereof, to sell ale, beer, or other liquors therein, during the residue of the term for which such licence shall have bepn granted to the person so dying or removing, without any certificate from any justice of the peace, or any new licence to be had or obtained in that behalf; any thing in the said act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any other law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

New licences

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That In case any may be grant j ale- house or victualling-house, in that part of Great Britain called to house* ed England, shall become empty or unoccupied after the general unoccupied jay appointed for licensing (the occupier whereof was duly li-ana Jiceniea y$ar preceding) it shall be lawful for any two of his

1756} Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 13/ 381

Majesty's justices of the peace, at a petty sessions to grant a Ii- the preceding cence to any new tenant or occupier, to open such house as an year, ale-house or victualling-house, and to sell ale there, till the next general licensing day, so as the said licence be stamped as here-m directed; such new tenant or occupier obtaining such certifi- tificateasprd cate, as is directed and prescribed in and by an act of parliament, feribed byF made in the twenty sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, »6 Geo. ». c. 3l. An act for regulating the manner of licensing ale-housej, in that part of Great Britain called England 5 and for the more easy convicting persons felling ale and other liquors without licence.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority a- not to foresaid, That nothing in this act, or in any former law relating*extend to li-to dampt vellum, parchment or paper, contained, shall extend, cences grantor be condrued to extend, to charge with any duty, such vellum,d coau£ parchment or paper, on which any licence to be granted by thtf££"cr#0 cx- laid commissionets of excise respectively, or by their officers, to retail diddled liquors or strong waters, shall be ingrossed, written or printed."

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall retail ale, beer, or other liquors, in any prison, or house of correction, or workhouse to be appointed for the reception of, poor persons, shall be deemed a keeper of out licences., a common ale-house or tippling-house, and shall be subject to the penalties infltfted by law on the keepers of common ale-houses and tippling-houses, unless he or she shall obtain from the justices of the peace, according to due course of law, a li)-, cence to retail such beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, This duty to That towards making good to the sinking fund, the intcred of be carried intef two millions charged thereon by an act of this session of par- the sinking liament, the said duty hereby granted shall be carried tp an<lfund*

made part of the said fund.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons sued That if apy action shall at any time be brought against any per- on this act, son for any matter or thing, which he or she shall dp, or cause raay P, e?d tbr to be done, by virtue or in execution of this act, in every such Seneral"uc» case the defendant or defendants in every such action, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evi-. dence, on any trial or trials to be hereafter had in such action; and that if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such action shall discontinue such action, or become nonsuit, or if judgment shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action, the.defendant or defendants in every such action shall recover his, ^w7co]?£ 4 her, or their treble costs of fuil.

CAP. XIII.

An off far granting to his Majesty an additional duty on cards and dice.

Moss gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for licensing and regulating

9 Ana. c.>$.

3$ 1 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 13. [1756.

hackney coaches and chairs, and for charging certain new duties on starmpt vellum, parchment and paper, and on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock salt for Ireland; and for securing thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the post office, and by several duties on hides and skins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy pounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the satisfaction of such orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any sum not exceeding two millions, to be raised for tarrying on the war, and other her Majesty's occasions; it was enacted, That from and after the eleventh day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, during the term of thirty two sears from thence next en-faing, there Should be raised, collected) levied and paid, unto and for the use of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for all playing cards and dice, which during the said term Should be made fit for file or use in Great Britain, or imported, the duties following; that ts to say, For every pack of such cards, the sum of six pence; and fir every pair of such dicey the sum of five Shillings, to be paid by the makers or importers thereof respectively; and it was thereby ear acted, That such duties upon such cards and dice importeiy Should be levied and brought into the exchequer, in such manner and form, and under fitch penalties and forfeitures, as any her Majestfs cujhms or duties on subsidy goods inwards, were by any law then in forte to be levied and brought into her Majestfs exchequer j and it was therefy enabled. That all makers of playing cards or dice made in Great Britain, before they Should respectively begin to make any such cards or dice, Should give or send to the commissioners for managing the duties on stampt vellum, parchment and paper (who are by the said act appointed to manage the said duties on cards and dice) or to their officers, such notice as by the said all is directed, and Should permit the proper officers for the said duties, to enter arty house or place for making cards or dice, and take an account thereof, and Should not remove or fiffier to be removed the same, from such house or place, until the mark and seal devifti to denote the charging the said duties, Should be put on the said cards and dice respectively; and that the makers of such cards and dice Should make an entry, and clear the duties owing from them respectively, without fraud or concealment, in such manner, and at Jvch times, as by the said act is directed, upon such pain, and under such penalties and forfeitures ^as are thereby infilled for any such offence, to be recovered in manner as by the said act is directed: and whereas fir the better securing the to Ann duties on playing cards and dice, it was by an act made in the tenth9* year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for laying several duties upon allfope and paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same $ and upon chequered and striped linens imported; and upon certain silks, callicoes, linens and ftuffr, printed, painted or stained; and upon several kinds of stampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets and advertisements; for raising the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery towards her Majesty* supply; and foe lipenfing an additibnal

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 13- 3*$

number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain stocks of cards and dice; and for better fecnring her Majesty's duties to arise in the office for the stamp duties, by liteftces for marriages, and otherwise j and for relief of penons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have led exchequer bills or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon dock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the use of the publick, father enabled, Thit during the continuance of the said duties, M flaying cards or dice Should be sold or exfofed to file, or ufedtn playing in any publick gaming house, unless the paper and thread inclosing, or which Jbouli have inch fed the same, Should have been respect'rvely fialed and fiampt or marked, according to the said former act in that behalf and unless one card in each pack or parcel of cards fold, Should be Jo marked or stampt on the Jpotted side thereof with such mark or /lamp as the said commissioners Should dir eft and appoint, under

such penalties and forfeit tfres as by the said act are inflisted, to be recovered iti such manner as in the said act is directed: and whereas provision was made by the last mentioned act for preventing the forgery of the fialy Jlatnf or mark, provided to denote the paymmt on the said duty\ and for obliging the makers of cards and dice to give due seethe of their intention to make the same, and for prohibiting the removal of the materials being to be -wrought, for or towards the making of cards or dice, until the same shall have been completely made into cards or dice, or the duties for the cards dr dice therewith intended to be made, shall be paid or secured, and for extending to every part of Great Britain, the act made in the third and fostrtb years of King Edward the Fourth, prohibiting the import a- 3&4 Ed.4»c.$i Uon of playing cards or dice into England or Wales, and for declaring what pieces of ivory, bone, or other matter made or used for any game or play, with any Utter, figure, or other mark thereupon, to denote any xketnee or chances, shall be deemed to be dice, and for bnpowering any officer appointed by the said of, to enter into any bait ft Or place where cards and dice shall be made, fold or exposed to safe, or suspected to be privately made, or into any publick gaming-house, room or place, and there to search for cards and dice not duly sealed, marked or stampt, and for encouraging the exportation of cords and dice into foreign parts: and whereas by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George Geo. i. c.s* the Fhfi, a time is limited for profeevtions upon bonds given for the 5 exportation of cards and dice, and provision is thereby made for vacating such bonds in certain cases therein expressed: and whereas by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King 6 Geo. uc.i George the Flrfl, intituled An act for preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues of excise, customs, stamp duties, pod office, afed house-money, a penalty is inflicted on all persons who shall fraudulenth cuty tear, or get off, \ any mark or fiampy in respect whereof or whereby any duties are payable, or are denoted to he paid or payable on playing cordsy dr shall fine, /quire, or new spot, any dice which have been fold or played with, or shall fraudulently tnclofe any parcel or pock of playing cards, in any outside paper, duly fcoled, and fiampt, the same having been once made use

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

rthe ipurposesdforfdid, '<*r'fb&

irds,the same noibeingat>the 'time of futh^ftmtgwfkpij/btjf' k\ jaGmlip fiampo, otr tht fipoiteb or painiidyMk W* ortbread fealeiand stamptytihf tbvfawMrtimteitf

limited, and for an allovoemet fo/r pfanpt ^fk^httyvhevfdS&Su

t}es j- and powiris tl*, r "* -L, t

4m/ by. fitch warrant.

tjes j and powir is thereby also giVM upminformiktdrih^ ne, andiHfiubmnnera$iy*htfi

flW*3

re&ed, 4o any officer employed by the find tommissioner^Ad>^i^ T my-jr 407 putt #/tfwy Afctf/r tfrphuatbbShiU

f % t open the Aon, J

dice arcfufpeftedto be madeor mtking, andtofeil&i dHfiUfPid^St^oSc dice, and the tools or materials by width they art MdoW^&tto&P* Geo i 44i whereas by an act made in the third year of the4lg*4f<P>t#im*'

# 7# majesty ging George /A/ /Sr/?, the said duties on cards' UUddttef^We^f11

among other rates and duties made perpetual, and ma}fc}pQrbOf J/ftT1 fund commonly called The general rend: <wrrf Wheteasihh ^bereft if, /Ar /iim of fifteen hundredihoufitnd pounds, partbf the'fifto 'if Jt&j millions advanced on the credit of an act modi in thk 'ftjyUk

(lament, at the rate of three pounds ten shillings per fcedftttn^jftr" annum, and alsothe interest of five hundred thousand pwdfa, 'fb$ikfr' the residue of the said sum of two millions, at fbtfcM wfHbmem-pounds yer centum per annum, is by the fmd 'etff chargeable upon the fund commonly called The OnkWfg^fiMd your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjccb, the

Great in parliament assembled, tov^f(^7mkBrtK^i04; 1

the trid wintered of the said fijnri of two mtllionK, so^aH the said sinking fund, have resolved to give andgPMttfft&yN!P< Majesty the Xevera! additional rates, duties aftdiffipdfitftHfet'bM*' cards and <fcce> herein after*mentioned; and do most beseech your Majesty that irmay be enabled, artd b#4F4A4&M<7 by the King's most excellent majesty, by and llr^h^ed^oir and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal anddomihtMyb in this prefem parliament assembled, andby4he aotfferitjfatf^ Additional the same, That from and after the patting of jthisf edlp* ttUV \ duties granted Hiall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for on c^rds an^ Majesty, his heirs and successors, for all pleyfctg OxfeQs add 1J 1: dice which shall be made lit for fele or use in Great Bfi§aiH, ^ff additional duties following, -over and abdve ati duties cKWBi^ ble thereupon (tharis to say) - <* -

Ta \. jwt

6d. on each For every pack of Rich cards* the sum of six pence, bvirefaft pack of card*, above the duty of six pence payable for the same.: ^T*7

and 5s. on And for every pair of such dice, the sum 6f ^e 4hSMng§^ each fiair of gygj.^above the duty of five rtiillings payable thertCpWftr^ I

sz.xi x.J> - 1

5uch respective duties to be paid by the makers OfAfcfc fthK OH#

dice respectively.

to he under

II. And be it further enacted by the authority afeWftWj^HWT' the for better securing and enforcing the payment ef th^f^dutke

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. ij. 38$

the same shall be under the management of the commissioners of for the stamp duties for the time being, who, or the major part Jor.rta, nP of them* by themselves, or their officers (which they are here- uliet* by impowered to employ for that purpote) shall cause a seal, stamp or mark to be used to denote the additional duties hereby Stamp to be granted, in such manner as stamps or marks by the said act made ul*d in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Attne> are directed be used to denote the duties thereby imposed.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That the duties hereby Duties pay*- granted shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general forble toreceiv-the time being of the duties on stampt vellum, parchment and er general, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account thereof, pjj ^tcTtho and pay the same (the necessary charges of failing, collecting, pay-exchequer, ing and accounting for the same excepted) into the receipt of the exchequer for the purposes in this act expressed, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on stampt vellum, parch* ment and paper, are directed to be paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and other penal-^emended ties and forfeitures, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, to t^e Jutland all other matters and things prescribed or appointed in thetional duties, said acts made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of Queen

Aunt* and in the said acts made in the third, fifth and sixth years of his late majesty King George the First, or in any other ad or act of parliament relating to the like duties, and not hereby altered, shall be of full force and eflfed with relation to the additional duties hereby charged on cards and dice, and shall be applied and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional duties hereby charged, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties and forfeitures, and every of them, had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the additional duties hereby charged on cards and dice, and as if the duties hereby charged had been charged by the said act made in the ninth year ol Queen Anne, or by any other act or acts of parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Counterfeit* That if any person shall counterfeit or forge any seal, stamp or mark* to referable the seal, stamp or mark directed to be [?r9 i€9u" used by this act for the purposes of denoting the duties on cards9 and dice hereby granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the ferae upon any cards or di<!e, or any thread or paper inclosing any pack or parcel of cards, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties upon cards or dice > or shall utter, vend or fettaoy cards or vending or dice with such counterfeit seal, stamp or mark, knowing the cards or dice same to be counterfeit, or shall privately and fraudulently usellhrcounJff* any seal, stamp or mark hereby directed to be used, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any the King, felony duties upon cards and dice, or shall cause or procure to be forg- without Vqjl. XXI. Cc «dri«W-

Asia X^75^-

«dw counterfeited any seal, stampTflf: mark,pnfapUl a*w

seal, stampor mark hereby dire^ed^il^.ur^uW^WiPWV or procure any card or dice, or a«y thpe^d »ndrpapftr!le<W* any pack or parcel of cards, to

with any such counterfeit feat, damp PtaforH*, «r, Afl}ltaR Wt* manner counterfeit or forge, or fWH&of prowo to.ne WHOWr-feited or forged any seal, (lamp P<b marks to refambfe {lamp or mark by the said act made in the.tenfo yeatpfrtfhe jr^igo of Queen Anne directed to be impressed on the fipatfed'Pr {Hinted side of one card in each pack orparcelpf playing cards, shall vend, utter or expose to faJc any cards with fuel) qmfuptcr-felt seal, (lamp or mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately and fraudulentlyjufe any seal, stamp or mafoufed for sealing, {lamping or marking the spotted or painted...fidpnf any such card, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, fejshelps and successors, of any of the duties on cards anddip^J "ewy person so offending, and being thereof lawfullycopfttdjed, be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of f-psony, without benefit of clergy.-., j -

VI. And whereasgreat frauds are «r may be onaiirt

cf cards and dice, under pretence that the same are intended Jer exportation, in which case the same by the said fetch

tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, exempted payable for the same: and whereas the provifan by for preventing fuh frauds, bat by experience been famed ttttyft&mii be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ThattaIIfpjM-iqg cards made in Great Britain, which shall bft fotsnt^iMr exportation, shall, before they are packed wp be inctofed in paper and thread, in packs or parcelsxi)9r(b$h fipnm rtiall TOanner«the said commissioners for managing; tfo, dutfes on Xeft. and tQ stampt vellum, parchment and paper shall direct 1 WPPish be stampL in order to distinguistt them from other card$ ilabfeffoctlW: duties thereon imposed; and that for the said pWROferAP? every pack of playing, cards so made or intended forvfxp$gta$fe»|, or so many cards in every such pack as the said cpmmb£#nsp shall direct and appoint, shall also be marked pc fUmp^xyt^ie spotted or painted side thereof, with such mark, and on re^Hne and manner as the said commissioners shall direct $ acdifaoy ., r, ^g the same f°n or persons shall, from at>d after, the passing of tbisflftiywd, in Great Bri- utter or expose to felc, to be used in- Great Britain, PH (haffpie sese- or permit to be used in any publick gaming-hpuse, #ny-J>feyfog cards so marked, staropt and distinguished as cards fprcapprp-tien, every-person so offending shall for every paftt of vended, uttered or exposed to sale, or used or permitted[.to-be used as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty, pptiads, to be recovered and distributed in such manner, as pcnshfe& by any former law relating to cards and dice are directed. ns.be recovered and distributed. n.-.'.t>...rlt

Bondeivenfor VII> And* lt further enacted by the and»PfHy, afer?sese> exportation That no bond wluch shall be entered into, pwfpar*, rP ihefoid of catd« and aft mad; in the tenth year of the reigjt.nf;, Qpfl«kA/mn for.*-1

jortini

Cards for eK*portation to be hi doled and tied as the commis-

aol.

17$6f) Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. ft?«s 8 y

aHd/diWJ1 fttalFf!&; Seated or deftvered up, unless dice, not to be ttrttf ^h§rflpr*9offbe madetfjfttfudh cards or dice ftavtbeeneni. vacated rill teiWa^fl^id fof Srtprirtarioh as cardfr artd dice, and not«SSateoftSr and btfktfs ind until a certificate of such err- beingdufyen-try* aind1 (Moping, ' figged byWife proper officer or officers of the rered and cStob^j '&e produced $" which certificate the said officer or of- foipp«h ficers ^'hWt'b^difrWted^drtdfetjUired tb give without fee or reward 5 ah^ thing in the said& made in the fifth year of the reign of hifc late majesty King the First to the contrary thereof

in an^Wifenotwithstanding/

Vftt< Ak& Whtreas a fraudulent praftke hath prevailed of felling akeTbtifbig1 Covers artd labels, which have before been made use of for 'd&ibting she dUif payable kptn tdrds: for preventing such frauds, iol. penalty be rt enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person on buying tfiaft, from and after the passing of this act, fell or buy any such cover of label, in order to be made use of for the inclosing any ulc°f# packer pared of cards, every person so offending shall foreve-^ry lttch'Oflfehce forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered in manner aforesaid, and to be distributed, one moiety to the oft Of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other itidleky thereof to any person who shall inform and sue for the same. '

r iX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- Bayer or fell-fcMtesaid, That if either the buyer or feller of any such cover or ec informing,

label tball 'inform against the other party concerned in buying or so be admit-felhng such cover or label, the party so informing shall be ad as evl".fAitfced t'^gWe evidence against the party informed against, and dclnnified. fl^irhe indemnified against the penalties so by him or her in-^eUh'Cd, 'i

aJ /XV' Aifd-be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, ?0j p6naf^' c^Thatlf Wy hvaker of playing cards, or any other person shall, on felling*-fitom'fend after the passing of this act, sell or dispose of any waftecards*rcards, commonly called Waste Cards, unless he. or (lie shall, be- unmarked. fate such sale, mark the back or plain side of every painted or pfoftured Card in such manner, as to render the same unfit to " bb ofed ill play; every person so offending shall for every such offence1 forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and distributed in manner aforesaid.

'Xl; And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons (bed That if any action or actions (halt at any time or times here- on account of, afterbe brought against any person or persons whatsoever, for aa, may ^rtymatter or thing which he, she or they shall do, of cause to jVC*cral issue,

' W done, by virtue or in execution of this act, that in such case

- thtf dlefdridant or defendants, in every such adhon or actions,

'MfhaW^hd may plead the general issue, and give this act and the specJal matter in evidence, on any trial or trials to be hereafter Jh6d M tliCh adllon or actions; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall disconrinue such action or actions, or become fionfuit; dr if!judgmdhf shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs in I

; Adh'action}oT ttftions. that then the defendant or defendants irt J - '1 v'

Ib&Mlostirz&toM shall recover his or their treblo costs.lit* fi r* - and recover

1 Cc*'cf treble coitK

m

Duties to be carried into th*firtkittg fund.

Georgii II. c. i^.

; of apjr Uw> custom or ufyge whatsoever to £Ke any wise notwithstanding* 11 1:

All. And be it further enacted by the itrfBdrii1 That the said duties hereby charged for pards arfd'i carried to apd made part of the fund, comitionf sinking fundi towards making good the said ihtet^T of two millions charged thereupon by ^an act m«td Con of parliament.

CAP. XIV.

iSWtf-

aalcfr

'tlnW

£ iO

e rne ion yjii fl noi

An act for granting to his Majesty fwerdlraitFc^ duties payable by all persons, and 'bodies politick xejbri^ having certain quantities offilvtt plate.: !VlW'*

Most gradous Sovereign, ^k y: bni: p

sq.Gco. c. 7.

WHEREAS by an act made in this session of parSdnibOfil ft*5 y V tituled, An act for granting to his Majesty tra firttf ctFtfco millions, to be raised byway of annuities and afofrtetYi/ifcii charged on the sinking fund, redeemable by parliameriiV fifidi for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdota aaWlft private and unlawful lotteries; the interest of fifteen hundred &§k* sand pounds, part of the sum of two millions advanced on ibe tredit Of the said act, after the rate of three pounds ten Jbillhtgs 'pgr* centum per annum; and the interest of five hundred thousand founds, -reftdue of the said sum of two millions, after the rate of three pounds" per centum per annum, are charged upon the fund comtoonty cufkd The Sinking Fund: we your Majesty's most dutiful and Idyalo subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament! affcnabfdd, towards making good the said interest of the said millions charged on the said fund, have refolded: to grant unto your Majesty the respective annual rafoscafl6dde&&

herein after-mentioned, for and upon aH silver &?(*t

Britain, and do therefore most humbly beseech you* MSJiflSf-that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by excellent majesty, by and with the advice and lords spiritual and temporal and commons in thispr^fbitttfplrtltf^ Annual duties ment assembled, and by the authority of the fam^ THfctftdiW payabteofi fit- and after the fifth day of July one thbufarid fevfcn lumdtfed ihd ver plate, viz. fifty there shall be raised, levied, Collected and paid!

for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for artdoptfnK all silver plate in Great Britain, the respective annual i*fes*nd duties herein after expressed; that is to say, '{;

For 100 For and upon one hundred ounces troy weight, tfbdiOy

ounces, 5s. greater quantity of silver plate not amounting to twoftim&rtfr ounces, the sum of five shillings. j - ! rl

For loo, tos. And for and upon two hundred ounces, and any greatttf quantity not amounting to three hundred ounces, the ibrifof ttt*h shillings. 'm A um

For 30&, \er9 And for and upon three hiitldred ounce?* and any Wwfer quantity not amounting to four hundred buM&rtfcfc* Eitfi of fifteen shillings. r'silo an,

17$6- ci Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

An<l far" and upon four Wndred'oub^'^i % i' itijf

<m0tjttiJnp^, ajnaounti»g, |5yc bundft^ oiuncei/^he. ffijOf1' ,

'1'1, S.(I .: t. "!; ..: I1".

s and upon five hundred ounces, and 'ariy greater For

quantity, npt, amounting to six hundred ounces, the ifum of one

And for and upon six hundred ounces, andny greater quan- For$oo, i!.ioi. tity not amounting to seven hundred ounces, the Ami of one pound ten shillings.*IA 'i*J

Afld f^ap^ MUpQn fevervvhundred ounces, and any greater Foryoq, 11.15c. qp^ity raMn^upting to eight hundred ounces, the sum of one pouna fifteen shillings. j

And for and upon eight hundred ounces, and any greater For00, il. quantity not amounting to nine hundred ounces, the sum of twp pounds. v i

Andfarand upon nine hundred ounces, and any greater For 900, qjL^ntityinpt^mounting to one thousand ounces, the sum of two 9

ppupds fi^efiiilJings.

f Aft4f: fftT and upon one thousand ounces, and any greater For toooo, quaptjty 4iot amounting to one thousand one hundred ounces,1. «os. the sum of two pounds ten shillings.

And fix and upon onerhoufand one hundred ounces, and any For II00j greater quantity not amounting to one thousand two hundred1. i5s/^ ounces, the funi of two pounds fifteen shillings.

And far and upon one thousand two hundred ounces, and any jor 1200, 3l. greJKqr qjugntity pot amounting to one thousand three hundred the Of three pounds,

Aodfotrjahd Upon one thousand three hundred ounces, and Forijoo^l^s. quantity not amounting to one thousand four hun* dredpupc^, the sum of three pounds five shillings.

jfor0wt(j upon one thousand four hundred ounces, and for^oo, at^igphtetiqi^ptity hot amounting to one thousand five hun- f1- I0S-dn?d Ounce^itne sum of three pounds ten shillings.

And for and upon one thousand five hundred ounces, and any for 1500, quantity not amounting to one thousand six hundred, 55, oWG&i Iheifum of three pounds fifteen shillings.

l A^d for end upon one thousand fijc hundred ounces, and any For1^00^4. glWlBFqqiMfHity hot1 amounting to one thousand seven hundred^j

sum of four pounds. -»A£ddp* 40d upon one thousand seven hundred ounces, and for 1700, any greater quantity not amounting to one thousand eight hun- 41* 5s* dred ounces, the sum of four pounds five shillings. vAhd <far and upon one thousand eight hundred ounces, and for 1800, /quantity not amounting to one thousand nine hun- 41* 1 dred ounces, the sum of four pounds ten shillings.

upon one thousand nine hundred ounces* and for 190*1 auyjgFeftftfi qqaq^ity not amounting to two thousand ounces, +1. 15*. the sum of four pounds fifteen shillings.

1Apd^f<Vn#nrt: 'Upon/ twp tfipufapd ounces, and any grater For 2000, 4!, .*qvaijrtitj Ufa afBPWWkfaifW tj^pufand one hundred ounce?,

thp sum of five pounds. fc,

fcnA C c 3 And

A

0

- 1

Gock

jfltap

Forjoo*5b5*<

For

1. iq»*

ForW°4 $1* X5S*

For400,

<T.

For ijooi 01. 5s-

For i0oo# 01. 10s.

For iyOQ> 01.15*

Foriloo, 7)

For tcpa,

H-'S*

For 3aop#

7l.10S.

For 31001

7V.*5'.

For J106,1,

For 3joo, Pi- 5

For 1400, W* iosf

For 350a,

31. 15s*

For 3600, si.

For 3700,

ft

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. fipfif; ££56.

: Andupont^O3thoU<ahdoii^UhdF0dJ<kiW^J £tt&*ns greater quality bot amounting to two ounces, the fam of five pounds five stifliingjs? c^vn.io b And for and upon two thousatt^ t^b 'hirtidf^'fedflt^ndny greater quantity not anlotjntiftg'tb rwo dred ounces, tire sum of five poiihdsterifhtHlhgfi111 1o. rma' And for and upon two thotlfatfdthreb hbhdr^fojfifc^tnd any greater quantity not amounting to two dred ounces, the sum of five pounds fifteen.shillings.

And for and upon two thousand fouV MindVetf od* tend any greater quantity not amounting to two fooiiff^tf'Ijte ftfe*-dred ounces, the sum of six pounds. .1 \ 10 /nb min h > <.

And for and upon two thousand five hundred^o^Hiby any greater quantity not amounting to two thekiQ^'JOT^hOT-dred ounces, the sum of six pounds five shillrngV 3 -A'

And for and upon two thousand six hundred greater quantity not amounting to two thousand Ktindftd

ounces, the Turn of six pounds ten shilling?. t J n Cjv

And for and upon two thousand seven hundred btijnbbs,: ^nd any greater quantity not amounting to two thousandet^ht 4nih-dred ounces, the sum of six pounds fifteen (luffing?; 1 - And for and upon two thousand eight hundred any greater quantity not amounting to two thousand stine fiofi-dred ounces, the sum of seven pounds.'f il 7

And for and upon two thousand nine hundred otirtflss^ and any greater quantity jpot amounting to three tb<foat» the (um of leven pounds five shillings. 7 \

And for an4 upon three thousand ounces, and arty quantity not amounting to three thousand one hutjdrtd^ti^, the sum of seven pounds ten shillings. % >^nfnn

And for and upon three thousand one hundred 'qtihddsj'^ad any greater quantity not amounting to three thoustttd^tw1^-dredbunoes, the sum of seven pounds fifteen fldllrhfrs;

And for and upon three thousand two hundr^.OOTi^&d any greater quantity not amounting to three thousand dred ounces, the (um of eight pound?. ,/'"*.«n

And for and upon three thousand three hundrM*otnfot^f ^nd any greater quantity not amounting to three thousafidfebth^B-dred ounces the sum of eight pounds five (hHlings.^'k, f, And for and upon three thousand four hundred OUtftraV ihd any greater quantity not amounting to three thousand, ifivebtih-dred ounces, the sum of eight pounds ten shillings/2*1 ?r; ^J And for and upon three thousand five hundtwdiWe^hd any greater quantity not amounting to three thousand dred ounces, the sum of eight pounds fifteen foifling*.v s"i And for and upon three thousand fix hundrW nibttfcfci, &nd any greater quantity not amounting to three thousifijir fitijen hundred ounces, the sum of nirte pounds., a^-'j:, K*

And for and upon three thousand seven hundreobifoeft; jamd

any greater quantity not amounting* to-t^e. thoaf^ff^ight dfed ouncesj foe sum of pipe pounds ^li?:

un-

Ap<1

1756] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 14,; jgtt

And fornd upon three thousand eight hundredotmcesy and Forjeoo* i--j ! PJ.great^fliumity not amounting to three thoofaad nine hunt- 9'm >os' dred ounces, the sum of nii^e.pounds ten shillings*

And/or and upon three thousand nine hundred ounces, and for j9 not amounting to four thousand ounces^ 9^ ls^ L the sum of nine pounds fifteen shillings,

jA^d ^or and upon four thousand ounces, and upwards, the For 4000 and ivipn of tep pounds* / upvmrd*, joi.

\Vhich fever?} rates and duties shall be paid yearly and every The u

3f£?r by nli pcjflpn^ and bodies politick or corporate, who on the payable year-laid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, «y>

: «?F; afterly^d^t shall own, use, have or keep any quantity of fil-yer p)3tejch^jgeable by this act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and such of such of thCjlaid rates and duties by this act granted* as are or tlJem as are. shall be io chargeable for and upon silver plate in England, IValei KngUnd, to^ or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the manage- be under the

npent of the commissioners of excise in England for the time be- management ing S and such of the said rates and duties by this act granted of*!K

as are or shall be so chargeable for and upon silver plate in Scot- exdj^Tn England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of land* and 5 ^cxdfe in Scotland for the time being; which of of those in Scot-excise in England and Scotland respectively are hereby impowered land unde.r £0 appoint proper officers for collecting and receiving the said ner therer rases and duties; and all monies arising by the said rates and du- ancj officers to ties (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same be appointed ^accepted) shall from time to time be paid into tj>e receipt of his for collecting Majesty's exchequer at Westminster^ distinctly and apart from all are to other branches of the publick revenues, and shall for the.pur-^paid into ^jpose afpfesaid, be carried into and made part of the fund com- the exche-; nionly called The Sinking Fund. ^ucr*and:

III. And it is hereby enacted by, the authority aforesaid, That fin£jnl°f

all persons and bodies politick, or corporate, who 00 the said -

fifth Hay of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six shall*

own, ule, 1 have or keep any quantity of silver plate chargeable JcT^he'duties

j by this act, in London, Wcjhmnjler, or in any other parts within the tu-the limits or jurisdiction of the chief office of excise in London, rii'Uiftion ot shall, within thirty days after the said fifth day of July one the chief of t rthouland seven hundred and fifty six, give notice and make true tondbn ^to entry in writing at the said chief office of excise of their owning, notice?, using, having or keeping such silver plate, and of the number and make cn-r of ounces of such plate chargeable by this act, wheresoever the try there, same, or any part thereof, shall be kept, and of the parish or place, or parishes or places where such persons shall respective-, ly inhabit, or where such bodies politick or corporate shall respectively be situate, distinguishing in such notice whether the same be given on their own account, or on the account of any, Other, and what person or persons, or body or bodies politick;

OF corporate j and all persons and bodies politick or corporate, who after the said.fifth day of Julyt one thous^pd fevea hundred, Cc4 v and

v"Urr*q let 5: ii13, v»r ao Mf,

Mheitext^of ex-

fff 2 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. Gctfi [&8&>

lijUsnc ^cnMrgBitfUL by this act, jm ^onda*, {Ht icMdy

«^aft^Ahyj ahelimitsor jqriidiftiob of tfioiddetbaffitopt*--xifef ih Vdad'M^HMU twthkL twenty days jwr-

.. 3 _jt j vfons kbodfesrpolirick or corpcnatit.K^paSiircly il^ hcgia_to «x*» trx -fiwn, bufc, have'or'keep; any qoami^ oLfitep^lMtoio^rg^aUe by this act,3give the like notice, ! atut make the bhe eadxy etxhe^prifensiiifcid chief office of Recife \ and jaH; persons r land bbdicxqaofitick other parts toor corporate whekon the said fifth dfcyof ^xn&thbu&miift-g»re like no- yen hundred and fifty fixfhatt oamyufc* haYCcjoBtJceepiaoy quanti ty of i^vec pi Re chargeable by thu-pfty in ioyibAcJr'past of \Great Brtisitiy shall % within forty days after ^/fiuab oft It day of Jedy one rhnufand seven hundred and fifty six, giy&schq-tlikc notice, and make the like entry at-the office Df-excisentectitQ the place where such persons shall respectivelyinbatjityor where such bodies politick or corporate shall respectively hn^llttifetei and all persons and bodies politick or corporate, ihou&cr the said fifth day of July one thousand seven, hundred and7fifty, da, shall own, use, have or keep any quantity of filvt^pfittwipkarge-ablp by this act, in $ny other part of Great Britain* shall^ 'within twenty days next after fitch persons or bodies politic for corporate shall respectively begin to own, use, have.or Jtecp apy quantity of diver plate chargeable by this act, give thb Jrfoc.; notice, and make the like entry at the office of excise next te the place where such persons shall respectively inhabit, or vfberie such bodips politick or corporate shall respectively be fitttfte; and all andoiakcpay-persons or bodies politick or corporate respectively shall, art the ipent-at the time, of giving such notice and making such enfc^, paydown th?da^h^annual rates and duties chargeable byihifi a* %;

/ and the respective rates and duties so m be paid by afiTuck peo-

R*<p*afre.foni and bodies politick or corporate, who on the Tud fifekday timet of com-of y^one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, shall ownj use, juring the ^atfe pr keep: any quantity of silver platp chargeable byrthirack,

putip*- shall annually be computed or deemed payableiiroqt! tbdfidti '

fifth day of jtdy oi^ethousand seven hundred and fifty file^ jargl the respteftive rates and duties so to be paid Jby olLpBrfoh&ond bodies politick or corporate, who after the said fifth day raijniy*>, one thou&nfd fcvei> hundred and fifty six, IhdU 6wn,jft, Baae or

*;, keep any quantity of silver plate chargeable by this a&jdbaHafc-

p pu^lLy; be computed and deemed payable from the time o^thdir

*']'first beginning to own, use, have or keep such fibatpfeto

jprcfh njtiQC tpJ

IV. And be it further enacted bytbe authority aforesaid, Th*t he jjiyen, and aHpersons and bpdies pcfitick or ecuperate* who (h?Hjgjxc^or dunes robe fie -obliged -»to give such notice as afprefeio, /fagll* tairfbimthkty ppd annually. next after the commencement of each yeary|fwhd|ipk; thi

feid rates and duties shall be payable, give afresh noticeiiniqMj*

mer afore la id, and paydown the respective anhi&l rafts idfftfu-. tics abovermentioned, according 16 the numberok Ounces of silver. plate chargeable by this act, which they mall ahqat-fifeee*

; fivtiy own, use, have or keep, and shall in the Tarteimamiailref pdw such notice, and make &Qb pkygaeo

/^lon§

t. f

.10, J

n,

1756}] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. confix sgy

ljc>b^£ha|l xofjpe&Ur^ly^ c^ru^u to crtu^ nfeifcftrieor

viceepi any.cpMpotvty W iilvcc Opiate chargedbtd say thfanaa^ -nad{ if any perfeti or body politidtOr corporate so ownings dutt^hajr- wl* P^ty iiw in keeping any (Hath pfa tech arguable byi this afi* matt rce- S3T* fufeoid s^r^ notictr and make foci* «uty renewing the

andpaytnetwps aforesaid^orco Knew such notice, and.mke&me, &c. such fntvy and payment fewlyande very ydar in manner fcforfc-fiaid^ prmall, with intemitbidefraud his Majesty of any of the c; slt' rates and duties granted by ithn ad, conceal, or oause orpro*'*>

cnrejto/befconcealed any iilver plate, which he or she, or inch l;

j bpdy poli<tok or corporateshallown, use, have or keep, then and in e^ery such case, every such person or body politick or corporate'contrary to the^elpedive directions of this act,

/fftadhfotf.'every such offence respectively forfeit and Jofc the sum of kwentytjfodnds.

v V. Priced always. That nothing in this act contained shall Fresh notice ^tendaoibhlige any person or body politick or corporate to give and entry not; ariy; fochf>ft*(h, notice, and make any such new entry of pay- nrcefory for -iBenf betaken the commencement and expiration of the year,

-for which! any such rates or duties shall have been paid; al-piatewitUft* though (betv person or body politick or corporate may have ac- the year* /qcirqdbi the mean time the property, use, possession or custody pfi any additional Quantity of silver plate v any thing herein coo-/tinned*to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1-jVL Rrovided always, and be it enacted by the authority a* persons mak-£obdaid, >That in every case where the duty or duties required fog entry, and Mf this lid! itp! be pa^d, by any perfoil or body politick or cor-payback*»q»rdtn; i fpbaJ^eable with the same, shall be paid, and notice daft* trfheay lan|d entry made as aforesaid, before any information bid j

fpqaSotihiiring given such notice, and made such entry and pay- j[ot liable to imntv rofc ofofecution begun for the same, no person or body profecurifn^, pblitickuDr corporate, having given such notice, a* d made such r 1

jbaryiin^ipayment, although not Aridity within^fce riroe prt'-

feribed by ihisadl, shall be afterwards prosecuted Tftr not having Igivepfucft; notice, and made such entry and payment, within the Ume rlimbfd 09 aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the ^dbtrary^tkereof in any wise notwithstanding.

io #iE. ^Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the au* perr0ns reew-thorit/aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend to ring plate in "Charge withi the duties payable by virtue of this act, any perr pledge, with-fons or bpdtes politick or corporate, who on the bid fifth day n^li-trf{eJuty one thousand seven hundred and fifty fit, or at any time -

afterwards, shall keep and not use any silver plate, which hath tyectior shall be pledged to, or deposited with them respecthrety, by ariy other person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate

V3IL Provided nevertheless, That the true owner or owners 0 6f such plate so pledged dr deposited, shall, during all such time tc"pay*as fttch plkte shall be so kept, and not used by the person or durv for such perfiMis; -or body cr bodies politick or corporate, to whom pledged plate* so pledged* or with whom the same shall be r'O fp

Church plate, and (lock in trade not li*abler

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 14. [1756.

so deposited, be liable to pay the rates and duties chargeable by this act, in respect of such plate, and to give notice, and mak, c such entry and payment as aforesaid. il,

lXr Providea also, and it is hereby enacted, That this/aft shall not extend to charge with any of the respective rates and duties granted by this act, any silver plate which shall belong of any place of religious worship, and which is* or (h ill, be used therein only, nor the flock in trade cf any goldsmith* fiiverfinith, imnufacturer, feller of, or dealer in silver plate.

Dealers to en- X. Provided nevertheless, That every such goklfapith, divertsad pay smith, manufacturer, feller of, or dealer in silver plate, ftiaJI give for plate in ^lcj1 nodce, and make such entry and payment as afore-uc* said, and from time to time renew such notice and make such

s entry and payment yearly and every year, in manner herein before directed, for and in respect of all such silver plate aslhajl be used by him or in his family, on pain to forfeit for every ne-gleft or rfcfufal to give any such notice, and make such entry or payment as aforesaid, the sum of twenty pounds.

Persons who

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority base madden- aforesaid, That if any person having given due notice, and made Sntdying^ due entry anc* Payment the duty, for any quantity of silver within the" plate, chargeable by this act, according to the true intent and year, meaning thereof, shall die before the end of the year for which such payment shall be made, in every such case, it shall and their facet (Tors may be lawful for the person or persons, body or bodies politiqk not liable to or corporate, in whom the property of such silver plate (h$Jl immediately b? vested upon such death, to use, have and ke^p such fiber plate, for or in respect whereof such duty (ha! have been paid as aforesaid, during the residue of the year for which such payment shall have been made, in like manner as such df-ceased person might have done if living.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesajp. That upon the payment of the said respective rates and dwts so hereby granted at the said respective offices of peelje* the the officer^T names> stiles and titles of the respective persons, bodfospolitif

for the rsfchie of the year.

Upon pay- x men not the duties, entry to be made b

the persons and quantity of plate chargeable.

Receipt to be given.

or corporate, by whom or on whose account the lame shall so paid, and the number of ounces of silver plate chargeabfp)m Virtue of this act on such persons, or bodies politick or corj^f-rattf respectively, and the names of the parish or place* or parishes or places, where such person shall respectively inh^t, or such bodies politick or corporate shall respectively be situate, shall be entered in a register to be kept at the said respective offices of excise for that purpose, by the person so receiving the same; and a*receipt (of which an indented duplicate pe kept by the person so receiving the said money) shall be givbi to every person so paying such respective rates and duties by the said person so receiving the same, which receipt (Kali contain the number of the said register, the number of the ounces of silver plate so respectively paid for the sum so paid, and tjhe time for which such sum shall have been so paid, and be a tfif-Charge to the respective persons, bodies, politifk^or

woo

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. !4. $95

whafhaBlbown, ufejhave or keepfuchsilver plate, For the rates and duties payable for rticl) number of ounces of (itver plate, wheresoever the same shall be respectively used or kept, t

XIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority afoitlaid, Prosecutions ^Fhat iff! prosecutions for the recovery of the rates and duties forthereco-Jhereby granted, and for forfeitures and offences incurred an^ Jum^or for-committed against this atff, br' ariy clause or article therein con- futures, de- " Gained, fhalhand may be heard, adjudged and determined, either terminableia by bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of Westminster record at Westiriinjlet % or in the Court of exchequer in Scotland, of«-if such forfeiture shall be incurred there; or in such manner and chequer in* form as hereafter is directed; that is to say, all prosecutions for Scotland, forfeitures and offences incurred and committed within the limits or by thecorti-or jurisdl&fon of the chief office of excise in London, shall and may be^heard, adjudged and determined by any three or more in the'juris-of the commissioners of excise in England, for the time being; diction of and in case of appeal from the judgment of the said commission- London, ers (and not otherwise) shall be heard, adjudged and determined

the cortimHlioners for appeals, for the time being, or the^nhy^ major part of them, whose judgment therein shall be final; and commissioner* all prosecutions for forfeitures and offences incurred and com- of appeal* i mitted within all or any other the counties, shires, stewartries,

Cities, towns or places within the kingdom of Great Britain^ or mor/ju-

shall and may be heard, adjudged and determined, by any twofticei.

or more of the justices of the peace redding near to the place where such forfeiture shall be incurred or offence committed;

and if either the informers or defendants shall think themselves Inforwr or

aggrieved by the judgment given by such justices, ' it shall and Sieved maf"

{may be lawful for every such informer or defendant to appeal to appeal to the the justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions to be holden quarter fef-in and for the county, Shire, stewartry, city, town or place where,

- the forfeitures shall be incurred, who are hereby authorized apd ImpQwered to hear, adjudge and determine the same, and whose judgment therein shall be final; and the said of for " excise, and of for appeals (in case of appeal) and all Upon com-jtfftices of the peace aforesaid respectively, are hereby authorized plaint or in-vind required, upon complaint or information upon oath exhi- fonn^io^ «4 'bited and" brought before them respectively, for any forfeiture be

T^curred or offence committed by any person or persons, contrary fammoned to this (which oath the said of and justices of the and heard, peace respectively, are hereby authorized to administer) to sum-jhon the party or parties accused; and in case of any such complaint err information exhibited against any body politick or cor-

f>orate,to summon the chief officer or officers of such body po-itick or corporate, and upon the appearance or contempt of any such person so summoned, to proceed to the examination of the matter of fa<St; and upon due proof made thereof either by the and judgment voluntary confession of the person or persons so funrmioned, or to be given by the oath of one or more credible witness or witqefles (which thcrcuP0rn* oath they thfe said of and justices respectively, have'hereby power to administer) to giv| judgment or Sentence there-v*vponj

3$S

drtaxfomnd

W*-

Fot mnt of distrest, offender to be committed.

Odd tooiety of

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

A

ff upon; and to award and issue out warrants tinder their

/, respectively, for the levying of inch forfeitures and penalties aa

Barikkmetto are by this act imposed, upon the goods and c!p£0s be be*icd by person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate* and to cause sale to be made of such goods and chattels, if they fca|l not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering t? such perform or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, tbq qvprplusfif any be) and for want of sufficient distress, otherwise thanin the case of a body politick or corporate, to imprison th? par.y or parties offending, till satisfaction be made.

XIV. And h is hereby further enacted, That al| fq^p&ires m for Wtureiand penalties which shall be recovered for any offeiKre*oawi$-> > ^own, ted against this a d fall necessary charges for the recovery thereof

being first deduded) shall be distributed, one moiety -'V, 'f' f.and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucce(ior5, ^4t)i^ the other to other moiety thereof to him, her or them, who shall uaform or the informer. fuc for the same. 1

ferfbtit sued

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority 3 Ttrfy plead the That if any person or persons shall be sued^ mojeftodi general issue j prosecute(j for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of.jhi*, ad, or any the clauses herein contained, such person or perfqps shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, for his, her or their defence) aadjf; afterwards on a trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendantoiApr, fendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinqq ^is, hjsFj or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgmer^ shall be given against him, her or them upon demurrer^ <sx otherwise, then fuen defendant or defendants shall have treble co$s tobifla^ her or them awarded, against such plaintiffor plfunti^.i

and recover treble costs.

CAP XV.

/S XT. A.Y..isvwj

An act for granting a bounty upon certain fpteks.and Irish linens exported*and taking off the duties-importation of foreign raw linen yams made dfJTax.<'JU')

WHEREAS tie wealth and prosperity of this kingdom4iM&tyti much depend upon the preservation and improvements Afxbfr* manufactures thereof: and whereas the manufacture of ltne0vlY^4d\ be greatly improved? and the exportation of it to foreign PPXti derabh increasedy if. a bounty was allnved on the exposofmUj Britirn and Irish linens of a certain value^and the dutiespay^yf^ on the importation of raw or brown linen yarn made offlax, !*< dff'j continued ': may it therefore please your Majesty that i^?uniay ibtfi enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most exceUei>fcmftw)b4 by and with the advice and consent of the lofds^jituMilOlk temporal and commons in this present parliament Bounty grant- and by the authority of the same, That there (hailh^giye|t ed oa certain paid without any fee, reward or dedudion whatsoev^ aehgi^y^ Ip^nesot Br»- for every yar(j Of British and Irish linensmade of hpmp ^J^j JinenTexWt. and of the breadth of twenty fi.vf inches«ed j viz. un. value of five pence per yard, the sum of one halfpenny; and of derjd. per the

under and

W&A 4?n° M

the Value of five pence per yard^ and under the value of fa T1*5q- <* pen&i* ^j^Sfd^Vhe Tuiii oflone penny; and of the value qt s d. indiu fix Yard, and hot exieedin| the value of eighteen

pefliee^f the foiti of onefjenny half-penny, which from iu* exceeding

itSd astir^ twenty fourth day of June in the year one thpu7 i ^fedi per > &hd JfcV^hundfedTand fifty six, andf within the term of fifteen ?anJt1I yeii*, ! tiPcdmmence from the said twenty fourth day of June, Qg oiitl&vu at any time1 thereafter before the end of the then next (eflioo of, I pari&mfcrft; shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, -

Americas Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the East Indies j# which said bbunty ( shall be ps^id upon demand to Bounty, ttie'exporterof such linens, or the feller thereof for exportation, able to theeah by the cdle<9or of the port from whence the same shall be exported, but of the monies that shall be in his hands, arising for o/the from any of the duties, revenues and customs, collected and re- port, and for reived it fiion port; and ifi case any collector of the customs in "antot: mor tirtf Out-port in South Britain, or of any port in North Britain, J

shall not have money sufficient in his hands to pay such bounty, gmnted lor <t tlialf fhen bvefy fdch collector shall, if thereunto required*forth- the fiune, Jej^ Whlv without fee or reward give to the person or persons intituled.

to such bounty, a certificate under his hand, attested by the comptroller; certifying to the Commissioners of his Majesty's qOtloms at London, if such linens are exported from any port in that part of Great Britain called England, or to the commissioners of His Majesty's customs at Edinburgh, if such linens are exported from any port in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that he hath not money in his hand sufficient to pay the said b6dhty, and also what is due for the same to such person or

artd upon producing such certificate, and the debenture'. of the linens'exported, the said respective of of the customs shall cause to be paid without fee or reward, by the receiver general or cashier of the customs at. London or Edinpurgf) rrfptravely, to thie person or perfQhs producing every such cer-ti&afc andidebcntufe the sum or Aims of money fa certified to be due, oat of the monies arising from any of the duties revenues and customs under the management of such f efpqdtive commissioneTS; and if the receiver general or caflhier of thecuftqn^K at Edinburgh shall not have money sufficient in his hands to pay tkebouftty so certified to be due, the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, shall forthwith* Without fee or reward, give such exporter or feller for exportation, a certificate certifying the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs at London \ which certificates being affixed to the aebentuies for the bounty of the said linens (o exported, and being produced to the said of of his MajestyV customs at London, they the said of are hereby* authorized and required on demand by such exporter dr filler for exportation, or other person legally authorized to re-ctffe*the same, that shall bring such certificate and debenture, '; to'cibfc r&fmonVy thereby certified to be due, to be paid by ^lie

a

minvbr 'gehertt 5r$a(hierof the customs without fee or reward,

K* bill.; Vn/U Jlh'*>'1 'i 1' - 1* 1

n. ff111 u-., t

t

and oath to be made of the value and manufacture.

Searcher may

(398 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. e. [ 17$5.

out of the monies that shall be in his hands, arlfirtg ftofa* an y

\*of the dunes, revenues and custbiws, under the foanigetaent

of the(aid of at tendon. 1

ttaontfcy and s

II. Provided always That the exporter' ot4 fedter for expdr-value of the tation, of such British and bijk linens, (halt irt hfe ehtf^thert^ linens to be Of exprefe the quantity and value,; and likewHfe tfhdortfectfi lfce endorscdaon coctluct granted upon fitch entry^ 1he/ true quantity and Vahie the cocquet, of the linens intended to be shipped; and moreover (halt, be-and certificate fore he receive such bounty, produce a Certificate ffrhxi the Jron the searcher or other proper officer appointed to fee the famethlptted,

Shiced^ and^ 'th shipping thereof, and shall fikeW^ give Amdebt

feconty given security to the coile&oi4 or customer of the port, in the penalty for not re- of double thecalue of the goods Intended to be exported, Omd landing. one hundred pounds (which security every such colle&bforcu-Homcris hereby impowered and required to take in the nAme and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucctflorv) thatftich linens so shipped or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on shore again fa aWy pbrt or part of Great Britain, Ireland, or The Isle ef Man; and shall Oho, before he receives any such bounty, make oath {which oath the proper officers of the customs have hereby paw&ttb administer) of the value of such linens, and that the fattfe Were made in Great Britain or Ireland. v'

III. And in order to prevent abuses in obtaining thfcfttiti examine if the bounty, be it farther enacted by the authority afort&irf. That with thcentrvlt am* may he lawful to and for any searcher, dr ofhtf jtfd-tnd cocqueti P^r officer, after the entry of any linens, as being mtitlCtf to ftie

find bounty, and before or after the shipping thCredf/tb dpdn and ftri&y examine any bale, truss, chest or other poettagd, so fee if the goods are right entered and endorsed 6n fife dbdqttC?;

if right, they and* if on such examination the same shall befbuodto^tl^ht are to be re- cittcrc<} and endorsed, the searcher shall at his Own chaTge&tfe the same to be repacked; which charge shall be' alto^fetftld (he Aid officer by the commissioners of the customiif ttfcy'fWnk it reasonable., t j .^\

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority (dbwAid, That if upon View and examination by the proper Oflteefc^of the customs it shall appear that all or any piCcedr pieceiof Khin which shall be entered for exportation, as intitled tOthC'botirtty

__^hereby granted, is or are of greater value than ofierfhfllfag and

Ee delivered on six pence per yard, then and in such case, the exporter brTfeffer demand into of such ijncn for exportation, shall on demand maddfa^ritfdg by the customer or collector and comptroller of the port #fte*c such goods or merchandises are entered, deliver tk cause wrbe delivered, so many pieces of such linen as (haB be demanded1 by the said officer, into his Majesty Ywarehouse at the pbrt of*fc-portation, for the use and benefit of the crown; and ttpbtffach delivery, the customer or collector of such port with the prhfty of the comptroller, shall, out of any money in the hinds offach customer or coUc&orarifirtg by custoriris or other duties bdong-irigto the crown, pay to such exporter or feller

thf

packed at his charge.

Linens entered for the bounty of greater value than i s. 6d. per yard, to

the King's warehouse.

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 15. 399

the vafotf foiJUog M»d: fiwen pence-par y»d, eakingra and1 s-? d. receipt for the femo from such> exporter or feller for exportation, in full satisfaction for the said goods, as if they had been fegu* same, goods to larly. fpWs Uddthe respective commissioner* of the customs shall beasterward* cauf© tfiefsidgoods to be failily and publickly fold for the best IbldpubHckly, advantage.t and owt of the pjwluee thereof, the money so paid or advanced as aforesaid, shall be repaid: to such caftomer or col Ic^leKi with- thepeiyity of the comptroller, to be replaced to fqch fund* from whence the same was borrowed; and If any10 replace the overplus shall remain, after defraying the expences of such file, properfunda and the necessary charge* incident thereto^ one moiety of such OvwpJus how overplus shall be; paid into his Majesty's exchequer to be made to be applied, part of the bulling fond, and the other moiety to the proper officers who shall have searched and examined such linens.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Linens enter-That if any person or persons shall enter for exportation anyd at an w* luiqn at any value, not exceeding the value of one shilling and refufaUo be li pence peryard, and which, upon the view ami examination given up of the proper officers of the customs, shall be thought to be of greater value than one shilling and six pence yard, and shall, on demand made in writing by the customer or collector, and comptroller of the port where such linen is entered for exportation, refuse to deliver, or cause to be delivered, all or any of the pieces of such linen into his Majesty's warehoofe at such potg, for the use and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the said officers, of the customs at the said port the Value of one v

shilling and seven pence per yard for such linen, in full fetisfoc-

ti.90 for the; same; or if the proper officers of the customs shall, u; >QB; Y»ftw tod examination, find any such linen which shall be entered for exportation at the value of six pence per yard, or snd^|inen abov^ithat; value, not exceeding eighteen pence ptr yand, to be found be u.?d«F tbft-vdue>of six pence per yard, or which shall be entered under the Vast the value of five pence pa yard, or above that value, and not 'u*r of jd. <*-a nounting; to the value, of six pence per yard, 1 to be under the respe^vefy, value of five pence per yard; or if such linen shallbeless inorlefsin ..qijantity thaa shall be expressed in the said inderfement on- the quandtr-orj ..said entry or coequet, pr shall not be of the breadth of twenty breadth, rhan, five inches at the least j or if the same shall be entered and in- T.!

Y dorfed under a wrong denomination, whereby the said bounty,t or any part thereof, would have bran fraudulently obtained;

that them and in every such case, all such linen which shall be or entered tm.

so refusedtp be delivered, or that shall be under the value of fix der a wrong

pence; per yard, or five pencoprr yard respectively, or shall ap- denomination, pear to be lefcin quantity than expressed in such indorsement,

Y or be, voder- the breadth of twenty five inches, or entered and indorsed under a wrong denomination, and also all the goods .: contained in all and every the package or packages indorsed on tsbefeid entry or cocqoet, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall

r and may be fcixed by any officer or officers of »he<customs; and ta.be thei owoer. br merchant shall lose the benefit of receiving the iv*1*'

; bounty ..... p 6

Linens rc-ianded to be forfeited,

with is. per yard.

Striped and

- chequered linens, fee. excepted.

Irish linen re* cetving the bounty, ex-

400 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. tfrA CO % Sc:

VI. And be it dfo fmtber eeati^ tl* ewNmigtiAwSiiiSfc That if any British or Irish linen for whtcb the4o<)Ht.Sw^ -

been given or claimed, shall be relaaded in Great InVWG A"tr lancL, or Tbt Isle of Man* the same shall be forijBtHd^&t'fPlQr--person concerned in bringing back er landing thfd'GMx.flhflft forfeit one shilling for every yard (b bmvgbt bacbwf, t9is<uto& -.

VII. Provicted always. That nothing -in this la&ppaiipmlL

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any lif — Hji mi any linens that are (Iriped or ehequered, or peietsidQ&WnftMk or made into buckrams or tilletings*.- 'jX

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by.thfmHfracr* 7

rlty aforesaid, That no linen of the manufacture of he exported from Great Britain shall bc i(Hided to %;

porter'to make unless such linen shall be, at the time of such nrpwtiiliim dM:; i oath, that the property of a person or persons residing in Great Brit09mi^tWkpQ property of°me h*s Majesty's colonies or phuatations in to

wme person in the exporter or feller for exportation of such Irish fin* 'ifcSeifM v Great Britain by required to make oath, before the proper- officererofsimp, of, o» America, the customs of the port where such Irish linen shall bC'etMKOhfi -for exportation; which oath such officer or officer* hereby impowered to administer.

Specie* of frith

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid* Ttm

linens except- species of Irish linen made of flax and hemp, whereof thfrpiyo- -ed from or bolt contains thirty eight yards in length, and tvKm^Fjfexxr-bounty* inches in breadth, and cloths of different lengths and brtfdtbs, -in proportion from number one to number ten inclufiv %; whtthf shall weigh fifteen pounds tveight or upwards, to pounds weight9 as (he same is defcfibed in an a&4md* un ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for further encouraging and regulating the manufactmeof Britjfc: sail cloth 5 and for the more effectual securing the duties mm, t

on foreign sail cloth imported into this kingdom* (hatt not tied to any bounty or reward* by virtue or in conseqtKnco ad; any thing in this or any former act contained- HMh* «Q*sy .*trary in any wise notwithstanding.

Bonds and X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all, debentures bonds taken or to be taken, and debentures trtado or to be made*-; excepted from pursuant to this act, shall not be chargeable with any of the stamp duties, duties upon stampt vellum, parchment or paper)any law or Statute made or to be made to die contrary notwithstanding

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* trtiamSl That if m pert ^oath- by imprisonment, retted to be made, and shall thereof be legally convicted so au on making of his Majesty's courts of record in Great, every fun*

false oath. person shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds* and be imprisoned for twelve months.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, urei'pen^tie. That the several (eizures, penalties and* forfeiture* wthisatt, and forfeiture, mentioned, shall and may be prosecuted and determined by bill, may be profs- plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's counts of fe*pi % cuted. at IVtfm»Jler % or in the court of Mi^equer ii^<JnifIc>dJ«^etth.

ivlw

I pTo»t«'Wort', ^riV&ege, 1agfer OfHsirj t t

I or more than one imparfepweMhall be allowed; and ohe mofetir' \ v*, .* of the fekl leisures, perfectfe# and* forfeitures1, foatthe; tofeh& 1 ufettf -fh*King, Majesty; aftdtht ether rtdiety to such person y-or person* will fuc for 0t profeeiKerthe lame^ and in case in conceml" Z any such soit it Avail be iftedra qufcAion whether any such linen ing where li-" is of the ittlriufadure or febficfc of Great Britain or Ireland, omens were ma-' of any foreign country, in fweh Case the Onus Probandi thereof nUfa^red,

shall lie upon the exporter or fetter thereof foi* exportation. the cxoLrte^11 Xlir. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fat#fwcnty fourth day of Jtine^ ho sub- rei^nrewiinen

fidy* outturn, rate, duty, Of other Imposition whatsoever, shall yarns import-

be demanded* collected, received or taken, upon any raw.or ed,

brown linen yarns, made of flax, and known by the names of

Dutch yarn and French yam* and of Sprtice or Mufcevia yarn,

or any other foreign raW or brotyri linen yarns made of flax,

which shall be imported into this kingdom; but that all such

linen yarns shall and may be imported duty-free, for the spade r--

of fifteen years from the said twenty fourth day of June, or at*c^rra 0£f

any time thereafter, before the end'of the then next session of X5 ycarf.

parliament; any former law, Statute, or aft or efts of parlia- In case of

mem, to the contrary notwithstanding: and in dafe any ques-3uetooivrelat-

tien foall arifeln respect of yarn imported duty free, whether such yam be made of flax or not, the Onus Prebsndi shall lie to on the

upon the importer or clahner thereof/ importer.

XIV.7 Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-£1107 to be thority aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made of all such^deof such foreign raw or brown linen yarns, at the custom-house belong- y* ing to the port into which the same shall be imported, in such manner and form, and expressing the quantities and species of such raw or brown linen yams* astoere used and pfaftifed before^ the making of this act; and such yam shall be landed in the n presence of the proper officer or officers of the custditts appointed for that purpose; and the importation thereof, be m ships or importing, vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland, dr his Majesty's domi-? nions in America, and navigated according toLlaw; and If any1 a

person or persons upon the importation of any foreign rawotf*

brown linen yarn made of flax, (half no* observe and perform7 1 tl ti '*v'

the said Conditions and directiortt herein-before mentioned, ere-Qn^ry such person shall be liable^to and pay fdth and the same du-which, duties ties, as such yarn would have been liable to, if this act had not to be ppid.

been made; any thing imthis^ft contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

XV*. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,_* That* if-any- aftihn or'ftflt shall be comrtienced against any per- o?aorom«lof-son or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the/this act , defendant or defendants in any fochr action or ftiir may plead the may pfepl genefal iffoe, and grve'tWr aft and the special matter in evfj general iffna* r^deuce; #be Nd-thereupon; and that thefarmrwas "

doife'hfputf'tt&ftteandby the authority oftttfsaft; and if it^=

(haif*p^n*have bafssd*Re* the jurydhafl find for the de-; J*"

Rot, XXL D d fend-

S'

4P*

and recover treble costs.

Aqm vicofwvo noaQ-£*Of(^4Kr*iA6. {T?zs*>

fendant or defciuWt* ynd if tfettpUintiff rfodbhe nmfesitari,

the defendant ataUtad-(hftventhbdik e fddie-hath fee Anvo<ifc

,>1 too

or discontinue his action, afterrthe.have appeared;, os if jud^afetui £ di& or demurrer again it the plaint ants shall and may reco dy for the same, as any detendapton other cases by law.

CAP. 'BCVf; '* 'if'i-uit) noi'tt-K.}

An act to impovoer his Majesty

; salt petre; and to enforce the loop fcpjnfpowqifog&U jesty to prohibit the exportationaf

of arms or ammunition; and also to so'pAft/ijty

to refrain the carrying coastrvifi if salt or any sort of arms or ammiimt v«r, T<rnfn; rri yoe

J J .1': ot ItmTjq 7031

WHEREAS by the a Q of tennageond poundage.utode

the twelfth year of the reign of tffeg- Qharfol thti Secmtf pmer is expreftyreftrved to his Majesty to prohibit^ ahandufof paeh

times os heJbould fee cajtfey the transporting. ef, gunpHudeTl obi any sort of arms or ammunition., into any parts out of his.tiagdami.-mui

whereas salt petre is abfiluttly necessary to the igumpeimfat,

and the publick Jafety may require temporary rcjtraikie. upoerMhej e*.

portation thereof at critical conjunctures; therefore-.tfopbewnqtnajl

doubts, be it hereby declared and enabled by.fho-iKan^eii excellent majesty, by and with the advice and CQofeartltffij the lords spiritpal and temporal and commoesfo tfei* peSfcol, '£*r-Hls MafeAy liament assembled, and by the authority invpowmd by Majesty may, by proclamation or onto in CQup4ifc>aebeni4ie ororfe^of"' ^l fcocause, and for such. time m shall beiheroiAIwipwfled, council, to prohibit the exporting, or attempting to ex|w«ti»^fe(p«tcbnet prohibit the of this kingdom, in such manner and Mnder foebintftritnarlas exportation of he shall think fit. \ s ti nj tsup

salt petre. IJ. And it is hereby further enacted, Thatwbaileve*>gu»-xonpowder*ty Qr quantities of salt petre, gunpowder, or any sort of arms armtToram- °fammunition prohibited by proclamation or order.in council

munition, /to be exported, shall be shipped-or Wen -orbeefoanjRfhipWliPPed afw vessel in any of the pqrt or porta of ry so pfdgrfor

such probibi* exportation, contrary to such proclamation or- order. ajl jii^Talt pdtre, gunpowder, or any sort of anns or ammunuir-to be forfeit- bifed by proclamation w order in council to be ex d. Scc. " be forfeited, and may be seized by warrant from ariy'-i,

or by any custom-nouse, impost, or excise ofl»ce»p \adtf lthe and owner to owner or owners of such salt petre, guapowdef, or any sort of pay tool, for arms or ammunition prohibited by proclamation- or.-onifej in of such ihk' co*mc'l to be exported, as shall be so shipped for export ' petre and (had severally and respectively forfeit and pay the sura q gunpowder; hundred pounds for every hundred wd ghtoffelc^treW, powder, and so in proportion for any ldfer quantity

t ami.*.hundred pounds for every five Sod twenty arms; fewfofoprd-

v a g

r

1756J] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 17. 403

wfotoundtetf1 Weight of any f^ccles of ammunition, and 100l. for and fcxttrppSpottidrtfW an} lefTer quantity, prohibited by pro- eJ*2uCC' w*' cfamndowWWdW iivdoandl to be exported, so shipped for ex- munitton*m* pomatum uu.in...*ill.-Ah#' b^ft"ftmh«r dttacted, That if any person or per-nd aider* ia Jo»4M) kburidirtg Orlit the shipping or lading any salt petit, gunpowder, or any sort of arms or ammunition for ex-, 0'ol and oe. portation, during the tinhe>'be To prohibited by prodama- t>ie value} tien or order in council, contrary to such proclamation or order, every such petforvshall forfeit and pay one hundred pounds, and treble the wahie of such fah petre, gunpowder, or any sort of aMiwesMmflrttioti prohibited by proclamation or order in coun-vtfil tofocex ported.

IV..Provided al(by and be it hereby further enacted, That if an the na* rahy matter of any ship or vessel shall lade or take on board, or fuf- fter tool, ftr or permit to be laden or taken on board, any salt petre, gun-\powder, wy soft of arms or ammunition for exportation, during, the time it shall be so prohibited to be exported as aforesaid,

every CuoH master shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. viv-Vi PibtfMed always, ind be it further enacted by the autho-m* itatyafetafeid. That this act, and every clause, matter and thing hibned from, herein coo rained^ (half extend, and be construed tp extend, to being carried ioapdweriiiS Majesty to prohibit the shipping of any salt petre, coa"*ife*

gunpowder, of any sort of arms or ammunition, in order to be 'oanrisfrcoaftwlfl, m like manlier as he is by this act impowered so pmhWnt the exportation of salt petre.

vVI; And it |s hereby'farther enacted, That the penalties be- Application vfar© imtbh act rttrttioned and provided, shall be divided into qTtbe pwai* Areeiflrrertil^'lMMts, two third parts thereof to his Majesty, his t »...beirrand faccessors, and the Other third part thereof to such V f>^'

ipetfon ot perlbfi* as shall seize or sue for the same, by bill, .'

plaint or InfOWrtation in arty of his Majesty's courts of exchequer in Great Britain, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of lawi shall be allowed.

IP M'-i VM.

su,;, - CAP. XVII.

win aft to prevent bit Majestfs subject as of-.. -V, -

'\ fk(Tt fadir the French King-, and for the belter ettforc-

1" ' ing an act passed in the ninth year of his Majesty's

reigd, to'prevent the intijling his Majesty's fobjects to serve, A* foldiert without his Majesty's licence j and for oblig- -

dng fitebrof bit Majesty's subjcSh at a mffwns in the Scotch Brigade, in the

gbnetai of the united provinces, to take the oaths of

glance qnd. abjuration.

fl^REAS divers afbhifajtftfs been in- J': if

"y,.ducedtejifrve-at enters wider the F reooh King, which prat-; ,

tictfipiijpVit# the dtfixmmr^<atuLis greattyprejudicial te -

W(for.remedy thereof; < be* erratfed for the tCing s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice

Pda and

Accepting of any military commission, &c. in the French King' fervite, without leave under the sign manual, felony.

Officers and fbldiersretui.n ing within a limited time to their duty andallegiance and taking, See. the oaths

exempted from penalties!

otherwise, they are liable to be adjudged of felony,

and suffer death.

9 Geo. a. c. 30

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. cwpA

and consent of the Iferd* spiritUal and temporal, andootmnwtit, in th\i present parliament aflimbled; and bythp^authority the same. That if any subject of the crown of \Gnat$R*u&m+ from and after the first day of Mayone thousand fevpniumdred and fifty six, shall take or accept of any militaryoommTfiiou, .* otherwise enter into the military fervico of the Rvari King^a* a commissioned or nop commiflicmed officer, withpsUV lostnom j licence of his Majesty, his heirs or successors* fieft tads^d^tained for that purpose, under the sign

his heirs or successors, every such person/fo ofijBnding/brroj* thereof lawfully convicted, (half be takety dirttirri judged to be guilty of felony, and shall fuffeedeathvas-i* cmfas of felony, without benefit of clergy.: 1 eiduob bi£

II. And be it further enacted by the awhorit^afw^cud, That -if any commissioned or non-commUBoned oraccrydriprivtft*

soldier (being a subject of the crown of Great Britampvibot^o^ be now in the said service, without his Majesty's jttoenoai'firfitiaal and obtained as aforesaid, do and shall, on or beforothetftofemy9ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred dnib fifty ifc*

ven, return into this kingdom, with intent to beaame/sndjkali become, a dutiful and faithful subject to his Majesty/ his beta* and successors, and surrender himself to any one or mors o&Mt Majesty's justices of the peace within this kkigdom/taldithali within the time aforesaid, with good and sufficieatftvctM^eifo* into a sufficient recognizance to appear at the next general sizes, of general quarter sessions of the peace to be bddfcr Aw county in which he or they shall so surrender, ao4 fhatt at (kick general assizes, or quarter sessions of the peace, take and sub-i feribe the oaths of allegiance and abjuration in open a>unv such officer or soldier shall from thenceforth be exert ptedv^xiTread from all offences, penalties and forfehuresrer^tedti^ tfct* act, or by any other act, against inlisting in foreign fervioe; - any thing in this act, or in any former act, to the contrary thereof in ahy wise notwithstanding.f

III. And be it further enacted, That if any comtnvffioodd non-commissioned officers or private ibldiers (iub^fts the crown of Great Britain) who are now m tte

the French King, shall remain and continue in such fervide^froof and after the said twenty ninth day of September oncthoufimtf seven hundred and fifty seven, without leave or licence, frfcny his Majesty, his heirs and successors, first had and obtained. Under the sign manual of his Majesty, his heirs or fucbeflorsi>sB and every such persons and person fp offending} being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be taken, deemed and ad^dged tot* guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in casesof felony, with-out benefit of clergy., / '^-

IV. And whereas a praftiee has been introduced in order to rttair*and elude the provifeons made by an act passed in thenimhyedr ff iii present Majesty's reigtfs intituled An act to prevent the lifting his Majesty's subjects to serve as foWiers Without hisvM^cftyni K-sence, by hirings retaining^ or protmng Jut Ai^ejifp^l^eftfto

' go

I

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. qa7# 405

btyomdvtlb foai± or tmh* upon fair arrival*

bncQdi\4th\isdift and enter thtmfohesto serve as foldUrs in foreign fervict& waboat alhmltygivittg them any inliJHng money at the time of their so \ procuring the mtogo abroad, with the inteutaforesaide atedr whereas m doubt has anofo* whether the so hiring*, retaining or, preciftingi hit Majestfs subjeflSi with intent te embark, and go be-jnuidith*; so*r tobe tnhfiid when abroad to serve as soldiers in so-redgni forbills without oQuaifypaying to such person^ and their re-uitiing Jklifiihgi money bere fromihe persons so hiring, retaining or procuring* bh an uUifiing witbjn the meaning and intention of the said aQ of 4bt khtibef his present Majesty> as to make such person liable loJko frouftiasbtind^pttialties of the said act: for removing the said doubt, and for the more> effectually preventing a practice so feigldy.detrimental to this kingdom; be it declared and enacted*wTihat. if any ftibje& of the crown of Great Britain hath Sul)j€^ engaged, 7 cxmtraded or agreed, or shall engage, contrail or a- tra^bng gne6v within the kingdom of Great Britain or Irelandto go be- to mbit in so* -.yondvtho ieas* or embark, with an intent and in order to inlist reign fernct* and /cntdri himself to serve as a soldier in any foreign service, though inn inciting money be suSually paid to or received by biflM 4il if any person hath hired, retained, engaged or pro-and person* or.Aall hffc, retain, engage or procure any subject his Majesty, bu heirs or fuccenors, though no miming money i; cence from hath been c* shall be actually paid to or received by him, to a- his Majesty, -gGCC ito. go beyond the leas* or embark, with an intent and in Older tohbe inlisted to serve any foreign prince, date or potentate, as a-soldier, without leave or licence of his Majesty, his heics or (uccdTors, first had and obtained for that purpose, every fitch: person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall iufter death as in ru^er cases of Tdonv, without benefit of clergy., death.

V. And whereas it is highly necessary that troops com?

jyfed of British juhjtfls and recruited in Great Britain, by his Majesty's ptrmijjiott, Should not be permitted to enter into the service of

aety foreign pnotror slate. whatfitver, without giving the so-

If tunttftimny of the allegiance which they owe to his Jocred Ada-.

jtfty, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Wefb scatty of his Majesty's British subjects shall, from and after the cepting com, 'twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and (if- missions in ty-fm, accept of commissions in the corps in the service of theirh« Scotch lugh^rightitieflea the statea general of the united provinces, dif* ttUgpHbed-by; the name of; The Scotch Brigades and who are not nera|, lervicej already in that service, every such person shall within fix mariths after the dale of such his, commiinon, take and subscribe the to Ukr, &c. oaths, of aikgiapcc and abjuration in one of his Majesty's courts the oaths, at Wtjlmnjltr, or at the general assizes or general quarter; feifions

of the peace to he holden for same county, in that part of Great Britain c*AeA England, or in the court of session, court of

justiciary; court of exchequer, in that part, of Great Britain calledSffthfodi Orin.a (betiff ©rftewart court, or before the ju-pca^.gt their, quarter sessions there, or ip. the domi-t; " D d 3 ' nions

406 [^6.

irtods of the item gohortij before KtoM^eflyfr'ririiriftertshmhi {who are hereby impowertd to adfciMfter 'web «eth»)H 'Mri every fochoflteer thaftwithin*unmth»fterh4 hiH'. hqwe.r takeh and fabscribed such oath* asaft»reftid; mnftwtea wnWote

"certmciTe hereof lignftd by order of fechtourr, or personos'psifowsdwv thereof, fore whom (he same shall have been so tafcttf ondvjbbfaiteli, ?wo with the date before directed* together with an aeeountof fhedafoof&s COte-Of their com- miftion, to his Majesty's f mryats^for the(biieWehi^ wflso "ary at»btreby required to regillsr the nsmesof ail fochufisers, and war, to be the dates of their coremlfsiens; and fiirit cumt; rir^peribri^ur registered, &c. persons, before whom such oaths are taken and ffchscribed^ art hereby required to give such certificate to cttiryfqeh ofk*r, «t aforesaid; and every such officer not now in the Service tif the states general, who shall accept of a commiftkm In'thrcorpuul-foresaid, and shall not take and fabscribe the oaths afcrtsaid^and transmit a certificate thereof in manner before dfreftOdy flaril oei penalty of and p, y the fom of five hundred pounds, tobe rmwhsdd 5*- by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Mbb jesty's courts of record at fVefminster, or in the court dNfcftfoU or exchequer in Stotland; one moiety whereof fhtligo w thupdp-

son or persons who Audi fueforthe same, and theothfcrriiuiety to his Majesty, within one year after such perftmfo offending shall come into Great Britain.'«^y

Offences com-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority tfofeftfcf, mittedwithout That any offence against this act, though cothnritted Without tbi* realm, this realm, shall and may be alledced to be committed^ Uird Street Bri- maf*, aM> enquired of, and tried, in any county <rt Groat tain. Britain.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority d-

corruptbm of foresaid, That attainder for any offence made felodybyshfe Wood: aft, shall make or work any corruption of Mood, 'foss dower, or difhetifoh of hrir or heirs* >* hne Imoq

CAP. XVIII.

An act to obviate a doubt arisen on an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for relief of insolvent debtors; and for relief of sheriffs and keepers of prisons, in respect to escapes of such persons as were prevented by the said doubt from being discharged under the said act.

WHEREAS by an act passed the last session of parliament, intituled An act for relief of insolvent debtors; it is (amongst other things) enacted, That all sheriffs, gaolers or keepers of prisons in any county, riding, division, city, town and liberty, within this kingdom, were required to make an exact alphabetical list of the names of all such persons who on the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, were in their actual custody, together with the names of the persons at whose suit such prisoners were detained, and deliver the same upon oath to the justices at their first general or quarter sessions to be held after the thirty first day of

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 18. 407

March one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; as also to fix upon the gate of the said prisons true copies of the said list ten days before said sessions: and it was thereby further enacted, That the persons whose names were inserted in such lists, and who at the time in the said recited act mentioned were in the actual custody of any sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of prisons, taking the oath, and giving such notice to their creditors as the said act requires, might be released and discharged from their imprisonment: and whereas it was in most places impracticable for sheriffs, gaolers, or keepers of prisons to deliver in lists at the time directed by the said act, as the first general or quarter sessions next after the thirty first day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, was held before the said act passed into a law: and whereas a doubt has arisen, whether the justices in any general or quarter sessions of the peace held for any county, riding, division, city, town or liberty, within this kingdom, had, by the said above recited act, a power to discharge any prisoner or prisoners at any general or quarter sessions held subsequent to that held after the thirty first day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and whether the discharges of prisoners by the justices, in pursuance of the said recited act, have been legal: and whereas the justices of the peace for the county palatine of Lancaster, by reason of such doubt, have absolutely refused to discharge the prisoners in the gaols of their several jurisdictions; which case may likewise have happened in other places, whereby they are still detained in a loathsome prison: and whereas notwithstanding such doubt the justices in many counties have proceeded to discharge, and have discharged prisoners from many gaols in this kingdom, at the sessions held subsequent to that held next after the thirty first day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; to obviate which doubt, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Justices at their quarter-sessions, may order prisoners for debt on 1 Jan. 1755, to be brought before them to be discharged on their conforming to the recited act.]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace for any county, riding, division, city, town or liberty, within this kingdom, at their general or quarter sessions of the peace, to be held for such county, riding, division, city, town or liberty, after the passing of this act, or at any subsequent general or quarter sessions (within the time limited by the said recited act) to direct and order the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of prisons, to bring up any person or persons, who was, or were, in their actual custody, on the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and upon such prisoner and prisoners pursuing the directions of the said former act, such justices may (if they see just cause) release and discharge such prisoner or prisoners from their imprisonment: any thing in this or the said former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Sheriff or gaoler sued for escape or prisoner, who had complied with the recited Act,]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any action has been, or shall be brought against any sheriff, gaoler or keeper of any prison, on account of the escape of any such prisoner so detained as aforesaid the defendant in such

408 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 19. [1756.

action, upon proof made that such prisoner had complied, as far as in him lay, with all the directions of the said act, and was detained in custody, only by reason of the said doubt, shall not be liable to answer or make satisfaction to the plaintiff,

[liable only for the estate or effects wasted or secreted since delivery of prisoner's schedule.]

to any greater amount than the value of the estate and effects comprised

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[Discharge of prisoners in pursuance of the recited act, declared to be valid.]

That all discharges of prisoners by the justices of the peace in pursuance of the herein before recited act, where such prisoners have complied with every direction of the said act, are hereby declared to be good and legal discharges, to all intents and purposes; and such justices, and all sheriffs, gaolers, keepers of prisons, and every other person or persons, acting under them, are hereby indemnified for what they may have done in pursuance thereof, in the same manner as if no such doubt had arisen.

CAP. XIX.

An act to impower justices of courts of record in cities and towns corporate, liberties and frdnebifes, to fit '1in#f'ibn

persons who shall be summoned to serve upon juric^iu'jjib court, and shall neglect to attend, .,

WHEREAS the city of London,

towns corporate, liberties wMfih tktt Ifwy-

; dm, have bp royal grants, or by certain cOWftnfttebrd

i Mdenwitbtn such cities and towns corporate, libertiesimdfwknihifts

c. reffectively, for the trial of actions and foils arising WhhtHfhe limits

orjurisdictions of such cities and towns corporate, liberties nrjfbm-ehsfts respectively: and whereas great inconvenfenttes and dehyvfne-questhy happen to the suitors in those courts, by reason thttjerftns duly impanelled and summoned te serve upon juries in jktbutemts, refuse or neglect to appear and serve whereas such inconveniencies and delays principally froeic iOOnt ef power in the judge or judges of such, to who

art mpamHed and summoned to serve upon juries, for the trial tf causes depending in such courts, to attend, or te fine them fir attending: wherefore be it enacted by the King's' most'enedfant majesty, by and with the advice and consent of tbbtortsfpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliaowm assembled, and by the authority of the same, ThatfreoFftod after the twenty fourth day of Tyrone thousand Ifevth -frundml and fifty six, every person duly impanelled and futtanbriedao p foJn serve upon any jury for the trial of arty caofe to! betned <ia- any mhntdtokrve c00'1 of record, -holden or to be holden wifhhtp4h0<fiudtehy on juiie*. not of London, or In any other cityor town corporate, "liberiesor attending, franchises, wwhrn the kingdom of Ee^/tftr/, who'fhi(lbpca<appear

and

<£&£] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 19; 409

jury (*fttrb«ing Openly called IhXeetfimOSv ^wifoienfpitttf ftwirigmMeonoathof the perfeivlb makingde-'

J find thl^i rig be<ert dilyfommorted) (hatJ forfeit and pay for every to forfeit not dbctvhisidefettk, -such fine WOt exceeding the sum of forty foil*- than* ting^ Aor left than the foot of twenty (fellings, as the judge or 1(M< qq]^ the judgsrafthe respective co«m wherein any such default shall be coert be fed*. tt«ade, fhJtll, from time to time, deem reasonable to ijnpose or fiedwith foe fttytmleftfomejuft Caufofor such defaulter's absence (heH be^"-made appear by eath orftffldavit, to the satisfaction of the judge or judged? the said respective courts wherein any such default foall front time to time be made.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pine tenable if»ny peflbrn whom any fine shall be imposed or set in pur- by distreftaad vfance!of this »ct, shall refuse to pay the same to the person &c.

\ <ip persons dfoo'shall be authorized by the judge or judges who fofclf itftfttf&br let any such-fine, to receive the same, ft Stall and tmay beiawful for the judge and judges who shall have imposed.

'HP«t Ktiy fiifo fine, and he and they is and are hereby autho-'

- rrzed attdt*equired, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their: frtnds and foals, to caafo all and every such finis which shall have been imposed or let by him or them as aforesaid, to be levied, from time to time, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of foe person or persons on whom any such fine shall, have been so imposed or let as aforesaid j and the overplus mo- Overptattobe ncy, if. any, which shall remain after payment of such fine, and retained to deducting the reasonable charges of such distress and sale, shalltae be rendered to the person or persons whose goods and chattels foallhavp been so distrained and fold,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Finctobepaifi

That every fine which shall be imposed or set in pursuance of this^J^. Oft, foall* when received or levied, he paid by the person who be applied aa

: foal! receive or levy the same, to the proper officer of the city other fine* of or town corporate, liberty or franchise, in which the court or.court* courts Was or were holden, wherein such fine so received or levied was imposed or set j to be applied to such uses, as issues set.oa jutaft, or other fines set In courts holden within fiieh city or

fiown oorpopate* liberty or franchise, are by charter, prescription: or triage applicable.

v IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action or (bit foaU be brought or commenced a* a"umfc gaiaft any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, then and in every such case, such fitit or action shall be brought pr commenced within six calendar months next after ..foe matter.complained of foall have been committed, and not.afterwards and that the defendant or defendants io every such'a&ioet, 1 shall and may plead the general ifiuc, and give this act

- and thcrlpeci*! matter in evidence, on any trial to be bad there- General LTus. upon; and that the same was dene in pursuance, and by the authority'hepeof; and if upon the trial of any such action or ac-

1 tiara, the jury foall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants or if. foe plfoitiff or plaintiffs foall become npnfuit, or "'discontinue

Doable coftt.

itoitio >vi<j«f*no wma Gsq*6H'B» o*ioa

dUMMCinnc hiaur theta aAioa or o^ttoni > or if ufawdcmurtwy jwdgmeM 'shall be given' against the pUintiff orptatartfft, defendant or defendant* shall and may recover doable'tbft$, 'a#nl have the like remedy for the faint, a» any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of (hit in Other cases by law.

- [CAt.xti

An 48 fir erecting, maintaining, and supper tinges \ _ on the island of little Cumray, in the cwntyofty the mouth of the river Clyde in North BriuteW rendering the navigation in the frith and rivejr pj more faje and commodious.

WHEREAS the entry into the river Clyde is ekfA^JLf^ gerous, whereby ships are frequently in great bo&fjqf ttfg fiipwrteked, efpenally in the night-time, which might inxgreflt tpofy Jure be prevented by a light-hou/e on thefummit or south-westen^ - the island of Little Cumray, which will be a publick benefit: whereat there are several Jboals and flats in the frith anfrider < Clyde, which if removed or marked out by beaeons, would tenderly navigation more Jafe and commodious: and whereat there is find provided for answering the purposes aforesaid: and whereas ihffaf island is the property of the right honourable Alexander earVpf Jfc. lintoun, which he holds under aJirift settlement or taiheie, wheftly be is refrained from alienating the same, or any part thereof Unfa the usual certification in such deeds offirift settlementofirntaHn^and forfeiting his right to the whole estate: and whereas the said earfjf willing that two acres of the said island ^Little Cumray, liberty and privilege of a road or passage to the Shore of the fmdyfm A Should be vtfied in truflets, for the uses and purposes herj^n qftjef^ mentioned, to be holden in feu of him, and the other beiSs of jaij^ in the said estates, on the payment of an annual feu-duty of iyvopo jfierling, and to execute such deeds as shall be thought necessyrj i purpejt, but the same cannot be dont without the oTpvtuif

runt', wherefore, may it please your most excellent Oujtify, that it may be ene&ea, &c.'^.rofTiifncrtoO

Po*flr given to the carl of tglmdtom to grant at a certain rentfc a fen-charter of two acres of land on the ifend of Little Cumray, for atftiqt alight houfli; Feu doty to descend to the heirs of Tailaie.- Fropcttytof the said two acres vetted in trefte*. Trustee* impowered to appoW pah -per officers, and to allow them salaries* also to erect a other necessary works for rendering the navigation commodieof $ and nftfi fbch-erection, to demand id* per ton from veflfeis puffing the said hoaft. Annual relit of 40s. to be paidtd the bid eari, to* d*t Of Use laid duties. Pain of 40 s* payable On anvars of the find maty^Proceedings of the trustoes, and accounts of the receipts and disburlemonti of monies, to be entered in books. Trustees impowered to Ixirrow: money for the purposes of this act, on the credit of the duties.- Vuf(tfcl>bat to be cleared at the custofn-house, till a reoeiet be produefolthat sHeld duties ate paid. Duties may be levied* by di ft refs and tide., IThe ships, &c. exempted from the dutk&Bui)diogi vetted in* and toibelrpMr ed by the trustees. Proper fire in the night season to be kept in the light houte, dec. Surplus to be applied, one fixthfbr improving the harbour of GcsenocH, and the rdkkwto the tmftxndng thS navigaunn above

Grpenock.

AnftovkjdfiMi tidfta OttflRWri i|t; vcj % f£-

Oi wmha f> Bwto teapb* aadtfnrlo tny Mutt'comjkiMt

way. civtt office's tatfUti'm

|Oimng, ilii«aaiB«vcn<u)iv

' ? z*r; zn.

jfit act for imbdnking and frebrving certain fen lands and I&w rtomdsj called The Wallies, lying and being in the f&erab bartfhes of Suttort, Mepal, Witcham, Ely,

V Witdhford, ^Wentworth, Cdveney and Downham, in the lilt dfEty, and county of Cambridge; and of Blun-tiQiam with Erith in the county /Huntingdon.

WHEREAS certain fen lands and low grounds* part of the.ylT^Jreat level of the fens, commonly called The Washcs, tying dbi bonk th the several parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, 'EIy,

Wite^ford, Wentworth, Coveney and Downbam, in the Isle of "cfyd county of Cambridge., and <a^ Bluntifhana with Eri(hr (nthecdunly /Huntingdon, containing in the whole fifteen hundred salt or thereabouts* the boundaries whereof are as follmeth \ that if td faf Beginning at a bank called The old Bedford Bank, and fi&nt thence oyer The old Bedford River, below The Nine Holes "Sluice, ri? Eatith Drove; and from thence to the said drove to the upper end if Bluntisham school ground> and across the upper end of the said school ground to The Hundred Feet, or New Bedford R*-y/fiti and from thence by the west side of the said Hundred Feet, or New Retford River, to Richard Harrison'j waft?* below Ox Willow Load, and then along the said load, to the Old Bedford Bank, and so along the east side of the said bank to The nine Holes Sluice of or esaid* are\ except certain parts or parcels thereof* which are te)rein mer aeferibei and excepted* subjtd to be overflowed by tides ^6nd fmnl fre/hes* and are in danger of being rendered ufeleft* to the great damage and impoverishment of the owners and Proprietors of such ground and to the loss of the publick; may it therefore pleat youf most excellent Majesty, that it may be cna<sted> (do*.2

Commissioners impowered to irabank the rives, andlay tunnels, mikihfe satisfaction for damages. Differences to be adjusted at the Quarter ftffi-cot. Commissioners are to meet twice a year, and make orders contending the divining and preserving the low grounds, and fa appoint proper tomeere, itfho art to give security. Where ditches shall be filled up, pofb and tails are to be eteSted. Aiv acre tat, not exceeding i s. 6d. to be dftid on the fens and low grounds, for th* two first years) and for every year after, not exceeding ti. per acre* Days for payment to be appointed* Proprietors of the crops of hay on Middle Moors, ro pay two thirds Of the tax, and the ledges one third. Commissioners may borrow sMtoey and fcfflgn over the taxes. The taxes may be levied by distress and (Me. Tenants Co pay the tax, which is to be allowed iti their relit; except where there is a lease fubfilHng of three or more years. Penalty of making a way over the washes. Owners neglecting to (hour their dikes, and lay proper tunnels, after notice, collectors may cause the same to be done, and levy the charge. Penalty of damaging the banks. For Ant of cftftrtfs offender to be committed; 'Accounts to be audited yearly$ offl-osmto Wttdnd, add verify the same on oath. Accounts when passed to he entered in two sets of books, fee. Tunnels for taking water out of the rim into the watoes, not to be laid moretbantwo feet below the furfoc£.

J > Da

4*

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

G*.deitfk, &C4 of coramUfamers, oto to be chofciu MttMhicWtem:

nuiTiopsr* npt tp exceed thirty Qner, ElcSiom to beregifore& Q^ii6^ cation of of Reservation of the rights of the coofi^rvatpn of Bedford Level. v, '

Cap. xm;

A* all for draining, and prtferving certain fen-lands- in the.Isle of Ely and county of Norfolk, Hundred Foot River and the Ouse, and«by the bard lands of Mepall, Wicham, Weritwprtfa, Wichford, Ely, Downham and Littleport; dt^ffog. iutr. powering the governor bailiffs and commonalty of fctl

pony of conservators of the great level of the finsy/fodo^.manly called Bedford Level, to fell certain lands#) within the lamts aforesaid, commonly called Ih, vest«r' Lands. .'fif

>.I tXiL-

WHEREAS certain fen lands and low grounds lying: and he^ ing in the fevered parishes of Mepall, Wicham, GoVeocy^d Wentworth, Wichford, Downham and Littleport, endisibt township of Ely in the Isle of Ely and county of Cambridge';ml also in theparijl 0/^Welney in the said isle % and county ^Norfolk*?* and <dfo in the parishes of Southery, Helgay and Denver in the find county of Norfolk; containing in the whole eighteen thousand acres*' or thereabouts, and which are bounded as follows; that is to say* From the fouih bank of New Bedford River, commonly tailed the Hundred Feet Bank, at the bottom/Mepall Green along tier edge of the said green and skirts of the high lands, to a certain place called Wxehzm Hive or Hithe; and from thence along the skirts of the hhb lands to the bottom of Wolbey Hill; and from thebceround the edge of the high lands to Grunty Fen Drain near Wichford towns end; and crojfing the said drain> along the side of the high A lands to Beale Farm at the bottom of Ely Field; and fratn jbentst-round the skirts of the high lands oft*ly and Downham to q Uriahs r place called Downham Hive or Hithe; and from thence alongiha\ side of the high lands. to Westxnoor Bridge, and fa tf/^GrdrUy;: Fen Drain to a certain place called Witches Comer; emd frwm' thence by the skirts of the high lands of Downham and Chetthhakti to the bottom a/'Chettifham Wood Closes, now called Woodhouft'. F arm; and along the bottom of the said farm to a certain houfa called Woods End House; and from the find house along the skirts efibe^ high lands to Littleport Causeway; and along the said tdufewaytor the hard lands at the bottom of Littleport Field; and then round tier bottom of the said field and hard lands ^Littleport to acertaithplaa a called Littleport Knoll, and fio round the edge of the fitid krblii-and along the skirts of the high lands to an ancient fewer y called the > Croft River; and then along the north bank of the said firuikr tar the west bank of the river Ouse, at a place called Littleport Chair $V and from thence along the said west bank of the river Oufiriv. ver Sluice; and from the said sluice along the fiouth bank Bedford River to the bottom of Mmll Green aforesaid, 'ttxcbptJhe

imbanked

1756.]; A^no vicefmJOJwno. GEOUDnII. a*. 41 f

imbmM t*mUs formerly of Edmond SkipwMi esquire {meoitfr

longing to Viner Small esquire) lying on the north side of the river

Oufc; are frequently very much annoyed with waters, through the

defc6l of their outfalls to seal ty the great damage and impoverishment,

of the owners of such lands, and of the inhabitants of the several

parishes and places where the same do lie: and whereas the said fen-

lands apdJqyo grounds cannot, he drained and preserved without the

aid of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty* that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, Toy and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ttie loVd

bishop of\Eiy far the time being, the lord or lords, lady or h- Commissionert

die* of Jeyerai and respective manors of Coventy, Lsttlepert,

ZfpttftU, fyutbfry and Denver for the time beiqg, or in their ab- }£r the feveJ^| fence, their several and respective fte wards or agents appointed places toexe-tinder their hands; an agent appointed by the dean and chaptfr, cute the ad. of Ely under their common seal; every person who for the ti*\0 being shall be, bona fide, seised or possessed in his or her owi\ rijght of mo hundred acres of land, subject to be taxed by virtue of this act, lying within the limits above described; or in the absence of such person or persons, his, her or their agent' ot agents appointed under their hands; together with five per-.

Ipns, being owners of lands lying within the township of Ely two pdfons, being owners of lands lying in the parish of Wi cham; seven persons, being owners of lands lying in the parish of Coveney; two persons, being owners of lands lying in the parish of IVichford; twenty two persons, being owners of lands lying the parish of Downham-, twenty persons, being owners 1 of lands lying in the parish of Littleport\ fix persons, being owners oflands lying in the parish of Welney; seven persons, bdpg oWndrs of lands lying in the parish of Southery; nineteen persons, being owners of lands lying in the parish of tielgay; and one person, being an owner of lands lying in the parish of Denver; to be respectively chosen as herein after is directed, shall be of to put this present act, and all the power* and authorities herein after mentioned, in execution.

ilf. And be it further ertacted, That William Cole esquire. The first com-Chartes Nalfon Cole esquire, 7^tf Morley, Jonathan Page, and John missioner*; for Drager gentlemen, shall be the first of for the faiipi*Cral township of Ely; Anthony Gregory and William Salerton. gentle-, men, shall be the first of for the said parish of Wt- cham; the reverend master Thomas Neale, George Clay, William Clay, Robert Morling, William Sanxter, William Mujgrave and Abraham Biggs, shall be the first of for the parish of Covertey; George Peacock and John Cave shall be the first of for the said parish of IVichford; Francis Topham jnd Dingley Askham dsquire, the reverend master Thomas Jones, John Lcaford,

John Ttngey, Francis Tingey, Robert AJpland, John Leaf ora iu-TMVZftVilbam Cole the elder, Anthony South, Joseph DenJlcn,

Richard //#&#, Edward Mttrtiny Robert Rayner, Ruborf, Grimditch

4*4

Their continuance.

Future of to be chokn annually.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

Grimditsh Hnibr, PheStpCaWiberne, Mitch Cole, ffWib'fk £Jthg- man seniory jtba EHtngton, Francis Moxon, Philip Nothin ilfi4 Robert Clarity shall seethe firth cpmniissioners for the raid bflfiQ % of Downhm; 'Job* PgrteHcbe efou Me/tderi, Henry

Morley junior, A/hley, Jjcn Berber, John Ldve, gen He-

men, the reverend master RictariJohn BeMt 'ReyneF? Robert Crabb senior, Robert Cretbb junior, John QutlAih, '

Clarke, Ik ilium DiHamore., Robert Staton,

Crabby Henry fPadelow, Thomas Priory Thomas Gttobed airidjrafi* Lough, shall be the first of for the fai<} pifrUh tleport; Wiliam Greaves, Mart, esquirfcs, GabitTBtotfl

Robinfm, John Scott and shall" bethe

first of for rhesaid parish of Wtlney; ltyjto* Burdet baronet, Aunger Peacock'edapsnt, yohn WaMingtc/n, Henry Robinson, Abraham Murphet, Gregorand

shall be the first of for the said parish of SotttBeHH Sir Cecil I Pray baronet. Sir Thomas Drury baronet, binfon Morris, Henry Morley, Matthew Wildbore, Thorhai dington and Edward Pratt, esquires, George'WlUiem

Galloway, Isaac Cockram, Thomas Wafenham, Eatbn, 'Chrid

fopher Galloway, Henry Mayer, Robert Feast, Henry Tanffey,

Whitred, Wiliam Nix and George Sottth, shall be the first commissioners for the said parish of; and the reverend'$<3

mud Sedmm, D. D. shall be the first commissioner for the iahfc parish of Denver: and that the said persons (half continue doits* missioners for the said towns and parishes respectivefv, until the Friday after the second Sunday in the tnonth of April ohp thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and that bll such pet-fons as are bona fide seised or pofrcfled in theirbwn rights Or tejjr acres of land, subject to be taxed by Virtue of this acts, lyirt within the said township of Ely, shall meet at theftnre-hdiV in Ely-, and all such persons as are side' seised oTpofien in their own right, of ten acres of like taxable lands, lying iff't several parishes of Mepals, Wcham, Coveney, Wentworth, WtclR

ford, Downbam, Littkport, Welney, Southery, Helgay and Denver?

respectively, shall meet in their respective parish chuwh^s, upfetj? the Friday next after the second Sunday in the month of jprtlyw rite year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty fa- yen, and upon the Friday next after the second Sunday in AftU m every succeeding year; and shall choose so many perforts: ttf be of for the said towns and parishes respectiveijv as are herein before appointed to be of for thdfiuZP towns and parishes respectively: and in case the persons whef are to choose of for the township of or for an|> of the parishes aforesaid, shall neglect to meet in any year at the1 time appointed for such elections, or shall not choose coihmiffipw: nera accordingly, then the persons who were commissioners raP the said township or parish in the preceding year, shall cehtinW of for the same, until other commissioners1 be jehofen as aforesaid, upon the Friday after the second 'in Aprilinthenextor same focceedbig'year, -"vnulJ V-: 10

iy$60 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. ct-aaA 414

III. Provided atway*, and be it further enaffirdy That ndTh^ir qualifl-jusrfonfhalf be enabled to.ad, fit or meet u a oonunHBomr for catlon' afiy of jfe* porpefes of thiraft, unle&be shall be thereat owife or of twenty acres -of - liketaxable lands, within the said fmS and lata grounds, boundedapd described as aforesaid; except das said loed tnflKip of f^,; and the lord or lords, lady or ladies, 06 Exception, the several and respectWe manors of Cwauy, littleporty UpwtH and Sofitbtrj^ for the time being, or his, her or their respectivo lie wards or agents, the agent ^of the dean and chapter of Efyi and the-foverai and respective agents of such persons as shall be possessfedofrwo hundred acres of taxable lands as aforesaid, and fbmaoneof the trustees of the poors land belonging to each of the tawnaof E!)Wtinty^ and Htlgoy respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, Commission-or their succest>rs, or any thirteen or more of them, shall twicoers to meet m every year, to wit, upon the last Wednesday in Jpril> and lift1 wicein e.vtIT IfodntjdtyinOtttbtr, or ofiner, as they fee eause, meet affome|^a^r* publrckHouse in Ely-, Covtnty, Dntmbntn tht IJU, Uuleptrt or flelgeyi to be appointed by the said of, or any thir*< teen or more or them; the first general meeting to he at thoFirftgeaerd shirg-house in Ely, upon the tiut& Friday after the passing of this aeeting. act; and at Aich meeting shall have full power and authority to ipake orders, and give diredhons, for the better and mare om derly management of the work of draining the said fans and loaf grounds, and for making proper cuts, drains, dams, tunnels and outlets through the lame, and for making and eredtingptou pec works and engines thereupon, and for the maintenance thereof & and also to appoint one or more collector or coUe&oesv receiver or receivers, or such other proper officer or officers, a*Commission-they thp said of shall think fit, for taking care- of er?i*o., ppoinj % h W9flo, and for collecting the rates or afldfiaients which other officer* Ipall be made or assessed for the maintenance thereof) and to

adlow and appoint to be paid 10 such officers^ out of the&id) i^tes and afieffmeats, such yearly or other wages and falariesy for their trouble and pains in their respective offices, as the said of* or any thirteen of them present at such meeting, shall think reasonable; which. Ibid.olledtov or collectors, re-: who are to be ceivetor receivers, or other officer or officers, to be appointed' as removable, aforesaid, maybe altered and removed at the wiU and plea faro of the hid of, or ahy thirteen of them assembled at: fuph.meeting or meetings- to be held as aforesaid, and another qt others cholen and appointed in, his or their room and dead, as occasion shall require \ and such oolkdlor or collectors, re- atuj to driver or, receivers, to be named and appointed as. aforesaid* security. Istall, before- they act in- theexecution of them several offices, -give such security for the due execution of such their respectives offices, and for performing rite fevered trusts to them coromittod^ as- the said of, ofay thirteen of them then pne&oty, dull; k>-theirdiftretion think fit: .: 'v

;, Vr Apd; be U. -fuftherentuSed* That the said; of, x^ommission -or any thirteen or more of thedj, or their Jucoefihcs, Quiii bat^rs impowered !»LWot«I IU'full to make cun.

n: > rnuio 1.*3f Jllturt, n > vj

4*6

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c.

damages;

take deter-

&c\*: IJrdR fuss power and authority, from timefd time be droning the an<* pl*3ftnres, to make such cuts, drains, damk, 1 lands. lets, through the said fens and low grounds, W 2

' 6f, so bounded and described as aforesaid, amf wja works and engines thereupon, for draining and W ' ' Waters from the same, as shall bethobgbt v, ^r

venient, by the said commissionens, or any tftirred^ p? them, at the meeting or meetings to be hrMarffen^ appointed for the purposes aforesaid.; ter, svjuI pnt

Satisfaction to

VI. Provided always, Thar if the said conrmiffioc be made for make, or cause to be made, any cut, drain, dam, "

let, through any several grounds, or ere# any tttw works thereupon, then they (half pay a reasonabJtjaS to the person or persons who hath or hate a rigtti^ so fcf^fe i through which such cut, drain, dam, tunnel pr made, or whereupon such work or works, engiqe shall be fere#ed, for the damages such person or peribof i fuftairi, and as shall be agreed upon between the &kfqoth( sioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and the jjetfon^p persons having such right as aforesaid; and if the firitfttfolfmj wined, in case sioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and ' such p ot difference, persons> cannot agree about the amount of such d^ma ^ffiVns?Uartei tJien the ^amc shall Be assessed, adjudged, and finally det

by the justices of the peace, or the major part of them, at 1 next general or quarter session of the peace to be hchfjbrt said Isle of Ely, or county ^'Cambridge. ft

VII. And whereas a considerable part of the said fmdhi&a0g low grounds, lying near the skirts of the high lands, are rrmhedgketf^ in their situatitmfhah the rest, and if the sewers lie in common, apprehf tided, may he ntade too dry, by such- time as the lewtjft I are ivtll drained; therefore for avoiding this inconvenience, it further eftatfed/ That it shall be lawful for the said comttjril

__________ (toners, or any thirteen or more of thero, to ere# such l__________

prevent the or overfalls, at proper places, in the drains and dike^leadinif hich^andi* rom t*1anc^s> as they the said of shall; iir from being difererion, judge necessary to keep up a sufficient head of wateav mo dry. - for the service of such bordering lands. >c*t$f

Commissionert

VIII. And be it further en*£te\ That at all and every dr mflF* impoWered to such meeting or meetings to be held as aforesaid, it shall belaW^' lay a tax for ful for the said of, or any thirteen or more of rheifffi draining the to 2fkfo, rate, tax and charge, all and every the respective owMft or owners, occupier or occupiers, of all and (itigular the £m fen lands and low grounds, so bounded and described3 aforesaid, by an equal and proportionable tax, in any fate or fiItWgf not exceeding one shilling per acre for each year, for cattyfrijir on and effe#ing the said work of draining and maintaining them same, and to limit and appoint such certain days and* place*for the respective payments erf such tax to the colfoftor or colle^iwr receiver or receivers, for the time being, as they the said do*n$ niifTtoners, or any thirteen or more of them, under theirhatrfi^ shall dire# and appoint, ^\'*V

Provihon to be made to

lands.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c*ap*; +tf

!& Tiyi(Ud« I way, tort he. it eoacted, That the tax. lb to 84*

be and charged, Dull not be less than eight pence P"*41

per.aa* in eaph year, until all the money which shalT be bor- bwrowed'ha*flQiraj faE^e-purposesaf this a< %, with the interest thereof, pul shall be dischargea.

X. Bjcnvided. always. That no assessment, rate or fax, shall ProyMbtoneti-b«'m*fe, coIU&ed or levied, upon any lands, being part of the inK common* kuvU-Mitnded and described as aforesaid, which are high lands,

hd have not been subject to inundations; and that no alTeff- Latidtex-SWBfe rate or tax, shall, during the first five years after the ^P*1 _for*maxing of this act, be made, collected or levied, upon any lands cert*m erm* withia the limits 'above-mentioned, which are now so dug out into boda'tK turf pods, so as to be atpr?sent of nouse; neither other lands frail aqy ifleffinent, rate or tax be made, collected or levied, exempted upon itho imbankad lands of John Parteruhe, esquire, known by the name of Willow Raw Farms; nor upon the imbanked lands of Jtku Piit, esquire, called The Chain Farm in Uttleport aforesaid»- for so long time only as the owners or occupiers of those lands cdpc&ivdy shall keep and maintain the respective

banks no* kept and maintained by them, of a sufficient height tP.keep the watejra (except such. waters as shall overflow by a 1

btfarh of the corporation banka) draining from the lands which 1

are defended by the said banks, from overflowing into the lands without the bid banks.

-XL Provided aUh, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissionert pomniiSoncra to make any aits, drabs, dams, tunnels-or out-lc(i, through the said imoanked lands of John Parteriche, or

Pile, acquires; or to tre& any work or engine thereupon, they shall be y for Co longtime as the owners or occupiers of those lands shall kept imbank-keep and maintain their rcfbe6Uve banks aforesaid.

JCIL Provided always, That no tax shall be assessed, rated or High leads charged upon the bordering or other high lands, particularly XCfnPtod* de&nbed in the schedule to tbs ad annexed; but all such lands shall be for ever exempted from all taxes to be assessed, rated or charged* tqr virtue of this act.

XXII. And whereas in the said schedule all lands may not be pifpute eon- f included that ought to be exempted from such taxes; be it fur- ceroing the * enacted, That if any dispute shall arise concerning any of lds» such lands (not mentioned in the said schedule) being to be^c^, deemed or not deemed high lands, the same shall be determined, mi.T»oners* upon view, by thirteen or more of the said of.

JXi V. And whereas there is a certain tragi of fen land lying within the township of Ely, parcel of the within described difirift, containing by estimation three hundred and ten acres^or thereabouts, which is coiled The Poors Lands, and made use of only by the poor inhabitants f the parishes of Trinity and Saint Mary's in Ely, for the purposes of fuel, who dig their winter's firing the rein, and have so done for near one hundred years last pajl: and whereas the charging the feud lands with such tax, as is herein imposed on other kmdff Comprised within the difirift^ ate hereby taxed with, would be taxing them more than they are al>le to pay, prevent them from the

<^03m XXL E e enjoyment

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. icannK [rn$5&

evjojmtMif ftmiujjtoj d rtiitly an&mi*» tbt>misty}

Moiety only of duflrioui ptor fomiiit; it iS'hefetyfurtHer«nacto4^ Tmhf'WWi u- mhfiotiers under rtos u£t (halinttfcflay otJitttpbfe) lAONM^ttt

bail the tax on the &id laftds, whkhthey Uy or^pofeoh'Otbar lands wkhin the distri<& ]*:IJ !J'k-

i XV. AttdwJjsreafdivtrs ptrftot li&vt bm WthMtpmttBf banking fivtrai lands w 'ub'in the iMktafbrffotdi^ far draining the famr; therefore foCcftfeteftffiotiof*such^eWpc^ctfi be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tf all (W

nelson their persons having such banka and milts, 4hali at the first^iTeefc^ lands, furren- meeting of the commissioners for putting this dering the Surrender up and resign to the fold commiQlohetBy altfilldttfthil*

exempt- or miUs as to them respectively ' belong, ta bewldwdt^m^alrf«°ra e jifpogjj of by the fakt commHfidners, toward* carry iHg' «hi

work of draining the said fen land*, bourxtedurid wdribd^W aforesaid, any such person or persons so delivering or mills, shall be freed and discharged from any ta^Wl^iftf^ posed upon the lands ib imbanked and milted 'bf vrflu^'if; tfcfa aft, for the first: five years after the same takes ilfo

that certain loir lands in Pymaor, belonging to ftfiHmWit&vtkflfy containing one hundred and < fourteen acre % 1 at: thetouoob* (which have been dug out info turf) (hah bc exempte^ frdttr such, taxes as aforesaid, during the said term of ftW^e&r*. rball

XVI. And to the end that a sufficient fom of^OW^Whjyb^ spefedily raHed for the piarposes of this act; be it forthel^ea^bdil Taxes assign- That the said of, or any thirteen w*niBte bP able formoncy shall have full power and authority, from to be borrow- ing un<jer their hands and seals, to assign ovir^the^feklT^rt^ " rates and taxes hereby chargeable, or to

said fen lands and low grounds, so deferrbed every or any part thereof {xht ccfts and Charges1 ment to be paidoUt of the said' ta*)S afocOvity'^fc^y mi1 or soma of money by them to be botrdwCdfo# the! gjiShrofe^-foresaid, to such person or persons, <st -iftiteh-advance or lend the same, to fecute th* repayment interest, not exceeding legal ititerect; which feSd dftbhef so'ber*1 Application of rowed, shall be applied, in the^first place, ^olpay'and^eiftSrfY(# empney.^Spences-of obtaining this act of parliament, ! arfd tlfefci1(mw'

*'*( be applied and disposed of in making such cuts1,

'tunnels and outlets, and eroding foth works arid*Jbrt^ineS^iS1 shall be necessary for draining and improving the 4& low grounds4 before-mentrondd, and to no cihtr use^r^r^fe^ whatsoever.^"'* riiin iU

the tax to be laid on the Poors Lands.

Persons hav-

banks and

tax for five years.

Low lands in Pymoor exempted for the said term.

Taxes to be

XVII. And be it further enfacted, That if anypeHbhJCfrjf)a^ levied in de- fone, rated and taxed as aforesaid, shall refute pr'tit^e&^te1 fault of pay- .^y tfoe, ^te of tax charged opbtl him, her or thefo

8 ly, within the space of twenty one days after the fest^ftfv^ffiileftc

of payment, to be appointed^ the fekl <x>tTmrtfflfoneW^tiblibkfe notice thereof behtg affixed upon the market crofi? the cdledor or eollo&ors, receiVer^or rece^vier^HW^ being) it shall be lawful for such eblledor or coiledtors, receiver

or

4*9

igma. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. aai

or for any other pverfpps, by virtue of any warrant of precept, judder the bands and feate, of five or more of the.com* nii£pOltr»T ( which Cud warrant or preempt such of, f

#ny five C^okm* of them* thereby impowered and require 1 u.

id, from time to time, to make, as occasion shall require) to

ie. vy the futaor Aims so assessfed and rated upon any goods and chattels which shall bye found upon all or any of the grounds and prjeaaifie&fp charged with any such sum or Turns of money, and

: b^ gpods^and chattels fodifirained to keep by the space of five '

days, ptj the eoflbs and charges of the owner or owners thereof and if J^/aijdpwne* or owners shall not, within tl)e said space af, five d?y$s pay the ftimior lams So assessed or rated, that then gn<*k ao4iCbattels so distrained shall be appraised by two or pnoro <of the inhabitants of the parish where the same shall be Utfceu), or by other sufficient persons, and shall be sold by the £fidiCo|lq<star>or cojle&orjs, receiver or receivers, for payment of the (aidjtnoney, and the overplus (if any be) coming by such Calc, (after, the sum or sums so rated and assessed* and the charges of faking* keeping and felling the salt) distress, are deducted j

(halh b$ returned to the owner or owners thereof, upon/demand; and the several and respective tenants of all and fiqgular the said Tax to be paid fen lands and low grounds, so bounded and described as afore- bytbetennnii* said, which shall be assessed or rated by virtue of this act, are outo^their hereby required and authorized to pay such sum and sums of relit. niopeya as shall be so assessed, rated and charged upon such fen lairdsand low grounds, and to dedudoutof the relit so much lu^y^r of the said.assessment or rate, as the said fen lands and low ^rQuudsy or the tenant or tenants in respect thereof, shall be af- )r, -r'^feffad or rated at; and the landlords, both mediate and name- "

diahC, .»cccurdinglo their lyspective interests, are hereby required to afiow such deduction and payment, upon receipt of the re-fid ue of their relit; and every tenant paying such aBeffinpnt or ra, tcs, u(hajfi^be acquitted and discharged for so much money as the fai4 assessment or rate shall amount unto, as if the famehad bf#n a$i$ally paid to the person or persons intitled to the relit of n

such, lajp4s an4. grounds, except where there is a Jcafe of three or npore years, tp come from the commencement of this act; in 1h which case thp proportion of the assessment or rate, which the lease, tertitoc r tenant o.ygbtfo bear and pay, in confederation of the benefit he to W, n receive^ by j such kafe, shall be adjusted and awarded by thirteen PorUun# or more of the commissioners for putting this act in execution.

XyjII^PrpVKkd always, and \t is hereby further enacted, Lanfls unoc-That in case any of the said fen lands or low grounds shall at cuPltf<hto rc; any fime^b^easter be untenacted or unoccupied, so that no fuf- j* ficient distfds can be found whereon to levy, the said rates and, »ent of the; taxes* iMp the lands and grounds charged with the said fates tax.'and shall always remain a security for payment thereof; '

and all goods and chattels which shall at any time thentfter be found upon such lands or grounds, shall and nwy be distrain- cdrk^jiaj^T^ftd andfold, in manner aforesaid, until all ar-. .£ c*react.

Annp Tied! mo nono GeqRGII H. C. ii. r [1756.

rears of the said rates and taxes find the charges of such distreii shall be fully paid and satisfied..W T

Proviso touchy

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thai; it fha£ ing arable «n<A may be lawful for William Gotiefiqbirej owner of-certain a" up0^>0le inibanked Lands in Tyrnccr, which pave been dug. ypjn, tQtvn,

dug up i

turf.

Cofle&ors to

containing one hundred and fourteen acres, PXthereafoutjs* and likewise for the worlhipfill Francis Tcf&am>&Q&ot or % yv*, leflec under the right reverend the lordbifhpp $ Bin of^fprt^iii trad of imbankea lands called The fiyf belying under t>ov^nham feri, and for their respective heirs, executors, aamlnish^torsan^act^nsj at their own proper charges and expences, topiaintaln at|d continue such banks as are now finding, for the prefenrat£pndf the said lands; and atfo to maintain and work opt mill or engine bn each of tYie said tracts of land, for throwing o^, t&e/waters tovyards the outfall, in like manner as they hiv& Here)cofor* done; and also for the owners and occupiers of such obherparts of the said fen lands comprised wkhin the cfiftriftint^pdwftobe drained by this act, as are arable, anTd produce winter cgqpft or have actually been dug up into turf, to er^ft horse.mifcy^ o ther small engines thereon, in order to drafin such landsfa to preserve the said crops, and to render the lands ful, and for no other purpose whatsoever. lc v--v:

w XX. And be it further enacted, That if the owper: or wwn-fcoiir outrings era, occupier or occupiers of any of thfe said feti lands, to iwiich and dikes, andny outringor divhion dike doth or shall belong, hatfC or have lay sufficient ghed, or shall fill up, or make any, way*>ver th?, j&me^ wrirfjotit wayn*made tying a sufficient tunnel under it, or tfiaUneglea or refuse fuf-over them, the ficiently to rode, scour, cleanse, open or repair, fiicK outring or owners ne- division dike, after twenty one days notice given to him/hfr or glecting so to them, for that purpose, by the collector or coflcftorSk jj^xyer °* or receivers, for the time being, appointed by virtue pt

then it shall be lawful for such collector of cc3l^p^, % re^yv'ctf receivers, to cause such dike to bp roded, scoured.^ P^nfed, in a sufficient manner j and where there Vnot z Charges to be net under such ways, to cause those ways to betaken up, 7nnd levied upon made so wide and deep as the dike ought to be jandby; waprsuit t e ownen or Qr preCept un(jer the hands and Teals of thirteen or motp of the said of (which warrant or preceptTuch 'cQC^rgfmiw-ers, or any thirteen or more of thm, arp herety imjMweroq^ requited, from time to time, to make, as occauoh jCHall rpaipre) to levy the charge thereof upon the goods and chattels ^p owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, by distrelsj^d^fc of his, her or their goods and chattels, upon the ground and premises to which such dike or dikes, way or ways, doth' or do, 'or shall respectively belong (over and ^bove the Qthet rates and taxes chargeable or tof be charged upon the said gro^pd andpre-misses by virtue of this act) gendering the pvcrplp$ ^ifany) to such owner or owners, occupier or occupiers r^j^ftively, Wien demanded, after all charges paid.

XXI. Prpvlded always; and 'it further wju thoriiy* aforefija^, Tl>at tf ^ynicfnctpr tunpelj*

occupiers.,

Relations,

t>, i

J11ZX y the

AHf°'

takmj

dCtflei 1 t*y cfifT 'rm OWj ih^ma

56]] jASmOi CS^c^&ii-'IT. 'fc« 'af±^r 4^1

taking Wartir'out of lire river10//^, or the hundred f: t river, the the laying of bottom qffuph tunnel or tunnels, for taking water out of thetunuc, s* kttnd?iJ: fM rVair[ ftialf nbtat afiy time be laid more than three fetTl&lw ffteTprfoce or levef of the adjacent ground; and the BtfttdirVrl^such'tt3Tinel brtuhnils, for taking water out of t!ie iri Yer 'Oiflr^ ffiSlrnr6t ifV^timb'be laid more than two feet be-ToWthtlarfiice or level' of the ^diacent ground: and if any per-fpn WaffTiJ \he bottorhrjof|atr y such tunnel lower than three or Penalty on not two as afdrielaid, below the surface or level of conforming.

tfteadjadeBj: ground, and (hSallfcij[awfullyconvicledthereof, before i^yjullfce of the peace of ttie courifv or place where such offence flialf'W committed, he or fife lb offending shall for every such forfeit to the use of the person giving information there'll bfTive pounds for every such offence, to be levied aty<!Tale of the offender's goods and chattels, by war-fthe Jiaod and seal of the justice before whom he or fefrconviftbd as aforesaid.

V. XJf PF. ^And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- penalty upon: fons shalljrit.abytime or times hereafter, wilfully or maliciously gerions cut* i cut, thro^!8oWd or destroy any of the banks, works or engines r, nS JovvJJ or 1 so^O'b^madk or erected as aforesaid, or by any ways KmdjstI banks^or other obstruct or lay Open any of the cuts, drains or other works to be wtHk*Sffelfbr^drAtmngW improving the said fens or low grounds as 1 'ifdrdfald. and shall be thereof convicted upon oath before two of the peace for the said Isle of Ely, if the offence shall be xbaiittiltted1Nothin the said isle, or before two justices of the peace tai tftd fold'bounty of Norfolk, if the offence shall be committed Tin^tHd said County; every such person so convicted shall forfeit Ifvefy such offence the sum of one hundred pounds, to be le-1 dSilfrtfs and sale of the goods and chattels of every such

fOffeWdfcr or offenders, by warrant under the hands and seals of \r\S? fwbdf she said justices before whom such conviction shall be be employed and laid Out in carrying on the works and Ifft^rbvements in and upon the said fens and low grounds where fftich is or shall be Committed; and for want of such

ainrdfs, such offender or offenders shall by the said ju-Jftlcik 'be commirted to the common gaol of the said Isle of Ely, l on^.^coorrfy^Of Norfolk, for any time not exceeding twelve fons burning ^V^nPWs^aFihe discretion of the said justices: and if any person or destroying ^peribire mail wilfully or maffcioufty set fire to, burn or other- engines, vrire deftrb^ any of the said engines to be erected as aforesaid,

*and 'heHJrerCof lawfully convicted, such person or persons shall b^adjud^d' guilty of felony, and shall be subject and liable to £tiiC> liltS pains and penalties as in cases of felony, and the ^chufr, bt or before whom such person or persons shall be tried, shall ancf have hereby power and authority to transport such fe-}oo$ for seven years, in the like manner as other felons arc directed to be transported by the laws and Statutes of this realm.

XXIII. tAnd to the end it may appear clearly, what money Accounts to has been, raised from time to time, by virtue of this act, and be examined -that the ownert and occupiers of the said feri lands'and low anwwliyty " -'E e 3 grounds

I?*

47 2

fhc commissioner* upon oath.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. cPSS/1 C*75

grounds may be satisfied that the Money so t'aiftd'lhas betty iSoly applied; be it further enacted, That once in everjr Ofi.onc of the days herein before appointed for the^meeting of the said cpoimissioners, inspection shall be had by the said comitiifEbri-. ers, or any thirteen of them, of the receipts: tod dr^rfcfnents of such money as shall have been raised by virhieofthtiaCf f' to the twenty fifth day of March then next preceding; ' ancfafl accounts relating to the same, shall be then or within1 tjtti days after, made up and settled by the said commi/Soiiers, dbr-any thirteen of them, then assembled at such their meeting aS iitfore-laid; at which time the collector or collectors/ re&fae^rxe-ceivers of the said rates and sums of money to hi raitSdVi^forr-feid, are hereby required to attend with proper borfks^rac-counts of their receipts and «disbursements, and all vk{i€h&iJot the same; and upon consideration and examination $hW, ebif % p-on qath to be administered by one of the said coptniffiKftert (which oath any one of the said of is hereby 4m-f powered to administer) the said commissioners, cri" atanf tfnrteen

of them, are hereby impowered to allow and pass tnefind accounts, as they shall think fit, or such part or parts Or thfe same, as they shall see just and reasonable; and such account o^accounts, or such part or parts of them, as shall be so alidyrea* to the said of, or any thirteen of them, under: ffcrtr hands, shall be fairly entered in two several books to fcefcept for that purpose, one whereof shall remain with the* fifld0 of, and the other in the parish church of thd 'ffiftYri-Two books of flity in £fy J and the said books shall and may be infip^M^and them to be perused at any time, at reasonable hours, by any gerion xn per-kept, and in- Tons requiring the same (being an owner or owners ipe^ad^mis. |*aij fcn and jow grounds! without fee of atw^cfilier reward.

Aikw^nqeio

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further be made to That towards defraying the expences of the said chi^iffloneTi, commission rrs upon account of their attendance at any of the mpetin^; rb be held as aforesaid, for putting this act in execution, one (lulling, and no more, shall be paid by the collCCTpi^a^jrq-ceiver of the said rates and taxes, to each of the said ers present at any such meeting, and shall be allowed in the ae-, counts of such collector or receiver, as so much motfey^did'fdr the purposes of this act, so that the whole expence, at aiiyofie meeting, shall not exceed the sum of twenty shillings; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding* Clausetofave

XXV. Provided also, and it is hereby further fcnaftfed, That the rights of this act, or, any thing herein contained, shall not extend Of be construed to extend, to impower the said comthfifliotters appointed for putting this act in execution, to have? use Or exercise any power or authority over, or to interMcdidl? with any of the banks, (ewers, drains or works already made. Jar here-

after to be m^e by the governor, bailiffs and cotttMonSiI^y of the company of conservators of t^e great l, evej <rf t-

pi did/ord Level) by virtue of ap act made in tfoiifUcMn stir

the Bedford level corpora tiou.

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 22., 4«

of the reign of Kiqg. Charles the Second, intituled,

'tefc MYf 'w % $t vLb* W-'-JPK <-

Lfycl, qr m p([any ptrter act or Statute whatsoever, or ft) 1 inya^tfo, away^ftydPtfre rights,

ycW, !^ the said governor, bailiffs and' c^nfiipona^y^, oiri in thb said governor*, bailiffs and conservators, ' but. wit} ^1 rjehjs, powers, ^pcf authorities whatsoeves, which by* ^rti^e|'ott^cilaid^a<ft>l^de]m tjfc fifteenth year of the feign of King ([harks thre, Second^ or any other act of Statute whatsoever, i^y, are\eftlpdlb jlie said governor, bailiffs and commonalty, or }n th^i^governor, bailiffs and conservators, or any of them, ' py^r^eVeafter remain, continue and be in the said go-vcrnoi;, ^afly^zfid! conampnalty, and in the said governor, conservators', and every of them, as fully and amjpi^tp^l intents and purposes, as if this act had never been

i^!^i*oviJed also, and It is hereby further enacted, That Corporation to tnc7Aid governor, bailiffs and commonalty, shall keep and maintain the naaintam the /outh bank of the hundred foot river, and the West th^hu^ndrtd b^j^ of the river Cto/r, in like manner as they have hitherto foot river, and done, % 'west bank of

JX^CVr^ "Provided always, and It is hereby further enacted, the 0ufc* ijTbat Joiner $w7/esquire, his heirs or assigns, being owner or Proviso con-pwnerj oflthe imbanked grounds, late of Edmund Skipwith e- cerning the f(^Ire, befd^ mall not at any time hereafter, run off, mban|c*

tire waters from the said imbanked grounds, through runnels or viner Snull, ^nc^ite, into the lands intended to be drained by virtue of this esq j*[su& ^nt[ shall keep and maintain the banks round the said ^fmnds*qrffie same height and strength they now are.

Provided always, That nothing in this aeft con- ', m

tamed (naff extend, or be construed to extend to deprive the 1

owners a^ of lands and commons lying in GrmU continued* to

*4&nP of the drains they have hitherto had and enjoyed, and stifl the of#pirt>A [.do enJPyV for running off the waters of the said ten, through tort.

fG runty Fen t)rain, towards the outfall. .'r

-pjffi-L 'Aniwhwiby the said afrofKing, cw*, j'

JChfltle^ toe Second, tt uja$ amongst other things, enabled, Thai the governor, bailiffs and conservators of the great Intel, Should have f^uuer io lay taxes upon the ninety five thou find acres of land (allotted ^Ofaaxccompence for the draining tf the said great level) for the fnp* forfi, maintenance and preservation of the said great hvel, and to levy the same with penalties for non-payment-, and that the said governor y 1 b$iff]fiand conservators, shouli have poxver to fell so muct\ or such ^arty onf proportions of the said ninety five thousand acres, upon

Wfich any tax Should be in arreeir, or penalties, in fitch proportions as.:

Jsaid governor, bailiff's and conservators Should judge to be fitffdctent*>

f p rtfjfe such taxes andpenalties: and wherias fevcrtil parcels of the*;

[field ninety five thou [and acres of land, lying within (he said difirifl, ^fio^ndefibnd fiejerihd qs a for csaid, ivere'at different times put up to

4*4 Osoasfiilifr/cinsiV [r

State of the /twntiebbyedr fifthesaid King, itakukdjAwwSk for1 % fMe^t*9*IX inverted lands ^{Jeffing of the lands of the adtentweri whhhfthegi\^tle^dt Sd district" ^he Sms, in order to 'waft thttajeermdfanakifi 4ud

belonging to in respect of the said tends > butthdfatoe niihi* tbMfif^tfivfinpbvift the corpora, taxes and penalties due thtiwt, suchiandscokli net bhfiutfb'ds thrjfft tiop9such penalties and taxes; <vi dim vajdgovertje, <iMifi) aftdxomfirr^ifi* to.a. c. 8* having dirtBed their officers^fc*Mfne to tbmefti % ti ]

lands as could not bs fold for the afiioanttf thetaxh audpohnlifiesm^ spectively due thereon, they the said officers hffdm the^ putdbiffa off such lands, and have either- conveyed ebb* same Act the^foid govosmotni, bailiffs and commonalty, or declared futh pterthafis tfi hmtefci* fifitfe in trufl for the said corporation; and thit lands fapvnbti&BemA toW Jmce such purchases respectively madedhercof, rtmdktedxtySld: iti it* said corporation, and been called in veiled Lands, tmddr&to&b&nbm» nually rated and affiffed to the taxes laid upon the fold dieted fiefrtbtlt-sand acres, according to their respectwt proportions, in puifbane? said acts of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Chirks hut such taxes not having been raisid or paid, the (dii^cynpbriMn have, from time to time, left such inverted lands, fir such partsitbedfi -of as they could find tenants for, at such rents as toiddbe offictmekbfir the same; but the profits aetfing from the lands so iHt, bfaj#ibe*epj small and imonfidtrakle, and much hfs than the taxes thdtk oobitbfi&h.lands have been Affiffed: and whereas the said governor, batiiffedgd tonftractors, apprehending it would be for the benefit Qfjbtf&dxfi?-poradon, that such imefied lands JboM be sold, dischargechtf the &-rears of taxes which had been affiffed thereon, but subjetl-anaHaple 4* Recital of a- fifo mQnner as the rest of the said ninety five thousand Acres), tu bhe wthMrRo- u* Pr d* future, by virtue of the'find d&s dpithe

hinfon Morris, fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second, did itmaffibe and the duke hundred and sixty eight acres of the said inveflti kmdi, filkjfwtbin of Bedford and Jjffri8 herein before described, to be put up to pabftt&fai^Ad of ithe inveied Matthew Robinson Morris esquire, being the best bidimf^che lands. same, at the fumefone hundred pounds, the said corpomtsit fihormeffin

agreed with the said Matthew Robinson Morris fob thefdfififathe iS\'said five hundred and sixty eight acresfar the said Jam tffmrfikntjfikd .; pounds, difibarged of the arrears of taxes which had beyrt obfr&d

thereon before the first day of April one thousand favtebhkndr)fdokd fifty four, and sublist to future takes \ and wo mft'uabltfyoh&Me Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury baronet, Matthedr Wfidbowwd Thomas Waddingtan esquires, having delivered ptopVfififfa the said corporation far the purtbaft of one thousand five hundred^)# and twenty perches of the said invefitd lands (being thi befidueefrbt f said inverted lands lying within the find drftriB) atiht phdififfiOie

thousand pounds, and such proposals having been pfebli/ked in the sub-lick news papers, and notice having been thereby gvvtn, ihiiAmsaid corporation were ready to treat with any per fins, who JbttildbfifibiUing to give moreUban the said fturn of one thousand pounds* fid the said lands, and no person having offered so much as the said fiem'oficfise y/, -, fihtufand pounds for the same, the said corporation M'agtehvoitkni o

f.said John duke ^Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury, Mattie* Wiid-Jxirc> and Thomas Waddington, fmthe jhkfifehfi JwdTfuett&bu-..find

GaoiusMiEL^coaa/ m

fdmdfeim.dmkif^hcrmiandhmaiyrurchn ^, v>/, Tt '

Jw4#rkiirfr $nA\thmfmd pomi^Jdfdargei of allarrenrs d'J&mt,

Whichrtr+9fKtyn*> htfhre the conveying of fuse lands /bail havi hetn jf.; .*charged theteen, and subject to future Janes: andwhireqsitAvill he /-- (

/Jr A hwtfkof the said corporation, that the taxi govemor^baiUjfs ^"*J

andcemtenally, Jbonfd ho impowersi to fell tht.fnd invoked lands, t j t v /^4\fekargUof the arum of Urns, auording to the agreements entered iooi<Kax, ofor^faU\>an it therefore.further enabled, Thatit shall be Corporation i^wfiiMoc the iakl governor, bailiffs and conservators, or anyi^powerod ^ca ot taoreof them, whereof the said governor or bailiffs, or j conj|/*M&y of rbem, to be two, to grant or convey*under the seal ofjj^ged of ar-thft fowl0o*p6mipo, the said five hundred and sixty eight acres rears of taxes, isxvtff^ Unds^ to the/aid Matthew Robinfm Morris, and thepurfuant to seven hundred acres and twenty perches of theagrac-in^tM foods to the said John duke of Bedford, Sir Thomas*1*9 Dru^Jtfaitbew Wildbor$, and Thomas Waddington, freed and ddchirgfed of and from the taxes which have been rated or af-jWfadlo. the said inverted lands, by virtue of the said ad of -tacf fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other ad or 4^fees ifwHttacnt now in being, relating to the said great level, according to the before recited agreements made by the said cor- pftrttise* With the said Matthew Robinfm Morris, and the said John duke <of Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury, Matthew Wildbore, and Thomas Waddtngton; and such grants and conveyances so made, Audi be good and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said lands had been sold at the shire-house in Ely, for non-payment of taxes, pursuant to the T

said acts of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second* before the said lands became inverted.

v.

XXXI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained

viba)l extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said 1>l J

cpfppration to discharge the said inverted lands, or any part.., V,

thereof, from any rates or taxes, which the same frail hereafter;

he liable to bfe rated or assessed with, by virtue of the said ad of...dir

\ the fifteenth of King Charlesthe Second, or any other ad orcharge them'. aAi of parliament whatsoever, but that the said invested lands from future shall be liable to he rated and assessed in the same manner as they taxes*

Were before the making of this act; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notbithftaachng*

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said governor, bailiffs and conservators, frail out of the above mentioned Cums of one hundred and one thousand pounds, for0f thi» aS^to

r wfiich the said invested lands are hereby directed to be sold, pay be paid by one third part of the expences of obtaining this act. them.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any a&ioto, foil or information, frail be commenced or prosecuted \ against any person or persons for any thing done or to be done vin^urfoabce of this act, every such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fad committed, and Limitation of shall b&Jtaid; Or. brought in the court of pleas of the said ljl* ^/actions,

- Ely % 3 or\m\ the counties of Cambridge er Norfolk, and not else-

v where,

4^ AnnoTicesimo Dono GEORGJiTI. a / f^7S^r

where; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, ftaO and may plead the general issue, and if in replevin^ tnay-justjfy and avow by virtue of this a<2, as persons acting oyv'aii-thority of commimoners of feWetrs are enabled to do; ' aiidrJ^c this act and die speeia! matter in - evidence, wrtho&t IftqSASy^pleading the same, other wise than as aforesaid, at any trial to be

had thereupon, and that the fad alledged tb hake been done. Generali&e. was done in pursuance and by the authority of tkh a# the same shall appear to have been to done, or if any orfdit shall be brought after the time before limited for tpiPfiWg*the same, or shall be brought in any other county jor plif^an

as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, avowant or avowants; or if the plSnnriff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear prosecution, or dtffettraftt& i her or their suit or suits; or if any verdict shall pdf*g*t nfthka,

her or them, upon a demurrer, or otherwise, then in any of the find cases, the defendant or defendants, avowant Or 3+owant*» tnkk votu shall recover treble costs, for which he, (he or the

like remedy, as where costs by law are awarded. J L 'J lD£ JVL:

XXXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, ad shall be deemed and allowed to be a publrck ad^aHtfiU -a judges, justices, and other persons, are hereby lequirttftt^titer m.notice thereof as such> without specially pleading ttiefa^r^ 3/lC>

[Junk removed.]

ifftfOP AnrtovieSfim# nono Geor<WT jf.C. 24, 4

*:, ! '10 n-.' )'/'.1 .'m 9irrrb'7: ii'if»* '*'U l^c tw^ ">?

ThySctyWuU'tb nbich ^beahHexiidli

bt^fajK.are /* exempted, from tie paxes to be tfjefal, ir«f*d fir (baffai in pursuance of the fad aft.

'f*t i* nt(i\ \ I> f*v str,: <r /v: 1

1 ^fM>EP ALL*1

A

' U L ttie<WWdoti$, ekcfcp* fotit stores patt of the adventure land taken out of the same, b*loh£ing tq 4 ©smid Dick^iS.'

WIC HAM-, -T^ Widdor % formerly called Jag-shall grounds.

/; M; vu Jp {be Cowcrofrs*

Thrqe acres of Richard Pap wort hi Tive acres of John Ha^lvun,

FijVp a^ijria the occupation of William JSaWton."

OiieTa9r^of John Winter.

One acre^ part of four acres, of Edward Hemmings.

In the Hale Fens.

Thomas Johnson's lot, and all the lots between that and Wolbey Hills, except a part of four lots, one belonging to William Nix, two to lord Wentworth and mistress .'King, and one to Anthony Gregory-

WOLBEY HILLS/

Thirty acres, part of forty acres, of mistress King.

Fifty acres of John Leaford.

Ten acres of John Cole.

Five acres, part of ten acres, of ma fter East's heirs.

Two acres, part of nine acres, of William Musgrave.

COVENEY.

All the Hale Fens south of Wardley Hill, from a lot of Jeremiah Hin-kin to a lot of George CJay, inclusive.

Two acres and an half, part of six acres of Headley's heirs.

Two acres, part of six acres, of Hoad-

ley's heirs.

Four acres, part of six acres, of James Creek, ., called Saqipfon's lqtn

In the New Drove Grounds.

Six acres of WHliahi King, clerk.

Four acres, part offix acres, of Charles Cole, clerk.

One acre and an half, part of six acres, of Thomas Neale, clerk.

Four acres, part of six acres, of Eld-ward Merry.

Six acres of William Cole, esquire.

Seventeen acres, part of fwsflty fatal acres, of mistress Swan.

Three acres, part of fix' acres, of Biowell Nix;

Six acres, late of Isaac I ip §edgq

' Woolaftori, esquire. Fen.

Six acres of Mary Merrick, widow. J

Ten acres, part of forty acres, of Matthew Kobinfon, esquire, abut-; ting upon Westfield.

In the New Dams.

Eight acres, part of thirty acres, of lord Townsend's, abutting upon ditto.

Two acres, part of nine acres, of Coveney Feoffees.

Three acres, part of nine acres, of George Clay, called Cocks's Dam.

Two acres, part of twelve acres, of Thomas Neale, clerk, called The Spots.

Four acres, part of fourteen acres, of lord Townsend.

Three acres, part of ten acres, of Margaret Clay.

Four acres, part of sixteen acres, of mistress Swan, called The Long Dam;

At Way Head.

Four acres, part of nine acres, of Margaret Clay.

Three acres and an half, part of seven acres, of Charles Colt, clerk.

Five

9*. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. cytt&?

Five acd&sv pdrtof severo acres, of E* lizabdth Barton.

Seven atref of TrsncdsiSonth:

Twenty one acres of George Clay, in three Sots. " k .,-.

Twelveiaeneyof Elisabeth Barton.

Six aprjs, part of sixteen< acres, of Tlipthaa Nix. '

One<«f rp, pm of ieven acres, of John

fptfc '

Three acre, part of seven acres, of George the son of Margaret Clay.

Tenacrpandan half, of George Clay, being, a lot and a half.

Four aclres of Bidwell Nix.

Seven afcrcs, part of sixteen acres, of George Clay.

In the Great Dams.

Four acres, part of nine acres, of mistress Sisan.'

Eleven acres, part of fifty six acres,

: - of Matthew Robi nfon, esquire.

Six acres, t*rtof eighteen acres, o'f George Clay.

Five acres, part of twenty four acres, late of Isaac Woolastone, esquire. -fWr acres, part of nine acres, of George Clay, late Matthews.

Fotlf acres and an half, part of nine act.es, of George Oay, late Childs's.

Fodr acres and an half, part of nine acres, of Robert Morlinc.

Six acres^h ^Mte, tla«Sa'rixteV, te«6fe^.

Four acres of Wife

Four acrpSTaf; WiJlfett&Cdfl, esquire.

MOT* % nc Jl.fi Two acres of Abrah*iq

U.

Five acres, part of of

Amy Barrs. '

One aero of John Pennington.

Onti hereof George Clas.°73 "A One acre Of ThomrthNi)*.!

Two acres, part of three of

Aungier Peacock, elqtiiTPi'->s

1 M«'l_ io eiSTJ

In the Fii»gle*JV-w wdT Ten acres, part of tweiltyjaixfeif longing to Pembroke FKff. 33J'* 1 Four acres, part of of

George Clay.'.*or, c ootd T

Three acres, part of- of

Charles Clay, eaUedGofttbifi Pfeu

gle. {Lei

Six acres of George Clay; tt^JtxJTlHie Home Pingle. i'7 kne

All the High Land; ClOfes ahtf^ai^, at Coveney and WardeyLPK*.n£;

i/ionr/n ni

In ttyPyal F±rt; 'R3: n> i'ni-zLU* -aaiupi H btic

°M Jbl:

Gpqrge.Clay'..Two acres and aq

fcjgfit acres, part of eighteen acres, of Part of tert acres, in two T Cgpjjiffl. Aungier Peacock, Squire. ___.^olws?of Edward Hpqa-, ' 3f1} 1!A

acres^ part offiye Winter, called Kirby Four acres, part of five, agrees lot of John Khowles,

Five acres, ! a lot of

tOQ; n'i

Five acres* a lot of rrtal^May^c.' Three acres, part offilot of matter May fix.

All the old Fenk UP Wife Wenuvorth.

acres,

Six acres, part of thirty acres, of Wil- filings,

liam Mayer.': FP, u, rr.acI

Four aerps/part of nipeacre^ of Kos-bertFean. '

io < lathe Bbckiuore*.

AH thwWockmews north of Warriey kfiHlyfiwn the gravel to arUock more of Abrahant Biggs, late iu Ksught'Syxnduding the {ame.

Four acres and an half, ipatkofieten feres, of Abraham Biggs, being

; <'C

i va ana

In

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. ^19

*7 5«-1

In W Etf*TWORTH Sedge T|en. Two adreiand half* part oftoigbt ar, cres, of master Twelyes,;

An hill, called plain hill, containing about eight acres.

WICHFORDs Half an acre, in each fonaif lot in Sedge field Pooles.

Six acres of William Cole, esquire, in i Fymore.

E E Y.

AH the grounds called Alderforth, in West Fen Side, abutting on Beald Drov«.

One acre and an half, pan of three a-cres, of John Prior.

Three acres, part of six acres, of Edward Crgpley.

Three acres, part of six acres, of Charles Cole, rlerk.

Three acres, part of six acres, of William Cole, 4erk.

Eleven acres, pan of twelve acres, of lady Parsons.

AH; the lands between Beald Drove and Ely Field.

c mt.

101/(1 I >.-T

abi^tt-y ing on 1 West*Ten,

r

FoUrte«waor«^p*rtofithiftrtnr ov! 1

acres of Elizabeth Grid.'ltdb.\i[

-Six acres of Hmrjr Kemp* ton. '*: t.'Why

Eight acres, part of twelwe acres, bf Thomas Wat*

- kins, xlecfc.

Four acres, part of fix a* cres, of Thomas P«4e.

Eight acres, part of twelve acres, of William Autv* fv« gier., 'L, rove*

Fifteen acres,j

part of twen- I of miftrafa. ty four acres, Towers,

Twenty one a- VeaHed cres, part of 1 Baa lam's twenty four J Pieces, acres* J

DOWNHAM,

All the land called the Hufft andtfil Halts (except fourteen actes. of Morley Unwin, clerk, tailed the Pooles).

In West Fen Side.

Four acres, part of twelve acres, of Philip Cawthorne.

I

AM, £e^ fejm (except three acres* Four acres, part of twelve acre* of and&irty acre*, of adventure land Joseph Pcnfton., '1

in Pymore, ufedtherewith). Two ac/es, part of four acre*, «f

Eighteen acre* of William Cole, e- Philip Sibltyv,

squire^infourpi<?ces?lateTngwell^ Two acres, part of four afcres^of and Begley's, abutting on Ely, Matthew Hallock.

Fields11 Two acres, part of four acrts, J oOq*

Sfattdiert0 acres of John 'Bringhurst, fcph Denfton.*

ilerk* in two dolvers, abutting on Sixteen acres* part of sixty acre % of dfttO; ! Robert |Cple, in several |>icce

All the lotsitiove Long Drove, from..Gay Dtove to West Fen Drove.

atfes, part of twelve! acres; bfmiftrels Ralph. '

BIX atfei of George Too- Jjgg*

Six acres bf Thomas Day. ry*f_

Six acres fit John Bring- horff, Cleric. J-

Thirty acres of Thdmas Watkins, clerk, qafly}Flowers Hill.

*»*G'Jiiy f

(d.

Two acres of Philip Hopkin.

Two acres of Chridopher Great)., Two acres of Francis Moxon.' '1, Four acres of Matthew CroCe.

Two acres of Joseph Denfton.1 Seven acres, part of fifteen acres, of John Yasrow, iatm piofes. .'A One acre, one part of um.aqtaM of Christopher Green., in Six acres, part of fifteen'at^as^i of Downbam Feoffees. tjoI

One

*3P.Amd ifitaQao [»£&

On& Mct /PV. % f'two .-»e*« ^of-Wil- Two acres, ^irt_fcf icrf ifcrcs, of Ri-

of trii-

Two acres, part of four acres, of Robert Rayntf.'-

One acre, part of three acres, otWil-ISam Eagle. '

One acre, part of two acres, of John Bayes.

One acre, part of two acres, of Frances South.

Six acres, part of twelve acres, of Joseph Denfton, fix pieces.

Four acres, part of twelve acres, of Thomas Brown.

Three acres, part of eight acres, of Francis Mpxon.

Two acres, part of six acres, of Richard Mo$on.

One acre, part of two acres, of William Eagle.

One acre, part of two acres, of Henry Waddelow.

Two acres and three roods, of Richard Moxon, cilled Cop Hall.

In the Land Floods.

Two acres at the Hithe, of Mary Smith, fervor.

Two acres of Franees South.

Two acres and an half, called a Holt

arid a Yard, at the Hitheof Joseph DenftOn;

Eleven acres, part of seventeen acres, of Frances South.

One acre, part of two acres, of John Bayes.

Two acres, part of four acres, of Francis Mpxon.

One acre, part of two acres, of John Leaford.

Two acres of Joseph Denfton.

Four acres of Richard Mokon.1

Two acres of Francis Tingey.

AlPthe land floods from Westmore Bridge to the park by Westmore Bridge.

Jpive acres, part of six acres, of R ichard Hopkin, junior.

TJnec; acres, part gf six acres, of Wil-

Jfwn Merry.

chindHopkSl!lVl^ior»^1^£ r/!rv I One hundred dcfbfe of Franei* JFot pham, esquire, fly inpwndfcf Down-ham park) jbrin^ thff>higheib dart of the Frith.: tniw»iU vxi

In iforth Fenj

FouF acres, pfctof mgbtacro^vciF.Thomasf Jones, clerk, xfcrfbobbt-tom of LonctLahd a/hw I

One acre, pait of two acrespbfiJohn Churk, at |drttti£ f' lo etmt x One acre, past of two acres, /fa£rIBrac Afplapd., 'i'i ijil

Five acres, part of eight aV*&, William Cole, esquire, of Cabbage-hole. / <.V*>L OV I v -1'

Seven acres, of John ElUngtos^iiin ditto.

Two acres, part of twelve adres^ of Elizabeth Ellington, next flcald Drove.

Two acres, part of twdye across Henry Hull, next Beald Drove!: One acre, part of two acres* of SaraS Bringhurfti..l: Vc r

One acre, part of two'acrestiofMary Smith, junior. i!mji c

Three acres, part of six acres, of JohA Hitch. htotr.jJ

One acre, part of two acro %: af WilT liam Cole, esquire. fiokoJ

One acre, part of two acres, ") of Richard Hopkin.

Three acres, part of six acres, of John Ellington.

Five acres, part of twelve acres, of John Flanders.

One acre, part of two acres,

6f Down ham Feoffees.

Two acres, part of four acres, of Francis Tingey.

Two acres, part of four acres, of fjeary Morley, esquire.

All the lots called Marshall End, in Downham and Ely., vwi-i Twelve acres, part of feyertly.eipftt acres, of Richard Hoi<fiftdi$drftti»3c, under Chatham WoqsLjc C 5

|>YMORE.

Caufy,

fthrib <MfcMH>aba6fcoMiteifc qn«&-

: 5I to t2Di#YaMOftcpfJ3ri£ ov/V -ii

Twelve acresiofiAtnd

MiihUHl ei; C

Tftebwncrds Of WiL"

T wfiirtfiad^B io£: jfttfoivu ley Unwin, clerk. Twelve acres of John 1

iLi? r*,

LeafordP

; r, d

Twohreacrd^of Joseph Twelve acres of John

*jiJChuck, M

Six'acres of Margaret!

ou>8biithtcM- ' '

Four acres, part of fix rlt^bfcu^.efjohn Lea-J

Twelve acres of Wil-" riilipm Jjariginan-Four acres of Margaret toSputfa S.i-JSbtkiacnesi of, William Langman.

Sixteen: acres, of Sarah BririghlntfL

Twelve ^crcs of Francis Skinner. ^otif/acot^of Margaret South.

Tdteiniy acres: of John Leaford.

Twtfv&aeres^of John-Leaford.

Fight acfe«r part of twelveacres, of John Leafond^v Two acres* part of fix acr^s, of Richard ^icholas.

Four acris, part of fix 'Htfisfaf John Churki Eight acres, part of twelve acres^f Thor mas Jcnesy cferk. Eight a^res, ! part of twelve, acres, of Ri-nchtodiHblditetH dtq; Five acres, p^ffc of 1 tt^rel yeraerris, of Mac-. gaipt Sbisih. i Mi Two aerds^ jtortof Jj 35

35 OMY(i

AttAefe Anortn-east of ^fymore*,

P^OVC, J

; 'li> (inuruj Jis(; tvuil /id1 all

All tTiefe ... south-west of Pymore Drbve.

I

a. uW 1 ! tr hI M, OiiO

a; f

t(

ces South.

Que aWi pm tf fow acres, of Margaret Soiah.

Twelve acres of John"

Leaford.

Twelve acres of Frances South,

Twelve acres of John Yarrow.

Six acres, part of twelve acres, of Frances South,

Twelve acres of Robert Rayner.

Three acres, part of five acres, of Elizabeth Ellington.

Eight acres, part of seventeen acres, of John Leaford, in two lots.

Four acres of William! Langman,:

Twenty five acres late St. John's,

Seventeen acres, late Drurey's,

Sixteen acres, out of seventeen acres,

late Saint Tofin's,

Five acres, out of seventeen acres, of Lqrd Saint John's.

Three acres, our of seventeen acres, of Francis Tingey.

In a Place called Dunkirk.; j L Two acres, part of twelve acres^ of John Cawthome*s heirs.'1 A Nine acres, part of twelvd States, of Richard Hopkin. '

Three acres, part of twehe^res, df

l o 11

Of Mr.

fart*

ir: i

MM. OvVT

o: owT

t r.3iDC ofi F

firtg gf, the

f-Fifu«.a

OOV513 '{ io

j jl or O

li

Ml'/ I r v

Ifjac Afpland,

T \v£lvfc acres bfWill^GoleJhrtJiiC

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

Two acres* part of twelve acres, of John Flanders, at Frith Head.

4 - ,

\i} the Ely North Fen Side.

Six acres, part of nine acres, in three Tots, of Henry Morley, esquire.

One acre and an half, part of three acres, one lot, belonging to Saint Peter's college,

: Cambridge.

Th^ee acres, part of six acres, in two lots, of Henry Morjky, efij; Under One acre and ?n half, ^Woodbause part of three acres, Farjn. one lot, of James Harknels, esquire.

Nine acres, part of eighteen afres, in fix lots, of Havy ley, esquirjb.

Eight acres, part of twelve acres, in four' lots, of Henry Morley, esquire.

Twelve acres, part of twenty five acres and

an half, in eight lots: and an half, of-Hen-ryMorley, esquire.

One acre, pqrtof thred acres, one lot, of Abutting 6n Henry Morjey, esq; >^ho road to One acre, part of three Eittleport. c acres, one lot, of James Harknels, esq;

Three acres, one lor, of Henry, Morley, esquire, called Gull Piede.

LITTLEPORT.

h\ North Fen Side, under Littlepost Field, commonly called Wood Fen.

Nine acres of Elizabeth Meader. Three acres, part of four acres, onfilot of Henry May der.*

1*736.

Four acres, part of fight acres, two lots, of Matthew Scurchio.

Two acres, part of four acres, one lot, of Matter Middloditch.

Two acres, part of four acres, one lot, of William Gary, esquire* his heirs.

Four acres, part of eight acres, two - lots of Latjibury, dent., One acre and an half, part of four acres, oi*e lot of William Ea/y. One acre ani an half, part af rbur acres, one, lot, of Robert Mayes. Two acres, part of four acres* one lot, of Johp Rartet Ray per.

Five acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of Littleport feoffees.

One acre, part of four acres, one loti of John Cnttlack.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one jot, of James Clarke.

One acre, part of four acres, one ]o(| of John Krnnell.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot* of John P4rtheriche, esquire.

One acre, part of four acres, qne lot, of James (flarke.

One acre, part of four acres, one Io^ of Philip Qotobed.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of ditto.

Two acres, part of four actfes, 90* Jot, of John Creek, late Blow's. Eight acres* fccifcg twb lots* of Tho^ mas Gilletp.

One acre ai|d an half, part of four acres, one Jot of Pap worth Crab.*One acre anfdn half, part of four acres, one lot, of Lathbury. clerk, '

Eight acres, part of sixteen acres, four lots, of John Mayes.'

Four acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of William Porter.

Six acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of Daniel Clarke.

Six acres, part of sixteen acres, four lots, of James Clarke.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Isaac Harle.

One acre and an half, part of four

acres*

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 22. 433

' acres, ' o6e !bt? of marftet' John Drage.

Seven acres, part of fifteen acre*, four lots, of ditto.

Five acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of ditto.

Two acres, part of four acres, one lot, of Christopher Gillett.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot, of Henry Wadtjelow.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot, of Anne Braflett.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot, of Henry Waddelovf.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot, of widow Webb.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot, of William Burridge.

Three acres and an half, part of eight acres, two lots, of William Cutt-lack's heifs.

Four acres and an Jhalf, part of eight acres, two lots, of John Parthe-riche, esquire.

Two acres and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Thomas Evans, esquire.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Thomas Gillett.

One acre and an half, part of four1 acres, one lot, of matter John Drage.

Two acres, part of four acres, one lot, of William Dillimore.

Two acres, part of four acres, one lot, of John Partheriche, esquire.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Thomas James.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Matthew Wild-bore, esquire.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Thomas James.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of William Dilli-more.

One acre, part of four acres, One lot, of Matthew Wildbore, esquire.

Pne acre and an half, part of four acres, one lor, of matter Thick-

Two acres, part of four acres, pne lot, of Christopher Crabb.

Four acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of John Partheriche, esquire.

Two acres and an. half, part of four acres, one lot, of Matthew Wild-.bore, esquire;

Six acres, part of twelve acres, three lots, of Thomas Door.

Three acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of matter Thomas Tawney.

Six acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of William Piggott.

Three acres, part of four acres, one lot, of James Clarke.

Three acres, part of four acres, one lot, of widow BJowes.

Two acres and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of matter Thomas Tawney.

Two acres and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of William Porter.

Five acres, part of eight acres, two. lots, of William Crabb.

Two acres and an half, part of four acres, oner lot, of Matthew Eburn.

Two acres and an half, part of four, acres, one lot, of John Barrett Rayner.

Eight acres, two lots, of Sir William Brown, by the Knoll.

The Knoll.

In Wqftmoor, from Grunty Fen Draiiiby the Knoll Bridge.

Twelve acres of John Barber, two lots, called Wadeload lots.

The Plains.

Seven acres, part of nine acres, of Papworth Crabb.

Six acres, part of nine acres, of Christopher Crabb.

Six acres, part of nine acres, of Meader's heirs.

Four acres, part of nine acres, of William Piggott.

Two acres, part of nine acres, of Robert Crabb.

Two acres, part of nine acres, of Christopher Crabb*

F f Seven

434 An°R no«o GEORGII II.

Seven acres, part of, nine acres, of Two acres, part of Gxjacres, of Mat-30, 3UatHbury, clerk."'the* wM&re,

Four acres, pah of forty four acres, f'-- — 1 ll( JS

PtrilftfeT^ Dbo.

Two acres, part of nine acre's, of Sir., 0Wiffiam Brown.

Thirteen acres, part of eighteen acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire.,

Ffebf acris/ part of nine acres, of Matthew Wildbore, esquire.

Three acres of Thomas Gotobed.

Six acres of master Skeeles.

Six acfes of Thomas Prion Seven acres of Papworth Crabb. Twenty one acres of master Thomas, Tawney, in two pieces.

Threeacres of the widow Waddelow. Throe acres of master Thomas Taw- ney.

Five acres, part of six acres, of Pap-worth Crabb.

Two acres, part of three acres, of glebe land,

Two acres, part of three acres, of William Crabb.

Three acreidf William Gary, esquire,

his heirs.

Three acres of Sarah Robinson.

Three acres of widdw Gillett.

Six acres of Christopher Crabb, in

two. pieces.

Three acres of widow Godson.

Six acres of James Chrke.

Two acres, part of three acres, of _John Crabb,

Two acres, part of three acres, of J John Cuttlack.

Tour acres, part of six acres, of John Crabb. 1

Three ^cfes of Painter Mcader.

Four acres, part of fourteen acres, of: 'Matthew Wildbore, esquire.

On the south-west side of the Croft Rifci*.

From Blackiake Bridge to the Hun- - x*dred Feet Bank.

Five acres, part of six acres, of Abi-> gail Clarke.

T^o*cres.part of six acres, of Da--aid Clarke.

One, .,

acres, ofaarah BJowesJ Seven acres* part of eighteen of William Crabb, In thre^pjgcjes, Two acres, part of fix aqres, iotTRp-bert Garner. / ?* J Four acfek, part of ttirejyi aefes^ of Robert CribbrertlOf.;

Seven acres, part of twWof Thomas Woodhousejm^w^pie^y One awe, part of (went^c^pld The Cam bridge Cro ft., c j; iq Three acres? part of tep^cr^s^of Thomas Evans, efauirk' 3, o Seven acres of William Ci^Irfjj.

Apeshall Farms. v

Fifteen acre# of John Fartifnohe^ esquire..; hh.V

In master Evans's Fartft.

Forty five acres. Five acres and

In Painter Meader'sFarn^t

Nine acres, called,

Three acres, part of acres.*i r

Tea acres, being the C)ld v. r Three acres, the yapds.,

Two acres, part of twelvdf cat-

led The Haflhck GrduM.

Ten acres, part of twelve OTlsi^d* led Font's Croft. \', '..1*'^ 1 Twenty five acres, part of tftlrtyfw^ acres, of Thomas EvanS, efeuirfe. Thirteen acres, part ofeighteed aCirw, ertfPainterMeader. '[ _'r'.,

One acre and an hau beldhgirt^so ditto.

Ten acres, part of tweptyf^nr atrp, of Mary Atkins, in, t wo pi eces.Four acres of "William the yards.', (

Six acres, part of seven 6Tditto#

o

Two acres, part oftwetfi Thomas Evaa^tf'v'

lint nf

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 22.

Fiv£ acres, part of thirteen acres of John Partheriche, esquire.

Four acres, part of nine acres, of Robert Sutton.

Four acres, part of nine acres, of John Partheriche, esquire.

One acre of Matthew Eatter, the

bf t£n aci^i, of ditto. Five acres, part of sixteen acres, of '°Thortia$ E^ans, esquire.

Eight acres, part of forty acres, of Matttie^ Easter.

Three acres^part of fourteen acres, of THofaas Evans, esquire.

One acre and an half, part of three; acres, c6f John Partheriche, esquire. One acre and an half, part of nine: acres, belbnging to Welney Feoffees,

Seven acreJu part of eleven acres (being the Home Stall) of Anthony.South.

Four acr*$ of Lord Saint John (the Mustard Seed Yard).

Eleven acres, part of thirty three ^creS, of ditto, in three pieces.

On the north-east side of the Cross River.

From the Hundred Feet Bank towards JLdttleport ( the Crofts). Two acres, part of three acres, of Anthony South.

Twelve acres, part of eighteen acres,

1 of Six, William Brown.

Two acres, part of three acres, of p^aftex East's heirs.

"Six acres, part of nine acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire.

Fourteen acres, part of twenty seven -t acre?* of William Crabb.

Three acres, part of six acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire.

One acre and nn half, part of three acres, called Bre*d Bank.

Three acre*, part of six acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire. ff°ur acres, " part of nine apres, ofr Robert; button.,;

Four acres of ditto, called the Yards.

Four acres and an half, part of six acres* of Isaac Sallis.

Seven acres, part of twelve acres, of HannahT^ylqr, ..., 7

Ten acres, part of /eighteen acc^/bt Welney Feoffees.,

Ten acres* part of seventeen1 acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire* in four, pieces.*

Nine acres, part of twelve acres, of William Gary, esquire, his heirs.

Three acres, part of twenty acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire.

Three acres, part of twenty acres, of William Gary, esquire, his heirs.

Two acres, part of nine acres, of Painter Meader.

Four acres, part of ten acres, of William DiJJimore.

Two acres and an half, part of eleven

acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire.

Six acres and an half, part of twenty acres* of William Dillimore, in two p'cces.

Three acres, part of six acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire.

Ten acres, part of eighteen acres, of Painter Meader.

Three acres, part of twelve acres, of John Partheriche, esquire.

One acre, part of six acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire.

4 One acre and an half, part of six acres, of Mary Atkin.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire.

Two acres, part of eight acres, of William Crabb.

One acic, part of six acres, of Thomas Evans, esquire.

One acre and an half, part of eight acres, of William Gary, esquire, his heirs.

One acre, part of fee acres, of William Crabb.;

One acre, part of four acres, of Thomas Clarke.

One acre and an half, part of six acres.or matter John Drage.

One acre, part of six acres, of William Piggott.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

One acre, pajt of four acres, of Tho- In Mow Fen, fcetwMt^jle^ J^Jr^tJge _, tnas Evans, douire. and the phjur}o'u.

Six acres, part of eighteen acres, of Two acres and an ha*pjfffc)P* j fix.William Gary, esquire, his heirs. acres, of Mary Mo^ ./

Nine acres, part of eighteen acres, /Two acres, part of fix at^.efExan-. of Thomas Evans, esquire, in two cisHyde.,

pieces. Two acres and an hilfi

Four acres and an half, part of eight acres, of John V<oy,

acres, of Thomas Prior.

One acre of Thomas Evans, esquire.'

Two acres, part of three acres, of ditto.

Six acres, part of sixteen acres, of Si^aics of Daniel Claris' h,; the widow Brauett. Six acres of John Love

One acre and an half, part of three -

acres, of Thomas Clarke.

Four acres, part of fix Jp$k

Barren Raynen, ., { JC, 7: Twelve acres of Paime^M^ lots.

H'T

Six acres, part of nine acres, of Walton, clerk.

Five acres of ditto.

One acre, part of three acres, of widow Sindali.

Two acres, part of four acres, of Thomas Clarke.

Two acres, part of eight acres, of Lathbury, clerk.

One acre, part of two acres, of Thomas Prior.

Two acres, part of twelve acres, of John Barrett Rayner.

Two acres, part of six acres, of Thomas Brafiett.

Two acres, part of eight acres, of WfM&m Gary, esquire, his heirs;

One a£re and an half, part of seven acres, of Thomas Brafiett.

One acre and an half, part of six acres, of Henry Youngs.

Two acres, part of sixteen acres, glebe land.

One acre, part of eight acres, of William Wilkinson.

Two acres and an half, part of nine acres, of John Cuttlack.

Four acres, part of sixteen acres, of Henry Waddelow.

One acre and an half, part of six acres, of John Cuttlack.

Two acres, part of sixteen acres, of Robert Crabb, junior.

Six acres of Daniel Clarity, -r. four acres, part of fix?cp$»ipf A»Uo. Three acres and an half-, part of; six acres, of Robert Crabb, senior.

SOUTHERY, under tho.West.

Bank of the river Ouze.

Half an acre, part of twelvp, acres of Sir Robert Bur-1 TnNia dett.

One acre, part of eighteen \, acres, of ditto. J

One acre, part of twelve acres, bee longing to the lady of Southery (Canham's Farm).

One acre, part of four acres, of ditto (Gregory Porter's form).

One acre, part of four acres, of Isaac Cockram.

One acre, part of four aqres. of Woodhouse's.:

Half an acre, part of twentw acres, of Isaac Cockram (Ward's farm).

HELGAY.

Six acres, part of fifty two a£res, f Isaac Cockram, in, four pieces (Wolley's Yard).

Two acres, part of four a, cfes4 of dit- to (Wolley's Yard). '

Two acres and an half, part of tw«n-. ty five acres, of Sir Robert Burdett (Roper'sfarm), -

One acre, part of tw. afero^ drSis' Cecil Wray, called Baker's HilJ.

1' h f!» MU! " ?1!». I.i'V

' '^. ).JuL -JA*

Ty'^SVf Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 13.

TWa'^a^Jah'lfalf, pah ttfhirief acres, of Chfifthpner Barkham r ( FVior^S^fartifi). f One acre, pare of deverj acres (Hel-gayj Fcofifefes*)/ 1 4'*

One acre, part of eleven adrfcs, of WHli4ra7Gilfoway.

Four acres, part of forty acres, of Sir Cecil Wray, {Harland's)

Two acres, part of one hundred acres, ' Hdgay's Poor's Land.

Two acres, part of thirty acres, of Christopher Galloway, caHed Tiffany's.

Six acres, part of fifty acres, ofmif-

' 'ttefs Shikh, called Dotnan's.

DENVER. f One acre, part of twenty ach*, glebe land.:

Two acres, part of five fc£re$, \q£ Abraham Wardle.

Seven acres and an half, part of forty one acres, of King Whirred^ it* three pieces (Hopkins's farm). Five acres of Lot-d Saint John (Lang-man'sfarm).

Weiney, by the Hundred FfeetBartk: Eighteen acres of William Greaves, esquire, (part of Flower's farm). Six acres, part of twenty acres, called Fisher's Croft

CAP. XXIII.

An act for encouraging the fisheries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS the extending and improving of the British ftfl#- /Ty jV of great importance to this kingdom, as it not only adds

conftdorabig.to the national wealth, but is moreover nursery

of able feafien for the publick fervite: - and whereas the same is greatly obfruited by certain restrictions, exalt ions and regulations, to which'>

thefijhers' and curers of fish in North Britain are, either by cdftont'Of the laws now in force: and whereas it further

that it would be very advantageous to trade in general, as well as to thrfijberiye if the said exaliions and rejlriHions were taken off, and such Mpw regulations made, as are more accommodated to

drctttfijTanctt of both: and whereas by an act made in the third Jeff- 1 -< - 1

on of the first parliament of the late Queen Anne, in Scotland, in-tttuled, An act for advancing and establishing the fishing trade Q^en^nne iq and about that kingdom, all her Majestysubjelis of that king- in Scotland.

drift are'authorized and impowered to take and eure herring and O

white fiffiin all and sundry theseas, channels, hays, firths, lochs, rivers and so forth, of that her Majesty's kingdom and ifhnds thereto

belonging, wheresoever herring or white fish are or can be takenand for their greater convenient?, to have the free use of all ports, hours, shores, forelands and others, for banging in, pickling, drying,

unloading a*>dloading the same, upon payment of the ordinary dues where harbours are built, that is, such as are paid for ships, boats, and other goods; and discharges all other exaliions, out night's

fishing in the uieek, commonly called Saturday's fishing. Top-money,

Stallage, and the Hie: and for the further explaining, enforcing " and amending the said law; may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King* - most extdllttitthajesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord*ispiritual and temporal and commons in this present parlia- power en merit assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and to inhabitant* after the twenty fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and to take, buy

- Ff3 fifty

143* Anpo tvj\o Gpo^u. £3.

fiftrttw" fifjcy fix, ftU pfrfons whatsoever,; phphitant# Britain,

"yV^IC^ thjui, 1 and they fie hsrety, 4cc^ai; e4 to^ive SSrf&fai-^y* a- ?'* times and seasons, when Ml; or nver* in freely to take*, buy from fisharipan, awt.mc

Scotland, or ling or any otjier fort 9f white fish, i inaH^d cverj^ Ibe

|n«nds thereto chanels, bays, firth*, lochs* pyoiff or oth^iwa^r^M* belonging. such are to be found, on thp coarts of

Britain called Scotland^ and of Orkney, Shetland* ^n, d\ail>ther islands belonging to tha\t part of Great Ant* cal)t^ ScH^wh any law, Statute or custom, 4to tl)etcoaUary) in any w\fpipt-1001. penalty withstanding: and if any pjtripn or.peffo^avh?^ ft^ngthe after the twenty fifth day of June<of&

fishery, or ta* and fifty six, under any pretend, wfiat(gew % bil-

king any gra- strudfr or hinder any perfipn or persons from fiflfingaf afarefidd, tuhyforliw- in moonlight nighu, or at any other tifue whajjej^t, mdtfhor ty ot tuning. orn ^ny part Of the fa*j sea^ chanels, bajs* fifl0skh yivers, or other waters as aforesaid, or shall demand 3 octijecaffe any gratuity or allowance whatsoever, either in monpy* r otherwise, under the name of Saturday Nizh?s Fishing* oc fapder any other name or pretence whatsoever, from any hiper rower other person, for the liberty of fishing in all or any, on in <Hty part of the said seas, chanels, bays, fifths, lochs, river* md other waters, as aforesaid, every such person fljalJ* fp* ^very such offence respectively, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, to be recovered in manner herein after diro$td; any law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding*, ^a '» Vo The use of

II. And be it further enacted by the authority a fore said, That ports, har- all and every person or person employed in thexsaid fish*ry*/on hour*, and the coasts of that part of Great Britain called Setfkndi.At^onJic ed°so^landUi*g fa, d coasts of Orkney, Shetland\ or any of the said UJantf* ihaJl nets, erecting have and exercise the free use of all ports, harbours^ (boteft and Sages and forelands, in that part of Great Britain called S&i&tdy tent.s» Orkney, Shetland, or any of the said istands, below fh$»higbtit

furpig nw. water tnark, and for the space of one hundred, yard*d aoy

waste or uncultivated land, beyond fi|ch mark, withkv the land, for landing their new, calks, and other materials* uftnfifir and ft ores, and for erecting tents, huts and stages, and foritattaMl-ing, pickling, curing, drying, and reloading their fifl^ wHhaat paying any foreland or other dues, or any other fium ea taffif of money, or other consideration whatsoever, for such lit^erly* dt-cept as hereafter excepted; any law, Statute or custpai whatfe-tool penalty ever to f^c contrary notwithstanding: and if any perfofVvPtper-on demand big fons Hiall presume to demand or receive any dups, saros'or taking (och ney, or other consideration whatsoever, for the use ofoyftich consideration ports, harbours, (hores or forelands, within the bnfitsafo^fiud, so made use of for the purposes aforesaid, or Jhatt prefanbcio obstruct the fishermen Qr other persons employ^ in.idle taking, buying, or curing of fish in the use of the sames, >e^cry pctfcn so offending (ha|l, for every such offence, forfeit the ot one hundred pounds sterling* to bp covered and ievi#d ^n\oi4nner hpt^in after dirp^ed.^w/

1756.] hdrifc Gfetiftitf H. Hi £3. '439

III. Provided always, That nothing in this act fcontaih£d, *fci*tblexempt the veflila or boats employed in the said rfryyfobrii the payment of Toch harbour or pier dues as are and fowtaorpipia.by law bright to be demanded for ships, vftTds ok boats, In pie^s

Harbotirs, which are built or artificially made, but tint Yuijih ^mrbouf ot pier dues shall be paid in like manner as the same r, '.1

'Were liable to be paid before the passing of this act*

t-^And whereas It is found by experience that the barrels now ikfed fioripatking and putting up of white herrings and wet white fish,

-in -that patt of Great Britain called Scotland, are net of proper tbr&nisi: be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Staves#from and after the twenty fifth day of June one thousand seven ting barret to Hiurrdred attd fifty eight, the staves of all barrels in which such tetaltanmch -ftfti flttfl be packed Or pot up, shall be at lead one half part of^t Um*ou^ iA thickness throughout, of made work; and if after the said iwerity fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred andft^t*i^ht; anV barrel or barrels containing such fish, shall be found ?0'be or a less thickness, than one half part of an i§ch in

part Of the said barrel, any officer of customs or excite, or bn penalty of any tnremaftfcr \riJScotlahd, are hereby authorized and required tp being coivfif-vfeizethe same, and upon proof thiereof before Any two withtbe

"of the peace, the owner or proprietor of such fish shall forfoi|hll,

: both fish and barrel. .*'1; '

- 'V. And whereas by an at1 made in the fifth fear of the reign of % Ann. c. S. -£gueeh Anne, intituled An act for an union of the two kingdoms ox England and Scotland; it is enabled, That from and after the'union, the laws and acts of parliament in Scotland for pining, curing, v' "r, T packing of herrings, white fish and salmon for exportation, with t \

foreign salt Only, without any mixture of British or Irish salt, be con-_ finked in force in Scotland, subject to such alterations as shall he .'

1 made by a British- parliament; and that for ejldbrishing an equality )n '

trade, Ottfish exported from Scotland to parts beyond the seas, which'f

ishouldlbttufid with foreignfait only, without any mixture ^British 1 V; ^.

or Irish salt, Should have the same cases, premiums and drp % bach,

dr were1 or Should be allowed to such persons as expect the like fish fr apt, i Endand^by xvhlth entitling clause the curers of fish in that paritbf OrJat Britain called Scotland, are refirifled and debarred firm using either British salt, or a mixture y British and foreign fail, in i<the wring Of any kind of fish fot etportdtion, (Aid have riotthe Tiberfy ef taking salt face of aiitffirm fhf salt worksfor curing offijhjor 'exportation, w rich rejlritlicti and prohibition are found by experience tobo very detrimental to the fifiring trade of that part of Great Bri- v.

tain Coded Scotland: and whereas byfynafl made in the fifth year* r;: k

1[of the feign of his late majesty King George ihe ]Pirjt, intituled, ' An 5 Get- i^Sa for recovering the ereaitbf the British Rthety in foreign parti, and for belter Teeming the duties on salt; the curer) offish in'that pari'of(5ft&t Britain called England' are allowed to rife either ft* ttign\ or British salt, or to mix them in curing tf any kind of fifa9 'and al&'>so import foreign salt, and take salt front the salt works > wtibeoti pdybig'hriy duty for the same, except the cujfdmi payable on fitch foreign salt at the importation thereof, fori turftig of 'fishfor ex-T I. F f 4 portation

no ^ntnvf poKtattmtyly: tfa

jfcGow.tfot*. rrlgwf hhMt wqsjl} King Gwrgft thA First imutohnkn&^tot 'il" J'Mi° taking off the dpty ppo* fal$ curingasd Wt^krgnof

; w^nc herrings 5 and instead th^r^of laying* prttRQriiootableiduty M>on ajl white herrings cqpfuorwli^t Mgm.mty tfaiiurass^ white herrings in that part of Great Britain called England ^tuo* allowed, to use fuel? foreign and Bjrjtj/h Just & shoM An#fZizWrW to them duty-free for the curing offfbfox 4UpormikUiidA\^ cun/tag of white herrings for home c*nfhunptipny upon payment -tb&ef

shillings and four pence for every barrel of such yuhtfg hrrufigi. as Should be entered for home consumption, under certainrJgtolgifand '4md penalties in the said act mentioned: and whereas the JxtooAinQitke fold provisions and regulations in the fetid acts made j in JbAijffiituud eighth years of the reign of his said Late Majesty^wotdft do&L U+iie encouragement and improvement of the fjberies in and4o

the benefit and advantage of the united kingdom s be it)tb*rcfbte further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fran^auM wfiter Liberty given l^c twenty fifth day otjuneone. thousand seven hundreds fid-fifty to import to- fix, "it shall and may be lawful for any person or period reign salt, and soever in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandvto iilftpen to take BritiCH foreign salt, and to take British salt therefrom the felt works, a t> without paying any duty for the same, for curing of fist foe oi-

for curing fish gortation only; except the customs payable upon the iaapom-for expoitati* tien of such foreign (alt) and that it shall and may be lawful on, duty-free $ for any person or persons whomsoever, in that partof Graft BrU Importationa*n ca!'ec* Scotland, to pfe any such foreign or British hh^s shall wSpted.on delivered duty-free for curing of fish for exportation, in the curing of white herrings for home consumption; and tligt tive said act made in the fifth year of the reign of his said date Ma-j Geo. i. c.iL jesty* intituled An act for recovering the credit of the British^fftr-ry in foreign parts, and for better feint ing the duties an fast v and also the said act made in the eighth year of the reign Qfihta.&kl I Geo. j.c.j6. late Majesty, intituled An act for taking off the duty upon all.salt'used in the curing and making of white herrings > uni instead thereof laying a proportionable duty upon dll white herrings consumed&t. keme.extended, un- only; ancj every clause, regulation, exemption, peoally^ptinUh-meat* proviso, rule, article, matter apd thing vyhatfoeyer^nahe Scotland, a^s contained, so far as relates to the curing of jifli for exportation with salt, without payment of duty, and lifaewife £>rhe several rates or sums of money allowed upon, the oiporfcatito.*of fish from thpt part of Great Britain nailed England^ andjalfa^o the curing of White herrings for home consumption: (qfccepttbe imposition of the said duty of three shillings and fourpence^r barrel) shall be, and the same are hereby declared tq./extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in as, full anilample manner as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in is present a# j any thing in the said acts or in any other act ^parliament contained to the contrary notwithstaruhaghvi 'rifhl io A duty of ja., VI, And be it further enacted by the aptboriiji/afctfafaicJ,

per barrel'That for every barrel of white herrings_e»n!

]W^VB Ions, entered for home consumption hi that; gattnfi Great fia-

tairi^&ti'Sltttand, the ptfbprtelbr of faeh herrings shall pay £ hemn«en.ku» of<bn44hllling, and so in-proportion for every half barrel i aanner^dM togulatlons end petwdties prescribed and irrf^ded id eonfumpoooo. thrifaUflafr mentioned act, ror the ascertaining, colteftjrtg, and 'wecwaringth* said duty of 'three shillings and four petice f/fr Junreli' j* — 1

VII.-And be it farther'enabled by the authority aforesaid,

Thori* (halt and may be lawful to carnr and bring from any sport of thhtpart of Great Britain called Scotland, to any port of Mint fattest Great Britain called England, white herrings cured \jwkh.ifrvr#hor foreign fstk, ' the persons bringing the said her- amj JS, 4d.p«r ring; tato England, dominion of ff'ales, and town of Berwick barrel (or her* yapon ^tMAff paying at the port to which the same shall be rings brought brcMght tlwee shillings and four pence for every barrel of such f"tf^d* cwbtte (bettings, containing thirty two galions, which shall be there for ^entered! then* for home consumption; and so in proportion for home con. jewery haif or ^barter barrel. fumption.

VIII. And whtrees by an a£imade in the fifth year of the reign s c.«.

-efJdspreftnt Maytfly, intituled An act for reviving the duties on

>udt for the term therein mentioned; it was enabled. That it.j

Lemd might bo lawful to carry and bring from any port of that fort if, 'L.

- Great Britain called Scotland, to any port of that part of Great Britain called England, white herringscured with salt made in Scot* '

land, thi persons or ptrfym bringing the said white herrings into England ipaying at tht port to which the same Should be brought, two

shillings and four pence for every barrel, containing thirty two galions, of Jtich white herrings brought from Scotland, and in proper- o

Attn for -half barrels, ' under certain regulations, and pe-

nalties in the said act mentioned: and whereas if liberty were also -granted to bring salmon, cod, ling, tujk, and other whitecured'a'with Jalt made in Scodand, into any port of that part of Great Britain called England, for home consumption, tht same would tend to the benefit and advantage of both parts of the united kingdom; be' 3

\ittherefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Thath^eltobe from and after the twenty fifth day of June one thousand seven paid for ft|-_ hundred and fifty six, it shall be lawful to carry and bring, from roon, con? aj^d any port of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to any port of that part of Great Britain called England, for home consump- sco^h^a^ itiotH any salmon, cod, ling, tusk, and other white fish, cured and imported with salt made in Scotland, for which the duty hath been there into England-paid or secured, the person or persons bringing such fish intof, r ho.mc con- England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, rumPtlon» myiag at the port to which the same shall be brought, two fhil-liftfss and four pence for every barrel, comaining thirty two ulionaof such tish wtt; and so in proportion for a greater or klfer quantity; and one shilling and two pence for every hun- and for dry drfd weight of such fish dry; and so in proportion for a greater fifo d; or lesser quantity-^per C. weighs

1 IX-uAndbeit further enacted by the authority aforesa^» Fish cur^ ift That it shall andmay be lawful to carry or bring, from any port Scotland, may orpiace of thi* part of $re$t Britain called Sfoslants, dr thi islands thereunto

4ft* GrAdhaWlcJifittn

reexpormf- tharrwtro belonging, to any portmf lhufptAfbtfz!lV&t'&t % t&^called England, for re-exportation* irfy IMfin^fkliffdn^c

1 ling, tu(k; and other white fish, % Kfc owner of w:

of the veflet, making oath that such fish w*$ bright1 fc*5; A^A ^Britain, or on the coasts thereof, and cored wittf ?blftHet?wered duty-free from same part of Great Britain, and when artdH^hefrethe same was fd delivered.

Bounty allow- X. And be it further enactedtfrv the ability afi^GBd^nWit ed on the ex- from and after the find twenty fifth'day of iJirte: oxtity ihhtllhld portation of Seven hundred and fifty six? all (hch herwi^, ^r»#ois 4Shg,

such sith to so- and any other white fish, (b brought cotfftwife frbflfl&aT-reign par s, into England, dominion of iVhks, and town

Tweed, shall upon exportation thereof, or y part therWrfv^ foreign parts, be imitled to the same allowanced -by the said act passed in the fifth year of the* reign of -l?M hkfc on conform- majesty King George the First, intituled An aftforrttevCi&hfbe ingso aft 5 credit of the British fishery in foreign parti \ and for fott&fenbing, Veo*+ c:* the duties onfait, are grimed on the exportation: offKh<tUred'm " that part of Great Britain called England*Aieh "Ml hc*i ng*firfh-

jcft to the same rules and regulations, in order Jtb preWwtflK© relanding or reimporting thereof* and the owners theft*!ftob-jest to the fiuhe penalties in ease of telanding, of any Othet*ftfctf-dulent proceeding, in order to Obtain the said botmrfdl^ the said act are prescribed and irtflisted, in regard to fim »PWed in, and exported from, that part of Great Britain' land\ any thing to tho contrary thercoffrt ifry wlfenotWirtK frandine: r.

Ec^jenture to

XL. Provided always, ^be it^ ehaftedy That rtO hftoWati& r granted for or bounty granted by this act, shall be paidb in 'tK«t pait*<Af the bounty, Great Britain Called England, <lominiorr of Walet^ fcrfd totofl^f Berwick upon Tweed: \ but the chief officer of the cdftomsf Oi^hfe.-deputy, at the port or place from which such (Hh(hdttshe, >fd-. 1.ispectively exported, shall upon the request of the ptnfbwW'pttf-

fens exporting the same, and oath made befofe thb priflftpbi 'officers of the said port. Who are hereby impowered teradniii-mister the same, of the shipping of the said sith, andltywetbfc-; r frig rdanded, or intended to berdanded in Great Btii&d)

a debenture under his hand, without delay, -fee or reWafd, 'fifr and to be paid payment Gf the said allowances or bounties y whlcHdebermitt in Scotland. being produced to the of of the cufotrisf or

of of the excise (at the option of the exporter of> his assigns) in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall'intirtc the exporter of such fish, or hte assigns, to the paymerir-ofvfftc bounties granted by this act, which the said commi(Trofiertf^ hereby required to pay out of any money rcrarihingtnthat hands, arising by any branch of his MajestyVcuftcWsbriexclfo, regard being had to the priority dLthe dalle* of the said debeti, tyres in the payment thereof. -; t "</

£ntry to be

XII. Provided always, and be it further enactedj that tl^p tijade at the pfopr.etbr or proprietors of such herrings, ftlmtMtithd twdj'oWifist, al 01111 «ny fliiporveiTtlw any-pojtor jjlace

*7$$*)' GscswhII.c.&f. 4*9

in $*9tU{*h pi tU^fifUnd* thereunto belonging, to be trtWporti- <Mw>edjfara-

orea*U«d to any, port pr $ace in England, dominion Wakh fit -town of Berwick upon. 3"weed, whether, for home eon- home e*n_ fumption, or exportation to foreign parts, or their respoftrtc fumption, or <a£pnt$, shall before any such.ship or vessel depart from such port exportations* Pit place in Scotland, or the islands thereunto belonging* make a full and particular entry with the collector, or other principal offifef of the; customs there, of the fish so shipped, ! oxpressing r.the number of barrels of wet fish, with the marks and numbers thereof, and the number and weight of each Cpecies of dryfish; ajnd declare upon oath, that the said fish ware cured in Stetbwd, or on the coasts thereof j and whether they were cured, with salt covered duty free, or with salt for which the duty payable by the above, mentioned act bath been paid pr secured; and that the said (alt was taken on board from some port or place in Great JErltedn and when and where it was foput on board.; and that j>o drawback for the same hath been bad, or intended to be had, upon the exportation of the said salt; which oath the said col- and 'officer to' lecW, or> other principal officer of the customs is hereby autho- adminflter an rized to administer, and i* likewise required to grant and deliver ^nd

-ii9 the rnauer of such ship or vessel without delay, fee or reward, grant* ter tilt, cartifw ate pt cocquet, under his. hand, that such entry.or err- Scare, which tries, qath or oaths, have been duly made; and that the master >* to be delU of every ship or vessel, wherein such lift) shall be shipped or put officer of an board, to be carried coastwise as aforesaid, or the proprietor the cuitome qr proprietors, or their respective agents, do, before landing or in England, putting on shore the said fish, or any part thereof, or putting it before the On board any other ship or boat, in apy port or place in Eng- <£J5-

Jfind, dominion of JValtf, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, de&,

ver, the said certificate or cocquet to the proper officer of the curtains in the port or place where the same shall be imported, brought ib* t>r landed, or put on bosyd any other ship or boat, upon pain of forfeiting all such fish, and also double the value PeBtlt3r* 'thereof, that shall be imported, brought in, or landed, or put on board any other ship or boat, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof and likewise the calks or vessels in which such fish shall be found; to be recovered of the importer or proprie- Recovery and liter of the fisti, or of the master of the ship or vessel in which application of sho&me shall be imported and brought in, one moiety of alltte PeaaltT< Which penalties and forfeitures to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers,

Whe-ffislt seize, foe, or inform for the lame; to be sued for, recovered, and levied, in such. manner, and with focli power of mitigation, as. any fine, penalty or forfeiture, may be luedfor, recovered, levied and mitigated by any law of excise, or by aifliou of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege or wager of law shall be granted or allowed, nor gny more than.one imparlance; and all officers of his Majesty's offices* of the ouftomaor duties upon.salt are hereby authorized and impow- custoim and «4 tofeJDe.all % h hcrringSt f^mon, cpd, Unfojjq^c, or any fat« duties,

j other "y*

Am

fish imported contrary toj this act.

Application of the4aue*, on fish imported into England from Scotland.

Counterfeit ing, See. any cocquet, or using the same deemed for-

scfy-

t Geo. t. c. 6. In part repealed.

sop 1. and one year'* imprisonment, penalty on persons making a false oath.

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied.

Copy of this aS tobetranf-mitted to the ministers of certain parishes in Scotland, to be read to the paritbion-trsi

Anno vioefitao ftom <8l(Cr ^§5.

ooher whkie fish imported, brought In, or1#nd^ df^ut on

boitfd any other <hip or boat, contrary to1 the

meaning of this act, and aMb the cfcflrt and veflfeW Jti

of the said speeves of fish (hell found..i v l o^rr/r

XIII. And be it further enacted by the That the several rates and duties vthfch shall % e ehhrgedby virtue of this act upon fish brought from Sebtladd', or thd Inlands thereunto belonging, into England, tf^ates^ov Befttfret: upon Tweed, as aforesaid, shall be levied, chargedbrought? iri, applied, issued and disposed of to the fatrii pttfpofesi fh the same proportions, as the duties upon salt arid6fck jMf* arfif ate duties upon red herrings and white hetrings,; are brought in, applied, issued and disposed of bf virtud^f^by-aS or aAsof parliament now in force.

XIV. And be it further enacted* Thfct if ariy*perife^ok^ fons do presume to counterfeit, rafe, Or alter any CAfififcaf^Gf cocquet, by this act directed to be made $ or shalldfet^ahy1!^-certificate or cocquet, knowing the same to be (b ooubfcrffeited, rased or altered, such person or persons shall iriciir the p&fos which are by law inflicted on persons found guilty offorg^ry

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act passed in the ftfth year of the rtigri^f his present Majesty, intituled An act for reviving the duties art salt, as relates to the importation of white herririgs frorri «SV^f-land into England, be, and is hereby repealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall falsly make any oath by this act directed to be made, and shall thereof be legally convicted*its* afiy of; his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, such personjfo guilty shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and be iriq-prisoned for twelve months.'\ v.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afoftSfihJ, That the several penalties and forfeitures in this act mentioned, shall and may be prosecuted and determined by bill, plain* orr information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record qt minster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respfcByq^:, -? whetein no essoin, proteAion or privilege, wager of law, or more, than one imparlance shall be atlowed; and one moiety.of the T said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the use of his A^jesty, and the other moiety to such person or persons as will sue toror: prosecute the same.

XVIII. And to the end that no person in the highlands of Scotland, or the remote iflarids thereunto belonging, iqpy pretend to be or remain ignorant of those regulations, which mow immediately concern them, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the trustees for the fishery andmi-nufactures of Scotland shall, as soon as may be, transmitonecqpy...of this act to each of the ministers of the several parishe^whhin the synods of Argyk, Ross, Murray, Sutherland and Cqitbnefbiiid Orkney \ and that each of the said ministers shall, hnmwwe^ after* divide service, on the la (I Sunday of the mohiti of jtdajf in

every

1356J1 Awio/ionfuf q Sillt <x> «<&. 44$

ferfoftr f«ccefliya years, (Jomnapicin|jwithiiih« yeiur t-My-'i"'*> tlwHfrfliseven hundred ant} fiftyseven, publick; lyyaadibty, and difw.dtyi wad to his ppdftikmers, in the langdage beftxm-derstood by them, the foitner part of this a$t, from the-begin-ningjthfiripof; to the copelyfion of the third enactingdause; and A

alfp that the judge* of Scotland shall order the said part of this ?"'atfeby the' aA.to fee pphlickly, audibly* and distinaiyread at the opening of each circuit court, to he held at Invcraro and fnverness every*r

ye^r for fpui; years fu^effively, begitming in the year one thou-

iai^jd (ev^, hundred and fifty (even.

hKIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Th^t if1^ny> ^or> or suit ft\ajl be commenced against any per-fqq orpewnsfor any thing donc in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, may plead the -

and give this act, and the special matter in evi- General Ifltie.] deqeev at; any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act: and if ft,

shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the de-fondant 03 defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontini^ his or their action or actions, after the dffpndaht or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment

shall bfi given upon any verdict or demurrer against the

plaintiff; tlip defendant or defendants shall and may recover 1

treble cpfts* and have the like remedy for the same, as any de- Treble cost«. fendant or defendants have in other cases by law*

CAP. XXIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the sinking fund, and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousam feye# hundred and fifty six.

Most gracious Sovereign,

TJfTE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commens of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to faife the residue of the necessary supplies, which we havechdotfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, by ways and means the least burthensome to your Majesty's fbbjeds, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sums herein after merttiondd; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advfed anff'consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons iti this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the sum of two hundred fifty five thou-

fend rlirie hundred and fifty five pounds; eleven shillings, and dus of the >. »? eleven ptn<te halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the fixche- unking fund; r qutr, of the incotrie of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, retnaming in <, % and tevehdes, composing the fund, commonly called quarl*

Binh'nr the quarter ended the fifth day of April one ter endin*

"&..... - ': l thousand irU

Vru

1 ' 1 J.5

i n*yllT.rt it w <-nu

*i 'v;

c^iu'^no't >*A>ii V'11 (V-M^VOS /iiiuqqs

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. & 84?/>l

thousand seven hundred and fifty six, shall and may be jflued and applied, for and towards the supply granted to his Majesty, for the fenrice of the year one thousand seven hundred'ind and thecoitimissioners of his Majesty's trealbfy, of any'ttirtetr or more of tWln now being, or the high trtafta^r, w Any three or more of the coramUfioners of the tfeafary for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered {Q tfTuO and apply the lime accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority' aforefiU That by or out of such monies as shall thereafter froth time To time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur-piufies, excesses, overplus monies, and other rev emits corbfbfitlg

the said fund (after paying, or refefving sufficient to pay, all such

out of Z'r'^um* money as have been direffed by any former1* or act

growing pro- of parliament to be paid out of the same) there (hat) and may duceof the in like manner be issued and applied, a fumnot eXCefdftg; the said fund, sum of one million and three hundred thousand pounds, for and towards the said supply. '

III. And be it further enacted by the authority afortffeM, That the several sums amounting In the whole to fbi1 ttini of

miming in the e'ghly l^ree thousand four hundred and twelve podri<ftT^two exchequer, un- shillings and five pence halfpenny, remaining in the t'eddfpt of appropriated, the exchequer, being monies disposeable by patlianieAffbr the grantedforthe publick service, be in like manner issued and applied it the ftid

Stli' for* towards the said i^Pply-

IV. And whereas it may so happen, That there may le d ijrirtl tf money for carrying on the current service of the year itfe v mdfemi

The aforesaid fi^ hundred and fifty six, before monies sufficient may % hbe<aftfbi too ooool*lt0 ttriepitr, froh the said surplusfies, excesses % if dtfyfbt may°be bo'r- wnits^tammonly called The sinking fund to satisjy andpdy ipifili rowed on the fvnt of one million and three hundred thousand pounds > ^by ibii as credit of the granted; jt such case it shall and may be lawful to ihd 'for'Htf fitkfcfctg fund. conutoissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any tfifee or f. store of them now befog, or the nigh treasurer, or iity tftrt* of

more of the commissioners of the treasury for the ttoie belrig^ by warrant under their hands, to permit and ftrfftr any'WSffiSi or persons, body or bodies poKtick or corporate, to lend unto his Majesty, at the receipt of his excheijubfi so mdefi money as together with the monies then remaining ini Jthe exchequer, of the said fiirplufles, excesses or overalls ^monies, shall be wanting to compleat the said sum of one million ^nd three hundred thousand pounds, upon the credit of the grw* ing produce of the said surplusses, excesses or overpld* mofries, and to be repaid out of the same, as they shall quartto^'ift^ wards arise, together with interest for the forbearanife rfietedfin the mean time; any thing herein before contained fb the contrary notwithstanding.

with 83, 41*1.8,

447

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. G. as-'

CAP. XXV.

An act for appointing a Efficient number of constables far the service of the.city and liberty of Westminster; and

to compel proper persons to take upon them the office of ju- rymen, to present nuisances, and other offiences, within the said city and liberty.

WHEREAS by reason offomt defeflsin an off E1-JZ> Pr-_

passed in 1 be twenty seventh year of the reign of Eli- Vate. zabeth, intituled An a<9: for the good government of the city and borough of Westm'mjler in the county of Middlesex-, the publick ways and passages art greatly obflruihd, and many other annoyances and offences art daily committed within the said city and borough: and whereas by rtafon of the great inertafe of buildings in Westminster of late years, and of fomt irregularity in the appointment of tonstables for the said city and borough, there is sent a sufficient number of those officers for the service of Westminster: to remedy which said evils; may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it tnay be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons iii this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fifth day of June one thou Hand seven hundred and fifty six, the dean of the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Westminster, for the time being, or the high steward of the city and liberty of for the time being, or his lawful deputy, is hereby authorized and required (calling to his assistance the burgesses of the said city and liberty of Westminster, if the said dean, or high steward or his deputy,

shall think fit) at a court leet to be holden for the said city and liberty, on Tuesday next following the feast of Saint Michael the archangel in every year, yearly to appoint eighty able and Eighty cpnfts-fit persons residing within the said city and liberty, being arti-^aP* ficers, or persons using any trade of buying or selling (alehouse- jyf*r the*city keepers, victuallers, or persons retailing spirituous liquors, only and liberty of excepted) to be constables for the said city and liberty of West- Westminster, minster, being duly presented thereto, in manner herein alter -mentioned, and directed.

II. And for the better and more easy executing the said office^ choseil

5>f constable, and for preserving the peace in Westminster. \ be it out of the fe-urther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the constables veral pariOiet, to be appointed as aforesaid, mail be chosen out of the several, nd m t.be parishes in Westminster as followed*} that is to say. There fhiU Eeremen"* be yearly chosen out of the parish of Saint Margaret fourteen; tioned j out of the parish of Saint John the Evangelist four; out of the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields fourteen; out of the parish of Saint George Hanover Square twelve; out of the parish of Saint James fourteen; out of the parish of Saint Anne cjjht; / out of the parish of Saint Paul Covont Garden fix; out of the parish of Saint Clement Dancs&s.-, and out of thcpariflvof Saint % Mary

448

who are to take the ufudl oath of office, and serve for one year.

Precepts to be issued for returning and fumraoning a Wet jury.

who are to present a certain number of proper persons out of each pai ifli to f.: rvc as con-(Ublei.

leet jury to Continue in office for onf year.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 5. [1756.

Mary le Strand two: and the constables so appointed shall take the usual oath of office, and shall do and execute aJl and every matter and thing appertaining and belonging to the office of a constable, for the space of one whole year, to commence from their appointment to the said office, ' or until other persons shall be appointed in their (lead, or shall find fit and able persons, to be approved of by the said court Ieet, to serve and take the oath of the office of constable, as their deputies, and in their room and (lead; such other persons not being alehousekeepers, vi&uaU lers, or persons retailing spirituous liquors.

III. And in order that fit and proper persons may be appointed to the said office of constable; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said dean of JPeftminjlir for the time being, or the said high steward for the time bone, or his deputy (calling to his assistance the burgesses of the said city and liberty of if the said dean, or high steward, or hM

deputy, (half think fit) shall and may, and he is hereby author* rized and required to issue out a precept or precepts within six weeks before the feast of Saint Michael in every year, directed to the high bailiff of Westminster, who is hereby authorized, directed and required to obey the Came, to impanel and return forty substantial housholders and traders redding within the said several parishesin Westminster, in the proportions before mentioned) and to summon such persons to appear at such time and place is Ri such precept or precepts shall be directed and appointed; and put of the persons so impanelled, summoned and returned, the said dean, or high steward, or his deputy (calling to* his assistance the burgesses of the said city and liberty of Westminster, if the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, shall think fit) shall, at a court to be held by him for that purpose, nominate and appoint so many as he shall think fit, not exceeding thirty, taking care that one or more be nominated out of each of the said parishes; and that the persons so nominated and appointed shall be called The Lift Jury, and shall be sworn to present to the said court fit and proper persons to be chosen and appointed constables for the service of the city and liberty of Westminster for the year then next ensuing; that is to say. The said jury shall present to serve as constables for the parish of Saint Margaret twenty eight; the parish of Saint John the Evangelist eight; the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields twenty eight; the parish of Saint George Hanover Square twenty four; the parish of Saint Janus twenty eight; the parish of Saint Anne uxteen; the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden twelve; the parish of Saint CUmert Danes twelve; and the parish of Saint Mary U Strand four out of which said number so presentedthe said court shall, at the time, and in the manner and proportions herein before directed, appoint eighty to be Constables to serve for the said city and liberty and the persons so nominated and appointed to be 7be Leet Jury, shall continue in the said office for one whole year, pr rill othersjare appointed and sworn in their room and dead.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

'*- fore.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. cv-a H*

afiy parfonwho flvriJ be kxmvMrtd fine on

WA»|W>?iJifv by virttteof anff preeeptorp*0*t» Vafidy^wiiMi.'to lakMipw him tba said office ol(^)W^g toLpear;

to appear according to thediredhon of (bchuo execute the shall qifufetp take upon ihim the (^office Gfjury-^c*i{<N0£Jh^uatp appo*«Mpd) or shall at any time?refufo fid mc.n-

E^prffignt proper, perfopa to be confines, being duly ^4) for that puj$>o&* overy such perfoa shall forfeit the»

/g^ (hvllvoiwbiebdaid sum of forty shillings shall be set upon him by the said court, by way of fine for such h>s con*

U* be.r^overed in such manner a* is herein af-

y, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Precepts to be W4icwry person and persons who shall be presented issued tbrfiwn-WtWi*WiV 4farefoid» as At apd proper persons for the offico^fc^rcd qk coh^sch^shall by a. precept or precepts from the 4bid court, to serve

jby the petty ^onrtabies to whom such precept shall contWbtes, to ^t4ir^r, to appear, at theiaid court lept, to be holder) for the anemi the 9tty^wid, liberty of Westminster*, to take upon them the said office; court» aq4 in.case any perfoa that shall be so summoned, shall neglect to>

Wding to thediredlionaf such summons (proof being made.of the service of fupli summons 9a oath) or appearing, and on their 1^1 rcifole-to. take upon him the office of constable, being the re- rrfufi* to at* unto appointed as aforesaid, or to find a fit and able person, then are to* tp take, upon, him the; said office in his (lead, every such person, fJJejt shall forfeit the lum of eight pounds; which said sum of eight p9Und$AaU be set upon him by the said court, by way of fine, for such. Ida contempt or refu&l to take upon him the said office)* to be. uncovered in ujch manner as is herein after directed;

VI, AqA bp it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the/aid dan, or high fteyyard, or his deputy, shall and may* adjour7* hp: is hereby authorized and.empowered to adjourn the said fl0m time to qour? Icelfcom time, to time, as he shall think fit: and in case rime; and on any constable shall die, remove.out of the parish for which he; deat^ was appointed, or shall be discharged from his said office on ac*.^VOgnjt of his inability, or Cor pother just caiife, it shall be lawful constable, for buq, > and he is hereby authorized and impowered, at such others to be4i<Wned courts* to furamon others before him, being Rented to

printed by the jury as aforesaid; which said jury, the said dean,

Or high Upward, or h^s, deputy, shall summon for that purpose, the office, and to appoint one or more of such fit person or persons to fervo as copftables pr cppstable id the room and (lead of such person or persons (half die, be removed or discharged as aforesaidj injike pa?ui)cr as is before directed for appointing constables St the annual leet; and all persons who shall be so summoned and appointed, are hereby Required to appear and take upon them*or find other fit persons to take upon them the executioivof the,

said ofoce, qi> pain of the like penalties and forfeitures as are* before inflicted upon persons refusing to appear, according to the -

direction.of their summons, or, to.take upon them the execution, of the.ojice of coastabk*, at, the auoual leet.*-.'

you Xtl.^' G g*' va. Pro-

45°

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. it

Pfovidett' Always, 'and' be it further eiiic

years.

r

75?.

thfejm-

None liable T4 % atn6 person wHofrUh bP

rvc as con- hlftfelf e* deputy, i«W oAt^of e<M^flOU

' itoe pwfenttidagfcm 1o the said office W fttfcfl1 be H$r

appointed to serve the feme1 in tef* than seven years-after tht ^ftd or juryman, of such fcrrm^r fervkre j and that no person wtaPhat# Iteci^dr more than shall be nominated and fttom tob^ori-lhe tebt ihfth

rctm seven Served or shall serve the said office crfjuryrtH^so^ wa l fommoned or appointed to serve the fekf bmce, in fefakhaft fePfa

years after the end of such former ferrite.1,1*-

VIII. And be it farther enacted by Ito atfthdrfty tffbrtfW, That the said dean, or high steward, or his dcpbty? ^fhhllylk the said court leet to be holder! cst\Tuesdayttcii after Saint Michael yearly, appoint an ible per fen, being atYattifkfer, or using same trade of buying and selling, and ttOt bd^h alehouse-keeper, victualler, or retailer of ^iritadta1f?^bb^ afo be high constable of the said city and liberty of Westminster^ b duly fammoned for that purpose, who shall take the Sfum i

of office, and do and execute all and every matter' ttniM__, o

ufeal oath of appertaining to the office of high constable for the spice^bf iste office, and whole year, to commence from his appointment to of-

fice, or until another person shall be appointed in Kfeftdad;*ttd that in case of the death or removal of such Irfgh said dean, or high steward, or his deputy, shall at (bate ad* joumment of the said leet, appoint another person to serve in his room, being duly summoned for that purpose.

IX. Provided always, That no person (hill' fefVd tf&fkkl office of high constable for more than three yedt#togethtit}<*M every person who shall be fe summoned and appoifttdd^tt^fiefe* by required to appear and take upon him the said office of high constable, on pain of forftterttgtttfe <AfiW % f twenty pounds; which (hid fern shall be set up&ttififcfc tfYWij

not fervi^the of fine, for such his contempt or tefufil to take upbri mft Be said office. fed-office; to be recovered in such manner as herein after

redted. .'.<; 1.: w .1 iufom io

X. And whereas the ebjtruflhnof the puHici wOffMi^ffit^es ^edferrew in^ Westminster, and Mhtr annoy antes aHd offences cMMkte&lbere-turmng and fey art gtMlty owing to the want of 4' Jitffkhnt pwikf>4k 'frinktl funaruomng persons to take upon them the office of jurymen, topr/ftht+fibfltmsn annoyance anj other effhuts committed in Westminster, and to

juryr easy method of recovering the amerciaments Jit by fikb-jvO

therefore ettacted by the authority aforefrtdi Tlfet^h^feid^ftto,

or high steward, or his deputy, thetwb chief bufgdfes^fr

mrfler, and the other burgesses for the time be4rtgirW«fly^ftk

of them* whereof the said dean, high stewardf

or one of the said two chief burgeflb, to be

may, and they are hereby authorized end

every year, to iiTuc out their precept or pftmptetitidfr

<snon fed of thdr court, directed to the high bail ilf of Wljfbrfo

Jieri> who is hereby authormed, ^dire6ied' and fMplhOd: tO % lk]r

the same, to impanel and return Mfial faMteftn

- !..G _ - \iZ t lUthiw l-iVC'lcgy

High constable to be chosen, who is to take the

serve for one year.

On his death or removal another to be appointed.

serve a* high -cpnftrable for iWfthan three, year* together.

3

O

i m. tftis, prgpprtwjns before-mentioned, and; to "'" dt

ifrfWiefhfofih peribafs toapptgr before them, at such time, and .'/Wfbrf; fosffcas-in foeb precept or precepts (hell be, set forth}, and, pi^ofl thftperfbfts so impanelled, fuqunooed and returned, the T, ., o, ^iid dean, ^hjgh.steward, or his deputy, the said two chief bur- T

&^ % daiwithe.other hurgeiges, or, any five, of them, wheteof, the}; said! doa*»i; h'gh steward, or his deputy, or one of the two chief burgesses, to be one, shall, at a court to be held for that, fNWftflb qommate and appoint so many as they shall think pro- Oath to be, jper, npt exceeding forty eight, talcing care that one or more be taken by the igKjpapiated tom of each of the said parishes; and that the feve- jnry.

so nominated and appointed shall be called The LftPWP&i y^ivand shall take an oath to the effect following; eW^oh.^ath the said court, ase heteby impowered to administef.

'LiUOd (*'; / aV.' k / i

hI-Ak- Jb--.dc> Jwtarx That I will diligently esquire and make true ^f^Jtty^ttneHi to this court of all such annoyances, and other

vtji&tHShotkf t shall be committed in Westminster, during the time Sqf WAitVftf nuancein the office tubereunto I am nous appointed: and bttvt'f.jciill present no person- or thing through hatred or malice^ tier zkPW.Q'IJ.Mliprtfented through love, favour or affection.

-bt, \'£T;

L, iclX&: ?rav>ded always, and be it enacted by the authority.m.aflrr1' (j9^dM, That in, case any perfect who shall be summoned as afopefoi^jo take upon him the said office of j.uryman, shall ne- summonfed^rt-gfodt. orctefufc to appear according to the direction of so<h fmn- fufingta apu -uVWnd, or>appearing, shall refuse to take upon him the said office /(being aherewito appointed jr.ey.etv person so offending, shall, for- lawvf jiiiy-jfflit*M fora of forty shillings* whkb said futn shall be fee upon

klip hyjhfl.feid court, by way of fine, for fooh his contempt > .'>.VU or refusal to take upon him the said office; to be recovered in idtlriiTOtMW as is herein after directed.

vv.X^lv^nd be it further ew<Sed by the authority aforesaid, _n'r '2 '.iT'hat tbojw of Annoyance to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fob - ani^La(kct.^d#ithemfolves into fmalfa' bodies, not being, less than twelve jury in* eourt -jrr^a^bady, and they are hereby authorized and required, as-whhrdftA-to j/o^n {tsjhey shall be directed by the said court, ftricily to in- the Pave* .^uigeLtftto, and present to the said court, according to their tfnh»uUpdfc, their own view and knowledge, all defective and tiens anden.

bfd. pavements, and all annoyances in, obstrit&iops of, or ea- croachmeott CitowfcmrPte upon, any of the publick ways or p»stages.; with- in the publick iibi tPfift'd'Jfity or liberty $ and the said jury shall give deleave wa-VJ»

gee in iwrking of their intention, to present the same, at. the ffiflTTbBHfoatO-wb^b such defective pavements belong, or to fWoftOTipetfotM who shall cause or suffer such zoaoyances, /Okftw^trtfejOr e#«ro»ehflriemsjt aodif such'pavenaieotMre not /aweilWd qErfo^oroy^hiifodthtft.ontqrijen-.'roachmwiss, bfdmoved within fourteen days after such notice given, then the

So help me GOD.

ting the jury, in the execution of their office.

Duty of the jury and court, with

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

said jury shall amerce the person pr, person| inhafeitW; fipufe or houses, or causing or (u{for|hg fijch'wn&yal structions or encroachments, ip loch (urns tJseV ft 40, fine on according to the nature oft^ 9rericfc,; ^tW

person, insult-onY millings for any one offence; to be recovered mruch^annpr ing or obstruc. as is herein after directed; and if any person qr jteffdita'ftijl 'abuse or insult any of the said Annoyaffcti, WKeri m^v'a^e

in the execution of their office, or shall any w*v 'qbfcrfl«'tnra in executing the duties of the said office, it shall be'faWj^?qr any one or more justice or justices of the peace fortbe laid !ciry and liberty of Westminster, upon the feist alled»e<| opini a.uly proved upon the oath of two or more credible, y?itnp{R^ft6] rate such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, iriativ'v&nri'tiitt exceeding forty shillings; to be recovered in such rtiarifidr as'is

«.P i- r\ i 1 li-MmiKKIf. U>

herein after directed.,*-

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority That where the said Jury of Annoyance shall upon their view as aforesaid, find any bad or defective payment, belon^irft t&'|any reipe# to the empty house or building within the said city or liberty, bt iny pavements annoyance before such house or building, it shall and1 ^ijfc'be anc4befow lawful to and for the said jury, and they are hereby authbrKed, empty hoofes. directed and required, to present such defective or

ment, or such nuisance, to the said court of burgeffSsj 'frrft leaving notice in writing on the door or other publick part of such empty house or building, of their intention to present thfc"friTie; and in case the owner or owners, proprietor or propri&6r&?; of such house or houses, building or buildings, shall not within fourteen days after such notice given as aforesaid, " c^ft^Yi&h pavement to be amended, or such annoyance removrtl^hm ffie said court shall forthwith cause such pavement to or such nuisance to be removed, and the said jury ftvalj the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of tocn'h&&fe or building, in such sum or sums of money as by ffifednto/iftd directions of the said court shall be laid out and t^Hdea in making good such defective pavement, or removi fance, and the charge attending the same; which Affierdament ment or amerciaments so set as aforesaid, shall be the

may be levied next tensmt or tenants, occupier or occupiers; of th^ gTOund floor of such house or houses, building or bqiidifc^i1 m°fllch manner as is herein after directed for the levying of oth^ am/ir-ciaments that shall be set and imposed by virtue of t^is'i^f kid it shall and may be lawful to and for such tenant orrtenaht^jc-

on the succeeding tenant, A

who if to de-dud

out of the relit.

cupier or occupiers, of such houses or buildings,: wni the time ^uin^ums money so amerced as aforesaid [it: f the Pay the same voluntarily) to dedud and detain out of tKeir sent

then due, or thereafter to grow due, all and evety such lutti br sums of money as they shall so pay. v u " 'V

Duty of the

XIV. And for preventing persons dealing by unlawful WelfeKts, jury with re- balances or measures, within the said city or libertyc^ ffiw&ik-spedto fer\ be it further enacted by the authority afpfeffid, /'Spit the msSurei.11^Annoyance Jury shall and are hereby authortzwafla

ered.

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 25.

ereq., at all seasonable times in the day time, to enter into any shop^O^fe or warehouse, within thefaia city and liberty, Ijdbttg^ 5 gjfoany perfori or persons that deal by weight or tnctkrrt1; 10 if the said jury shall fin'd' any weight, balance' or measurtf.

m

in

aa

to' ^ejpqlawfufor defective, it shall and may befawfuHo and Me t heTa^ jury, and they are hereby directed and ret^rt^d, to break and aestroy the same, and to amerce the person or persons so offending* in such sum or sums of money as they shall think '[

proper, according to the fiafure of the dstence, not exceeding forty shillings for any one offence.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority "c I, aW« to aforesaid, That no person who hath been or shall be nominated ^Lance1* and appointed to be on the Annoyance Jury, and hath served o* jury morcthan Jfh % fl serve the said office of juryman, mall be again summdnetioncein three or appointed to serve the said office, in less than three years years* after tbp end of such former service.

XVI3 And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 4GS# on high. That in case the said high bailiff or his deputy, or other officer bailiff, or acting under him, or under the order or authority of the said <*ber officer, 'court,by, virtue'of this actor otherwise, shall ask, demand, <*r 'take of any person or persons whatsoever, any sum or sums of f^cufe pertbbB money or other gratuity or reward whatsoever, for or under pre- from appear* tepde of excufiqg any person or persons from appearing to serve,ng to serve.ac or for not summoning any person or persons to serve the said of- "not[|J^lion* fice of constable, or to serve on either of the juries aforesaid, on of on any other jury within the said city and liberty of Westmin- Tons giving //<r s qr if any person whatsoever shall give any sum or sums of any gratuity money, or other reward whatsoever, to any such officer as afore- onu^h* fold/for, or on account of excusing him from serving or being coun jummo/ied to serve the office of constable, or to serve on such jur}e$, that then and in either of such cases, it shall and may be Jawfql for any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the ( laid city and liberty of Westminster, upon the fa<ft alledged being fdi*ly proved upon the oath of two or more credible witnesses, to Jflne such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, in any sum pot exceeding forty shillings, to be recovered in such manner as js herein after directed.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pmes and / upon the non-payment of any nne or amerciament that shall be anwreument* set or imposed upon any person or persons by the authority octo be levied by this act, it shall and may be lawful for the high bailiff of an<*

mrijler %, or his deputy or deputies, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, directed and required, by a warrant or warrants from the said court leet, or by a warrant or warrants under the common seal of the said court of biirgeffes, or by a warrant or warrants from the justice or justices of the'peace before whom any such person or persons shall be convitfted as aforesaid, to levy all and every such fines and amerciaments as shall be set and imposed as aforesaid, by distress of the goods and chattels

'of every such person or persons as shall be fined or amerced as ^fofefai^ being the ft reftantor inhabiting withitf the said city or 4 - - - Ggj bbet*

45* vUefww wPPtttRff % ©» flv ft

cafefhqfiMl no^M^tncd w

owner. «pw»<,

For want of W^foato.<&a*ge$ of M>forft>4.W>R distrest.andon ^wicrp Hall apt b^t

non-payment Xaid city andfibcrty, whereof such, (6 % or, #ne^r offender to be, of atjier<; i»aieut$, can be Jeyied (the a

commuted. 4-tfef, n(j 4pon the non- payment of such fi^ or '& xiaipent or aperejamentf, it ihaJJ atjd mfyrbp lawftj^ or more justice or justices of the ppce, by warrant! their hand and feat, or hands and fealfy er or offenders to pne of his j^eltys*city or liberty of Westminster> to reform of ten days, unless be, (he or iliey shall topper ^ay, cy Jbe paid, the said fine or fines, amerciament so imposed as aforesaid; in which case, fee, /Ke oaf ^0eV, £«Tgfijg-ment thereof, shall be forthwith discharge4 <^of,; ct«tpa

Fmea tobe

XVIII. And be it further enacted by tneaut^'

paid over to That all and every the fine or fines which shall, _T

she overseeri.^j by virtue of this act, shall, frpoi fibelWl

lid oTthe m be, paid by the high bailiff of Westminster, or otherpm^ poors rate. whose hands the same shall come> within fourteeb^nexf after the receipt thereof, to the overseers of the P?WJ^j|W time being of the several parishes in Westminster respediVeiy, out of which the same shall be. so recovered, who shall give a receipt or receipts for the same; and the said overseers are hereby directed and required to apply the fakl fine of'fihes fdth^iwe tifes and purposes that the poor rates in the said fetteral yfgM\e % are by law to be applied; and shall duly account upot*P*tS\ for the same at the time, and in manner, they; 3^pb % f< to ^account for all other films of money thatihalj con^mto.tpeir foands* and all and every the amerciament and

Of

thp

Amerciaments set by the annoyance jury, to

co to'tte i, igh-which be.fct ar^ imposed by <hc said Am^iUftr bailiff, and recovered by virtue of this act, mail be applied anoW

court of bur* £c(tts.

Limitation

adjoin.

in manner following; that is to say, The said high time being, shall be, and he is hereby intitled to qper t half part thereof, and shall receive and take the same to 4*fe, and the other moiety qr haJt part thereof shall be ta^oig^l applied by the said court of burgesses to pay the neceflfoy cnaijgjjf and expences that shall attend the execution of this, a# of

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authorityVfarqi That if any suit shall be brought or commenced agaitrft^ person or persons for apy thing dope so pursuance of* ttt$j jent act, or in relation to the premises, that in evpry Stu^hj, tlvc action shall be commenced within six months next-atfo iaft committed, and not afterwards; and shall be fspp1 brought in the county of Middlijsx^ and not eliewhe^e9 exg the person or persons against whom such action shall Be bjr9 shall remove into and reside in the city of Xoi$: n± so -v m case, the said action shall be laid and brought so the city^ XondQH \ and thedefepdant or defendants ip such

1756 ij Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

to general issue, and give this act'General issue*

atftf HSfeTOteial matter in fcvidencei iflifty trial to be bad tfaeris' upttif^tftat th9 (Sfoe was done in puriuarice an$I by the auf th^ri^Vbereds; and if it shall appear so rp be d6n$, dr if any? tn, a

fitch tfdabht*r feit shall be brought after the rime before lifnitecf: ^? h

foPHtthging the same, dr AiD be brought in any other county. '

eity erf'place, than the ebunty of Middlesex (except in such case ai aferfdaid) that then anS irtTuch case the jury shall find for 1 lMo* iht defendant or defendants! and if upon such Verdict, or if tfbe ^a^tiff or plaintiffs AaU become nonsuit, or discontinud hid, 'hdr pr their action or aAiods; or if a verdict shall pass a-gamft plaintiff or plaintiffs $ or if upon demurrer, judgment (half be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the de- Treble co&u fbndaiir or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the Kfce remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath dr have rpr costs of salt, in other cases by law.

XX. Provided always, That this act, or any thing or matter Exemptions thereah contained, shaft not extend to the church or college of from thiraA? WtfMtnJhr, nor to the close of Westminster, nor to any person' '

erf Tpersons inhabiting within the site, circuit or precinA of the 1

Kid dhurch, college or close, for any offence or mifgovemment -

jktj he committed by them or any of them, within the site, cir^.

chit or precinA of the said church, coHege or dole.

CAP. XXVI.

Aftvfw further continuing an ait of the sixth year of the: ]rtfgn of his present Majesty, for securing and encouraging v t the trade of his present Majesty's sugar colonies in Arae--'ki&L i to indemnify comnnffmers of the land tan for counties^a

]' [fit large and ridings, who have ailed by virtue ofleafcbold

f'fftatesi and to obviate a doubt relating to the qualification^v' ^CGrOrnffioners of the land tax, for the city and liberty of Westminster.

WHEREAS an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his $ gco# tt £ JV rrW-T preftrtt Majesty, intituled An Act for the better feciwing 'arid^rieduraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; and which by several subsequent acts hath keen continued, until the twentyfourth day of June$«r thousand/even hundred and fiftyfix, baw by expedience been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring', may it therefore please your Majesty, that it rhay be enacted'; $na be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty,

'try and' with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and 'temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, Further con-Iftrid the fem^ i$ hereby further continued from the expiration

P^hweof, ' for the <erm of three years. "* ytv*'

T 1L find whereas in an act made in this fejjien of for C|aufcj m

btf'dn 'aid to his Majesty'by a land last, for the of the veral land tax

stie 'thousand seven hundred and fifty six} and-alfi in for- aft*, respectGg+ OT/rting the qua.

4$£ Aopo >vi<J4t\ipo north G&oROir ft <b&

Mcation of merfiksferg^anung, a fond tax foMsM&jeftfr for fo&foe* pjfjht

commission- years fa sofa a#s fj^onOd;, it ju& enafrtd* fpftipxr- i

JW fault be capabk of aft'tng. as fi\ tmmfjkMwr, tf

such fists respectively, or any of the pmirs)t farm mkdirfodM any county at large, within England* tkefamift'm of Watesi (jfs*? W is therein excepted) vr in nr for} fifty qffay, dingy fiftiht York, unless such person was feifedanf fijfeffod ffortfa* dftftftmmti or hereditaments, which were taxed, of did pay in thefmeIfOf&fpor'riding; for the value of one hundred pounds f*r Wt\wth qr^vUftre f his own cslate, to the land tax for the preceding year iMn&\tAkereas fraeralpersont appointed of for, putting foebjtfftjrs jM&ftr - tien, within counties at large, or within the said ridings, herue erfid as commissioners by virtue of being ppffojfod of leasehold estates, so term or terms of years, and of being taxed, or having to fbe load 'trix for such efates, to the amount, and in the manner m Mi JfopiWi mentioned, and thereby may have incurred the forfdtumr/hm&i9i in the fetid acts; be it therefore enacted' by the adthotiljpafcHMhid,

That every such person .(Kill be, and ls herelw iodtomvfied for

indTmnifieder8^v^nB as a commissioner in the execution of fw^h ^s; for having and is hereby exonerated, freed and discharged, &f aqdfiToIqj act afied under penalties and forfeitures incurred or to be incurr^, before the the said acts i twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven Hiihcfrid % nd fjftyfix, for or upon account of at^Hngin the'^xefeOtiii'df acts.; any thing in the said. acts, or either of them, containccfno the contrary notwithstanding, -J-'.u

if judgment«V'J1 h*Provided always, That this act shall not extend against them cute or set aside any judgment, against any person for-haying n0t j rea<iy. s&e^ io the execution of any or either of the said acts,; without obtained. being qualified in the manner required by such acts fcfpe&iwdy. Clauses in the«'41V. And whereas by the said acts for granting aide to bb Majesty recited act rc ty'd land taxi> it isienctfied, That no person Should be capfibie^ofecSting fyefting the xx*commissioner in the execution of> such a&S'refo^ruefo^kdpyM qualiheation (reaversjberein. contained, within the dtyandliberty ffiW*A»*-

>* fler, unkfo such person was foifed and pojfojfed of lands, ' tmetm*fr*r wtAnunfter, hereditaments, being freehold, copyhold or< leasehold, over artetuebou? f*lall ground rents, intumbronees and other reservations, payable if,

- lA or to-respect of such leasehold estates which were taxed, ond didfafin the said city and liberty, for the value of twenty pOwids pnr tftonitnm more, -of his own estate to the laniyiax, fcr theforvite of tht resprftvbe years mentioned in the said several acts:, and whereas same doubts sank firifen upon the cotojlruftion of the said fevttal acts, in relation>c$ ibe 'lommiffwien atting within the said city and liberty; be ittherefoisee^-'acted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That ihej&uLfb-veral acts did, do and (han extend, and ou^it to becoaftnxd, adjudged and taken to extend, ' to authorize all and.erery of the commissioness named in, or appointed by the said ferdrAads,

Or any of them, who were, are or (hatt be^ at the dinestheir >ding as xominifljoners, Within the £iid7city or liberty^ pdDSfff-e<l of any leasehold estate or estatesy over and abow: Aground rents, incumbraricesy and other reformations, ipaysiWcbut'of^>r piTcfpedof tho femey whiph woreUXtd uni>didipay, in'^e: v fcid

17^6.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c.-tj. 45

fhWi cky-of liberty, for the value of twenty pounds p/r <; of

nwXre} tofhis»own estateto- thfr land tax, for the fcrvke of tf^fe.

YefpcdWve yeats mentioned in the said several acts, to put the said feverafa&S, artd' a)i and every* the powers therein contained in «t*ecu]ti&ri; Ah 'as full and ample a manner, as if such person or persona had been, or wefre fcifed and possessed of any freehold Wtftfpyhofdestate or eftitlw, 'Which'were tatfed, and did pay to th^sand tax, within the1 said city or liberty, for the said re-tpOdWvcyearBj in the Add acts mentioned, for the same value} any thing in the (did m part recited acts, dr any or either of them, to the contrary thereof'in any wise notwithstanding.

-\vA % V > fVs'\ '

-n'CAP. XXVII: '

the all of Jbt twenty second year of his (for amending, explaining, and reducing parliament* the laws relating to the Ids Majesty's ships, vefifcls, and foitds r: t v byi&O Ho fiteb officers, seamen and others, as shall serve oh '51 £ B&$d'jb{s 'Majestfs ships or vessels employed upon the tabes, '*

fyafcr?, or rivery, North America..J

W.HE*SAS divers of his Majestys flaps or vessels are at r vfV ymeftn^ and may hereafter hi occaflcmdiy employed in and up* on certain lakes, great waters, or rivers in North America, not within Ifmhiy cf any county afluotty settled by the King's subsists, 1 u

rOfidutider the regular government of his laws ancUourts, although the r

J&ntmiybfiuitbinhis Afajfflscbmimiom: now matter to afo-vfetcmogft doubts which may a rife touching the stood regulation ^md^govetnment of all such officers, seamen and others, a* do, or f^ the tnaac being, fltaH serve on hoard any of his Majesty*., r

N^ai^shipsOr ve&ls lo employed as aforesaid; be it enacted by t

4hcr&ingfs\most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and -eonfeut of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this extendadto^ parliament assembled, and by, the authority of the same* officewsad' That i certain act ofparhament made in the twenty second year fanfeafcring ^ofthereiga of his present Majesty(intituled An act for amend* |nM* ifigj explaining and reducing into one act of parliament, the bun re- in

-Wing to the government of his Majesty's flaps, vessels and forcer by the lakes, &c. sett) and all and every the articles, orders, powers, authorities^ in North A-dauses, matters and thinrgsthcrein mentioned and contained* merica, ffatllbe/ and shall be deemed and taken to be in full forces and shall be bbserved, -used, exorcised, performed and executedfor the trial and puntihinentaf all and every, )or any such offences -dr offence specified or mentioned in the same act of parliament,

which have been or shall be committed by any officers; seamen or other'perfoas iv(pe£tf*dy, who do, or for the time being, -(HaU^erveonboird of any of his Majesty1 said ships -ox veffds teraployted in cot upon such lakes, greet waters, or rivers in NnthAmitka^ awfullyandeffectuallyi to all intents andpov-poses, as if- the famfcoffenrcs'W offence, bad been coorumtfod^upon

4&

v

i Geo. s.e.ii* continued, explained and amended by the several fuWequent adb.

3 Geo. 1x.a7.

SGto.ftx.14.

v 14deo.1x.34.

ftl Geo. 1x.33.

revived and cohtrnbed to the first 6f June 1759.*

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. cyafk (T17-5S

upon the main Tea, or in great rivenB^beneath. tiiOifiUlrfccfidgcs of the said rivers nigh to the.sea, or in ray. iuvotty ^rhfter w creek within the jurisdiction of the admiralty of GrestsBrhmm.

CAP. XXVIII'!0 v.-.b

An act for reviving and eoniimttyg em'act

debtors, with respeU to (bewyrifmtmnt of tbdr

and for continuing an act'maae the loftfession parlis-

mentyto tontime fever dJamrkkting ibedifhdtpbe\

' waging among the horned cattle in this kingdom- i.s* tw'

WHEREAS fever allows herein

perience been found ufefttl and btnftial, end ar^ejxrpif^fi, near expiring j may k therefore please your MajestyK *! Vn becna&ed j and be it enacted by (he King's mcfe.WjifelfentNpf jetty, by and with the advice and -content of the Imds^fyuritud and temporal and commons ip this prelcut parUaroeat^«i?jW#d, and by the authority of the same, That to* totlje

second year of the reign of his present Majesty'Ofl for the relief of debtors, with respeQ to the imprisonment affhe* petfins) which was to continue in force for the ternxgffiw years, and from thence to the end of the then next jeJQSop. iaf parliaments and was explained and amended ty.au act.pnpifefe -tfietburdyear of the reign of his present M^ety, v^'Woifhjty a* pothered made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefer* jsfty, was further explained and amended, and continuer) Aiptolihe twenty fifth day of Marsh one thonfandfevpo bunded- apld, forty,

and feo thence to the cod of the then next feflwanfparlianpentj Agd which ty another a«5t roade-ia thefourteeoth yean of.thcjpgn of his pretoM with the fevesal articles-at^.^atfte

therein-contained (etcoapt the claufie in the said Jalopy nftqncfl act for settling mutual debts one against the qthpr, wtycfity the fold jfeb.is made perpetual) was further continued, ! fipm the expiration thereof, until the first day of June one thot^amij hundred and forty fewen, and, from thence, to the cnd.of the then next session of parliament iand which by another a# daade in (he twenty first year of the reign of his present M«W» -tHukd. Av ail to soatimee and amend fevered laws for. jibe, rtffef debtors, with- respeil to the imprisownent of 41

rtil'ifyamftake in on.ail pqffed in the kf fejfm of parfiapptnt, Jfir sontiawng fevered lowsthnem mentioned; to the one paged in the nineteenth years the ether in the his present Majesty's reign, (0 prevent th tf&t dfftefptot

amongst the horned, tattle t was (so far as relates to the^cfoqf (debtors, with respeiS to, the unprbonraent.of their persons)ifir-ither amended, and continued until the firR day fif thousand seven hundred and fifty, four, and /rotn ttyhPe to (lie end of the then, next session of parliament*, fhaRty»j$n4, $e same, whereby revived, and dull continue and be.in.force, v».-til (he first day Define one xhoyfend fevea. ui«e.

£1. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

and

[ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. 48$

an^j^mideiniihfiiaftfeffienaf parliament (intituled An aG tp it Geo. ^c.it. continue sevened; laves relating tethe Member new raging among the J

homed Sat tie in this kingdom)shall be, and the lame is hereby*9 4e*x'17 "

further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one i&odTand fevch hundred and fifty six,

: and frqqit^eqce tp th/e cpd.^ the then next session of parljp-

: Abaa&for enabling his Majesty to raise one million for the purpose therein mentioned; and for further appropriating ! - i.4 hefufipiw granted;, in tfaf fejfian of par

1'Most'jgrantus Sovereign

\»/E; yow Majesty's tnoft-dutiful and loyal subjects the " commons oftOreat Britain in parliament assembled, ha»-! Jng'fa'schn'rrrto our serious confide ration your Majesty's tnoft I e^e&r^'mefl&ge, fighify fog your Majestys hopes to be enabled,

1 Jw^ybw'fcfohful commons, to concert and take all such met-j fwes'asfoay be necessary to-dMappoint or defeatt any enter prizes dr deiigrts of your Majestyk enemies, and as the exigency'of af-| foiife ifiay require, have felblved to give and grant to your Majestytbefum of-one million for that purpose; and do therefore tnofthtifoWy beseech your Majesty that it oiay be enabled, and l btelf'enacted by the King's tnoft excellent majesty, bydnd with > theadvicC and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and 1 \

i commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- thoHly of the same, That k fheHand may be lawful to and for T1* f"»

I the Kng's most excellent majesty, by warrant or warrants un-^(e& i (Hr his royal sign manual, to authorize and impower the com- by virtue of ( fdlflfehers of his Majesty's treafory, now or for the time being, his Majesty* j W arty'three or more of-them, or the lord high treasurer for the warrant, a* ,

1 fTmeherng, at any tithe or times before the fifth day of January £*[ye'Iu one thousand seven hundred and fifty six to carife or dfaedt any lo&iii to be taken or received at his Majesty's exchequer, from anVjierfort or peffons, natives Or foreigners, body or bodies po-fhn* loir corporate; or ahy number of exchequer bills to be tf&cfoout there for any fund or sums of money, not exceeding tn toads and exchequer bilk together, In the whole, the raid, fom of-one million, in the femeor like manner, form and order, 1 and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in^hnut 1 in'and by an act of this present session of parliament for con- manner as ip I tinuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, the malt aft «f 1 jfnutrt, cyder and perry for the service of the year one thousand this

I ftvfeH'Huhdrfed and fifty six, are enacted and prescribed, con- <"r*aed»&c* cVrfjfrf^Yhie'loans or exchequer bilk to be taken or made inper-| Wee^oftKe said a*.

I Arttf1 be it'forther enacted by the authority aforesaid,

j 5Tii«1Sll'ihd, ^very! the elauses, provisoes, potvets, privileges,

ifdiarltaces, ' jfehalttes, forfeitures and di&bmties contained M naltie* copl, laid last-mtrmcmed' a^, ' telatrng to the loans or exchequer tained in the recited act, re.

CAP. XXIX.

U.IS'IC.C

.. Ji .0

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. C.a^. [[1756.

lating to loans'hjtyp autftpri^d to be made by the same act (cxcppt such wifexche<, Urtr, clwfes as do charge the same on the duties granted byjhd fijme d totUbaft. ft3*1 bd applied and extended to the loans andcxcfigqqtyr ' bills to be made in jpurfuance of this act, as fully; )nd cffyctually, to >u intents and purpose*, as if the same loans exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said lift-men tipped ad, or as if the said several clanfos pr provisoes bad hetert -paiy ticularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

Ili. And be it further, eoa<3ed by the authority aforesaid. Loans to be That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the in the nextUfuD, erect» -premium, rate and charges incident to or attending? Jihe pkejj p* same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable'Wpon* and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the hrft aids^pCifup--pliea which shall be granted in the next session parjiatjagprs and, in case sufficient aids or (applies for that purpose shall not he granted before tire fifth day of one thousand, fev<sn, huft-» uc«dred and fifty seven, then all the said loans or txcfrgqf&iy V&> grant^'before wdh the interest, premium, rate and charges incident tg^itr the 5 July tending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and phasgo-757* tl>ey are able upon such monies, as at any time or times at or a&cr-the to be charged fcjd fifth day of j^y0ne thousand seven hundred and -fifty (even

and if none sufficient be

upon, and paid out of the (inking fundj

and the monies issued thereout, to be replaced

: repl.r_

ut^Fthcftrft and out of the first supplies to bp then after granted in parjjq-UPP" ment; any thing herein contained to the contrary wtwMh-standing.t. /: i ni

Appropriation V., Provided always, and it is hereby enatSed by the apt^q-of the supplies. r*Uy aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the exchqqupf. The rponies' fy loans or exchequer biHs, upon one a6Tof this. (elQpfi

anting by the of parliament, intituled, And ft for continuing an4grpnti#g_^Ms malt tax, Majesty certain duties upon malt, mumy cyder and perry^for thefffr > >*vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and 'fifty six^ arvej to

much money, if any such be, of the duties thereby, granted* shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer, bilk ppatjc or to be. made on the same act, and all the ipterest* prf^iqm, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby, allowable/or .....y. vj bnW#

shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of, the ffpr-plufles, exeestes, overplus monies, and other revenues compofih£ the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, except Yuch monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any paffjQuJ?* hie or uses by any just or atts of parliament in that behalfj andfuefi monies of the said sinking fund shall and may he issu$4 apdap-plied, as (ooa as the same can be regularly dated and afcfrta^-ed, for and towards paying off, cancelling and difebajgipg J^ch loans ^or exchequer bills, intered, premium, rate pr charge, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and 4if-charged, cr money diffident for that purpose be kept andonq-: fervc5 in the exchequer, to be payable on demapd th^ ?c-tspective proprietors thereof. b-Mvh

IV. Provided always* and be it enacted by the authority: q-fordaid, That whatever monies shall be (o issued out of tta surplusses, excesses, overplus monies or other revei\ues^eppp|-poling the sinking fund, shall from time to time be replaced by

75*1 AhnQvicesimo noni GEORGm II- C.<2£> raisingithe said duties, shall be satisfied, of morieyfuffibient shall: f o* pnruf*be re&iefi m'the exchequer to fatSfefy and dischargt the fWme^ 7M', 'f, Kja and allb^al^ the tnonles coming into the bxcbequei* either'by (

lOafiS'Of' exfeheqfuer bills, upon one other act of mislTeffiori of parliament {intituled An act for granting an aid to bk Mafifiy tty a land to* to be raised in Great Britain for the fervid of the year tsut.

one thottfdndfivtn hundred And fifty six; and for the relief of the inhabitants of the city and county of the city of Lincoln, in rest*ft of dr*rbdfs if tb# foridfax; /and so milch money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted, is shall arise or remain after all the loans drfc'ibhequef bills made or to be made on the same act, K]fiy

and Ull Wre htterect, premium, rate and charges therebn, and the:

charges^hercfby" allowable for raising the said land tax shall be fttistiedj'Ot taoftey fuffieietit shall be reserved in the exchequer tofattefy and discharge the same; and also all the monies comity Into th^gxehequCr by contributions for annuities and a lottery granted by one other ad of this session of parliament (in-! tttuled, Act rift for granting to his Majesty the fikm of two millions Lottery^i tobit taised by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the fink-

' fundi redeemable by parliament; and for extending f<? Ireland* T: ihe laxv) made in this kingdom against private and unlawful lotteries) and also the sum of two hundred fifty five thousand nine hurt- sum* re-^dred fifty five pounds eleven shillings and eleven pence half- mauling in penny remaining in the receipt of the exchequer of the income the excw-of the fufplufles, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues q* composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the quarter ended the fifth day of April one thousand feveft Irutf-i fired and fifty six, directed to be issued and applied by one c>-kher ad. of this session of parliament (intituled An act for grant-i ing to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the sinking find; and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the fervid of the year 'oat thousand seven hundred and fifty six-,) and also the ftirft Of obe million three hundred thousand pounds, by the (aitf aft directed to be issued and applied out of the growing produce of the said sinking flind 5 and also the sum of eighty three thou- v fahd fbbr hundred twelve pounds two shillings and five pence > h rr ha!spenriy: remaining in the receipt Of the exchequer, ' being»money dlfpofeablb by parliament for the publictc service, and by the said act directed to be iflbed and applied; and the further sum 6f one million by this act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the fevb-ral uses ihd'purposes herein after expressed 5 that is to say, it is f

hereby diaded and declared by the authority aforesaid, That y. but of all or*any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, th* aifis ia' r there (hatH and may be i Aired and applied any sum or (bms of ^heral, " money not exceeding three millions nineteen thousand twenty 3, 01^0tit. 3*.

4bne pounds and three shillings for or towards the nnvai services natfal

herein after pattiebhrfy expressed; rhar is to say, for or towards icrvKfcs#

1 tidoafs, wage^, wear andtear of the navy, and the victualling I Thereof^ performed and to be performed; and for of towards tea I TfVrViCes hi the* office of Ordnance performed and to be berfoVfr*-I tibil'ind for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majesty's

navy;

joo.ooool.to-waitfs paying off the navy debt.

ao^oooo t. for building the

fcofbitalnear

GoTport.

loyoooo ! 'to Greenwich hospital.

*99»*57l-d. to the ordnance.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 2tf. T ^5

navy* and for half-pay to sea officers; and for or tdw&di taming Dine thousand one hundred and thirty eigjhii'iba^ and for or towards the buildings, re-buildings andrej?pir his Majesty's ships for the said year. "

VI. And it is hereby also eha&erf by the Authority 'if< w^That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforeffldL

and may be issued and applied any sum or sums dr dioricy'm exceeding three hundred thousand pounds* towaa^b^iqg of and discharging the debt of the navy. 1^; V "

VII. And it is hereby also enacted by the^footfty 'aforel

of supplies ifofefatfk ^hcrej

That out of all or any the aids r__________ T r

and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of ffibricj; b# exceeding twenty thousand pounps^ for ortoward*

the works of the hospital for sick and wounded fea&erHpSfeing at Hajler near Gosport % for the year one thovJand^Ym1 ftiia-dred and fifty six. " J'IJ

VIII. And it is hereby enacted by the authe^Sfp

That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforetof shall and may be issued and applied any furfi of sum so not exceeding ten thousand pounds upon account* °fov fopport of the coyal hospital at Greenwich, for the I tenance of the seamen of the said hospital worn oUtn decrepit in the service of their country.,

IX. And it is hereby also enacted by the authorisjr^&qfS^ That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, ^ti^(^ and may be issued and applied any fun) or fufos o^mor^nol exceeding two hundred ninety nine thousand one fturi^fi seven pounds and eight pence, for the charge of tfye ordnance for land service for the year one thousand fevdn % uip and fifty fisc, performed and to be performed, and soir^efrgrag the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance fojr

vice, not provided for by parliament.

*it74>54°!'5* ^n<*lXs hereby enacted, That out of all br ^yjffic

d.q. to the aids r '* " J c r y^A 11 Tj

land forces $ of which

or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall andowybe HJued and applied any sum or sums of money not exCecdjre^Wd million one hundred seventy four thousand five hun<fca| j*h<| forty pounds five shillings and two pence halfpenny, towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces and pttier fences herein after more particularly expressed; that is to fty* any Juai 9jo, So^ I. 61. or sums of money not exceeding nine hundred thirty t&ufind9d* for guards six hundred and three pounds six shillings and nine p^nce, and garrisons, defraying the charge of thirty thousand five hundred.^>4 Britain feat effective men» including commission and non-commi (fioji qfc Guernsey and cers; and also three thousand seven hundred and fifty pins^pr Jersey. valids, for guards, garrisons and other his Majesty's japd forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and 'Jersey, for the year^one thousand »98*534b 17s. fven hundred and fifty six; and any sum of jum^of mpneypcf »od.q. for exceeding two hundred ninety eight riiourand liyp

fans

jl 7^ 6«] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. % g, 46$

foni\n, Nwq$X(itiar Nnufoun&udxGibraltar and prcnaJenety «and Gibral-'^dufvi.3 fey en hundred and fifty six $ and any sum; oV ^m^ of ^oney not exceeding; eighty one thousand one-hum- fou'ndiamUod oreaieventy eight pounds andfixteeiv shillings, for defraying the Providence, charge off he royal American regiment of foot to be raised for his».>»& L «s*> Many'sJervice in North fimertca, for the service of the year oae^j|!5 K*"r thbufandsevenhundreJand fiftyfixi and anyfumorsums ofanoney gimentoiiS, hot exceeding, fifty three thousand nine hundred fiftyfive pounds 53, 955l. 19*.' nineteen fhfilings and six pence, upon account for out-penfiotb- 6 d. foe the Crs of (?h(!£ &, ffofpitd* for the year one thousand seven hundred of and fifty six li'ants, any sum or sums of money not exceeding plta|.e a.-thihy eight'thousand pounds, upon account of half-pay for the 31,000!, to'reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, /or theredmtf the yearr'one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, subject to 0^the

be observed in the application of the said half-pay, ^marines, sfs are hereafter prescribed concerning the same; and any futnor 3, 539l. 5 s. firms of mpoev, not exceeding three thousand five hundred thirty lod.totbe of-tiiVII pounds hve shillings and ten pence, for defraying the charge ficerand -fqf illowirices ro the several officers and private gentlemen of l^f/guard*, fhi'ttvo troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced. See. redaccd.* alia to^ficSuperannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horse gtfi/ds, ' for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six )

Sttd any sum or Turns of money, not exceeding two thaufmd,s+1. to the four hundred and eighty four pounds, for paying of pensions to pinfions of ofi-the widows of such reduced officers of his Majesty's land farces ^5r*w*dowv and marines, as died upon the establishment of half-pay in Great'

aha who were married to them before the twenty fifth diy Q^hecmber one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the i^ar one thousand seven hundred and fifty sixj which said sum of TWO thousand four hundred and eighty four pounds, shall be toh* J*y, Silled to such person or persons as his Majesty shall by warrant bf'WiTants' hnder his royal sign manual direct and appoint to s u*' repeive the same, to be by him or them paid over to such wi- ., -t? 'dqws of fyalf-pay officers or their assigns, according to such efta- - t

BnfKmen.ts, lifts or other directions, and with and 4ubje& to fi/ch conditions, qualifications and other allowances for the same, afc hii. Majesty by such and the like warrant or warrants shall he gfKCidufly pleased to direct and appoint; and.any sum. or sums 7^7«.

oP money hot exceeding feveoty five thousand eight hundred 3d. for extra-itid thirty five pounds seven shillings and three pence, for de* ordinary ex-paying me extraordinary expences of his Majesty's Ipnd forces, Pexie?s °£lao^ and other services, incurred Tn the year one thousand seven hun-drerf affict fifty five, and riot provided for by parliament; and any incurred in sum dr films of money not exceeding ninety one thousand nine the; year «?tf. fUindted and nineteen pounds ten shillings, defraying the 9'*9I91- > chirgC of teh regiments of foot, for the service of the year onr menuofToot. thdmand feveri hundred and fifty six; and any sum or sums of I if}

4^4

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. r^.

79.9>s*« sums of ihoncy not exceeding seventy nine thotifind tjirie ftpn-

wr & m <*red an^ pounds fix fniHings for defraying #Ketbar« 6t

ca°and the Ealttwo regiments of foot ordered from Ireland to ifMhtjlrfierfea^ Indies. and of four regiments of foot on the Irish efteblifhmenrfh^ing

54, 1401, its. 6d. to the Landgrave of Hdfe Cassel j and 161, 3^71. 9*.9a. for troops hired from him.

in North America and the East Indies, for the service of the Vear one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and any fimrbrlutna th^empre^of money not exceeding one hundred thousand pbdnds, ' to^en-p. a, v'able his Majesty to make good his engagements with the einh^fi of Rnffta, pursuant to treaty; and any funr or firms of motley not exceeding fifty four thousand one hundred fottjf jkidnds twelve shillings and six pence, to enable his Majesty TO'tnake good his engagements with the landgrave of Hejfi dqffeL> Ipnr-suant to treaty; and any sum or sums of money not excWmng. one hundred sixty three thousand and three hundred.fifty pounds nine shillings and nine pence, towards df^fiayrhjg the charge of six thousand five hundred and forty four fodt^ With the general officers and train of artillery, the troops of the landgrave of HeJfe CaJJel in the pay of Great Britain, from the twtm-

S third of February one thousand seven hundred and fiftyiwf; to e twenty fourth day of December following, both inclufiv<£ tjb-111, 447l. 1 s. gether with the subsidy pursuant to treaty; and any sum or/ums hom#H5Utt P8 mone7 not exceeding#one hundred twenty one thousand! over. " hundred forty seven pounds two shillings and fix pehce^ towards defraying the charge of eight thousand six hundred and fiVefpbt* with the general officers, frain of artillery and hospital, the Ubhps of Hanover in the pay of Great Britain, from the eleventh day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, to the twenty ^ourth day of December following, both inclusive; and any fiiitt oro or sums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his engagements with the efcdtaf of Bavaria, pursuant to treaty; and any sum or sums of mojWf not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, to enable his to make gooerhis engagements with the> King of Prussia % pmt foant to treaty. r*;

1 000 ooool. to And it is hereby also enacted, That out of airbr a'fry tfetr

be applied as aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and the exigency issued and applied any sum or sums of money not exceedih&'ofte' of affairs may million, upon account, to enable his Majesty to concert a ndtdfc require* an such measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat Suty enterprizes or designs of his enemies, and as the exigency trr affairs may require.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or ibt' the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall apd tnity1 be issued and applied any sum or sums of nioney^ not exceeding fifty five thousand and thirty two pounds nineteen Shillings, upon account, for supporting and maintaining the settlement of his Majesty's colony of Nova Scotia, for the year one thousand 6t?l. it. 7<1. seven hundred and fifty six; and any sum or sums of money;

not exceeding six hundred eighty seven pounds two shillings and ^Scotia in ^even P^ce* upon account; for defraying the charges incurred i7<4, not pro- by supporting and maintaining the settlement of vukdfor. if a salaay

varu.

19, 0001. to the King of Prussia.

require*

55, 031l. 19*. towards the settling Nova Scotia.

&nno licefia^ A9?6$

e^wyjpfpf^ff &$* % io the ^rooejhoy^ /smJw4w&

ta^in^f^c^iarges of the ciyri jcltabUltiment ot tiuavujefiy*

and other Incidental expenses.attending ^Voeo^1* lame^firQm the twenty fourthday. of 7^ one thousand leven - r

hundj^ iU& five* to tke twemy fourth day of 3W one roio^1* fbrj "

fifty six; and any sum or (urns-of Jorti^ndfer-ippnpjfo ^exceeding ten thousand pounds, to be employed intieniwsoacfe^ tp^ni, anasupportiqg Jhe British farts and settlements up-coa(b.of Afri»j otfdof^k, ca* vj

Xttl. ^od.bc Jit further enacted by the authority aforesaid/^oo oooot/pr*That out pr alt or any of the aids or supplies provided as afore- defraying ex, said, there shall and may be ifluedand applied any sum or fum&£jj?ccs<*? of mpney, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds, upon^"^, account, for or towards enabling his Majesty to defray the ex- people of Por-pences which have been, or may be incurred by his Majesty in tugal. giving assistance to the distressed people of Portugal, 2nd our unhappy fellow subjects residing and trading the re; and any sum or jTums of money, not exceeding thirteen thousand eight hnn-dred isixty nine pounds seven shillings and ten pence, to enable*?^ °tQ re: u*his Majesty to pay the said.sum to James Tierney of London mer- pay the Spa-pliant, agent for and on behalf of don Libino Bernardo Vander- ni(h mer-bronk, and other merchants, residing at Cadiz, subjects of hU^an^h*if cathoGcfc Majesty, owners of the money and effects taken in the a^uat#oftht Spanish ship Anna Maria y Saint Felix; provided th^t all claims ship Anna of thsSpwJb merchants be by them or their agent or agents, Mariay aligned oyex tp proper persons, to the end that the same be rerFeti* coyered and applied to the Use of the publick; andapyfiuuor furns lI5>000j^ of moqey* ppt exceeding the sum of bne hundred and fifteen thqu- free gift to the find pifiinda, upon account, to be distributed in^such proportions-colonies of, as his Majesty in his wisdom shall think fit, tp his Majesty's color*cw England; nies of New England, New York and Jersey, in America, as a free v^L °&c % aa

g'ft and rpward for their past services, and an encouragement toJ em to continue to exert themselves with vigour in defence of, f, V< his Majesty^just rights apd possessions; and any fumqr fuirnof 50#o|. t*$ir T money^ not exceeding five thousand pounds, to be given to wittiamjobrfi Sjr William Johnson as a reward for his services; and any sum or son aa,>rey4' films of money, not exceeding Seventy pne thousand.oue hun- ^vices^h* dred and eighty one pounds two shillings and three pence three 7X, 1811., is# farthings, tajmake good the deficiency of the half subsidies of 3d. iq. to tonnage and poundage, charged with the payment of several an- mak*£<* nuitips by the acts of the sixth of Queen^f/w, and fixthof King ^alf filbfiX George the First, to satisfy all annuities charged thereupon, to of tonnage and the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty poundage 5 fix j. and, ap[y sum or sum? of money, not exceeding!# thousand 6, 0311. 7s. id. and ttyrty two pounds (even (fillings and one penpy» to be paid to Jofcn to Jolnjfakrth late &>\&MV.Qi(tyeDoa/lC*ftJe in AfrUa, for his extraordinary charges in supporting and defending the British c^pcCo^fl and fetjJcmeafs therp against the bnftUities of the Dutch, c

Xxt:' ' / HU and '.; ,r/

as a

466Anno vicesimo nono GEORGII II. c. 29.

and encroaththents of the French, in the year one tnoofenH__________

hundred and fttv} 'and any fom or frnns of meWfcy^htt exceed-. 10, 00011. to iHg teri thatflana pounds, towards eriabltrig the CofrnflHlfohefs

commissionef* for boilding a bridge cross thethrer tif Thanti frartt ihi dJt/'of* Westminster w the opposite (hone Iri thectiurt ty bf Sii'tTiyl'tcrvxlt-layingopen chafe houfissandgraatids for the widening the VH«'i;, <, aVid malk-the itreeti itrg more safe and commodious the firsts, avCnuey-arid pafS^es, from Charing leading from Charing Cross to the two houses of pafHameM^rHe' Croft, See.courts of jaftice, and fVtJhnirtfler and any ftrih ot firms,

ifoal; fer of money, not exceeding three thousartd pounds, so'eRible'hrt thirrrent Majesty to defray the expectce'of Westiriga tilortuhrft^'JHHhtr Capt*Corn- calkgiate church of Saint, fPeJlmih/fer, to the'mWbdf^bf wafi. captain James Cornwall, pursuant to an address'td'hS' Bfdjobr

on the twenty eighth day of Maj one thousand feVeh'fnindVed j, 03*L ts.iod. and forty seven; and any sum or films of motVey,

q, deficiency three thousand thirty eight pounds six shillings ahd'tetVpiricP of the grants halfpenny, to make good the deficiency of the grant i'TOr'tfifc for the year service of the year one thousand seven hundred and' fkW'ftve f75S*, and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding teYr racrttfihd

Foundling*pounds, towards enabling the governors and g^ardiiri$ c#f the hospital.8 hospital for exposed and deserted young children, to recdiVe Thto the said hospital all children under a certain age to be appointed by the said governors and guardians, who shall be hototfght to the said hospital after the first day of June, and bdfbtfc the thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred «hd fiftr-

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority* ifore*> be applied to That the said aids and supplies provided as aforefiu&ifttifl no Qtucr uses. not be issued or applied to any use, intent or purpose whitfevet,

other than the u(es and purposes before-mentioned, of fbf the several deficiencies or other payments directed to be ftuisfipl

thereout, by any act or acts, or any particular statifri 6T"clati1tt for that purpose contained in any other act or acts of<-'

sent (Mfion of parliament. "

XV. And as to the said ftrtn of thirty-eight thodfabd pdftA^s, by this act appropriated on account of half pay as aforeftitt\' It is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the rules herein after prescribed, shall be duly observed, m thf application of the said halfpaythat is to say.That no perfritf shall have or receive any part of the same, who Was hKrfor, and under the age of sixteen years at the time whetV the regiment, troop or company, in which he served, wastedtiCM; that no person shall have or receive any part of the Gmje^except. such persons who did actual service in some regiment, fTodnor company; that no person having any other place oremploymem of profit, civil or military, tinder his Majesty, fhatT have or fe-, ceive any part of the said half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who has any ecclesiasticalbeneficeln fJr/A' Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any part of the &ftf half-pay; that no person shall have or fccehre any* p^or^e 'fatnt who has refigaed his commission, ind hits had tw conKriiftfca

v v Tflnecj

Rules to be observed in the application or the half-pay.

lOSfifl! Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 30. M r 467

fmcc; t^tiio part of t^ve Jhgtl be allowed to any. p&fom by_ virtue any warrant or appointment, except to such >pcp*<»:

fons as would have been other wise intituled to the same as ?ro-j*1

dqced officers $ and that nq part of the same shall be allowed tbh; '.':

ariy of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight re-gimenf3 of foot lately di/baqded in /rWdWyexcept to such werei Mtdjr tal^en off the establtfb meat of half-pay in Great Britain.'

XVX. And whereas h <ma8 §f parliament made and passed in the twenty eighth year of ms Majesty's reign, intituled An act for*8 Geo. i, c.*v granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned out of the sinking fund, and applying certain monies re- ,

maining in thoexchequer, for the service of the year one thou-find seven hundred d fifty five 5 and for carrying the surplus 1 of certain duties to the sinking fund; and for further appropri-sfring the supplies granted in this session of parliament; these^ verof supplies which had been, granted to his Majesty, as is therein*rnet^tunady were appropriated to the several uses and purposes therein \

trpreftidy amonest which, any sum or sums of money not exceeding forty seven thousand pounds was appropriated to be paid to the reduce<£ officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, subject nevertkekfs tfftuh rules to be obstrved in the application of toeTaid half-pay, ' as in and bp the aforesaid act were preferred in that behalf: now it is' herebyprav kkd, enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid^/fhaf so much of the said him of forty seven thousand Rules to be pounds, as is or shall be more than Efficient to satisfy the fakfobservedinihe reduced officers, according to the rules prescribed by the said aPP*Jcat[ ot. act to te observed in the application thereof, or any part of such 1,

ovtjrphi*, shall and may be disposed of to such officers who are'propna^dla ihauned or lost their limbs in the late wars, or such others as by 1755l to the rpafbnof their long service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge Payment of tp fee proper object9 of charity, or to the widows or children of^uccd such officers, according to such warrant or warrants, under his cers*

Majesty's royal sign manual, as shall be signed in that behalf;

anything in this act or the said former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the stealing, and the buying and receiving of stolen lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, and solder, and for more effectually bringing the offenders to justice.

WHEREAS the pernicious praflite of feeding lead* iron* copper* brass* bell-metal and folder* fixed to* or lying* or being in or Upon htufis*/outhouses* mills* warehousexoorishops, and other buildings* areas* vaults* yards* gardens* or other places j

and also the ficaling tf such materials from barges, lighters*

boats* and other, vessel and -craft* upon navigable rivers* in ports of to

entry, 'or discharge* creeds and docks belonging the reto* and also:;

off and other, flaps* fs became '

evil* by reason of the difficultj' in apprehending and --'frf Hh2 thieves*

+68

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

c. 3°'-, Xwk6-

thieves, and the Jlill greater difficulty of discoveristg am \eortviftfng the buyers or receivers thereof; which buyers or receiverf ctre the principal cause of the commission of finkthefts, and tn regaxdtbat 4.he said offences are committed in fiuch clofic andxlandefiine matweK*t that there can he no witness or xvitneffis tt the same, but such who if +r&e partakers of the offence: and whereas if the buyers and receiverIf lead* irony copper, brafisy bell-metal or folder, knowing. 1 tir, hoping reasonable cause to fujpcct, the same to be ftoleir, or unlawfully, <sfne*by, were made original offenders, and punishable independent of the

apprehension and conviction of the thies; and if tie apprehending* prosecuting, and convicting the offenders in both kinds were rendered more easy and speedy, it might more effeCluatty tend to the disioyery and suppression of the said offences: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and utifkish* advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and Buyers or re- thority of the same, That from and after the ftrfcdayiof Og*- Cf VhFS °* any ^tr one t^ou^anc^ seven hundred and fifty six, every, pecfor)ni*h, 0 rials herrin*ftall buY or receive an7 lead, iron, copper, brass, mentioned, folder, knowing the same to be stolen, or unbwfollyt owe knowing the by; or shall privately buy or receive any stolen lead*

me to be copper, brass, bell metal or folder, by suffering any dpor, lawful 1 v*come w5ndow or Gutter to be left open or unfastened betwqefrj&iq-by, &cl setting and sun-rising for that purpose; or shall buy.^r jr^eiyc the same, or any of them, at any time in any clandestine. if convicted, to ner from any person or persons whatsoever; shall, being tfiqre-earrtCd convi^e<* by due course of law, although the principal fejqp r 14 years. of felons, has not or have not been convicted of fteahjngjhe same, be transported for fourteen years to any of his colonies or plantations in America^According to the Uvf$|a; |9?£C for the transportation of felons. /«> 10

Where there

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That^taU is cauie ot fuf- may be lawful for any one justice of the peace* upon^p^r tyiffSe a*P^nr u made to him upon oath by any credible person, that* search war- is caufo to fofpedl stolen lead, iron, copper, brass, bettrO^?#] of

rant, folder, is concealed in any dwelling-house, out-house, y*r<h

garden, or other place or places, by warrant under his ^aiutfted, leal, to cause every such dwelling-house, out-htmfe, yard* g and the mate- den and place, to be featched in the day-time; and rials, and the iron, copper, brass, bell-metal or folder, suspected to; be

with shall be found therein, to cause the same, and the person, or; per-

ft*MTa#cC fons wriofe house, outhouse, yard, garden, or other.pipe*

foupd, to be the same shall be found, to be brought before any, two or, 00

tarried before justices of the peace for the famec6unty, city, ridings divt&^ two justices, liberty or place; and if the said person or persons (hat! not give Party not ac- anccount to the satisfaction of such justices, how he, (hp, or counting fa- they came by the same; or shall not, within (rime convenient tufaftorily, time, to be set by the said justices, produce the patty or parries dren!f^r?uiIty or ^rom w^om^tbcy bought or received fuohfftpkai

lead, iron, copper, bract, bcH-metal or folder, thatthtfMhe ft«|i

perfoaj

of a misdemeanor.

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 30. 469

person or persons so offending, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Suspected per-

That every conftaUe^ headborough or tithingman, in every ^ the Taidroa-county, city, town corporate, or other place where they shall be trials Vn the" Officers, and every beadle within his ward, parish or distridfc, n, ght time, and every watchman during such time only as he is on his duty, maybe appre-ihafl and may apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, all and of^rs every person or persons who may reasonably be suspected ofwatchmen* having or carrying, or any ways conveying, at any time after

sun-setting, and before fun-xising, any lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal or folder, suspected to be stolen or unlawfully come

by; and the same, together with such person or persons, as soon and carried as conveniently may be, to convey or carry before any two or before two ju-more justices of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, rticcs>&c* liberty or place aforesaid; and if the person or persons so apprehended conveying any such lead, iron, copper, brass, bell- -metal or folder, shall not produce the party or parties from r

whom he, she or they bought or received the same, or some other credible witnefo to depose upon oath the sale or delivery of the said lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal or folder (which and not ac-oath any such justices are hereby ienpowered to administer) or counting fa- > shall not give an account, to the (atisfa<$ion of any two or more twfa&only, of such justices, how he, she or they c^me by the same, that then of the said person or persons so apprehended, shall be deemed and m*anor. adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where In which ca-any person or persons shall be convicted of either of the mifde- the meanors aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any two or

more of such justices to cause such lead, iron, copper, brass, bell- [he church-metal or folder, to be deposited in the hands of the churchwar- wardcni, See. dens or overseers of the poor of the place where such lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal or folder were found, or in any other.t convenient place, for any time not exceeding thirty days 5 and in the mean time to order the said churchwardens and overseers an4

of the poor, or one of them, in all and every of the within the bills of mortality, to insert an advertisement in some andotherwise, publick paper, and in every other parish or place to cayfc no- to be given, tlce to be given by some publick cryer, and by fixing on the chuTch or chapel door notice describing such lcaa, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal or folder, and where the same shall be lode-posited, to the end that persons having loft such lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal or folder, may come and claim the same, or any reputable perforvon their behalf; and in case any person or persons can prove tlw property to the said lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal or folder, upost oath, to the satisfaction of any two or more of such justices of the peace for such county, city, riding, division, liberty or place, that then fu<?h justices shall order restitution of such lead, irpn, copper, brass, bell-metal or folder, to the owner or owners thereof, after pay-jpg the reafotubfo charge* of remoyingJ deporting and giving, i H h 3 publick

and thee er, proving hit property n t# have them, '

otherwise are to and the money divided between the officer add poor.

4^0 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. a. jo.

publick notice of the same; tnd if at the end of, thirty'days no person or persons shall come and prove oi^' n^r.QC^OX! ik they property nor pny reputable |>eiT6n on fris or -W

fbeh lead, iron, cooper, brass, bell-metal pr folder, the nuriq to e mn' be sold fof the bed price that can reasonably be bad* anit

deducing the changes as aforesaid, OnC moiety of the fnpncy arising from such sale to be given to the person or shall apprehend the party or parties guilty of the mi(9^sjorv afore-mentioned, or either of them; and the odierr thereof to the poor of the parlfti where facto oflfenc* Jty^jbe ogfB-

Sitted (if it is knovyn where) or else where fucti copy^wml all be tnade.

IVrfen to V. And be it further enacted by the authority afor$&r wfcora any. every person to whom any lead, iron, copper, bras

(bch material* or folder shall be brought and offered to be sold, paw

br^s^, tobe!ivered' fcaJJ and; 8 hereby impowered and require*,

Idld or pawn- ing reasonable cause to suspect that such lead, iron, cop ed, raayinany bell-metal or folder, was stolen or unlawfully.Qpfrel fufpdaed case prehend, secure, and carry before a justice br the pcade flop and carry county city, riding, division, liberty or place where lottos iwcPaiXce» shall^so br6l, ght or offered (having it in his or to do) the person or persons so bringing or offering together with such lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-mctulAT* der; and such person or persons (o apprehended shallwA with, and such lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal of shall be deposited and disposed of, in the fairie tnapner,

she or they had been apprehended by the constable, fc1*

- rough, tythingman, beadle or watchman, as aforesaid $ ati

trtMrvtf (V; up- shall appear upon the oath of any person, notwithstafu on proof of person or persons was or were concerned in the steali^jt!

it corroborated with other credible circumstances, tptne non of two or more justices of the peace for the toM riding, xlivision, liberty or plate, where the same $ miTdemcanor. brought or offered as aforesaid, that there Was reafdp to fulpec (beb lead, iron, copper, brass, beH-metaJ of ItoJ^n or Unlawfully come by, and thar the person whom such lead, iron, copper, brass, belt-metal orfo^r^sras so brought or offered, did not (having it in his, h^'or jtlifif power so to do) apprehend, secure, and cany before a j[u(We bf^v -: the peace as aforesaid, the person or persons Who so ^y^nt or

"Vi offered the same, that then the person or persons

such lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal or so^r^wasjb brought or offered, shall bt deemed and adjudge*! misdemeanor.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person deeded apt

Sed guilty of a tnifdemednor* in having in his, hef

on, any lead, iron, copper, brass, belkmpiajor fc^ofer, suspected to be ftoien or unlawfully come by, and not producing

such reafop-able cause of suspicion, he is guilty of a

Persons. cpftr vr£ftd of a misdemeanor in having in

ny'XSS »^e party or parties of whom he, she or they bought rowed

their pod

any of tlwf

materials, &c. the same, nor giving a latisfactOry account,

and not ac- cairie by the lime, or in having, carryingor oonveying the lead,

f*;: i, ", n

cuuming (atif*

troih

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c.|o. 47*

bdl-'rn«t?i1 and felder, suspected to be ftolefi

6r unJa>5fifyotfiwha % ny c^idifi

rtert^'-

'Vi9r

fl# ctotae by? ^nclfiot producing the parity or parties, the<la* rilife, (he or theybought or received the same, nor^,»j i^Witness to depdfc upon oath the sale or delivery giving a satisfactory account how he, she or they ca^T^TOe fiihe (as the fcafe shall be) shall, for every such mil- to forfeit for derrieanot?, roffeit for the firit offence, the sum of forty shillings, the first of* and fof rhq fecood offenefc, the sum of four pounds, and for ffnc* +°3'0lj fatty fuh(^erit 'offence^ the sum.of six pounds; and that every for every* deemed and adjudged guilty of the misdemeanor of neg- subsequentone iedtfng td-dpjpf£hcrid# secure and carry before a justice of the 61. and being peace, % he person or persona, (paving it in his, her or their pow- of a, $V"hobought or 'offered to fell, pawn or deliver, "b^SEJ atty lead, irdn, xopper, brass, Dell-metal or folder (as the case iag fuipedtodi fharf b^suspected to be stolen or unlawfully come by, shall for persona before every/such^ifdemeanor, forfeit for the first offence, the sum of*1

tfrfcnty ffiiMirigs, and for the second offence, the sum of forty l^lings^ aha for every subsequent offence, the sum of four 20*. for the i bdhijlds, fell ^pich fetd refoeflive forfeitures, shall and may be second 40a.; idtfred by distress apd faje or the goods and chattels of every such ?°Ator circf? Offender f(k*endering to him or het the overplus, after charges of to*!1*11* ffie said, distress and sale deducted) by warrant under the hands Forfeiture* aftdr(eals of any two or more of such justices, before whom h?w to* le-Aliih.onender was deemed and adjudged guilty \ which forfei- w1°^lnd ap*

ftife (half be paid, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the

W/madq j ind if no fufnefent distress shall be fourtd, whereon to fcVy/th^ fi^d respeeffive forfeitures, then the said justices shall; 1.1

aria ik^ colmihit every such offender, so respectively deemed G

fudged guilty as aforesaid, to the common gaol or t: li'I

beir prison, or house of correction, within their jurisdiction,:

vJltftouj bail or mainprize. for the space of one month for the fkff offence, and for the (ccond offence for the space of two iribriths, dnd for every fubUbquent offence, until such offender shall tte discharged by order of the court of general or quarter ftfflong. 1' y -

VII. And be it further enacted, That every convidlioo of Convictions to iftycffenderin any of the aforesaid misdemeanors, shall becef-certified t faffed by two or more of schfe justices of the peace, making^fessionsrtaP" ft tie, 'to thp next general or quarter sessions of (be peace, to be9filed arid-tittered amongst the records of the said sessions; and that such conviction shall and#nay be drawn up on parchment, driff certified in the following form of words (as the case shall in the form happen) or In any other form of words to the like effect, mutathiQ\l^ing, ffufaniis'i tfiat is to say, .'_

Middle*, I tJ.E H rememiftuS^ That on the

1 D of 1' v )n the y ear

D<#

1 of I'- / in iht year A.B. was

-ionisified itfate tii of the jvj/iicefof the peace

Hh 4 for

Aana vlfcfeflMb tacM Siporoii It aypk It1 ^5

-1'fe/r\the county, eiding, Soifson, iberty orptUcc*jfbnqfaik

1^{ai tbt case shall be) $f atoifdal&atiaftw

her or their possession, lead, iron, copper, brdfs^\*he&- ! - i pi mttalor ftdder, suspectei $obe ftolmerimlinkfuUy.^m^ " < by, and not producing the party Or parties, i of tobam be,

/be or they bought or received the same, nor gpaheg M Je-thfaifory account bout hey /be. or they Atom* f1grtk same, or in having, carrying or conveying oflectd^ rra} copper, brass, bell-metal or folder, suspected. toitjlakn w unlawfully come by, and not preJacingrthtlpartyiarpat-tier from whom he, she or they bfagbt er rauipnitbtficmu* nor any credible witness' to dipose upon eatbntbe n delivery thereof, or not giving a satisfiaftory tcimut.bp he, she or they came by the same, or of ne&lVQibgtf*Mp 1 prehend and secure the person or persons, iuhm bkaught m

offered to pawn, fell er deliver, lead, iron* /tespes, brass, bell-metal or folder, jufpetied tocfe, jlakk,

( unlawfully come by (as the case shall bt\'h.w.

Given under our bands and feeftr ihe 'M and year aforesaid.*' T -

Said coimfli- Which said conviction, in the same ot* the like form of words, on not to be, shall be good, and effectual in law to all intents and 4»urix&s, nwItdb0rrC an<* not cr adjudged void or lnrnS-

Certiorari. c, ent for want of any other form or words whatsoever, nor h liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's ^dfu^ or King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be fini ws ail intents and purposes whatsoever.>n '

Felon con\Mft-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority arfbrteSki

or^recciters^of That if any person being out of prison, shall after the Aid -M such stolen day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty town-materials, is vmit any felony, by stealing any lead, iron, copper, Wrafft^feeli-M*t0M*'metal orf°lder, an^ afterwaras difeaver two or mbrfe p^rfos, don S wh° shall buy or receive any stolen lead, iron, coppier^ brtts*bell-metal or folder, after the said fiHt day of 0tiolfc: 6ti&htm-

sand seven htindred and fifty six, knowing the fatrre to b^ftfefervso as two or more of the persons discovered, shall be cc^w^td of such buying or receiving, he, she or they lb dHcoveriri^, ftali have, and^ be intitled to, the gracious pardon of his Majesty, his heirs and, successors, for all such felonies by him or hteredm-mitted, at any time or times before such dHcovery made, ^such pardon shall be likewise a bar to any appeal brought for fod

«n> oTa^if?

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority afarefiid, demeanor* in That if any person shall be concerned in the dealing kriyltad, not appre. j|*on, copper, brass, bell-metal or folder, and fhfaft afWHrthds. iff-mW nrtVr being out of prison, discover any person to whom'hd, (hdortfiey ingtofeil or shall have, after the said first day of October, offered t<y fell,

' pawn the same, pawn or deliver, any ftoien lead, iron, copper, bract, bess-nten is discharged or folder, so as such person be conviefted of the mHdemfcanot tiion"orfilth*', DOt aPPreb^ding, securing and carrying, him, ftfcr dribetn, Wopv. C before a justice, as aforesaid* that then the person making such

discovery,

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. u/»49$.

discovC^rfhatt not be.liable: tq be profecmedifor (tailing the, leady irp«; xoppcr, brais, bdhmetal or folder* fooffcred as a-

vttX..- AfKlbc it furcbej- enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Limitation of if aivyaction onfint shall be'doramenced or brought against any a^boa». justk^cr jnRices of the peace, or other officeror person what-Hfoem, for doing or cabling to be done, any thing in pursuance aof concerning the said offences, the same shall becom-

mcnced w brought within six months after such cause of action htf* accrued i ^and the defendant in such case may plead the ge- General issue. -mfal itfucy and give the special matter in evidence; and if upon 'such. adiotita verdict shall be given for the defendant, or the, 'fdamtiff, become nonsuited, or ddeontinue his action, the defen- Amtsshall have treble costa. Treble coftf.

;XLFVovided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Former laws 'Jteeid, orbe construed to extend, to repeal any former law now not vacated, -iin being, for the punishment of such offenders; and provided cr#

also, that such offender, after having-been pumthed by this act, double pun-Ihallmpt for the same offence, be afterwards punished, or bie iOunent. liable to be punished, by any such former law.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to enable infants, hinaticksy and fetnes covert, to fur-] \ .'render leases in order to renew the same.

WHEREAS divers lands, tenements and hereditaments, have byny and may bey granted by, lease for the life of one or; more person or persons, or, for terms of years abfmteor determinable upon jfadsfttk of, one or mare person or persons, or otherwise; and whereas, \

- in miser u obtain a renewal of such leases, if. js in, many Safes netef-<f»ryM surrender up she estates thereby granted* which surrenders cannot pt effectually made by persons under the age of twenty one years y % or -lunaticks, nor by femes covert without levying a fine* to She manifest detriment of themy and their families; be it therefore 1 4

ef*a#ed, by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the upd content of the lords spiritugl and temporal and cqm-; pons in this present parliament assemble^d, and by the authority e>f the same. That in all cases where any person under the age of twenty one years, or any lunatick, or same covert, is or shall become foterested in or infixed to, any lqafe or leases made or Guardians, granted, or to be made or granted, by any person or persons, bodies politick, corppratq or Tcollegiate, aggregate or foie* for the femes covert, life or lives of one or more person or persons, or for any term in order to the qI years, either absolute. or determinable upon the death of one surrender*q4 pr more person or personsj or other wise, it shall and may be lawful; for such person under the age of twenty one years, or for 3 hip or her guardian or guardians, or other person or ersons, pa his or her behalf, and for such lunatick, or his or her guardian or guardians, committee or committees of theestate, or may apply to either person or persons on his or her be bah* and for such same*?* court covert, or an other pprfon or person? on her' behalf, to apply.s.tQ way

474 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. r x. fop$6.

to the high court of Chartctrj of Great Britain, the court of tityier, the courts of equity of the counties pabfiflepf x/C^e/^r, Lane after and Durham, or the courts of great session of the pnh-eipahty of Wain respectively, by petition or motion; in 'i Remand bf order nwry ytiy, and by the order anddito&km of the fiddittobtotire-of court, jbeiftivcdy made, > upaai< hearing at) panties concernM^ fuufiper-lo» under the age of twenty one years, and h*dhtimwtiidc» or person or persons appointed by the said courts r^pc^af^ qnd may surrender also such same covert, by deed or deeds only, without lagging by deed such any fine, shall and maybe enabled, from time to time, to for-bases, andre fende|. such lease or kases, and accept and uid>, 'i8|gUU as the com*' ^nd for the benefit of such person under the age of tvrtfkHy'onc shall direct. years, or lunatick, or sette covert, one or more tv£w'ldpo'br.

leases of the premifTcs, comprised in fitch Jettfe or1 W^fi^Tot'rofb1 r, dered. by virtue of tliiawfi, for ondduring such hmnbefod'ffh-et, -

or for such term or terms of years, determinable aJpost'lbgV number of lives, or lor suchterm or terns of ye*rs 'iWhftife^; lw eras or write mentioned or Contained in fitch scale nr'lisdferp so iiirrendered, at the making thereof respectively, orotbCinWlfel» the said courts shall respe£&vdy direct. jCi>: ?'^fI '

Fine and char- H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefotd,

ges attending. That all and every sum and Aims of money, and other ctjfibdeW the renewal, to ation, paid or advanced by any such guardian, trusteef cobvprfit-Uwefatcor" tec> orther person, as and for a fine or income, the leasehold tore of a fine or income, for or on account of the renew*) of premises, as 'any such tease or lea (its, and dll reasonable charges iifclflehf'tfifctb-the court thall-to, Audi be paid -out of the estate or effects of the ihfimt br-so-direct. natick for whose benefit the find kaft or leases shall bO fettdttvtsV or shall be a charge and incumbrance upon the leafeheMprts '*mitts, together with interefi for the same, as the-Tdhf courts Fine for femeswspectively fhtdl di*e& and determine, and as for and CdifberN*' covert to be ing leaks to be made upon surrenders by femes covert', uftKfir charged on thej|w-. fine efreoftsideration of such lease, and the re*fonaWdfbfi8f*; rites pr* 0"*' be otherwise paid or feertred, the same, togiifhWlu#tHr

interefo shall be a charge or incumbrance upotr faclf ledfifobf* premises, for the use and benefit of such peron or perfects sSfto shall advance the same.

New leases to

III. And be it further enacted by the authorhy aforeffeSf; be to the same That the retyective leases tu be so renewed shall operate, ' and bfc' a*the the same uses, end be liable to the fafoe trusts, ofikigb#, tob1; former. cumbrances, difyofitkms, devises and conditions, as

be, from time to time, for rendered as aforesaid, wertfcr^eHflif have been fahje& to, in case such surrender had riot bdehi mdbV*any thing in this Or any former law to the contrary1 ftbtWtbW

standtog. vfe/v one

Surrender and IV' And be it further enacted and declared, Thil) dvCriffSiJi1 lenewal of surrender* and such lease or leases granted thereupon, shall bd, ' such leaies «nd be defined as valid and legal, to aM irftebts artd pUfpose', deemed valid.-3* if faob furMnder had been made by and Oft thb wR41f(if4t pertori of full age, sene tnind, or not marrted f anythiliginttiis.or any former law to the contrary not^iUiflandiii|g.-)1}Cn: ,: J,: Dl<-;

17561.T Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. €.fg. 47$

-a cap. xxxii. - r:

An act to indemnify persons who qualify

themselves according to the directioeu of of

par foment within the times limited by fatch acts respect*

- bpi/fyi and for allowing further time for that

r and concerning the odmffiont'of officers and members of cities,

1 forpefations attdberbugh towns; and of -

: Dits of articles of cleriship.

WHEREAS divers personsr % obt their offices, pieces* employments or profaffions, or any other cause; f*onrought: to have taken andfttbfmbcdthe oaths or the I fpoftkffiy appointed to be byfwh per fans, in and by an act made in i tfae frfa year: tf the reign of his late majesty King George of gbri-, Geo. c.

1 eyes memory { intituled An act rot the further Security of his.Ma->

I jflfty's perfpft and government, and thq succession of the crown I in the heirs of the late prtneefe Sophia, being pretestants; and j fqrextinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of, and his open and secret abetters j) or to have qualified theatfalves, attending to onait made in the thirteenth year the reign of King,

I Charles the Second (intituled An act for the well governing and regulating corporations 5) or to have qualified acterding.ieJ*C'I*

I another a# mode in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second (intituled An act for preventing the dangers which may* '

happen from popiflt recusants;,) by receiving tie Lords {upper* according to the ufagt of the church of England)} and making end subscribing the declaration against tranjubfiantiotien therein -mentioned} or according to another made in the thirtieth

ytar of the reign of King Charles the Second (intituled An act for30 Car>*

; t^ more effectual prsferving the King's perftm and govern- 1

orient, by disabling papists from fitting in either house of par-:

liaroentj) have through ignorance of the law,

avoidable accident, omitted to take and subscribe oaths and, " affurqnse, or otherwise to qualify thmfafves as aforesaid, within such

t^ne, and in fauh manner* as in and by the fold alls rtfptftiveq, or

by any other act of parliament in that behalf made and provided, it required, whereby they may be in danger of incurring divert penalties did difebilities: for quieting the minds of his Majesty's subjects, and for preventing any inconvenienties that might otherwise happen by. means of such omtfltons.be it eaaded by the King's rpost excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons* in this prefeot parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

1 all and every person and persons who shall, on or before the Further time twenty eighth day of November one tlroufsnd seven hundred and°8 ^.ov-.fifty six, take and subscribe the said oaths and aflimnop respect- Lison°s-^Wio ively, in such cases wherein by law the said oaths or aiTurance have onrftred ought to have been taken or subscribed, in fccb manner and to qualify form, and such place and places, as are appointed in and by rirothem, ^'rlye,

said act made in rite first year of the reign of his said-late mtje- avr*

i'ty

47^ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. I? ?£$'

fly Xing George, or by any, other act ora6ts ojf pa$ament in tlxat behalf made and provided; and also receive; the faefttnent of the Lords supper, according to the usage of the'church of England; and make and subserifie the said dedaratfbn agiinft transubstantiation, in such cases wherein the said sacrat^ent ought tp have been received, and the said decoration oughtho have been made and subscribed, shall be, and are hereby indemnified* freed and discharged, from and against aty penalties, forfeitures, incapacities and disabilities, incurred or to be Incurred, for or by reason of any former neglect or omission of taking or subscribing the said oaths or assurance, or receivlhgfhe sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declaration respeift-iyely, according to the above mentioned acts, or any of shem, Persons quaii- or any other act or acts, is and.are, and shall be, fully and ac-fying the m-, tually reeapacitated and restored to the same (late and condition the?imettrcca as ^ch person or persons were before such neglect or omif-pacitated and fion, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified indemnified, him, her or themselves, according to the above mentioned act|s, and every of them; and that all a<3s done or to be done by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same force and validity as the same, or any of them would have been if such person or persons had taken the said oaths or assurance, and received the sacrament of the Lord's supper, and made and subscribed the said declaration respectively, according to the direction of the said acts, and every

6f them; and that such person or persons qualifying themselves^ ip manner and within the time appointed by this acts, fhafthe, to all intents and purposes, as effectual as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and re-

ccived the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declara?

tion, within the time and in the manner appointed by thejevc-ral acts before mentioned.

II. And whereas admissions of several members and officers snip cities, corporations and borough towns, which by several acts of parliament are iircQed #nd required to be Ramped, may not have been provided } or the same not duly stumped, or may have been loft or mistaid: Further time be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the allowed for relief of such persons whose admissions may not have been pro-Maunpimf ad*. or not duly stamped as aforesaid, or where the same, have

mifiioos into been loft or, mistaid, it shall and maybe lawful to and for such corporation*, persons, on or before the twenty eighth day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, to provide, or cause to be provided, admissions duly stathped; and such persons so providing admissions duly damped as aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as member or members^ office or officers, of such cities, corporations, and borough towns respectively, to all intents and purposes, apd shall and may hold, enjoy and execute the same, or any other office or Offices into which he or they have or hath been elected, notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of their jiredo-ceffprs, in such cities, corporations or borough towns as aforesaid,

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 32.

and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties and damages, by; reason of any j such om'iffion; and none of his or their acts (haf| lh*e gueftioned or avoided for or by reason of the same.

T III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- officer signi-; rity aforesaid, That when and as often as any member or mem- fyinghis desire'bers, officer or officers of any city, corporation or borough to have his ad- tbwn,; (hill desire to have his or their fespective admissions he- ^nc^enew* newed of confirmed in manner aforesaid, the mayor, or other firmed!011*

1 chief toagiftraje of such city, corporation or borough town,

shall, and he is hereby required, in every such case, upon notice

given, to nijn by any one or more member or members of fqch, respective city, corporation cr borough town, to summon a hall,

1 common council, or other proper publick meeting, 'within fix a days after such notice given to him, for the purpose of admit- ^mni^eSl t tine or granting copies, and confirming the admissions of such person or persons as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas Avers personj, through mifiale7 absence, or same

unavoidable accident, to tie prejudice of infants and others, have omitted to cause affidavits to be made and filed in the proper offices, of < the atfual execution of several contracts in writing to serve as clerks 1 to attornies and solicitorsy within the time limited and exptessed by,

an act ppffied in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign+

1 zuberebjt many persons may be in danger of incurring the disabilities in 1 the [said act, mentioned; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid* Further time 1 That all land every person and persons who have omitted to flowed for cause such affidavits to be made and filed as aforesaid, and who ^d^fine^f-shalt on or before the twenty fourth day of June one thousand fidavits or the seven hpndred and fifty six, cause one or more affidavit or affi- execution of j davits to be made and filed in such manner as directed by the said contrafts to'a ft, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and ducharged^Persons therefrom and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities and dif- upon recapa-abilities in the said act mentioned, incurred, or to be incurred, citated and in-for or by reason of any neglect or omission in causing such affi- demaified. davit or affidavits to be made and filed according to the direction of the said act; and such affidavit or affidavits so to be made and filed as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all inteots'and purposes as if the same had been made and filed within the time limited by the said act.

V. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- offices. See. tamed, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore already avdid-or intitle any person or persons to any office or employment, benefice, matter or thing whatever, already actually avoided, fi|fcdupl ex-by judgment of any of his Majesty's courts of record, or al* ceyud. ready filled up or enjoyed by any other person but such office, employment, benefice, matter or thing so avoided, or filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now Intitlqd to the same, as if this act had never been made.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. f$6.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to render more effectual an act passed in the

t year of the reign of his late majesty, King George^ to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen emptytfilP. jbe j woollen manufactures, and for better payment af their wages \ and also an act passed in the thirteenth year of the j reign of his said late Majesty, f&r the better regulation aftbe woollen mamfacture, and for preventing disputds \among the persons concerned tebrein % and for limiting a kirfpt for projecting for (be forfeiture appointed by theafarejfUrf aft^ in case of the payment of the workmens wages in any other manner than in money,

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the 34* of his Sate majesty King George, intituled, Art to prevent Unlawful combinations of workmen employed jo the woollen manufactures, and for the better payment ot ' tteir wages, it is enacted, That if any clothier, serge-maier, w oollen or worsted fluff-maker, or perfm concerned in making any Woollen clothes, Jerges or stuffs, or any ways concerned in employing wool* combers, weavers, or other labourers in the manufactures, /ha il pay any person or persons employed by them their usages, or other price -', r"'agreed on, or any part thereof either in goods or by way of trnrfy or in any other manner than in money, every person so offending jbdft forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds: and whereas several project-iions have been carried on against offenders for offences committed in breach of the said act, in manner therein prescribed, but the triads thereupon have been removed by Certiorari into some or one of his Majestys courts rf record at Westminster, and such prosecutions have been dr opt upon account of the expence of carrying them on: and whereas by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his fend t| Geo. v.c. 3. late Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of the woollen manufactures, and for preventing disputes among die persons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for prosecuting for the forfeitures appointed by an act of the twelfth year of i f his said late Majesty's reign, in case of the payment of the

workmens wages in any other manner than in money, ft is enacted, That every maker of mixed\ medley or white broad \cloth /had satisfy and pay the weaver or weavers employed by such maker in or about the weaving the same, according to the member of yards that the said chains arc laid on the warping bars, and not other wise, on pain of forfeiting and Paying for every offence, contrary to the true meaning thereof, the sum of five pounds: and whereas by reason rf the1 finallncfs of the said penalties, and the exptnfive manner of recovering thereof, and the' want of proper powers to regulate tit wages to be paid to weavers, the good purposes intended by the fid, esfts have been no ways answered: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Ring's most excellent majesty, by and With the advice v.\ " and

x 7.5$'Jj Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 3 $*, r / 47

and Content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament hfleihMed,: and by the authority of the

ftw aQd after the twenty fQurth-d^yof Ju?u Justkcs at the tnotifa^aleven hundred and fifty six, it shall be lawful for the jujJiTdeS bft ih£ peace assembled at any of their general or quar- J^eiitwof 1 te^sessions beld nekt after Michaelmas yearly, to make rates for labour pearly* thepaytnefttof wiges'to waters and others employed in the t wxtoften m^ufaChircs, according to the number of yards that, the, chajns are laid upon the warping bars, and not otherwise, which rates shall continue for one year from the making the re-1 of; and Lthe said judices shall yearly, in their said general or 1 quarter sessions, either continue such rates for another year of 1 alter them in such manner as they shall think fit; always ob-! serving the directions of the said act for that purpofra* aforesaid; and if any maker of mixed, medley or white broad cloth flitll jvfafter not not pay to the weaver or weavers employed by such maker, ac- conforming* cording to such rates, every person so offending shall forfeit and forfeits 5L pay the sum of five pounds.

II. 'Provided always, That such judices shall yearly order and Rates to be&> - direct that the rates so made shall, within twenty days after fated upon the making thereof, be fixed upon all the church doors and chapel ^urc*1 doorV doors within their respective jurisdictions, by the high constables,

petty Constables or other peace officers in manner as the said jo- -dices shall think fit.

III. And be it further enacted, That If any clothier, serge- Matters pay-maker, woollen or worded duff-maker, worded or woollenwork^11 yarn docking-maker, i or person concerned in making any

woollen clothes, serges, duffs, worded or woollen, yam dock-^money, tarings, or any other person any ways concerned for himself or an- feit*oi. other in employing weavers, combers of jersey or wool, worded combers, spinners, 'knitters, or other labourers in the woollen^ iqanufactures, shall pay or cause to be paid to any person or persons employed by him or them, his or their wages, or other price agreed on, or any part thereof, either in gpods or by way r^,

of truck, bill or pote, or in any other manner than in money*, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective penalties Penalties and and forfeitures incurred and madp payable by this act, may be forfeiture*, recovered by action of debt by any perfqft who shall sue for the same, or may be levied upon conviction before any two r -

more justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence is committed, either by the consession of the party or parties, or upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, in case the same be not paid within fourteen days after such conviction, by distress and sale of the gdods of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hands and seals of such judices,

(yfrhich warrant or warrants such judices are hereby authorized to' grant, and to administer such oath or oaths) returning the overplus, if any be, after all charges paid; and for want of faf- Jifo^soffeifd fideW; distfcfs, the said judices shall commit the offender or of- tr tobecom

jA J - < '.....fenders mined.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

fenders to the house of correctionlor any time not exCeccftdg three months, or until be made by the parties

offending.

Application of V. Provided Idways, That if any (>£ the pea4kiet\ahdc/a^K penalties upon feitures aforesaid be levied upon ooc^J^oua of*

he peace, one moiety thereof shall be paid to^hc.rot^of the a-, u* parish where the offence was committed,: and && mrfer main/ to the informer. ' /; TT f.

None may be

VI. Provided also, That in case any adipn fuedboth ways brought against any person for any of the^ 'penalt % s'5i91fcrite^: ^ence. mC tures aforesaid, such person shall not be Habit; to

before the justices of the peace for the same otfehce^ such penalties and forfeitures shall be incurred and ble; nor in case of information laid before thej^ftfceslu55a conviction thereon, shall the person offending be Ifrab'leTOjfi.SSfiSf of debt for the penalties and forfeitures incurred^ arffl nfed^jri!>m able by the same offence, for which such person hltn victed before the justices.', rrt iu

VII. Provided always, and be it further enactedj Tfratt'flfialf grieved bfor. la^ul for any person or persons, % vho fl^alj t der of justices themselves aggrieved by any. order of futh justices, to smprato may appeal to the next general or quarter sessions to be holden foi^iooOTrf* next quarter- division or riding, where such order shall be made;

ing into recoe- or Persons appealing, having first entered into a rtrcofe

knd with sufficient security before such justices, to profecur^1

ing into nizance.

giving eight by the order or orders that shall be made on such appea day* notice.

Order of justice* to be

giving eight days notice in writing of such appeal tdtfie

or parties in whose favour such order hath been made^Sfl

justices in their general or quarter sessions are hereby Sn

and required to hear and determine the matter of'fdtf

and to make such order, and to award such costs anffc

as to them in their discretion shall Teem reasonable/^d.lS

by their order or warrants such costs and damages Yci'Wvfhfid

by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of ahy7($?H8ii

persons who shall refuse to pay the same; and for waht

cient distress, to commit the party or parties to the

of the said county, division or riding for any time not excecdpif

three months, or until satisfa<ftiop shall be made

parties offending; and such awafd or order ofthfedyjrf Kiftictrr

at their general or quarter sessions shall be final; aVrd tio jMV:;

epedings of any such justice or justices out of sections, 'jo, ?'Sytfit

justices in their said general or quarter sessions, in this atft, shall be liable to be removed by Certiorari ^6t^rf6Wt

or process of law; any tiling in this act or in

acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding!" lOrtn^ihtr.

i.iu»i«uu..u. VU1. Provided always, That all prosecutions^fSr

piofctution*. gainst this act shall be commenced within three

terthcpffence committed, and not afterwards. or* r fj*" 7

m 3 -

noiwj +ni'

: '.'l.nOs'Xl Ol SltOJD-V.

r i: Uiil i ,: j:

- lxx.iiV

Proceedings not'to be removed by Certiorari.

Limitation of

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 34. 4ft

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the encottragement of seamen, and the more jpte-rfy effectua7 manning his Majestfs navy

WHEREAS unwarrantable hojfilities begun by the French, have necessarily engaged his Majesty in actual war with the Fjr^ttc& Xwg in defence of his subjects, and the rights and possessions of his crown: and whereas his Majesty has been pleased to notify the jqme by proclamation, and a publicity declaration thereof on the seven-teeuth day of May in the year of our Lord one thousand fven hundred and fifty six: now for the better carrying on the said war with vigour, and for the encouragement of the officers and parpen of his Majesty's ships of Vvar, and the officers and seamen of all other British ships and vefleis, having commissions and letters of marque, and for inducing all British seamen, who may be in any foreign service, to return into this kingdom, and become fenrkcable to his Majesty; and for the more effectual securing and extending the trade of his Majesty's subjects \ be if enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and cbtnmons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the flag officers, commanders and other officers, seamen, marines and soldiers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, shall have the foie Prizes made interest and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods^to and merchandizes, which they shall take, from and after the between seventeenth day of May in the year of our Lord one thousand the captor*, seven hundred and fifty six, during the continuance of this war ajgainst France (being nrft adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Ma- # jesty's plantations in America, or elsewhere) to be divided inn the proportion proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty,

heirs and successors, shall think fit to order and direct by pro-Jer by procia-damation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those pur- mation. poles,

' IL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Admiralty to the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioner for commis-

executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for[^hey^ the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or «xmag the persons by him or them impowered and appointed, shall at the usual security. request 01 any owner or owners of any ship or vessel, giving such hail and security as have been usually taken upon granting commission, or letters of marque (except only for the payment of the tenths of the value of prizes which shall be taken, to the lord high admiral, or of for executing the office j

of lord hfgh admiral for she time being) cause to be ifibed forth in the usual manner, one Or more commission or commissions to any person or persons, whom such owner or owners shall nominate to be commander, or in case of death, successively, '

cepfmfrnder* of such ship or vessel, for the attacking, surprizing,

Vol. XXL I i Seizing

prise* to be divided according to contract between owners and captors.

'tp

*9 wtofr.SnJtfc

fciaving and taking by and with fqeh ffiip or vessel^i7or.jvitii the Crew thereof any place or fortress Upon the land, of.anyship or vessel, goods, ammunition, arms, stores of war o^m^efean-"dize, belonging to, or possessed by* ^ny of his demies, in any sea, creek, haven or river; rf

Jships, vessel or vefleis, arms, ammunition, stores o* — - and merchandizes whatsoever* with all their fqrT_T; i?_^or apparel so to be taken by or with such prirot^pm^J^ ers (nip or vessel, according to such pommission aha coiftg^|^Q& (being first adjudged lawful prize, ip any of h|$ of admiralty as aforesaid) shall wholly and' entirel and be divided between and among the owner Vnc such ship or vessel, and the several persons board the same, and be aiding and gifting tq the ^-of, in such shares and proportions as shall be aer^eJ^d] owner or owners of such ship or vessel as shall, tie thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper good v tels of such owner or owners, and the per(oi>s that entitled thereto, by virtue of such agreements amopg^and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or successors, $r, f miral, yice admiral, governor, or other oned by or claiming under his Majesty, his cessors, or any person or persons whatsoever other thah m^<pWP or owners of such ship or vessel, being the captp/.of^lf ship or vessel, arms, ammunition, stores of war, gopdsa^, chandizes, and the persons claiming under him bf tMfp be entitled to any part or share thereof (except as to,

: and duties hereafter mentioned) any c.Mflpm,

law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And for the more speedy proceeding tp or other determination, of any prize, ship oryejfjM,

merchandizes, already taken, or hereafter to be^tar*said, and for lessening of the jexpences that b&e I the like cases, be it Further enabled by the au#}6ri

'J'hat the judge or judges of such court of adowriltyJ ryC£3^1 rratir Person or penons thereto authorized, shall within on, with re- five days after r, equest to him, of them for tbfct spect to cftp- Jinifti the usual preparatory examination of

monly examined in such cases, in order to proye be lawful prize, or to enquire whether the fatpeU Motti&an to or not; and that the proper, monitfoft usual ip /qjb btiftaed and be issued by the person or persons proper tp*eaecmecl^ 0\all be executed in thermal manner by th^perli after. proper to execute the same, within the space u

if na claim he request in that behalf made; and in case no cJalWo made within a ture, ship, vessel or goods, shall be duly hiiupti time, usual form, and attested upon path* giving twem - after the execution of such monition; or

or ftettrity gi-and the claimant or claimants shall pot wi^ii>^ytemi ven by the ficient security (to be approved of by

Waum' to pay double coda IQ the

i i I

I m

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 34. ^tj

by! the fathd Vt^cfyimdJ (half bcadjac^edl^Wftti

(he judgfc or fudges of fudi coo, rt oradijiifaity iHaly/^ppr producing to hfnj V (hem the said examinations^ Wb cbpi's thereof, Vaod upprtj5rx>qucing to him or them upon oatlr,

>ir*pa^rs and writings Wnipli shall have been found, taken itror.

"'vyjttv fcdy capture; or upon oath made that no such. papers or

>ere found 5 imitf^iatdy, and without further delay, the judge to prpfccW to sentence, either to, discharge and acquit such capture, proceed to pnto adjudge and condemn (he same as lawful prize, according lcatence*> > "as the; cftf<p shall appear (o Kim or them, upon perusal of such ^preparatory examinations, and a!so of the other last mentioned papersar>d writings found, taken in or with such capture, if any such jftpers or writings shall be found 5 and in case such claim Ifclaira been-shall be duly entered or made, and security given thereupon, tered, audic-

according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, and there shall appear no occasion to examine any witnesses, other than be nw^Xtcr-| w|tat fhjillbe then near to such court of admiralty, that then such mination to be ! jddgq or jbdges shall forthwith cause such witnesses to be exa- made witlua 1; rtingq within the space of ten days after such claim made and test days.

fccarify given, and proceed to such sentence as aforesaid, (ouch-1 i^ilich capture; but in case, upon making or entering such f craim^ apd the allegation and oath thereupon, or the producing 7Tuch papersor writings as shall have been found pr taken in 6r if the legality i \vlth, such, capture, or upon the said preparatory Examinations, of the capture

shall appear doubtful to the judge or judges of such court of appear doubt-: atftafralty, whether such capture be lawful prize or not, and it permit

if^il appear necessary, according to the circumstances of the case, m litigating, fbrHtHe clearing and determining such doubt, to have an examination. upon pleadings given in by the parties, and admitted by the Jtmge, of witnesses that are remote from such court of ad-I 4 itatfafty* and such examination shall be'desired, and that it b« iljlf ^nfifted on, on behalf of the captors, that the said capture is i; prize, and the contrary be (till persisted in on the claim-

belief; that then the said judge or judges shall forthwith Judg* to «wwkr bause/uCl\ Capture tOrbe appraised by persons to be named by ibe capture jo 1 the tarries, and appointed by the court, and sworn truly to ap- appraised*

J>rifre the same according to the best Of their (kill and knowledge;

which purpose, the said judge or judges shall cause the goods \*'

fqUf0 On board, to be unladen, and an inventory thereof being and the &Y$

: &ft takeflby the marshal of the admiralty or his deputy, shall

; caOfe: the*ri to be put into proper warehouses, with separatelocks

of the cofleAot and comptroller of the curtoms $ and where there anci ltt uw<n-

is nbcdmptrolfer, of the naval oHicer; and the agents or pef-.tory^aken

ifons e^oyed by the CaptOrs and claimants, at the charge of

(he pWy or parties desiring the same; and shall after such ap- t

praifeme^t made, and within the lbaCe of fourteen'days after the errd updti (K^I ...J cUrtty; foV t\m

making such daim, prOCeed^to take good and Tuffici^nr % u- taken of

S

and for cods i of the captors,

to make, order fof: release of the capture to claimant.

Claimant refuting, and capturegiving such security.

Judge to make order for delivery of prize to captor,

Capturesmade in America, to he under the joint ca^e of the officers, of the customs and captors, kill concern-^ied or acquitted there*

Upon condemnation,

f>rize to be delivered to the captors.

Judge or other officer in America, guilty of neglect or delay*

forfeits 50 & 1. witji costs.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. gi^ £-£756*

snirt shall think proper, in case TdeH ship shall ttoetbsfboVMfem-ned W lawful prize; and after fadh securities dtriy;

said judge or judges (halt make wiimerlocutofry orddr for releasing or delivering the same tofrich claimant or dlnifnatiis* or; his or their agents; and the same thalt be adtualty tteieifed oi delivered accordingly. ' dju ?o tisjrfir* h

IV. And it is hereby further etwdted by> the authority'tribre-)

said, That if any claimant or dlaimanes shall refofe to ^Ut<b4ueh security, the judge or judges shall ctfwfc she capttor or^c&ptotfs m like manner to give good and fufftoient security, tob* ^proved of by the claimant or claimants* to pay the or

claimants the full value thereof* aceofdiftg to the'appr^lfettetir, in case any such capture or captures shall be adjudged^ficte to be lawful prize; and the said judge or judges shallthereupotipro-ceed to make an interlocutory otxkf for the reteafing^ri&&K-vering the same to the said captor or captors, or thei?amenta;

V. And it is further enacted by the authority ifwelfeic^l^set all such captures as aforesaid, which shall be bi^uglirfli^R>b^y of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in dmerka^l(hiA}f*itidi-out breaking bulk, (lay there, and be under the jowinedfle and custody of the collector and comptroller of thecudonis* cor where there is no comptroller, of the naval officers of thepodt dripfecc Where the same shall be brought, and all the capts* thereof, and their agents; subject to the directions of the >dfo admiralty, until cither the same shall by final sentence teapve been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned?* lawful prize; or that such interlocutory order as aforefeik^A&ll have been made for the releasing or delivering of the'feme^&& upon the condemnation or adjudication thereof as

shall in case the same were taken by any iudi private ships, commissioned as aforesaid, be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof, and their agents, to be by themidifptafed bf as their goods and chattels; and in case the same werd tataeri by any of his Majesty's ships of war, unto such personorJpeWbri^ and so be so divided and disposed of* as his Majesty, 'his^hCifr and successors, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter rd-be issued for those purposes, order and direct. T^1, 1 'nil -

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefii^ Thsf if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers, irii&WV oMwt Majesty's plantations or dominions abroad, to whdm^«rfpe^e-ly it shall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing,ti^aflrin§ or pronouncing any of the several proceedings matters or it hi rig*, for, towards or relating to condemning or dischargingv^ldafing or delivering of any such capture in mariner aforesaid, t^fhmlhe respective times herein before limited, or as soon arsthu^feme^er any of them, ought to be done, according to the tenor trte meaning of this act, all and every such judge and judges, tfrf other officer and officers, shall for every such offence^ forfeit &e sum of five hundred pounds; Ofte moiety thereof*

jesty, his heirs and successors, the; other moietynthereof*" With full coftyof fult, to such person dr peifonsf Wfcaflidtf insertile*

; ud: r, crrfci

1756*l Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 34?$5

luftfofothfrtfame, inapy of the courts in or for.: any, of, hisiMa- 1 -1

jesty'srsaid colonies or plarttation&, or ip anyofhis Majesty's ..... 10

courts afcsecordwithin his kingdom of Great Britain.

o VII.; (And it. ishereby further enacted by the authority afore* Fees of court, fw<i*; iTjbatthere shall iiot be paid unto or-among all the judges °n condehjn'a-and officers of such court of admiralty in any of his Majesty's [^America*}* plants bohsor dominions, abeaad, for, towards or relating to

thfiradjudging; or, condeoaoing of such capture as aforesaid, as*lawful prize, above the fern of ten pounds, in case such prize, ship'Or weffitl, ' be under the-bur then of one hundred tons; nor above thtfuitaof fifteen pounds, in case the same be of that orjor vessel4 un* any. greater burthen; and that upon payment of either of the,7. 'foral?* &id>rofptdtivei{urasy as the case shall require, to the said judge above, iSl., or judges, j©r: any of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided, [4s he.of they, shall think fit, among the officers of such Uponpayment court, 1 such judges atad officers, and every of them, shall be li- of the fret, aWei tp, all and every the several penalties hereby imposed, for liable t*"'oqglttftibg dt delaying to do and perform their several and re- the above pc-foe»fWve dupes or offices in and relating to the several proceed-nahies for ne-iogs aforesaid, within the respective times herein for that pur- g'*ct or delay pole bruited, of duty.

VIII. 'Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted judgment of by thfl authority aforesaid, That if any captor or captors, claim- the court may ant orclaimants, shall not rest fadsfied with the sentence giyen?« appealed.in such -coutt of admiralty in any of his Majesty's plantations or om' domuafons abroad, it shall and may be lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the said court of admiralty, io; the of appointed, or to be appointed, under the great seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing and detccrtiising appeals in causes of prizes, such appeal to be allowed in the like: manner as appeals to such of are now allowedi from the court of admiralty within this kingdom; so as tfte fetbe be made within fourteen days after sentence, and good focueitybe. like wife givenfay the appellant or appellants, that he^days "after orrthey wlll effectually prosecute such appeal, and answer the sentence, and condemnation, and also pay treble costs, as shall be awarded, in security to be case the sentence of such court of admiralty be affirmed; any fecute^he*0" thing in thisid before contained to the contrary hereof in any wtfe notwithstanding.

- )IX. JRravided always. That the execution, of any sentence so appealed from; as aforesaid, (hiall not be suspended by reason of such appeal, in case the psrty or parties appellate shall give sufficieMt Jocprky, to be approved of by the court in which such (F'xfc"^on sentence'foajl be given, to reftote the ship, veil'd, goods or ef- t^besuspend-concerning which fuel) sentence shall be pronounced, or-ed, if the ap-tjfeifolli ysdue thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in case the pedate give fe-fenfeqcS'so appealed from shall be reversed. cunty.

1 And bfcit enacted.That in case any person, who was not person wj, 0 a pw*y ihitbeiifirst.lnflancetof the cause, shall inteipose and ap- was not anarff p^l- fromftifenteaeergivenin any admiralty Court, such person.nv in the first <?t)l»k0r: h6r agfifit (haJI, >at-the same time, enter his or hertinlla"c-^l, !'r* <4«n> otherwise such appeal shall he null and void. peu'^s to en

I i 3 XI ter his claim

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. ocg.£

Captorsbretk-.

XI. And betttfi|rtherieaa<9Bd: b£>rire srhHuntyiaforfetofo^iltat ing bulk, or if. my.commander ior commander^ lofitctomloffiltertyifeaiAgwl mrttne*/ fold tecs or others. (halXtareaft bulkpanirbOtrdp cmimp-p£ the JrKjriey* jdwobyl place, goods, itnproh nrt di rW % Jue. tsckjo, furnhure er appkrdcf >ot>ibdangitig> itQifadt prig*

<pr*ms to taken, futbtcmrainjder, officer; f«iman* TnarsOeyfais dier.or other; ,; {halt forfeit trebletheuvohroof a&foob mbneyt, jcwels, plate,: goods* mefoharfoneytackieyiiitnitiwept bpfasu^ _ as be or they shall imbesii; oneithkxkpatt thereof) to (be sd dtc

Greenwich0 u^c oiGntmiehMafpitah, and thefOtbentwa<thir<fcpaitrrthtmnrf

Hospital, and to him or them that wilt foe for the same fey auftfoaicfi bkhci, the other two plaint orinformation in any CDHt*x>f reared, anoGtrmfcBefmw; to the prose-, in whichno «ffian* protection or waget of fowy arf ihodt yfcu cutor- one imparlance shall be allowed..t ro gmlulor hi

Appraise-

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidd> nntsraiul- That alt appraisements and (aka of any foip oedmpsxfigWHtr, taken byr't^e wares Ormerohandizes, as shall be taken bynOycf 1o».Ma-King's ships, jesty'* foips of war, shall be made by agents or porforia ttutai-tobe mtde by hated and appdinted in equal numbers bythefbupofScees or flag ^dgwttsfar officer, captainsor captain, officers or officer, Siipsi^ofo^tfoiet ryu*, or ^'P's company, and others intitled thereunto (thfo'iurto'foy)

That if the flag officers or flagofficer of any -fleet-0ft4qtiatHt>dlof

Regulations^ships as shall take any such prize or prizes (or the mtiorwy«f agents"1115' *8 officers* if more than ode) Avail rwminmeaifowppDsnt

b'oneor morepersonnr persons, agent or agcntstofolkoraaprkifc the same as a/ordaid, then the captains and eofomdriwrm'w captain and commander intitled thereunto, or thf tm^oritytwf "/ 11'them, -if more than one, Audi nominate and dppdMKthe

7r 7 Hke.number of persons or agents to mct forthoot^ and HI

' /' 7 the other officers under the degree of a captrinondcoatmafedtr

-M: Entitled thereto, or the major part of them, ihsH alfenronflause

' soduppoimthe like numberorpersons for agents toast fbvatwai;

-and att.th*.crewa of iheftveral ships companies -bf-ttodleorkr'Squadron, or ship's company and others intitled thereeo^ifefqbe '7; f V major, part of them, shall libewifo nomsaate and appointiabe 77., same nuinber of persons or agents tb odt on theirbetadfiinlfnih

.7' appraisntent or fak*. d ton llcrft

Kot u>extend XIII. Provided, Thatnothing herein ctmteinedi Aatbextcriti, tu privates*. or.b« construed to alter or make void any. agreementstgrerfaefe-ments made or to be made in writing between the Wtsqipifii-Cars and framenof any private ships or vefleU cfvtftr. 11V X Agents to ex-

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority KfarefeW,

litbk e«d ft - Xhat ail and every person or persons who shall be fb nomhnBtd fttttrs'of ae-^appwntedagsnt or agents as aforesaid for any peizeoepumes tomey*in* lie taken by any ship or ships, vessel or veffids of War, on by my court where merchant, ship or ships employed in his M^eflyttfifchri<fe}aor the prize shall having letters of marque, or-for receiving- riwMwuntylforeiD be condem- aper grantfed, and w-hicto proe or priees foall boeotfefotnrtcdan the high court of admiralty rn Orsit firitoh}, art <n'attV utfca

courts (rfadmir^y in any of his^ MajestylrpIdmdtieUfm^fot/-riia^ ta.many other his Majesty's rtotTiinidnj*', 06 elfoMfNfoe, 7, where, the said friac and p»bK, < hQ4 t'Vfryiof-'4lWb»i

i condem-

1756& 1 c. 34, 4^.7

notidfofoi^idl^mhi^ in the fuid

bt^-can^admnrityHin SrmtBrrtmn? ^orrifanihc nespective QMrtD of ladomahy rm Akaeatkai otMnaby oiberihis Majesty's riMOinH^orelfowhe^ wfiarcthe foMpozedncl prizes, and crexyuf thant shall be cotuienwed, his or their respective let*-for knar* ofattonieya^ or tfadovagent or agents

for the purpafc flfonefcud'yl&od: t£ anyperfaaor. persons so ap-pomtqd 3g^oriageqtlTOufom£nd, shall refufoor neglect so tok» for sthefpaee- of fcxjeakihdarmonthi next after sentence of cxMukmmtfotfe of any pviob ftndi be given irtthefa high court Artgdiforaby in Great Britain} or in America> orwther his Majesty V<dc*nink)«&, 'for the orroarui distributtan of which he or (ttody foakh^appeintedagenttor agents, fochperfen or persons so refusing or neglecting frail forfeit the sum of five hundred ifxMtada* tp taheoovened by him or them who shall sue for the Am* by oflftonof <tebt* bill, plaint or information in any court of leortcfe in Great Britain?, America or.ia any other of his Ma-jtfoyfc dominions, welsewhere; in winch noeflbin, protection jpti wager of kw, or more than oneimparlmoe shal 1 be allowed. asinScYw' Provided always* Thar if any agent or agents frail be Agent ap- appointed Piter the time any sentence or epodmnation in any Pol^teti a*fer ioihthe fwdeourps of admiralty shall be given* such agent ^re^erhii ' Ogenttrshall* under the aforesaid penalty, register or cause to be letted of at->rog«foeredish manner aforesaid, his or their respective imers 'Or ioriity in like ^tcr»ft^ attorney* or them agent or agents as nunner-

tmfore&id within the spaorof six calendar months after the date wfohefeid tetter or letterrof Attorney.

Andr be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Agents togms

!<£? W*» p'^ IP$Z"»:* 'J311*rimeap^in*

?Vhhen^froai the enemy by any of his MajestyV traps of walr, cd for pay-

jpnMifffo notification shall be ^nren by the persons or agents arp- ment of the

pointed* Hraforesaid, of the day appointed far the payment of(hare6*

?<the-JfcvciJaNhares to the captors aforesaid; afterwhich puWiek.

tenfiettfoof if tny menrfrarfc? frill remain ip fhc hands of the Shares of run

persons <or agents appointed as aforesaid* either belonging to mc"»nd fu£h

dfisth mbn' as shall be ron ffoaa his Majesty* ftmrice* or whteh demanded

shall not be legally demanded within throe, years, then such within three

tfbwcrjdrffhatet so xemaining in the persons or agents hands, or years, so be

4whangin|^to»fochmens< frail run fromchis Majests'S fervioe, p*, ltl0<? ee, ?-

dhall-geamdbe paid tori the nfo*of Gromv'ub itBfpaah r W1C 10 plt

XVII. Pi»vided'always and be it declared and enacted by Prize goods

?htfbmifoaf»ty irforesaid, Thatwothing; hereto ebmaahed shall ex-n^t eaei»^«d

ivfmdfnon be* Confhuod Ao ^xtendtorexemptanv ships, goods,*oia ^uvm*

c'twtaepanoft oeerohandifee vataeadyr taken, and which shall be taken

vrt* prints and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any 7

joofbisM^bfty's pfentations in ^fiomrj, frdm the payment of any

/* mfljbmsior 'duties, or from being fabjedi to such reitridions

inakdiiogtslatiofii ttrddiioh the same nbw arc ©c shall hereafter be

/liabk j^virtue of the biws ami Aatutes of this realm*

VXH/llkfiAnd biy^the authority aforesaid^ That Prize^ships

( foip^Porfreffek w^fc^ilhalbbt legally condemned^ shall b^considered

'si# all iateiits tan^ purposesc ^vbatfoeyia* be cpnfidircd1 as British a, BfiUfli built

Ii4 built ships.

AnbaVi&fidteMtu^ GKmnflilivcKi^ [^1

bifflt flii^dr vessel jr- and be deem fed*riS tefcte i OmI

be thtjHed to-have and enjtty-iH Srtd eWf^thd /bffie^righnQ'&t

bfeYi?ei, f 'privileged and

Wtft British{birik Slips or veflih* and Owl] ^fu^j^rKtitatbk to all and vetythe rules fendTOgutatittaatta*!^ t>rveffds sine'tobjedtsmcHUbtetoy*r kafagtt* the contrary thereof in any mifein6fcwifateto4h^ mul'j^iuncni it Car.*. CjS. XKX. And whereas by a claufoiM bnraffef'pudimedipriBU in

C'i*, the twelfth year of the reign of Kitig Charles ifoSftbndjijrmniM)

An act for the enOonraging anfd kioreftfag^f 4hlppHa^to^?nML

gation, it is 'enabled, TC>dt no gentswcekmoditiep tfoabut^rumdb, production or manufacture of Muscovy, or of anyibeWsMf*fy&-minions or territories to the greatduirortmpeeor'(fid(Auto&^ $r 'Rtiffia belonging; as also that nofohtsofmasts, timbormtpapdk^us foreign salt, pitchy tar, rtfen, hemp or Jknc\1 raisons^fogs^on^di, olive oils, no fort of corn or grain, fagar, pot tfflesyWMeswriketa*, Or spirits collect A^ua Vita or brahdy wine, shouMf'ffantmddjbr the firstdrty of April which was in theyearif our LOmifotO\uUufittii; six hundred andsixtyone, be imported into* EogktHd^oJndifkl,

Wate$, or town^Berwick upon Tweed,# flip WOjflkpr, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but in fitch us do truly atri^hkbmufontbi belong to the people thereof, or fomt of thm, as ebeOrueffluriMs void proprietors thereof, and whereof the mafier ami three* ffutuirof the mariners at leaftare English 5 and that noturrantsjnofr&mosmb dities of the growth, product or manufacture of any < of obpmaktnin, iflhnds, dominions or territories to the Ohoman or jFunk % h*9Uipdfte belonging, fhculd, from and after the first defy ^Stpmhheritaifc* ivas in the year of ear Lord one thousand fix hundnedwi fishypm,' be imported into any of the forementioned places wauyftdfi onbefitl

but which is of English built, and navigated as*of or foody Mod iuAu*'other, except ordyfuth foreign flips and vessels asarstfthuifaiieef

'itbat country or place of which the said goods ape tbigmbtifr$<pfiodtfr'

PHn-or manufacture reflectively, oroffitch fort Where the fonWjgoods 1 CdtPcftty be, or mdfl ufieally are first flipped for eronflortotiotQsodd Where ofihe wafer and three fourths of ^he^marm^rs^at^Ui^gacof 'the fond country or plate. Under the penalty and forfeiture ^foflnpand goods: - and whereas the fdlidg of British bttih fltpi tofos4ig/smds r6 beneficial branch* of trade, and ought therefore to be amrikagfli, and ft is: highly reasonabk that BtitUft flips forfold^Crbobogob/ properly of foreigners, florid enjoy the same prbiltgk^iu thejaHtug-Joint, as if they were of the bUrh of the reffective ckuhtriesw Thf red ted places from whence futh flips do come y now, be it fctoherp6Mti*l clause not to by the authority aforesaid, Thatfr<mvahd after^l>e<^idiif«e»-pfohibit the teenrth day of May one thousand fe?<ert hpndtedtfnd'fifty rfiw^ jSrSiflihaiitnnd during the prerentar withFttinee, and no> ktofgtviirimfoA Vflfitfi^ of the recited claSfc in thefald act of the twelfth yea^tf 'the^e>gtfvef gMdrrdemi- King Charles the Second shallhbt extend et beec^iftinaieaiitqeM-yend to-hinder of prevent any person of pe^fone^wharfcavir thipt arertavi-importing into the kingdom of Great Britaik^or frelduj, ffnwda* hert- of the^g^tkls or metcharidisies tweritioned and exprtffisdki iodifoaedi the^Wrt&il clause, in shipping-

6 the

*£5$] iV?n©vift&iHW8& '&34A

JtheJt ifl(w>4»io£K»*(«^ife» trtftrfffaww pfi 4<Hpini9h$^ni) mtrifows tthh'fc Majesty

pplfeffiw, so as- the .^n«J jipjf strfwlhsrief tSti^iBafrjiwtf HtJeaftn belonging to apd mn j( foHbcship ot\ vwfelr tmsBrtiisis, <*r; of, (hei same, country $r

g?o)»t^ prpdu&pn^ manufactures r*Ctfoflfy, /ppdil*>t pthcfjyife.

vi X^Frovidedalway$, TbsMlgopdsand merchandizes.im-Good* jra, ptOxted.inta Gwot Britam <y Irjandy in ships belonging to, and ?r*'

Sjberip^ertyqi»£!1fore*g«ers»J1»ltbo)Ugh British built, (half pay being the jdlifins, appall other duties, -in the same manner, as if such ships ptrty of so-, Stetje-dbotigo-hoilt* v - feigners, to

vc iJCXioWnd as a -further enoouragement to the officers, sea- PaV alieni canfsb^vfhairines, fqldkrs, and others, on board his Majestyi sduty*, ships<pfr wfar, > as oJfp.of privateers, to attack, take and destroy,

noy. fbtps of fprpe belonging to the enemy.} be it enacted by the Bounty mo-- authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid, by the treasurer of ney payable rJKtS Majesty's navy, upon bills to be made, forthby the commis- to the captors, 6o»fer*i ofiithe naVy, to be paid according to the course thereof, ^e^fo/all without fee or reward, unto the officers, Teamen, marines, fol- men ©n board w&ttfytvjoftothers, that shall have been actually on board any of the enemies dhis Mojcdy's ship or ships of war, or privateer or privateers, inh'P* of war '.any aCbon where anyship orshipsaf warqr privateers shall have ^"ei^)r ^e" taken, from the enemy, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroy-^edj^haseihis Majesty's declaration of war.against Franct, dated vJfeoxsaid&Menteeathday «£ May one thousand seven hundred and shftyffrt0*1&* pounds for every man which was living on board wiy thip or ships so taken, sunk, bnmt, or otherwise destroyed, intvtho beginning, of the engagement between them} the num- Numbers tobe cheresflfueh-wn to be proved by the oathsof three or more, of ascertained Vtheichief officers, or men, which were belonging to the said ship uP°n oatlli -or.shiprofwjuyar privateers of the enemy, or belonging to any ofethem, «t the time of her or theirbeing taken as prize, sunk,

Jhnr^notsotharwi(» destroyed, before the mayor, or other chief Mnagiftmteinf-the.port within any of his Majesty's dominions,

\ whettsunto any prize, or officsw, -or men of such ships, as were Junky, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought, or before the Brii.rJ/j-coaful, or viceicanful, residing at any neutral poit to which such prize, or officers, orrnco, shall be brought; which -oatbstbe (aidmayor, or other chief magistrate of any such pore, or confd, or viee consul, are hereby refooCUvely impowered i«ttdi»q«imd: tO)administer, and shall forthwith grant a certifi- T

-catethenaofo without, fee, orimwaxd, directed to the commis-,

fiontrtiofnthe- navy s upon producing which certificate to the and a certifi

commiflrtOBewi of his Majesty's navy, together with an authen- ra6e itKbcopyrbf the«onderw«ioo.af such ship.so taken}, orif such 0^"

(fcpibelwik, burnt* or othewife destroyed, on producing only t0Wi ansrtificate fiomthermayor, or, oilier chief magistrate, or ^on* cemmHSdner*, fol» or wice cowful, as aforesaid, the said commissioners of his of.thcj»avy/ MrqBftyfrnavyb topfoohperfcp pr persons as they shall appoint JJ-i for that, purpukiihatl according; tQ, tiip. course. of the with- natWufticik

x: J j in the ship bo

499

faolidrvdfif

ufPMdfc

Pjivjctend t*be msdeaccoKi'. 5ng to proportion settled by proclamation.

Where such tttth and certificate cannot be' had at the; $rft port,

Hie same may be made at ally other ports

Oath being made of such inability at Ifeeinrit port.

Bills for bounty money to be paid to agents,

an^l divided a-inpnglt the' captors.

hares not demanded with* in three years to be paid to Green wien Hospital.

Atir# vfcdfano nono-GaoMifibUi Cu^A* L^T.5^ ipfifaqndsys, makcow bjMs fortbc amrius* of

directed to the treasurer of the i»Yy,: ipay^I*ita, and tai foe divided amqngft the officers, seamen, .«qriDe»iai»d b»hfecafo, van hoard his Majesty's ships of war, tpnvmnsf, lifotrmawd^copbm-tLon^ as by his Majesty's fndMKtttitota baiffisedfoedhide^iur. pose' shall be dueled a»d appointed!} jand aimngfb dNcomsmi officers and fvajpen, of anyptMa*e^effidt»J(htpr*| vrar^ia 6scfc manner and pspportion, osbyianyiagnowBdaldn twyitifeg i they shall have entered-iogo for-UiaibptMpM^ llbaUibtedircftemoin

XXII. Provided, nevertheless, That. aifctcafrfiw.hdrn'V Ack Of>th and certificate cannot be; s^ mirufiasd arnb graoStd. wtrthe first port whereqnto any pri jorcfficers (wmpnootffiachcftjipi as shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otsbertViCe destroyed,; fhett be brought, fiichoath or onths-reiating to any priB«pp*ijse*, th* shall be taken, or u* any ships of his Majesty's utomiapiebe shall be sunk, bornt, ce.cCherwifcdestroyed, Aitafarefosiif, -fhdl and may be admioiftesed and taken by and beftueArmajsoivot other chief magiftiateof dDeport within any «b' tos MajeS^ dominions, or by or- before the' Britisht consul, ornriee 0111(4 residing at any neutral port where unto anyprine o« phrase^'dr officers or men of any ships belonging to hu Majesty't. obobm, as shall be taken, ffink, burnt, ! or ochervrife deftr«yod?c4iatta any time afterward* fee brought, (proof being fird cnadBiiyt affidavit before suchperfcfo of persona of (the- inability bfcj nuking such.o?th or oaths, and obtainingfueh oertiskate, at thrfiodfirit port) and the mayor, or ©then chief mBgtstrate, consul,; or vioe consul, shall thereupon.grant fitch certificate-and entifiedteiajs are herein before directed t whichoertificateand certificate* shall he good and effectual to all intents and purposes; as*£ifa*4naK were granted by the mayor, ' or other chies; nrtgiftratcycebbM, or vice, consul of the port.to which such prize orpriotsd of.men, as aforesaid, shall be first brought f arty. dnngherain contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the b.ili or bills to.he.made oat, for the bodnty foeaeby granted, to, the > commanded, officers, seamen, marioeajjfot-diera and QtbefB, of his M^eft/* (hipa of wo lyfbrr* along, sinking, burping, or other wise deploving, any flNpssofiumrtri* privateers, belonging to any of his Majesty's enemies, fhrilbe made payable to such person orperson* aefhaUfe&au&arigefiond appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains, or captain, officers or officer, _ ships companies, or ship'a cett*wy,; wl others, dntitled thaw unto, in like manner as. hereinsbffomts directed for the nouiiiwUng and appointing agents for appraiso-ments and falecto be mode as aforesaid; the fsKHetarfcediftd-buted and divided.by the said person or persons so authonacd and appointed amongfo. the capMKS, im(boh manner} fotrOnfid proportion, as; aforesaid; the feveraf ftwHeerofi i whidh captors, if npt legally demanded withia tbCeeycars after pbUiofendtifi-

' cation, and also of fu^sasifitallinmr fromtfoie Ad^efty'srfonrice,

ftydl tjcoyplied to the' use of Gretnwtib Rospital j and that the

bill

*7 $6.1 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. $4; 491

hpiiiocfcilfot* Be tsadewot-forthebourtty hereby granted topri- Bountymowey ttftecto fin taking, burning, Unking, or <rtherWHe destroying, dwSK Dy, d»fis: afiv(ar, or pnvateen^ belonging td any of Ms Maje- ^agreed, fty^cmeims^ fhalLbcimde payable to such person or perlbm Wifipali ibo^nominated and appointed by the owner or owners, pfeocraoawdi feamon, offocn privateer or ftrivateterS, who shall fend takes*-, font, burnt/or otherwise destroyed the same, or ^jnmrn parti of them y to hr divided in fudt manner and pro-ponionsj)aai(ha)l'hiw«!beni a^reed«n by &em as aforesaid.

1I X XI VUBruvtdod always, and be it ehaftCd; That if an

ltd my <W*fo MajestyV^efts o. r w. b the eMmf

dnw/uriapyortho dominions and territories remaining and con- and retaken birining. under his Majesty's , protection and obedience, which by the King's tadfe, before taken-Or surprized by any of his Majesty's enemies, ^'P* or Priw-umAwany eirae afterwards again forprized and retaken from h?steen* ^MajeS^s encnues by any of his Majesty's ships of war, or any -private tuan of war, or other ship, vessel dr boat, under his vltyeftyie protection and obedience, that then such ships, vefleis,

beaut and goods, and every such part and parts thereof, as afore-daid, rSortnarty belonging to such of his Majesty's subjects, shall -eiaUrCafosj ibe adjudged to be rtAored, and shall be by decree to be restored 3pf 41 said codreof admiralty accordingly restored to such for- on paying; (tnttbaWner or owner* or proprietors, he or they paying for and in P1^ siniiea of fatage, if retaken from the enemy by one or his Ma- J^etheyVere ijesty't foips of war^ one eighth part of the trufe value of the in the enemy's iwfo?/wefnh/> boats and goods respectively so to be restored; hand. owMcb (mirage Anil be answered end paid to the captains, officers, brtd<feaai in rite said man of war, to be divided in such mats-

«erfts before in this act is -directed touching1 the share of prizes rModgjngltothe flag officers, oaptains, officers, Teamen, marines.tndftddiemy where prizes are taken by any of his Majesty's shiprs bfoear; s and if taken by a privateer, or other ship, Vessel or boat, ",

vbeforfe it-bae been* in the possession of the enemy twenty four -hdurs?ohe*ightfcpurt of the true value of the said ships, vefleis, rfeootsiandgood*'; wnd if it has been in the possessidn of the enemy aebove/thea^y fourhours, and under forty eight hours, a fifth part othftaff s< mid'if above foWyeijgtn hours, and under ninety six Lheiteywithirdi'pwt thereof; and if above ninety six hours, aJ^J^tobe society thereof; ' all which, payments0 be made to any priva- without de. ftt*r, Yo*paber foip, ' vessel, or boat, shall be without any deduc.- du&km. tti«nS4'iand)if 'such (hip4b retaken by any of his Majesty's ships ^'he ^'P re-alfr.wtip5 or ktf any private maw of war; shall appear to have |^e"u

- beefa, eifw she taking by the enemy, by them set forth as a man enemy, ms a*lerfiwadjithet former owners and proprietors to whom the same man of war; offtalhlm restored, foall'be-adjudged to pay, and shall pay for ' t0Pa7 -(stage, itheifolhmoietyibflthetrue value of the said fhtp so takenJj

nd reftnrtdv without deduction as aforesaid j anylaW, custerm v»iue;, «tf'Uftge tfa the contrary; notwithstanding,;

sfo bine; u S...; 'KXV. 'And':

I'd

4£P Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. cm$A* f

Ship* or rotr- XXV, Ap4|b^it. i af^fiefiskL'

tok h* ol Tbfdincaleaqy, ^PW, Vfflel>1qjTa^«pp^in^ai^i»ftf

lusion by pri- °e taken ty any Privateer through wnfent, or d zndfftinely, or

vatfers, ' ^y cpllu^oxH»£9«WWa* ft^t^'V^efc3J?dftip|>50ds

apd merchandizes,; wd aho the ship's, <fwklfl*>: f ntfm^, {qfcps-rel and.amraunit.ipn, /9f fHvli pr^WWv: ^H^pdn Pf<K^h-

forfeitedtohit of to be made in 1»S jVfajpfty's Efdxft/tCrfPf, -ifi tbs

shaw^rf, th court o^ admtralfy, be dec^red w^ adjudned^b^igOftdnpriM Gaiety bJ the*t(? W* Majesty's pd, qn? Wq»C*>hdW«>£ dwHib* Itqttbftfkfie«cromvtbe Ids Majesty, ' his heirs m$/u#c(ror&,; f»nd vth* qthj^fqcwejy. to 'other to the the ufpbf such person, who shall dtfcflWfi aiwr, foqifar?*lW fwse; p^Vlt°rt a^ the bond given by thecaptairyqfTttPh fcj

bS a King'* " aac^ ls hereby adjudged to be forfeited to bjs Majestyri) and is ship, the cap. case any such ship. or vessel, pr any goods or n^jjehqndiaes*tain to forfeit aforesaid, shall be taken by.aoy man of war, through Kmhpet, jooool. clandestinely, or bycollpfien or connivance ofi Ihe.owwqwdo of captain, suchenmoW'der or captain, <h»ll foidertrthftinra (> one thousand pounds; qua moiety thereof to the use of his-M*-jedy, his heirs and succeslbrg, and the other moie^rtOitba uit of such person who shall discover and sue for thqfiinreri/tobc 'recovered by action of debt, bill, pkunt: or information*, sawy of his Majesty's courts of record, wherein ao efibiq.'prptcdbM. privilege or wagpr of law, or any more than qne; i(9|^tboce

shall be allowed; and such captain profficer, (half fogfeifchb command and employment, and shall be, and is hefejbyhdi&toM and made, incapable of any office or employment under; bt*Ma- je(ly, during (fie (pace of faven years $ and the said, goods land merchandizes, and die. ship, tackle, apparel, furnttwre* gens and ammunition so taken by collufioo, dull be. ftndthr. hereby adjudged to, be gqqd prize to his Majesty.; v -

Run men for-

XXVI. And be it further enacted by theaulhQfit^nfiqgefejd, feit their (lure That no, person or persons belonging to any of, his, Mqjqftjf's of prize and Qj. vejfe]s of war, of to any merchant, (lvip employed in

his Majesty's service, who shall run away, or withdraw hint/Ot themselves from the (bipor.vefleb.by which any priap^r; pwe shall be taken from aqy of his Majesty's enemies, opotbcrwUc from his Majesty's service, before or after notifkationtJlMdljbe given by thp persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, flf*bed»y appointed for the payment of the several shares to the captor* of the said prize or prizes, shall have, or be intituled to* haw, or claim any interest in, or benefit of the said Ihareqr-lbafe^ of the said prize or prizes, qr she bounty money, aff^lzid,; -* any part thereof.; byt such share, and shares of Rich ptifu? and: prizes and bounty, mQnpy»' shall, go and bc pakl.to thsftiltfetftf Greenwich Hospital.

XXVII. Provided always, That, if any perfi)n, or..perfiafts

and be suspended for leven years,

and the ship and goods forfeited.

bounty money j

to be paid to Greenwich

Hospital}

and.if they run, after notification,

remkiw ofhensaid, he or they shall forfeit and Jose such pant of !>iMP4 <b*ir theirfcwein share and shares of the said pr»9 or.prizBsaod. bftunftfi«9P«J(». ttre aaenta as /had be remaining in the said agent or agents hands* i# (he aanda. '* time

shall or dp run away, or withdraw him or themfelws ffOl»>^py nh']° fqch ship or vessel, as aforesaid, after, notification gjvp# a#jtfo&r

75^1 A»nO Ili

m

_______ any Wife

*X, XV^lIi>(ArHS be it1 effaced by Ihe authority aforesaid, Th: ft Agents, Wtth-all auvd tfVefy perfah and' pe*so!hs, agent and agents, and others in three who jfhfclffoll; of btherwifedHpdfeof any prize or prizes so to months he takeri^as aforesaid* from iny of his Majesty's enemies',

Within^ (pice* of "three eaflettdkr months next after the day to j^ti payment^ be ^ppofoted fbrtbe first payment or distribution to the captors to transmittoi of fa<^ prize or prizes made in pursuance of such publick no- tte tific^tien^s'aforesaid, make out and transmit, or deliver unto HoS^a3* the tre^foiWOf the (kid rbyal hospital at Greenwich for the time account of the bei&gy dr'soft&h person or persons as he shall for that purpose produce bf ctepute^d^iapp^rfcj i true statend account ih writing, under such prizes»thd hund of han'ds of such agent or agents, or person or persons \

(ty^mpteyed, of the produce of all such prize and prizes as aforesaid^vOgelher^Vfith an account of the payments of the fercraf an(j payments (hires1 fo1 ^hb'edptors, as shall then hfcve been really and bona of shares j fidi b)/W(n; 6r rhem respectively paid; and also that all and every pM^rton persons authorized and appointed by this pfefe'nt acct, and a]f0 tnmC. tP'tweivd billa for the bounty hereby granted, shall* Within the mita like to like spaee of three calendar months, next after the day appoint- count of the 0d'for the first payment or distribution of such bills, for the ^ylltypM>" botirttyas aforesaid, in like manner make out and transmit, or y*,

deliver to the treasurer for the time being of the said hospital, or to h»9 ftiffidieWt deputy, a true state and account in writing, uh-def his or their hand or hands, of the payment and distribution of Web'bills1; And further that all and every person and persons, agfetlftlatid others, that by virtue of this acHha!l fell or disprofe or any prize or prizes, which shall at any time or times here-i after >beMafcen from the said enemy, by any of his Majesty's ships ^Wefiels of war, or that shall receive or dispose of anjj^ i bill bills fdr bounty, ftkch person and person$, f agents and ofcheWfafeHing ai\d disposing thereof, shall within the space 6f three calendar months next after the expiration Of the term of and within three yiarsv limited by this act, make out an exact account in three years writing of the produce of such prize and prizes, b?H and bills ^onoath^ ftK boutity ^a9 also of the payments of the feveraRhares to the ^nfmita respective captors, together with a true and just account Upon like account oath; to1 be taken before the treasurer of the said hospital for otfhe produce the tittlefoetrtg, or any other perfort or persons, by him for that offu^ymrizes ptfrp&fe deputed and authorized, in writing under his hand and foal (Wtifcli Oath the said treasurer of the Paid hospital, and his money, t ., > suffichmt deputy and deputies authorized as aforesaid, is and are;, n

hereby authorized and impowered to administer) of all sum and and of all Jams fomsofl rrioney as shall be thdn remaining in such agent or agehts then^e^ii^ of petfocls costody, power or possession, and shall at the "fame !n*> V. time deliver, OrCaufetobe delivered to the treasurer of the said »n '*> n*. hospital for the tiiViey or to his fuffieienft deputy or agent1, thew, dcb>w*oi?i said acdAuHts^ so aVtefted'upbiVbath as aforesaid, together with all faeft temaftfing (dm and futris of money then so left and fctnaiVi^ tJ the tuaftuw

ing

mm nt/H

>'t l; VI U] to Y

counts and payments, to forfeit 100l. over and above the money then in their hands 5

4^4 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. C^,

*r* of tht fi?d ing in his or their tends as aforesaid, taking hospital; surer, or his proper deputy or agent, his on their itfgf,

acquittances for the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That ail lbs

j^JJg ^?n. person and persons hereby directed to transtbit or delive^ kU or der such ac- any the accounts before-mentioUed, Who shall hegleft Md-.ftfuir to transmit or deliver all or any such account of the

treasurer of the said hospital, or hie said.deputy br igbte, wub-in the time before limited and appointed, in manrter and foni as is herein before mentioned, or who (halt negtedtor refute re pay over all and every such sum and Ante of money, % s {^uiB remain m his or their hand or hands, power, custody ppScssion, after the term of three years, to be apepunted 'fts[

shall for dvery such offence, forfeit the fuQi oftitffiiuldftd pounds, over and above the money then in fu^ one third to one third part whereof shall belong to his Mflefty^lmif rlh$ rt-the King, and maining two thirds to the said royal hospitsQ, to ^foVpfei costs of suit, by action of debt, hfll> plaint dr noipttai. tien, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, ih wT foin, protection, privilege or wager of law, of mbi imparlance shall be allowed.

If there sp-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any ebl-

pearany fraud lusion or deceit, (ball- be wittingly of willingly

n such ac- committed, permitted or done or suffered, in uiaking^ fflttjo;

foTcon^rn- or ballancing any Aich accounts, then every P

ed to forfeit who mall be thereof duly convicted, and his and ti&uvuites

1061. extra, and abettors, shall forfeit and pay for every such offett^'6 % r

and above the penalties and punUhtnents inflicted, w&i$

One third to the sum of one hundred pounds, one third part Wh^fTOf ie the King, one to the use of his Majesty, and One other third to to thehofpi- said hospital, and the other third to the ^WaltWc

for the same, to be recovered with"costs of suit, debt, bill, plaint or inforulation, in any. court of which no eflbfn, protection, privilege or wager of Prfafy than one imparlance shall be allowed. /y

XXXI. And whereas good and ttfeessary laws bave'beeny are Jfill in force within ftueral of his Majestfs colonjispr tiens in America, for preventing the carrying off froth ftie jdt& tb Icnies dr plantations any servant or slave without the citiftk3 owner, or the carrying off from thence any other perfok\ fr ffffks whatsocvery until such person shall have taken out his ticket

secretarfs office^ within such refteftive colony or plantatibnx ifijffr* manner and under such penalties and forfeitures, as in and Vf thi f£i several laws is declared and provided; be it therefore rdrt^ei? jfis-by the authority aforesaid, That all commands laws in British vat€ ships of war, or merchant ships having letter* Of colonies in shall upon their going into any of those ports br harboiifi be

going into the subject, and they are hereby determined to be subject to the le-veral directions, provisions, penalties and forfeiture* in dnd ty such laws made and provided; anything in this^ Confined to the'contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandin&*

tal, and one to the prole* cutor.

pwu there.

m Provided alvyajp*, TJ^t^n«^i^i9|Jijs act cocaine

d wall

n*

His Majesty

be construed to restrainh Majesty, his heirs and iao "ppowered to cefforsj Tr6m giving fu'en further rules and ^kedfipns to his re^ f^Vtotbe* % ^vecqu.r[s of a^a^iraJtjr. ipj ^e adjudioation and coodem-

courrs of ad-

natipt^ of bri^csf '&?, hjr his hejjrs and fiicccflors, mirtlty.

with thevice of'hip, % tfojf yriy, CQ^iJ, shall be thought, r

Jr^harfasjnl ftfl private t>r merchant j

tt v expedient for the 'bet-Jfr difclpline, and 'so^rment^j juchjfrips, that foil persons who shall enter tfcefnfelyet on board the foldMptshould be under proper regulations to, pqy obedience, lfl(the laity $ ywmnds of the captains and thief ciyimauders^of the fold fiips* be it therefore eiiatfed by the authority aforesaict, That all offences committed by any officer or offence* com-feduiap qn board any privateer or merchant ship taking Letter of mitred on imarqiiq dpri^the present.war with -prance+ mall be punished board PnTj|* fanner as the like offences are punishable on board.

of war* a. < King'* ship*.

Provided always, That all offenders who shall be Crimes cognt-acc^fedQf such erimes as are cognizable only by, a court-mar- zableoniy bjr tiali' tnalf be confined on board such privateer or merchant ship* ^jirryiggJpUec of marque on which such offence shall be com- Jried^y a ihiyeCqndl they shall arrive in fpme port in Great Britain or coustmartiaL or can meet with such a number of lus Majesty's ships '!of war abroad, as are sufficient to make a court-martial; and upon Application made by the commander of such privateer or merchant ship carrying letter of marque, to the lord high admiral of (Great Britain, or of for executing the office oflqrd high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or tfce^ commander in chief of his Majesty's said ships of war abroad, the said lord high admiral, or of for executing the *-t - odice of Jord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being,

or any! three or more of them, or such commander in chief a- ' 1 broadA are hereby authorised and required to call a court martial for trying and punching the said offences.

XX^V, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Rce5fterg

trans-

yearly juic(«ycry year upon the twenty third day of October, or witHh^ three calendar ropoths next after the same, make out Hospital, co-and transcribe true copies of all and every such letter and letters pie* of all U*-of audrpey as. shall be so rcaiftered in the said court, or courts, ters of attor-

rvrv rertlcer*

hospitalj^r Grecriurich, to be there rfigiftered, and to be inspected Judge to afi. t>y0, apy Pfirfon gratis; the charges of which copies, and affixing ", s^tf^Jpalor.f^nd transmitting the same to the teca- ere*

fijrer gl thf ffid hospital* shall be paid by the said ageqt or a- Agents to pay gents i! tu^ipijQ of making such rcg»ftry as aforesaid and in the expence*

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. <?. $4.

case such register or registers shall neglect or refuse tb ttfinscribe and transmit such copy and copies of the said letted and letters of attorney in manner aforesaid (any ship or ships in fftdkt time failing from such port or place to 'any port or pofrtV fn Great Britain) such register and Tegtfters fb negtafftrig orrtfWng, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovefe#l>jr hith*or them who will sue for the same, by actiotf of debt, W!f, jfbirt

k or information, in any court of record in Great Brifaiti or Jftne-

rica, or in any other of his Majesty's dominions, O^cffefrrstere, in which no essoin, protection or wager of saw, or mpnfe" than one imparlance shall be allowed. 1: o

The copies to

XXXVI. And for the more effectual making4 f«tb be deemed e- attorney evidence of the agency of the person or pertbm' to vidence of the whom the same shall be made; be it further enacted by tAe an-a*eacy# thority aforesaid, That true copies of such letter

attorney, and of transcripts, under seal, transmitted by register or registers of the court and courts of admiralty ki fin Majesty's plantations in America, and elsewhere within Majesty's dominions, and registered by the said treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be good and sufficient evidence of the agency of the person or persons to whom such letter of attorney is or flnrff be made 5 and from time to time, and at all times hereafter, fftafl be admitted without further or other proof thereof* to be legal evidence, in all his Majesty's courts of record of law or equity; any law, custom or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai no agent or agents for prizes or bounty money shall be liable to be sued impleaded or arrested by any person or persons who shall be made run from his Majesty's service, in -

n

Agent net liable to be sued by run men in the#

til!n£terthmlife to be duly certified of the names of the officers, Team year* § marines, soldiers or others, who shall be actually oir board* any of hrs Majesty's ships of war at the taking of any pefee or prices, until the end of three months next after the eviration of three years limited by this act, for the claiming of prizes and bounty money, unless the person or persons so made run, thri! before any action brought obtain a certificate of his or their it unless the R's or R*s being taken off, and the forfeiture of his or^ieir thafe^ be sooner ta- of such prizes and bounty monies being discharged bythewm-witificitc11^ missioners of his Majesty's navy who subscribed the said lifts, and 'Scfrfi*P>0 Pr°duce such certificate to the said agent or agents respectand the agent ^vely > and unless the said agent or agents on the prodUoing^of thereupon re such certificate or certificates (halt refuse to pay the firfd priue or 'bounty money (in case the same be due and payable actordtag to the directtons in his Majesty's declaration) within two months after any such demand made'and such cettiftdate pit* duced. '

XXXVIII. And whereof great tiumbers of Jkiptf neutral nations may pass the seas. laden with navat'ffore^ intmekfrte; carried' te the pin-u of France, whereby hii Majtftfs Miwm*} itft'tmly'+e

fuse to pay the prize or bounty mo-Bey.

J Igin9 G*o*cu. IJ. c. >5. 497

euatledandmpequraged te fit out uni arm privateers to dstroy the Commissioner*, ttad+ffJubjtOtj but may also be supplied with mate- "*J£re

i riahro hepfd am fit mi flaps of war to annoy and invade his Ala- King.*

Jaflyt domimaae: and whereas divers ships of neutral nations laden as use, naval ^arasaidr May he, taken and brought into the ports of Great Britain, stores on, em4 thepwptndfe off mb navalfloret laden on board such ships of neu- ^oird "eut^f trail mefimfor tkf feryite of Us Majesty, may in many cases be ex- jn!*por<JUhy I ptdieut without proceeding to the condemnation thereof; be it there- the King's7 fore Jfarther enabled by authority aforesaid, That it shall and ships* may be laww to and for the principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty's navy for the time being* or their officers pr agegfts* during4he continuance of the present war with i*Csr.s.c«if# Franfi* ^purchase on the account or for the service of his Majesty's faeifa and successors only* all or any such naval (lores as fluJl ota&ajf hereafter be hrought into any of the ports of this kingdom bf any of his Majesty's ships or vessels on board any such (hi pc of neutral nations; and that the of and officers of the customs for the time being shall and may permit and suffer such naval (lores so purchased as aforesaid, to be entered.and landed within any of the ports of this kingdom; any thing in an act of parliament passed in the twelfth year of his late majesty King Charles the Second (intituled An act for encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation) contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for the letter recruiting of his Majesty's forces on thi continent of America; and for the better regulation of the army, and preventing of desertion there.

WHEREAS the speedy and effectual recruiting his Majesty's W regiments of foot, and other land forces in North America* is in theprefeut fuuation of affairs, of great importance to the security and defame of the British provinces and colonies: and whereas there one infevoral of the said provinces and colonies, great numbers of indented servants, who may be willing to inli/l as Jolliers, in such of his Majesty's forces os new are, or hereafter may be, employed in the said provinces or colonies: hut whereas doubts may arise, whether such indented servents can be legally inlified\ for obviating whereof, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by th^authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all v

or any of the officers of any of his Majesty's forces serving in 4icr».

Americas to ialift as afoldier or soldiers, any such indented fer-vaator firrvaius, in any of the British provinces or colonies on the continent of America, who shall be willing to enter and inlid*1

m any of the said forces; any law, cudom or usage to the contrary' in any* wise notwithstanding.

4J* Provided neMfrthcfefe* Tl\at if the owner, proprietor or Master oVed*

rYuauXXI. Kk masterInSthefeto,

498

vntlrin six months; Servant tp.be eestored, bn returning the inlming money; or satisfaction to be

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. r\*7£&

master of such indented servant, shall obj eft to the said fcrvSuit>* inftfting as a fctfdfer, within six months after1 foclf Fnrnlrir^nf, the officer inlisting such indented forvaht, or^hecipforu^ officer of the regiment or company m which such foddntfti servant shall serve, at the time foeh objection is ma^e shalt "tSttidr give him up to his said owner; proprietor Of iriWffer, r made him for ceiving back the infilling money1; or shall pay ffich Turn, ihv servants time, two justices of the peace in the province or ccJofay ttp

said owner, proprietor or master of such iifdentcdr 1b

inlisting as aforesaid doth reside, shall on applicatfombf^lth^r*of the said officers, adjudge to be a reasonable fdcomjkrtK^'na

' him the said owner, proprietor or master, in t^'e

original purchase-money given by the said owneri^ master, for the said indented servant, and-to the ttaori of fei yet remaining to be performed in consequence of Hii W&iiti

III. And to prevent any unjust or fraudulent artttffy diers, after they have inlilled in any of the said jt

Mo volunteer Ji.ibleto pro-

value of 101. Oath of the debt to be made*

cess, unless for farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no pferfbri.^ matternminal f°€v^r who shall lift and enter himself as a volunteer,

his Majesty's said forces, shall be liable to be- ttkentJutNoPhis Majesty's service, by any process or execution ^aifoevi^dror or unless for a than for some criminal matter) unless for a real debf, 'drStS real debt of the j oft cause of action; and unless before the taking cAit lpcAi '1, rkI cess or execution (not being for a criminal matter) t|li 11 Or plaintiffs therein, or some other person or person^i their behalf, shall make affidavit before one or mofejy judges of the court, out of which such process or efcectftk issue, or before some person authorized to take aflwaVII&l eburt, that to his or their knowledge the original foi?^ due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs frdrtvlhe Here, or defendants, in the action or cause of action, ott process shall issue, or the original debt for which or execution shall be issued out, amounts to <hd Vahifo'tif fth pounds sterling at lead, over and above all costs bf same action, or in any other action, on Which thelSfterfh^I^ grounded; a memorandum of which onth shall SePffimltdiPdh t1>e back of such process or writ; for which mefodhmflthft xfr

_______ oath no fee shall be taken; and if arty person so inhSin^atja

oiTtbe proccff*. soldier in his Majesty's said forces, shall neverthelef^he-in^ffgl Personarrested contrary to the intent of this act, it shall and mby belawftifior contrary here- any judge or judges of such court, or any justice d!* it lU*rty; ct the peace of the province or colony in which such ayi^fKaHbe*made, upon complaint made by the party arrrested* or IJjraty of his superior officers, to examine into the same, by Oath of^fc parties (which oath he or they are respectively hereby IropoWiT-ed to administer) or otherwise, and by warrant tmdtfr h&r'lk their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to dilftiaigeFttenfoWfer so arrested or detained, contrary to the intent"of rttiS aft, wMft-out paying any fee or fees, upon due proof madfe'bd^I^jai^ft them, that such soldier so arrdled or detained, io-"lifted as a soldier iu his Majesty's service* aadi^dm; £hd

and marked

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 35. 499,

detained Contrary to the intent of this act 3 and also to award $0 the party^graplaining fuc|vcqft$, as such judge or judges, jo-andcattsa. ftice or juflroes, shall think; reasonable: for the recovery where- war<^d tllC bf, such party shall hav$ the Ji^e remedy as the person who made C0|, 1Pia nail V the faiff arrest, or took out the execution, might have had for his cdfts, or as the plaintiff in the said action might have had fhr the recovery of his costs, in case judgment had been given, t. for him with costs, against the defendant in the said action.

IV. And to the end ths^ honest creditors, who aim only at plaintiff may the recovery of their just d^bts, may not be hindered from suing file a common

for the fiujc, but may be able to proceed in a more speedy and appearance, cheap method; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any plaintiff or plaintiffSf upon notice tirll given in writing of the cause of action to J such person or persons Co inlisted, or left at his or their last place of jretidence before his or their inlisting, to file a common appearance jp any action to be brought for or upon account of

dny debt whatsoever, so as to intitle such plaintiff to proceed thereiq to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution ^Hereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them \o inlisted as aforesaid; this act, or any other law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That if any commission or nonCom-- -OTiffipp officer or soldier, shall be accused of any capital crime, fuforfofcapi-!, t*r of ai>y violence or offence against the person estate or proper- tal crimen uq> -ty, of ^ny of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by to be deliver-Ihe krjQwn laws of the colony or province where such crime cd r?: lhe shall be committed; the commanding officer or officers of the J^1 r^lc* !rdp^iyc regiment, battalion, company or party, in his Majesty's fpryice in America, is and are hereby required to use hisnd their utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate; and shall be also aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such respective offender, in order to bring him to his trial; and if any such con^manaing officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon ajppfiqation made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and,

assisting to the officers of justice in the apprehending such offender, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the province or colony where the fa<ft shall be committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be ipfi facto cashiered, and utterly disabted to hold any civil or military employment in his Majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions of the peace 01 gaol delivery, to be held for the said province or colony, and a certificate thereof be tra.if-mitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby required to certify the same to the next court-martial.

VI. Anjjl far jreveptrng, soldiers from deferring his Majesty's justices fervke^i^fncouraging tfic apprehending of deserters in the commit d«-

v % ^jjfvmccand colonies; be it further enacted by the authority

ferters.

5odr, Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. <c*rg£. ([i ^5

aforesaid, That it shall and miy* be lawful toan& for the constable, headborough, tythingltian, or any other dvfr offices, of thfc*town dr plate where any person whb ma jrbe -reafoppblf suspected to be a deserter shall be found, to apprehend^ 6ri<eaafe him to be apprehended, and to Cause such respfidticefidrfoi^O be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near" such town or place, who shall examine such firipedted person^ iand if by his own confession, or the testimony of oneOf mote credible witness or witnesses upon oath (which bath such justicoifc bere-by impowered to administer) it shall appear that teefcp&rknr^t a lifted soldier, and ought to be with the regiment; compandor battalion, to which he belongs, such justice of the pfeu<?e ]ftadf forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the toWw or place where he shall be so apprehended, and count thereof, either to the commanding officer of the TaidVtti* ment, battalion or company, or to the governor or commander in chief of the province or colony in which such deserter(l}sH be apprehended, to the end such person may be proceeded against according to law 5 and the keeper of such gaol (hill reb^ive^fce full subsistence of such deserter or deserters, during the timo be or they shall continue in his custody, for the mafnteitan&e of such deserter or deserters, but shall not be in titled td any fee or reward on account of the imprisonment of such deserter or*I«-ferters; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding^ -

VII. And for the better encouragement of persona todppre-feeward for ^enc^ deserters, be it further enacted by the authority >afe^ei»d, taking up de- That the commanding officer of the regiment to' whidi aoy fctfert/ such deserter shall belong, shall pay or cause to be paid, i*to

the hands of such person who shall apprehend, of civri&to'be: "'i- apprehended, any deserter from his Majesty's fertice; tWe flam of twenty shillings sterling money for every desertgf thatih&ll be' so apprehended and committed. "t/1 t* >.*

VIII. And for the more effectual preventing any person from rfons con- frarbodring deserters, or buying their arms, clothes o* 'acooting-

Sealingdefert- tnents, in the said provinces of colonies; be fribftifer*ntfft«d er*, or buying by the authority aforesaid, That if any person (hattfrirttobr, their arms, conceal or assist, any deserter from his Majesty's fetvicfc^ IcntMtf. clothes, &c. inghim to be such, each and every person so offienditig, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of live pbundfc (teriing* and if any person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange; otherwise receive any arms, clothes, caps, or other fumitttce belonging to his Majesty, from any soldier or defette$ bpbiV ant account ot pretence whatsoever, or cause the'colour-such clothes to be changed, each and every person so (frail

forfeit for every such offence, the sum of five pounds Aerting, upon conviction, by the oath of one or more credibleWitness or witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty* justiceyaf the peace of the colony or province where the offence (fa# be committed, which said respective penalties shall be levied bydfc-, iVrefs and sale of the goods and chattel*1 of such offender or offenders, by warrant under thehand* ot>fazh<'^\ee ck

Y?5$jT Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. -ft.50*

justices of the peace, and shall be applied one moiety to the Snfcrfoter, or person by whose means £i/ch deserter shall be appmhended^ and the other moiety to the commanding officer ofi<the troop or company tp which such deserter or soldier shall respectiwcly belong; and in case any such offender who shall bcoonvicted of harbouring or assisting any such deserteror desertera, or of having knowingly received any arms, clothes, caps; or other furniture belonging to his Majesty, or of having canfed the colour of stich cloches to be changed, shall not have sufficient; g(>odsand chattels to answer the payment of the skid respectivje; penalties, or shall not within four days after convic-tion payith^ facne, that then and in every such case, such justice or jttftiqe& of the peace shall and may by warrant under his or thfiiribahd and seal, or hands and seals, either commit such offender, to the common gaol of the place where the offence shall; hci committed, there to remain without bail or mainprise, for any time not exceeding three months, or cause fuen offender tfo be pObltekly whipt.

IX. Provided always, That if any officer Hull break open, Penalty, on or foneibly enter any dwelling-house or out-house to search for officer break-deserttrsy without a warrant from one or more justice or inS open house justice of the peace (which warrant such justice or justices are^out war" hereby impowered to grant to a commission officer only) such officer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pound* sterling; to be recovered by any person or persons who shall foe for the same in any court of record in any province of r

colony on the continent of America.

X. Provi4ed always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho- clause foriV

fity afanefttid* That when and as often as any person or persons jicf of person*

shall be inlisted as a soldier or soldiers in his Majesty's land hastily listing,

fwtffcsoh the continent of America, he and they shall within the space of four days, but not sooner than twenty four hours after such inlisting, be carried before the next justice of the peace for the county, cky, or place, or the chief magistrate of any city*' 1

hrrtown of the province or colony where such person shall be so !;

jnlifted (oot beuig an officer of the army} and before such jur

fticctor chief magistrate, be or they shall be at liberty to declare

hi? or their dissent to such inlisting, and upon such declaration,

and returning the inlisting money, and also each person so dissenting: paying the sum of twenty shillings sterling for the

charge* expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons fa inlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the presence of such justice or chief magistrate; but if such person or persons shall refuse or oeglect within the space of twenty four hours, to return and pay such money as aforesaid, be-or they

/bail be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had

given.his or their assent thereto before the said justice or chief

magistrate; or if. such person or persons shall declare his or their« having (fvolunurily uplifted himself or themselve*, then

such justice, or, chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby, requited

foEthwujhfto.eertify wder hi* hand that such person j>r per/qa*

'Kk3*«

BP*

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. g* pi

is or-are duly inlisted, fettfog forth the placei ofithe Withtapd calling of him qr them respectively (if known) and that the second and sixth fedHons of the articles of war fagai^ftj muriny and defection were read to him or them., and that i>e had taken the oath mentioned in the said articles of war y ^nd if any such person or persons fq to be certified as didy. inlisted, shall refqfe to take the oath of fidelity before the said Jviftiw or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such omcer from whom he has received such money as aforesaid. to, detain or confine such person or persons until he or they malli&ethen^tih before required; and every military officer who, (ha^jW^ trary thereto, or offend herein, shall be forthw^.* and displaced from his office, and shall he utterly d&^e^to have or hold any military office or employment in nil! service; and for every such offence, shall forfeit the (^miof dfty pounds, to be recovered as any other penalty is by this^&dir-. re&ed to be recovered..-

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority afoflffa^ That if any person or persons shall receive the irffiftiflginoney from any officer (knowing it to be such) and shall abfcoqd^pr refuse to go before such justice or chief magistrate, declare his assent or dissent as aforesaid; such person shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, to all intents^atvjj puf*-poses whatsoever, and shall and may be proceeded aj^nft, >a*/if. he or they had taken the oath directed by the said artfelesif jyar to be taken before such justice or chief magistrate.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority afotefotd

That this act, and every clause, article and matter tneraricoiw tained, shall have continuance for the space of three years^irom, and after the twenty fifth of March one thousand sevenjf ujndred and fifty six, and from thence to the cod of fficthea nextfcfi^oa of parliament. t \

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for incbfing, by the mutual consent of the

tenants, part of any common, for the puff oft if ptamf ing* and preferring trees fit for timber or underwood % 'dhdft* more esse finally preventing the unlawful defrkBKborcf trees. r:

n h-; 'v

WHEREAS by the statute made at Merton, fi&yid*

ed and granted. That lords of wajhs, woods and &*i*\ which their tenants have common of pajiure, referring U Sufficient pafiure, as much as belongeth to their tenement^ ypit&faffluent ingress and egress to the same, may approve tbs refsue, effueh.tvasses, woods and pastures: and whereas by a (Uftute: t^e thirteenth year of the reign of King Edward the Third^orj^fm^ p, c a6. ca^he ftaIutc of Westminster the Second, // i^siofdanpod, I .1. .4 cg'hai tj)e j*ass jiatute of Merton jlmdd hold plqce wasses, woods and pastures, and the ip neighbour^ appurtenant therein 5 and provifm^ is thereby wade against ea/lwg

down

Persons refusing the said rciiei to be proceeded against, as if fitted.

Commencement and continu.mce of this act.

Statute of Merton.

1756T Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 3#. S°3

dbwn dekfi dnd 'hedges levied1 by such asbavt right Jo to approve

and whereas by an act made in the third arid'fourth year gf the reign

<tf RttigEltfward the Sixth, intituled, Art aci conc^rninig the ap- 3&4 Ed.tf.

ffroveiYiedfc bf moors and toafte grounds; the said Statutes, and c. 3.

oiler fields thereof then not repealed, were confirmed: and whereas the said prvtiifiont for the approvement of wactes, woods and prjlures.

hhve beih in many cases, renderedineffectual, by the contradiction and

difpiit Of a few persons having right of common in the said wafies,

tvrrods andpafittres \ who under pretence that sufficient pasture is nol

refirved to them, disturb the lords of such wafies, woods and pastures,

at their djsigns, ' irt the possession of the ground and foilfi approved, and

discourage' them from' averting their right tv make or continue such

approvement: am whereas the'general provisions made by an act of the

thirtyfifth far of the of King Henry the eighth, and by several 35 8 c- >7*

other aftd Of parliament, for preserving woods; and the particular

frituififrnf madibytwo several acts of parliament of the twentieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the 20 Car*1*c 3»

IrfctMafe £na preservation of timber within the forest of Dean;

cftidtfte'other rfthe ninth and tenth year of the reign of King Wil-

It^trr iht Third, intituled An act for the increase and preserva- 10

dbn trf^imberin the New Forest, in the county o{'Southampton y thereby fart of the wafie lands of the said several forests are directed to Wbtchfed and kept in several ty for the growth and preservation of i'mbtr, have not been duly put m execution: and whereas, fir. whnt of d proper fhppty of timber of the growth of this kingdom, d great quantity of foreign timber is necessrily ufid for building ships andhetitfei, and for other purposes\ and the general price' of timber and wood hgteatly increased: and whereas many tracts of wafie land, itrtfit for tillage dr pasture, but capable of producing different kinds of t,

trees, may conveniently be inch fed for the growth of timber and un-dthboddftb' the advantage both of the owners of the ground andfoit of such wactes, and also such as have right of common therein; and Jiich inclosure will also be of publick utility, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice a^obnfent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons iti thte present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the sache, That it shall and may be h wfui to and for his Majesty his heirs and successors, and all other owners of wactes, woods and Proprietors of pastures, in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein and persons any person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, having a right hath Or* have right of common of pasture, by and with the af- of corttntto? /ent of the ttiajor pare in number and value of the owners and occupiers of tenements to which the said right of common of pasture doth belong, and to and for the major part in number*and value of the dwners and occupiers of such tenements, by and with the assent of the owner or owners of the said wactes, foods 'and pastures, and to and for any other person or persons, or body politick or corporate, by and with the aftcnt and grant*of the owner or owners of such wactes, woods and pastures, and the major part its number and value of the owners'*

5Pfc Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. Ci-^[ % 6.

may by con- htvdgccppierr of'fitch tenements, to kietoft and pktop fonfer*-7 mSry, for the growth and preservahon ofnjmjber or underwood, thartol, Tortty part ttf so«h wactes, woodshd pafturea, farfoch-tumywad

planting and in such manner, and upon sucheonditioAS, as foattbehgvoed p_t.fliervii>g, .-by them respectively.'..i'oi 10 fit;

ua'

II. Provided nevertheless, andbeit emAedbynthe'authority erw aforesaid, That in case any reconfrpenee fltatf be agreed tobe

If any recom- given for such inclosure, to or to the benefit of theiowtietw «pd pence be a- occupiers of tenements, to which the tight of commoti Sttjftlch to the wa^cs» woods and pastures doth belong, such recompehof shall tenant; in he made either by a grant of a share of the profit which ^shalla-whwmanner, rife from the sale of the timber or underwood gVowittgGOivdfce ground or foil so inclosed, or by a grant of otMr huul^tewt-Molted.*' ments or hereditaments} or by some annuity of>rcn^chprge ... issuing out of the said ground or foil so inclosed, or tfoeUff ortgr lands, tenements or hereditaments; or shall bepsid'm'trtonay, r to be placed out at interest on publick Securities, or (did out in

the purchase of lands, tenements or hereditaments^ of <e>(ii6Qe annuity or rent-charge issuing out of lands, tenementswrktfee-d'uaments; and the produce of such lands, tenements' W-how-ditaments, or such annuity or rent-charge, or the' ihtdabd of such money, until the same shall be laid out In such puoehafe 9$ aforesaid, shall be paid from time to time, to the overseetv-br overseer of the poor of the said oarish or township; and (half be by them or him applied towards the relief of the pooP^ the parish or township where such wades, woods or pafturts thfcU lie, and accounted for in such manner as the rates-for rdief of the poor are by law directed to be accounted for> wM-'hi-tafe the owner or owners of any such wades, woods dr padurts, /, and the major part in number and value of the owners msd'Oe-

V lW* and ^upiers of the tenements to which such right of eemrMOfr'doth tenants joht in belong, shall jointly agree to assign and grant their retpedhve affi)?ning their right "and intened in any part of the said wades} Woods OC pa-righuotin- ftures> for me purpose of making such inclosurosas afowfetd, omp/perfom, to any other person or persons, or body politick or' corporate j "'*'* .'and the owner or owners of such wades, woods and paths res, ^shall not have an estate in fee-simple therein, or shall Jbe-dif-

abled or redrained from alienating the same, the reebmpodee'to be paid to any such owner or owners, shall be either by h jgftnt of a share of the profit which shall from time to time wife from how recom- the sale of the timber or underwood growing on the ground >or perfects tube foil f0 inclosed, or by a grant of other lands, tenementd<»rbe-lonjVrfie* redi.aments, or of an annuity or rent-charge issuing out Of the have not the ground or foil so inclosed, or out of other latrdifofoMe-feefimple ments or hereditaments; such equivalent to be heid artd en-therein, or be joyed by the owner or owners of such wadoi, woods' arid; pa-disabled to shires, and such as shall be inthled to the samein reV«rfion(>re-'mainder or succession, io like manner as the estate'in' (bch

wades; woods or padures, i» limited to be held ahd<*ajoydd; and in case the inhabitants of any parish shall be

*1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. 5*

willing t$c»Jfqt»'trc such »i^t of: inclosure, fi»r th* «B^loymeiH aaiboobWi ofth* poor ioftth$i#idp«?flv or townftup*and any Part* triWiisg

toompenbe.shall be agreed (0 he given for theiatnc^ lit shall and to pwritefc asftybelawfal for the overseestor overfeors of the poor of such parish or township (by the consent and direction of the major eM vpaftoflhfiinhabitan*s theroaf, assembW at a vestry or publick poor. -meeting to be beW for thMputpose, publick notice being first gwenof such intended vestry or meeting, in the church or «baptil)hetoagtngto luchpa/ifh or township, on three Sundays,

*t; thedea|3b before such vestry or meeting shall be held) to pay or pqrcbafe such recompense! out of any monies arifingfrotn Ibew^raiMortobcraiicd, for the relief of the poor; and Recmpence ewt o^Bioh monies to pay from time.to time, such charges and andother i*xpfcnc«n3;, shall be necessary for inclosing and preferring such, gtounds so iocjofed; and such overseers or overseer shall from tte poomate,

n*ftrtO! time, apply the profit which shall arise from the side of itbc titnbtror underwood growing thereon, towardsthe reliefoftheand the - ipooi of the said pirifhor township; and shall account for the fits to bep-tfitmoiftlito manner as he and they is and are by law obliged to plied in aid cnccOwt for the rates collected for the relief of, the poor. thereof.

: o lULt, Provided always, That every agreement for any such in-clbfiire shall be in writing, and signed by the parties, and the iTametUtaU be registered and inrolled by the clerk of the peace Agreements t» for tho coupty, riding or division, where such wactes, woods or jP>'j*nd -. pafturesv-or the greater part of them shall lie, within three ^uhin three ntpnths next after the execution of such agreement. months,

i,; IY* Provided alfa, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be iflvrfu! to and for all persons or bodies politick or corporate,

wbO(think themselves injured or aggrieved by such agree- Persons agin tat, aer for any persons in their behalf, within six months grieved but next after, «iy such agreement shall be registered and inrolled in

(ions.

rtw*fcfY!

manner aforesaid, to make complaint thereof by appeal to the justicea of the peace at any quarter-sessions to be held for the famecowny, riding or division, who are hereby authorizedand - required to hear and determine such appeal, and whose determi-naaon therein shall be. final; ami if no such appeal shall be T" case there: made, then the said agreement so registered and mrotled as afore- ^er"emenu»..-laid*, shall be for ever binding to all persons whatsoever, without ftlud good.

: igny further'or other appeal.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bodies poli-. it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick or Cor- tjclc, #u*tdi-porate, whether aggregate or foie, and all feoffees in trail, ex- jj*"* tru'

: eevtors, administrators, guardians, committees or other trustees

whatsoever, for and an the behalf of any infants, femes covert, _gf«c to tich Innaticks, ideots or other persons whatsoever, and the husbands mclosure*. of femes-covert, who shall be seised, possessed of or interested — in, any such wafie, wood or pasture, or any right of common '

in such wactes, woods or pastures, to agree to any such incfo-sure; and.all such agreements k> made, shall bevaltd to all intents apd purposes; and such bodies politick or

jp$ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. - && fay$6i

focamtroft; executors, administrators, guardians, ^oriimfttebl and other trustees and husbands of femes cdvert, fhbfl We? rrt^ detnnified for what they shall so do by virtue of thisch f T - 1

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority orawing with- That if any person, from and after the time hereby Kmfterf 4oir Si such incio- bringing such appeal against any finch agreement for the mdo- ' lore* shall be fore of any part of such wactes, woods or pastures, either unlawfully by ^ay or night unlawfully cutj take, destroy, brr-akjlhfb^r Soyed/* down, bark, pluck up, bum, detace, spoil or can*y avTay, adiy trees growing within any such inclafare, without thecomcrf^of the owner or owners thereof, such owner or owner^ftiirhaVj^ such remedy, and have and receive such satisfa'6Hon ^nd^r^co^a^' pence of and from the inhabitants of the parishes, tcK^rtvfta^!-' lets, villages or places adjoining to such inclosofev and ri^over' Datmges tote such damages against the inhabitants of stich parWtei* t"eVd^ingy hamlets, villages or plaow adjoining, and in rt»e fanWn^W Wgf pariOies;form as is directed for dikes and hedges Overthrown by th^'fiPd'unless the of act made in the thirteenth* year of the feign of Kklg Eawkr^ifhfi fender be con. Fkft, unless the offender or offenders shall be cohrl^feed*

Cx monthsm °^ence ^fthtn the space of six months.next after th^ aoMhnfi^d* thereof. or: T -nj

Offences t« be

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority1'baforefi/1 ^lermined by That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two

r iheleffio'n*rP".of the countY>"ding, division, city, town, litfcrty

wherein any such offence shall he committed, or for thejuftfcesi 1 of the peace for such county, riding, division, city, or place, in open sessions, upon complaint to them imde; tecailHe every such offender to be apprended for such trespast, and tb hei? Penalty on and determine the same, and to inflilt the like penally and pit- r wGr n*Vttlertt on offender by them convicted, as istfhfe&ecf* 6Gfp.i.c.i6, h>he mflifled on offenders by an act made in the fiaifcft yc

the reign of his late majesty King George the Fh*ft, 1'infitiited^7 An act to explain and amend an at? passed in the first year of hft JHb- i jtflfs reign, intituled', An act to encourage the planting OftihiJ-^ber trees, fruit trees, and other trees for ornament, foehett^o^i1 lit; and for the better preservation of the same; bnd*'fok'4ffev preventing the burning of woods; and for the better preservation of the fences of such woods, and persons

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority u nlawfully That if any person from and after the nrft day of Jetty dn^ltodti-cutting or de- f*nd seven hundred and fifty iix, shall unlawfully Cut, take* de*

OT°commona. ftr°y» break> throw down> bark> P, uck UP> bu, defage^ fcaiL

ble grounds, ?r parry away any tree growing in any waste, woojJ dr plfthfcf to be in like in which any person or persons, or body or bodies politick oi\ corPorate> hath.or have right of common, every such offender Sfeed.PUanc* may ben manner convicted of such'dfftn^'ah^ shall incurthelike penalty. x vw r\'

Doubt anting jX.

And where'is by an a SI made in the ninth year of lit fiitft cf\ ?*. i 7, Ms late majesty King George the First intituled, Ana^fcr iriated,more effectual punishing wicked and evil dilpbfed

"175^1 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. sf. fa

atm*d in di % uifc, and doing injnrie? and violence to the pavfom. wi properties of his Majesty's subjects, and for the more eafa bringing offenders to just fee* it h amongst other thing* wacted,

That the inhabitant* of every hundred within that part of Qfat Britain soiled England, shall make full failsfaction and amends fa all and every persan and per fens* their executors and adminif ratersy far the damages fbey shall have fufiamed or fufftred by the cutting down or destroying any trees which shall be dene or committed by any offender or offenders agairtd the said to be recovered in mamten as by the act is directea: and whereas doubts have arisen tube* tier the prmifm made by the said act made in the ninth year of the reign of Ms said late Majesty, has not repealed and annulled the rtn enedy given by the said acts of the first and sixth years of the reign of his said late Majesty: for obviating the said doubt \ be it en a&ai by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first d rem«(W day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, it shall for damages and may be lawful for any person, or body politick or cor^ mentioned in porat^to take remedy for the before mentioned damages cither the said clause, against the parish, town, hamlet, will or place, where any of the "cording to fold offences shall be committed, according to the powers givea the a6h of by the said acts of the first or sixth years of his said late Majesty'fci Geo. i.c.s.fe reign, prjpn the hundred wherein any.of the said offences shall 6Gco.i.c.rf* be committed, as to such person, or body politick or corporate

shall seem moil meet) any thing in the said act made in th* nvnth year of the reign of his late Majesty to the contrary not*-, withstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

That if any action shall be brought against any person for any matter or thing done by virtue or in execution of this act, the defendant or defendants in every such action shall and may plead General Issue. the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, on any trial to be had in such action; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue such action or bceom* nonsuit, or if judgment shall be given against fitch plaintiff, then the defendant or defendants, in every fitch action, shall recover; Treble cofti. treble costs of fuk.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for regulating the proceedings in per fond actions in the courts baron of the manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall in tb$

-bounty of York.

WHEREAS the liberty or district of Hallamshire in the county of York is a large district, extending itself over the town and parish of Sheffield, and several other towns and parishes in the said county of York; and the most noble Edward duke of Norfolk, hereditary earl marshal of England, claimeth a franchise there, and to have the execution and return of all writs within the same, as being seised of the said liberty to him and the heirs male of his body, with remainder to his nephew Thomas Howard of Norfolk esquire,

*4d tf (he heirs male of the body of the honourable Philip Howard,

j£l Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. [1756.

esquire, kis late father* deceafed, wkb.divers remahnkryover^ afidtbt fad Edward duke af Norfolk: is fifed to him and uhe heirs male of hh body*with hie remainders, of and in thefnd uMcnefS \dtBaiJ4 and ibe jurisdiction of the court baron belonging to\ tht.said w&terof Sheffield, which has been ttfuclly held every three wtcbsfz<mJhmini?* memorial* extends over all the parte of\tho find liberty, except ever, the hamlet or byerlow if Ecclesall landwbe&as the mofiho/wur^ig Charles marquis of Rockingham, and Mary marebioness of Rockingham his wife, in the right of thit said marchioness Webtir frk-fiees % are seised for some efiale of freehold or inbeHtpniCfif. the manor of Ecclesall; and the jurisdiction of thecc^i dmonfig-knging to the said manor of Ecclesall, wh'unhas afobgenigfeudly held every three weeks from like time immemorial^ extends We said

hamlet or byerlow of Ecclesall, which is contiguous,

4/* Sheffield) and is within the said liberty of

whereas from time immemorial plea has been held in the food Javeml courts baron in all personal actions arising within the afbhtfhifffeip*'ral juris dictions, where the debt or damages have beenfindff^f^ty shillings: and whereas a great manufactory of cutlery anfidfierjfafd ware is now, and has been for some time carried on in the fimidneur, of Sheffield and the liberty of Hallamshire, whereby, ahd*bythe1 late increase of trade in the said town, and other parts of \ ffe ffii, liberty or difriCl of Hallamshire, the number of merchant^ fifafes^. and artificers there is very great) and the said town and dfihct are burning daily more populous: and whereas, although jufiko hath fbfi many years been administered in the said several courts htfdn in; most frill and impartial manner, yet the method of compelfingJebt^ art and other persons to appear to the actions which are commenced *, the said courts baron, is in both the said courts by funrmons and fiefs infinite; which is a very dilatory, and often a very, ineffectt/nf method for that endand by reason thereof and also by renfiti afthe expence which attends the prosecution of causes to judgment in the find courts, and often afterwards, when such causes are removed up to fbme superior court, bonefl creditors are many times difeourdged front attempting to recover the debts due to them, and thereby matn.epf-4iff} pqfed persons, who have contracted small debts within the find liberty, are encouraged (though able) to rtfufe or delay the payment thereof and do often fit their creditors at defiance; therefore the inhabitdntr iff the said'places which so lie within the Jurisdiction of the said fi-\ y veral courts baron have applied to the said Edward duke, of Norfiwfc, and Charges marquess of Rockingham, for their cemfent to some proper method for regulating the proceedings in, and amendiifg 'tht defects which Jo respectively attend the several jurisiiClionjof^tfieif. said several courts baron> and for preventing all unnecej/ay, delays, and expences in the said proceedings, and for tin providing from+ mong the several suitors of the Jatd several courts baron} fit, aMk± dferect and indifferent homagors or jurors to try all ijfucs.which /hau fiand far trial m any plaint, suit or action to be depending i^dhg said several courts, and the like fit, able, discreet and indifferent homagers or jurdrt for the finding of inquests and the taking f triqufuoni fipw protejfey which may issue out ofx or on any osier r* .....*' may

1756] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. 0- 37*

aray bnbad'in the fend fecetalemr/s, in natnreef writs

atdryof danages-at the common law; which Edward dube of

Norfisfc, jWOurles marpufs of Rockingham, readily con* finted to, ft far as the same can be done without or -

gativgftm the jurisiittims of the said.fevered courts baron, or pre-

judicing the same: wherefore may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, or.

On plaint or suit entered for a debt or damage, not amounting to 40s# implication to be made to the steward of the court, to summon the defendant. Steward to issue his precept to the bailiff, who is to execute the same; avid the defendant not appearing thereto, plaintiff may enter a common appearance, and proceed thereon. On iffne joined, matter thepe-to he -tried by the suitors summonod. Defendant suffering an interior cptory judgment, and process of inquiry issuing thereupon, the suitors of the court tp take the inquisition; steward upon application to summon ihkneffc*!'wttb are required to attend, and give evidence upon oath $ witnesses not attending, or refuting to give evidence, may be amerced by the Reward j to be affeered by the suitors, and applied to the injured party, and Jord of the manor; and to be levied by distress and sale. Foraot. of distress, Offender to be committed. Defendant pleading otherwise thai\ the general iflbe, and court declaring the same to be merely dilatory, plaintiff may firn judgment for want of plea; or if after appearance en-Used. sand declaration made, defendant shall not plead thereto, plaintiff may figo Judgment by default; and a jury thereupon shall be summoned to aflfelIs the damages and costs.^PTaintiff not declaring upon the'defendant* appearing, or not proceeding to trial, or being nonsuited, See. Court to aWani defendant costs: plaintiff may notwithstanding renew hie suit*' Ten day* notice of trial to be given, and copy to be left with the steward*, Plaintiff not being refiant, is to bring before the steward some housholdec refilling within the jurisdiction to enter into recognizance to prosecute with effect, &c. Plaintiff not procuring such recognizance, steward may fbrbtar granting precept agamftdefendant. If proceedings shall he had oh-fuqh fv»U, without recognizance being first entered into, the suit to he dtf» continued, and plaintiff disabled to renew the same, till costs be paid. Recognizance to be entered on a double penny stamp. Defendants may pay the money into court, and plead the general issue. Upon issue joined and' notice ot trkd, steward to issue precepts for summoning a fury of 44, JurcfI uames to be wrote on distinct pieces of paper, and rolled up sal put into a vessel, and i % of those present to be drawn, who are to be t\\p. jury, &c. Juror who has served fix times in the same year, to be discharged upon his request from future service for that year. Precepts for summoning jurors to be issued five days before the fitting of the court. Jury to be continued during the fitting of the court. The names and proper ad- oitiou of the jurors to be entered in the precepts. Where 12 of the jifc-fors Hull not appear, inquests may be taken by any 12 suitors. Steward of the £ourt may amerce jurors for not attending. Amerciament to be' afivered, and levied by distress and sale, and to be applied for the use of the lord of the manor. Proceedings or judgments the court not re» moveable, but to be final; (plaints in replevin excepted)All persons jre-ffant within the jurisdiction may plead and be impleaded. Jurisdiction of the courts not extended by this act. Jurisdiction of the lords of the manors not prejudiced by this act. Proceeding of the court in real actiont not altered by this act. Person attached paying the debt and fees, to be discharged. Execution not iftuable on default of appearance of defendant, unless notice be given him of declaration. Persons affronting Or disturbing the court while fitting, to be taken into custody 5 and may be fined, and committed for non-payment. Persons obstructing officer of the court in tfae executiojr of his office, to be fined. Fine to be affeered, and levied by distress and sale.^Offender not being a houftiolder within, the jiu rifdiction, may be committed on non-payment. None allowed to prafti(et U thetourtr, but such as ire admitted attorfiies or soliciters of the courts'

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. C.^ij g6.

IfolfoiSfttter. Stewards to HoM their office at the plitefttre of their lord, lo -cases of vacancy utter barriter of three jwti* Jbtiding to bt appointed

to the office of fie ward. Stewards totake anpath tfpmce* 3tewac4lL majr appoint deputies. Declaration to be tnadein court of deputy's flame, See. bwore hi* appointment. Lord of the manor to sign his approbation Deputy to take an oath of office. In cases of vacancy deputy. ro.acte till a fte* steward is appointed. Steward or offic^ipOf the couftA^MIg ftifdy may plead the general ifiufc, and have treble coflts. When? a«y acHoo shall be brought in any other court, for a debt recoverable in the courts baron, plaintiff to be nonsuited, and defendant to recover treble costs, uo-less the judge certify there was a probable cause for such a£ion>&c, PUia-- tiff may afterwards sue in the court baron.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act to enable the commissioners for building a bridge

Ibe river of Thames, from the city of Westminster

opposite fbore in the county of Surry, to purebafebatfh and grounds, and To widen the and wdkemorf. fast and commodious the streets, avenues and passages leadimgffom*Charing Cross to The two hoofes of parliament, Westminster Hall, and the courts of justice there, and Westminster Bridge i and to enable a left number of commissroH-trs to execute the several aMrelating ta the jkid-briifce, than at present are required by Jaw-, and fm^rtbtf of George and James Kifig, with regard Jo aHttfexMkat by their late father from the commissumers.

WHEREAS umnaffioners for building a bridge the river Thames, from toe Woelstaple, or rhereOb/tutf, in tke farfb of Saint Margaret in thedtgof Westownfte^, »ifpofite

Shore in the county of Surry, are by virtue of fixWer-ct&s of parliament passed in the reign of his present erlfamftue of

same or one of them, impowered to open, design, affigtt-md lay out such new ways, Jlroets and passages, as they shall be opened and made on each side the river Thames, to and frtmjhe said bridge, the courts ofjujltce, both houses of parliament, and the

parts adjacent, and to agree for andpur such hoofes and grounds -as they shall find necessary for them to be m&ved, rebuilt, pulled down, or employed for those pUtpoJes, f cud-prized within certain bounds and limits particu

jeribed in the said respective alls, or some or one of them: and whereas the ways, streets, avenues and passages leading from Chari ag.Cross in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the yWeff-minlter in the county of Middlesex, to The two houses 6f parliament, Westminster Hall, and the courts of justice there, asset Westminster Bridge, might be rendered more open, fast and for the ease of passengersand the publick benefit, than they are at pry-fen t, in case the said commissioners were enabled to open and widest thy said left mentioned ways, streets, avenues and passages, and to purchase, pull down and remove such buildings, houfts, grounds and -efidtes (net comprized within the bounds or'of the said former alls of parliament) 'as they/hotud think proper

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 39.

and nectary for thtft purpofn: wherefore for promoting adafini so use£«J and beneficial to the publick; may it please yonr most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, f5V.

Chrnmiffiowers impowered to widen the streets, See. leading from Charing v Crosso the two hobfei of parliament, See. Commissioners may agre* with tfttf ototters buildings fot the ptrfchafe of any grounds Within the Jfrhfts Itefleitt iddtribed,s they {halt tliinh necessary to be removed, Uc. X>rtm9RloWtrs to obfrrVe all such rules and dirc&iops in order for purchasing the several buildings, &c. as by any former acts passed in his present Majesty's reign, they are enabled to use and observe. All the powers mentioned in the former acts relating to the of purchasing homes, Sec, to be in force. His Majesty may convey buildings, Stc, to tb# of CommifJkmers may fell any piece ot ground. Act 18 Geo,

*r c, % ^\tn be^Ln force, relating to the preserving ot ways, Sec. intended to be widened by this a ft. ip, ooool. to be paid to the commissioners for 'pWcWihfg of hoUfe* for widening the streets, Sec. leading frotn Charing Cro£»rrothes two hoefes of parliament, &c. Commissioners to lay an account of the application of the io, ooooi. &c. before both houics of par-IUu?eik. In all Cases where seven of are impowered to put the former in execution, the same may be done by any five. Control flioners to accept a surrender of a building tease made by Janfcs King* itt 1741, aild to difdhtrge James and George King from the lame.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for explaining, amending and fual an afi made in fbe twenty second year of Mojefifs reign, intituled An act for making a free market for the sale of fish in the city of Westminster, and for preventing the fore flailing and monopolizing of fish; and for allowing the sale of fish under the dimensions mentioned in aclause contained in an act of the first year of his late Majesty's reign, in case thefeme are taken with'a hook.

i

WHEREAS ? made in the twenty second year of his n Geo^. c. 4^ Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making a free market for the sale of fish in the city of Westm'mjler; and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of fish; and for allowing the sale of fish under the dimensions mentioned in a clause contained in an act of the first year of his late Majesty's reign, in case the same are taken with a hook; it is amongst other things therein enabled. That of any ffoerman or other person or persons ipkatsoever natives or foreigners, should keep any fish at Queenborough, Gravesend, or other pine or places, in any well-boat, fore-boat, or any other manner whatsoever, Jo as not to fell off their whole cargo of fifo within the space of eight days from their arrival on the JBritish coafi, between North Yarmouth and Dover, after their first arrival at the respective place or places as aforesaid, every person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted by the confcffon of the party, or the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, should for rjery such offence forfeit the whole car* oof fish belonging to him, and also the vejffd, with her tackle, apparel and furniture, to h( levied, by if refs and sale by warrant under the hand ffftdjeal off any ope or moreoffhis Majestyfs justices of the peace for the

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. [1255.

nfrtQiw cumtfitwbtrt the egaue.

rout or warrants the said Jujlke and justices wssutnd Htprniy ». impowered and required to make* upon the ufirmnfy*.em

or more credible witness or witt^ejjes (wfiich oath the justices was and were thereby impowered and required

and that the produce thereof Should go and be applied* enenuiefiLJfi-Xbu^ use and benefit of the informer or informers* and ihe vptt U*

the poor of the parish where the offence Should be emrajfaqd^ jbmi whereas many difficulties have arose in putting the fiid^ tien, which have hitherto not only obstructed the efiabl\Jhmeqtfffi^tbq: said free market at Westminster, but bath renderedjueffe&Qal tie other good purposes of the said act, and more particularly ike pqqg WMt*.ing the foreflaUing and monopolizing of fish in general: as the said limited time of eight days for felling off the vrf&k 'ffVi: of fish, as in the said all mentioned\ is found too Short*4&'&ffidt*i ration of the great dislatue between North Yarmouth mt4 and the said towns of Queenborough and Gravpfend* pqhtrppbe said fore-boats and well-boats Jo usually he to receive the fishing ships* as it may often happen* that from tb*eqmmnPf1f'* cidents of wind and weather so much of the fud time ing bi jfa& from the time of their Jufi arrival, before the said vt wards arrive at the said places fir unloading their feidiargmq the said Jiorerboats or well-boats, and for side thereof \ thqtjp& fishermen may unavoidably incur the penally its the said act - ,

for not felling off their whole cargoes within that time* and fit 4^ the fishermen and others employed in the lobster fishing or lebftqf

do require an enlargement of the time fir felling off their-iSargm^ after their arrival in the said river of Thames* the said timUqd -time of eight days not being sufficient for that purpefe: and tsJnraasfir the rendering more effectual the good ends and purposes of the said oft* it is necessary that a proper officer be appointed to; inspeH and Jimob the said fishing veffils, and the said Jiore-boats and well-beats* 9fefi, the bitter discovery of such per fins who shall make default in fiUhg off -their cargoes within the times limited fir that purpose, as it maym also very difficulty from the great extent of the said limUsappeimtid. fir the first arrival between North Yarmouth and Dover* Hjtfiem: tain such arrival, so as duly to bring the offenders therein to without a continual inspection: and whereas it is alfi necessrtyfar A*'purposes aforesaid to impower the several mayors of Queeoborwgk» and Gravesend, and any other personss ailing as justices+who emmet* bon of the said corporations, and any other his Majestfsysefiites of dr. peace between the said towns and the cities of London and 7

fter, to asias justices in levying the penalties in the faed^Q* mrmte/L as such justices of the peace for the respective county where ik+effrwc* is committed: and whereas by the said recited act it is enabled* Tier the several kinds of fish therein particularly named and; mentioned*. mbp be expofid to file or exchanged fir other goods, providedftuhtfish^am" taken with a hook, and so not fit or capable of being preferred uSm* although the said fish Should be under the dimeufibns prefir ilmdby mm it* P*JF*tn tf* filin $f h*5 kte majesty, mtktded*jk$mt dm tea* fiflvtalw by tatofl ithfhnaA.

i7S&3 > Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. <J. 29'- $f$»

into Ais, R9#igdOtn; Snd fat the prfcfervation of the try of firtf % and for thriving leave to import lobsters and turbet in foreign T bottoms;Otl for the better pfeftrving of salmon within feveraf rivfers in that part of this kingdom called England; in the faii recited dStWentioned; which liberty was so allowed, that the market might be the more pkntifutty /applied with such forts tf fifl>, and that the pubftek might be served theretbith at more reasonable rates: and Whereat fitc# liberty hath not been attended tenth such good effects as was expefsect, for that the markets being supplied with such smaller ftjby doth tnhahee the price of the largest forty and under colour of the said reeked ait under sited fish are fold, though not taken with a hooky whith Ihtiy fHtd greatly to the dtjlrttftion of the fry of fishy and confe-faintly the said fishery in general for such kinds of pjh \ and that it ufiU be more for the benefit and forvue of the publick to revive the -fetid riffTdint' for the preservation of the fry and smaller fort of fmb fifiyv ditd dot to permit the sale or exchange of such several kindi of fish fp hatched with a boot under the dimenfwis in the said lafi re-eitid aft mentioned: and whereas for such several purposes, as well at for othei's herein after mentioned, it ts become necessary to explain and extend the said ail; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prdent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any fisherman or any other person or persons whatsoe- Penalty °* vtf, matter or owner of any fishing ship, (loop, smack or fishing

vessel coming from sea, or other person having the conduct of fuclt the luppiy of fiftvtng (htp, floop, smack or fishing vessel, natives or foreigners, London and employed either in catching, bringing or vending of fish for the Welt minder supply of the cities of London and Westminster, shall break bulk or leaking bulk, make sale of their fish, or any part thereof, between Harwich and the or vending # N#t, or between Margate and the Norey to any person or per- their fish, be-fdns t» fell again, or shall not enter their ship, (loop, smack or^c their brother fishing vessel, at such place or places, and within such time, or not as. herein after mentioned, or shall keep any (hell fish or other ente/ing their fish whatsoever in such their ship, floop, smack or other their arrival, or not fishing veffd or vessels] or in any well-boat or store-boar, after fel*, nS such their arrival, so as not to fell off their whole cargo of fish*u m within the space of eight days, to be reckoned from the day of } 4 such their arrival at the Nore as aforesaid, and thereof shall be convicted before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the counties of Kent or Essex, or before the mayor; recorder or such aldermen for the time being, who have power' to act as justices of the peace within the corporations of Sfyeen* borough or Oravtfendy on his, her or their own confession ofcon-sessions in writing under his, her or their hand or hands, or on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which*conridtion shall be final #bd without any appea! whatsoever, foefa shipv (loop, (mack or fishing veflM, boat, store-boar, of other boat kilty which th» bid fish, or any part thereof, shall beT wkh all 4Wktet-apft&itof and Aifflittiffe to-v.^ol. XXL Li the

; 5t'4

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. & <^jp.

the fan^e belonging, together wnh; the.wtolc cargo &h«

shall be forfeited by the owners thereof, $nd difppfe*! PJ a* hpre-Penalty, bow qfter mentioned j such forfeitures to be levied by to be levied, by warrant under the hand and seal of any pne'or qaor^of his Majesty's judjees of the peace within the fai<J <c9U0tW; Pj^ or Essex, or of the said mayor, recorder or aJdeFflien flAing for the time being as magistrates within thp towns off ^nd Gravesend, or such mayor, rec9rder 9r alderiqwa ipy^ker Corporate town between the said townp ojf Pd

Qravefend and the city of fVfiminster as aforesaid j ^feic^Wax; -rant or warrants the said justice or jujQtices, mayor?, recpr$J$ni of aldermen, is and are hereby impowered and requiypdf t % alike and issue accordingly, and to be directed to the nigh OwAabif, petty copdable, headborough or tithingman of either Pi&? IW towns of S^ueenborough or Gravesend, or any other tpwps said near unto where any such offences shall be 4*r

where such ship, floop, smack or fishing vessel, boat, pr other boat mail then be, to take and seize the fa*n*, Application and dispose thereof within fourteen days accordingly jand, one thereof. moiety or half part of the produce of such ftle, aftpr rt^fgg^jc charges deduced, shall go and bp paid to the i>formpr.prin£ifi|i* frs, as the said judices shall appoint, and the otl^erra^io the trustees appointed to put the said recited and this px; cfo}^in execution, to be placed by them, or any five pc mPf$ Qct&jpt, or their order, to the general account of fprplu? of rising from the fish market, in the said recited a<$ and to be appropriated as the said surplus Jp thfl, faulisdt-rested; any thing in the said contained tq she cpfltrary,*-withstanding. - /i«

i* days allow-

II. Provided nevertheless, That in ca($ ^ny fych,

d for the sale f»l is freighted of loaded with lobders, or whose of lobders. may ma(]e Up with Ipbfters, and the fish^maen son or perfops whatsoever, natives or foreigners, owners of such lobders or haye the power to the same, shall fell off her whole c^rgo of such Jpbflfcf^'i twelve days after tfye arrival of (ych vessel. at the pl^ce m herein before appointed for that pufpofaan4 may, <#hc$j

: conform to the direuftions of th? fyd recited, anjl thUpr^n^ then and in such case the fa^ of t^fi whole cargo

shall be and is hereby declared |o be a* good^£u r -

such sale had been completed and made wuhm the 4aidffnnuaed time of eight days before mentioned. M, ^L

Fishing vesselt'H1- Provided also «eyertheless. That U Ml a^/wag.-b*

may remove lawful to and for every such fishermaa or other Mrtftn^r ner* th.tr cargoes fons whatsoever, roller or owner of any fishing WWh JmjtcjTor fishing vessel coming from leg, and to end fpt weqy Qtlwmftr-I4or., (b as not £»or Per£°n.s having ths; conduit of ?ny fucbfiOfipg flfip, flaop, to make fete smack or fishing veflfl as ^for?liud, and tfipy flra^itrphy wuxwr-t hereof. pred at any time and times, and as often 0isdf.Kp.br

xequire, during their respebiiye voyages at fist, mriyal at the Nire, to fijiff and «mwv/e

13

rW-goes

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. $gf 51$

' joe* of fish into any other ship, /loop, smack, vessel or vessels.

1 furttheeafe of their wells, the preservation of their fish, and.

the better separating such as are dead, drppt or sickly, from those which are found and healthy; so that no part of such car-; cp of fish be sold or disposed of, until their arrival at or above the Nort as aforesaid; any thing' herein before contained to the J contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also nevertheless, That it shall and may bepctcr boafs

lawful tq and for any fisherman or owner of any peter-boat, or &c. employed 1 Other small fishingveflel used and employed for serving and sup- for serving

s plying the inhabitants of any city, town or village, or thetowns»*c*

neighbourhood thereof, on or near the banks of the said river, of the river*; between the mouth of the said river and the said towns of mxy disposeaf 1 QuienbvroUgb qr Gravesend, to sell or dispose of their fish in such their fish at

manner as hath been heretofore used, in case such boats or fish* heretotorc. f ing vessels are only used and employed for the consumption of

1 fqch fish within such city, towns or villages, and the inhabitants thereof, or of the neighbourhood thereof.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Trustees to t TFhat the trustees for putting the said former and this presentappoint in-aft in execution, or any nine or more of them, shall and may, speftorsoftha 1 by writing under their hands and seals, appoint one or more fit^S '<^1$. i person or persons, to be called The inspe^or^ or Inspectors of tht fishing \jefiels, to inspect and search all and every fishing vessel and vefleis, well-boat or ttore-boat, well-hoats or store-boats,

Belonging to any fisherman, or other person or persons whatsoever, natives or foreigners, at any time after the arrival of any 1 j&shing vessel at the Nore, or in any part of the river Thames between the Wore and pillinfgau Dock, to examine and take accounty as well of the arrival of such vessel or vessels within the'f*

; said limits, as of the time of felling the whole cargoe of fish,

I brought in such vessel, and of the breaking bulk, and unload- N

] inguich vessel, and (hitting the cargo, or any part thereof, into j such well-boars or store-boats, and of the delivery or felling off i facji cargo, in such manner as directed by the said recited or; this present act; and remove such officer or officers at their: pleasure; which inspector or inspectors, when so appointed, is j and afe hereby authorized and impowered to enter into, inspect Inspector's, and examine such fishing vefleis, well-boats and flore-boats ac-p"^c*n<i ( cqrdingly; and all and every such person or persons on board p w the said vessels are hereby required to give to the said inspector such account thereof, according to the best of their knowledge; l and in case any person or persons, being the matter, owner or j owners of such vessel or vefleis, or their cargo, or any of their m

1 agents or servants, or other person or persons there found as board not givl aforesaid, shall refuse to give such account, or shall molest, ob- ing him the j strust, or otherwise hinder such inspector or inspectors in the informal*

1 execution of his or their find office, or prevent or endeavour to prevent any person or persons on board such vessel or vefleis, him mbifof-boat or boats, from giving such account as aforesaid, every such fa*, person lb offtmsing, being thereof lawfully convicted before obe

Liz

5i($ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 39.

or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, as \tt act particularly described as aforesaid, by the confession of the'party, or on the oath of one or more credible witness or Wtmdfes, shall for every such offence1, forfeit and pay the sum ciTten pounds, to be recovered and applied, in the same manrief as the other penalties in this act. u 1;

VI. And for the support and maintenance of such needfarr officer or officers, whereby the good purposes of the said recited and this present a<S may be effected, and the forestalling and monopolizing of fish in general prevented, and to defray such charges as may attend the execution of his or their bftice, ts hereafter mentioned; be it enacted by the authority1 aforesaid, «s to he paid That from and after the twenty fourth day of June '6fic thoc-Jotl^K, nS 8 sand seven hundred and fifty six, there shall bfc paid to M£Ms-eve^ fishing je^y's searcher or searchers at Gravesend> for the certificate cfiFtfie vessel, on cer- entry of the arrival of any such filning ship, (loop, ' fmsftfcV'cr tifying their other vessel or vessels as aforesaid, the sum of two IMIfinig, to arrival at be paid ancj applied in manner following, that is tef flay, ' There 6di, athereof to kept an(1 reta^necJ ty a°d f0 the use of thf£ fern searcher

go to the or searchers, for making out such certificate, fix perttei. and searcher for the remaining one shilling and six pence is hereby vested irf the his, certl^ate^said trustees, and shall be paid by such searcher or searchers, from the trustees° t, me to t*me> to t^e trustees, or such other person or persons, as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, foali by writing for that purpose, under their hands and seals, drrefi and appoint, whose receipt shall be, and is hereby declared to be^ at all times, a full discharge to such searcher or feardhers for the same, which said payment of one shilling and six pence on each to be applied fishing vessel as aforesaid, shall be applied by the said tfosteer, for charges of or any five of them, in the first place, to pay such itifpedfor cr a boat, and inspectors of the fishing vessels for his or their said fertice, and speSor 5 forhe charges of a boat, such yearly sum as the said thfcffees,

or ahy nine of them, shall think it fit' and reasonable for fuel and the fur- service; and if any surplus arises, over and above, then tB ap-Sutie^are6 Pty furP^us in the same manner as the surplus arifih'gfrpm directed^ the tolls and duties of the said recited act are directed to p., plied.

Matter to give

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, h notice within order the better to discover any offenders against this act, Tfra ldsCvessers ^ie ma^er» owner> chief officer or mariner, who (half havetht arrival at^he care or con^lI<^ of any such fishing ship, (loop, fmacK, ot1 6thr Nore, to the vessel or vessels, made use of for the catching or importiri|' ct /earcher at fish as aforesaid, shall within three days after thfe arrival of such Grave fend j fishing ship, (loop, smack, or other vessel or vessels at the Mere

aforesaid, truly report the time of such arrival to his Majesty1?

said searcher or searchers, at their Office at Gravesend, or to rht, chief officer of his Majesty's customs there, who is hereby dr-Entry to be reded and required to take notice of, and entefr the famt in i made thereof, book to be kept for that purpose, and to give a certificate there-and a certift. of to such ma(jer5 owner, chief officer or mariner, betongiifjg ro*c^ven. the said fishing ship, (loop, smack, or other veffrf/'; ? '

17 5^1 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 37. 5^7

VIII. And the better to prevent the removal of the said fishing vessels and cargoes out of the limits of the county, city and liberty* or town corporate* where the offence shall be committed, before such distress can be made, whereby the effect of such convictions as aforesaid may be defeated; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, TW it shall and may be lawful to and Warrant of for the high constable, petty constable, headborough or tything- distress may man, of ^veenborough, Gravesend, or any other towns being cor- be executed in porations, or of any county, city or liberty, to whom such war- river* rant of distress shall be directed, to execute the same in any Medway#or part of the river Medway or river Thames, or any creek or wa- Thames, See. ter thereof between the Nore and the city of Westminster; and that, Arch warrant or warrants, or other act or acts of the said mayors^ recorders, aldermen* of such justice or justices of the peace, «wd the act or acts of the constable, headborough, ty-thi ragman, or other person or persons, in obedience to such warrant or warrants, shall be as valid, good and effectual in law, to ati; intents and purposes, as if the same were executed within the proper limits of their own town, liberty, precind or ju-riCdiCiion.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, <1. penalty bit That if any fisherman, fishmonger, or other person or persons fclhngorex-shall fell, or expose to sale, in any house, (hop, (tall or stand- any fiVwithih injg> any fish of any kind whatsoever, within five hundred yards 50o yards of of the said free fish market, appointed to be held in the city of the h(h mar-Westminster % or the bounds or limits of such ground as hath been J^ct* w*thouta appointed or assigned by or by virtue of the said recited act for llccncc* holding the same, without the licence and content of the said trustees appointed or to be appointed to put the said recited and this present act in execution, or any five or more of them, in writing under their hands and teals first had and obtained for that purpose, such fisherman, fishmonger, or other person or persons, shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds; to be paid on the conviction of such offender, before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said city and liberty of Westminster, on the confession of the party, or on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses who shall prove the same, and this without further ap- Justice may peal, with power nevertheless to fiiyh justice or justices of mi- miftgatetlw^ tigating the fomej and on refillingpayment on such convi<ftion, pena* then Arch justice or justices, or any other of his Majesty's justices of the peace, shall and may grant their warrant of distress, so levy the same upon such offenders goods and chattels, and divide theftim wherein such offender shall so stand convicted, as follows; to wit, one half to the informer, and the other half Application of tn the trustees appointed in and by the said recited act, to be the penalty, applied to the same use as the surplus monies arising by the profits of the market are in and by the said recited act directed to Repaid and applied.

X. And, whereas the., said trustees, for the greater accommodation R^hjnirt?' $f the inhabiipQto of Westminster in resorting to the said ftjh mar- condHiaroft*

/ 11 i 7 L 1 3 lity a building

i Sr Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

UaCc grftttt«d kefy bat# granted a ieaft to Richard Hughey, tfpattif the\affigeeei

to Richard ground for bolding the said fifty market^wherein the fkidJfoc&afd

u£ C8# Hughes hath built tight houses i with Conuenitneies fit for fifftkmig m;

to foil fish by retail: and whereas the said Richard tirighes ds^re* framed by the said leafs from letting tire said houses to oty other than fishmongersy whereby several of the houses areuninhabitedfand grtat loft hath accrued to the said Richard Hughes thereby, etitftftiiljhf* ther loss may accrue to the said Richard Hughes, in taft he fbaUU obliged ftritlly to comply thetetiith; and even such fftmongtrs who may settle there are in danger of incurring the penalties Mgcinft rt^ gratorsy Should they expose to file again in their shops, dnyftffr bought by them at or in the Jjetutfree fish market; be it enacted by ^tho au-Trustees may thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the fad diipenfe with trustees, or any nine of them, by any writing underth^n hands the said re- and f€a]s for that purpose, as they may fee occiikm^tQ'dHpcofc refoe& to^the restraint, and to defeazance the covenantof*W iatf

two end Richard Hughes in that respect, so far as it respectsip vwoend

houses. houses of the said eight houses; the dause in ehd firid ceeiftd

ad, whereby the commissioners for building a new bridge craft the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard in the city >*f, Westminster, to the oppoiite shore in the county of Surry^am author rized and impowered to grant the ground therein tnefcitaoned* to be made use of for holding the intended marker ift-the said act mentioned, or any other dause in the £tod irqritfid. Fishmongert ad notwithstanding; and that it shall and may be lawful to and indemnified f0r act, fishmongers holding (hops for the (aloof fish in aay o# their nlopsfish right houses, to fell and expose to falc any fish whatever in bought in the their said (hops, although they shall have bought the same in market. the said free fish market at Westminster..n;

XL. And whereas William Hanmgton fishmonger bathl on*anftJerable expend* purchased and fitted up for the carrying m bit trade and bufinefty a certain messuage or tenement finest* ftrBjidge Street in the city of Westminder* and within the distanre offive hundred yards from the said free fifty market, and witi hr m great fitfferer if he Should he refrained from carrying on and txereifioghe Trustee? to said trade and buftnest in the said house, without receiving mpropef fla^t'*am rciom Pence afJd satisfaction for such damages and exponces as. he may looTnHieu thereby fufiain and he put unto; be it further Graded by thft ad* of damages thority aforesaid, That the said trustees, or any five oraond for being re- them, shall be* and are hereby authorized, directed and ian* (tirinnefish°n Powere^> to pay to the said IVMiam Haningtorty hit executors withm a ctr- or administrators, before Michaelmas Day next* the sum of two tain distance hundred pounds, being a proper recompence and satisfactGD of ti*e mar- for the loss, damages and expences, he may Attainor be put no*ct* to as aforesaid.

Hirtm^ron

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, exempted That the said William Hanington shall not be fuhfeder liable from penalty unto any the penalties or forfeitures inflicted by thaa ack oix such near thegmar- Person an^ persons as shall fell, or expose to dale* in anyhouse, kejajiplbr houses, (hops, (tails or (landings, any kind of ftfbvihatsoever,

r i <; i'Jifi viuijti atkhia

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. $9.

within fiVc hundred yards of the said free fHh market, until?kbrpaid Atfuhaelmdt Hay next, and until fuah time as thefoid sum of twe him* hundred pounds shall be.paid hnte him as is herein directed to be paid as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary \ thereof, fit any Wife fKrtwithstanding.

XIII. And stobereas the fotd trustees appointed by the said recited a£J wan impowered end cmthorkccdby the said atf> to assign ovtr the tells and duties made payable thereby^ as e security for such sum or sums of money i as the said trustees might have occasion to borrow to discharge the expends of laying out, making and erecting a cmtnoii- out plate forth* said markeU and other necessary expemes that Should attend the execution of the fold aft: and whereas the said tolls and duties bdvenot produced any sum. or sums /efficient in any ivife to pay an dfhargt'tht principal or interefi-money borrowed by the said tru* flees* Ppon the fend tolls and duties, and they have power and author rity only to apply the money thatshall arise by such tolls andduties^ in'

paying tht same; be it therefore further enacted, That it (halt Trustees may and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any seven or assignoverany natane of them, from time to time* at a publick meeting to be rcicrved rents, held by them for that purpose, by any writing under their hands a

aodfeal.a, to assign over all or any annual or Other relit or rents, any money sum or fams at money, profit or produce whatsoever, which they shall bor-hawe been of may be, referred or made payable, in or by any row on this or grant* lease, contract or agreement, made or to be made, by threcited and between the said trustees, and any person or persons what- aL*fbevev, for the ground and premises assigned by virtue of the said reoiled act, for holding the said sith market, or any part of such ground and premises, or from, by, or out of, any building

or erection, buildings or cre&ions, thereon erected and built, or to be erected and built, as a security for such sum or sum* of money, as the said trustees shall have occasion to borrow, for the purpose of the said recited and this present act, to such person or persons who shall advance and lend the same, to secure the payment thereof, with such interest as shall be agreed upon, not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum \ and Application of the said trustees shall apply the money which they shall so the moeics.r borrow, to the discharge of such debts, as have been contracted b^rowed# 7 by the said trustees, in executing the said recited act, and in

Sing to the said William Hamngt&n^ his executors or admi-

raters, such sum of two hundred pounds as aforesaid; and 1

for such uses, intents and purposes, as the said trustees, or any number of them, are impowered by this or the said recited act, to apply such monies as might arise by such tolls and duties as aforesaid* any thing in the said act to the contrary riot with-(landing.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said part Ofthorcf recited act, gives allowanceor liberty for the expofxng to fal£, cited act, with or exchanging for aay ocher goods, any of the several kinds of t elped to the fob therein, described, and under the dimensions as are prohi- bitedbytheJiafot* in the said recited act for that purpose* anil basin before mentioned* in case the same are taken with a hook, ii Geo. a. c. 49.

LI 4 andf'»t«

£2$> # Anno MteafimortM^40.

vaad so notfiL or capable of being preservod-live*and the same is -hereby repealed accordingly^ thetfaJd Recited act* or anycUufe* matter or Thing, thcrcia combined { the contrary many wise not whhdanding. v.

Penalties pay-,

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority afpr^&W, citldbaa'; Thstt such part of the penalties which by the M rt4*ted&, the poor of are to be paid to the poor of the parish where the pfffeficfcf* the parish, to, committed, be paid to the trustees mentioned m.thfcfMtafttt-be paid for ed act, or such person or persons ns they* or anyfi veJof, them the tnjftees^0 aPP°illt» tota increase of the furphis #f the ts4bhand and to be ap. profits thereby appropriated to therpmtif^o^iof^pfurmititffs pied m put- to fishermen, mailers of ships, or same other person or fwrfoos ting out ap. employed in the fca service; any thing in the said reeifiwJv$Kto prentices. the cQu^y thereof notwithstanding: and further*] ^hptdH[tad Trustees of every the trustees appointed and to be appointed ead*Th* fcu-the former thority of the said recited act, shall and are hereby- impefwqrftd <ftf to put this to execute this, as well as the said ivcitedadl; and aUefHtryeTy t^n" &cCCn^ C13U^C an<^ clauses contained in the said recUed\*dk,

1'(land in full force, except such parts thereof as are akprodthy

this present act. -f 01

Limitation of,

XVI. Provided always, and be it funher enacted hynyWnp-aaious. thority aforesaid, That if any adtioa or salt shall becomnitaoed against any person or persons, for any thing done in, pwdoante of this act, every such action or suit shall be brought wMttfYiix months next after thcfa& committed, and not afterwards a «dd shall be laid or brought in the county or place wherefechntffience shall be committed, and not elsewhere; and ttadcfafrfl-ant or defendants, in every such action or suit so to bohfcotight. General issue. shall and may plead the general issue, and give this ocVimi tfce special matter in evidence at any trial to be had therdbporn tad that the same was done in pursuance and by the fttfthffttydDf this act and if it shall appear so to have been doe* t

such a<9tien or suit shall be brought after the time* lwfeedfor (bringing the same as aforesaid, that then the jury shall dirirf Jbr the defendant or defendants \ and upon such verdi^ 4>rtlfl!sche plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or disconriiTi&feis, a<3tion, after the defendant or defendants shall hav« a^p<ar4d; or if uppn demurrer judgment shall be given against theplajjlbff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and mayrifteeyer Treble costs, treble Cods, and have such remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any case by law.

CAP. XL.

An act to improve, widen, and enlarge ev&md through London Bridge.

WHEREAS the passage ever and through, Lankin Brii % e is very, dangerous and it is, ab/ehtrFf ntitf-

Jdry immediately to widen and enlarge (be-/ante, an/tht, and enlarging the said bridgeandn* or more of the arches thehsf,

will be 0/puli tel utility, e/great. trade and ttffbnttte^most

" tbt

1756-71 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. to 46. ap3

Ibi napIgttlfotPUptrtfbt ritoto Thames more fast'dtii fih&e

gf taffy btili til1the preftrbatUn of the lives of his Mtijcftfs JuhjV&i

passing kw&Ut through thefoid bridge: and whereas in drdir to the same, it isnecessary that the houses^edifices, and buddings on ib&fold

1 bridgei and Jonre houses and edifices contiguous thereto, Should bt taken Mown and removed: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be edadteti 5 anch be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of -lhe lord* fyfrifuai and temporal and commons in this prefertt ^'parltamfertt^fltaibled, and by the authority of the same, That the mayor, aldermen* and commons of the eity of London, m common eotmci! aflimbled, (half with all convenient speed after 4He tv^ertty'fdurth day of June one thousand seven hundred and couocii^are i fi*y!contra&and agree for the purchasing (if they can) of impowered to ttH bbnfei, tenements, edifices, erections and buildings, now purchase and itBttdtngOr being on the said bridge, or contiguous or adjoin- '

vfnjgthereto (which do not belong to the mayor and commonalty JJi coimgti* nd lltfa&ns of London) which the said mayor, aldermen andousto, tho.r vCommons, in common council assembled, shall judge necessary bridge, to be taken down and removed, for the enlargement and im-^OVtfntent of the passage over, and the avenues leading to and i frwi' the said bridge; and that upon payment of such sum or sums of money as shall be agreed to be paid for the same, and in case rt6 agreement shall be made for the same, on making'satisfaction in manner herein after mentioned, to all owners of,

'and perf<m$ interested in such houses, tenements, edifices, erec-tiortsond buildings, not belonging to the said mayor and com-v itionafhv, and citizens of London; and to the lessees and occu-

Jridrsor all houses or tenements which shall be ordered or deem-r <d neccfliry to be taken down, and of all ground which shall be dee tiled necessary to be laid to the said bridge for the enlarge-

- tltefit thereof; the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in 1 Common council assembled, are hereby authorized and required

- with all convenient speed, afterwards to cause to be taken down ttll such houses, tenements, edifices, eretftions and buildings, and

- dlfo fbeh houses, tenements and buildings on and contiguous to 'the fold bridge, which belong to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, as the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council assembled, shall deem necessary and proper to

be Taken down for the purposes aforesaid i and sufo to cause the and to widin materials thereof to be removed and taken away, after any such °?c.ornK?l houses, tenements, edifices, erections and buildings shall be taken*

down; and likewise to widen or enlarge one or more of the'arches of the said bridge, as the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council assembled, shall from time to time judge necessary and direct; and this 26k shall be sufficient authority to ihdemnify them and all persons authorized by thbm for so doing, as well against the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, as against the heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, of ah' and every the owners of, and all other persona 'iotertfted io tony such hotUes, buildings and ground, and the

lessees

S'

£*£ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. & 419ft f 1^56.

ittfbes amt occupiers thereof, as if the fanie had btoettffailfi by deed of feoffment, bargain and sale, or other aflbf Juice rtt the lew whatsoever.

II. And be it farther erwfted by the authority a&ttfalsi, 'That and to design the said mayor*, aldermen and tettimotts. in C6bittt&tt ct^incil how the pal- assembled, shall also, from time to time, design, tdtijjn* end lay fege may be^hownnd »n what manner, and with what material*, «bc paK fife and com- over and through the said bridge shall be widefittd* feftterg-modious, and cd* and rendered more safe and commodious, and hotf Yhe fewic, the bridge and the said bridge, may, and shall from time to time* pre- preferred. served and kept in good repair and order, and (hajj make contrasts, and do all other matters and things rtquisite for oarrying on and effecting the purposes diretfted by this a<& to 4>e doec^ and for causing the same to be effectually perfected, ds to thta shall feerti meet,

A troTIeftrade

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afbfa-to be erected feid, That the passage over the said bridge shall be fteEtf&dand ^l^preferyed by a proper and uniform ballullrade to bfe ert^ed on the bridge*each an(j that the said passage shall be forty five feet wide, if it will admit thereof, and laid out in mahiier stere-and a passage in after-mentioned; that is to say, The passage for carriage^ cf ji feet to horses* and other cattle, shall be thirty one feet wide j and th* be opened for footway* for passengers on each side of the said bridge, S7even*feet be seven feet wide; and the said passage shall be made and con* lor foot paf- tinued Case and commodious in all respects, by such ways, and fengers. in such manner, as the mayor, aldermen and commons* in common council assembled, shall order or direct.

Lamps to be

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such convenient and sufficient number of glass lamps/ of such fort, and fartuon* and put up in such parts and plates of tfe« feid bridge, as to the said mayor, aldermen and cOtnmOfls of the said city, in common council assembled, shall seem meet

and expedient, shall be with all convenient speed, after th6 feid bridge shall be widened, enlarged and repaired, in maniw*al herein before is directed, erected and fixed upon proper pans ft? to be kept places of the said bridge; and the same shall yearly and every lighted from year be kept lighted and burning from sun-setting tofan-nfiwg sun-setting to throughout the year; and that the said mayor, aldermen and sun-rising 5 commons* in common council assembled, shall from tiaaa to time, after any houses on the said bridge shall be taken down and a watch ht pursuance of this act, nominate and appoint such a ttuotbwr to guard the of able-bodied watchmen as they shall judge necessary and pr

I per to be kept upon the said bridge, for the safety and Protection of persons passing over the same, which watchmen 1& to be appointed, shall be subject to such rules, orders ami direction$i as shall from time to time be made by the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council assembled, and removable to be defrayed their will and pleasure, and the expence of buying and o »t of the ing of such lamps or lights, and also the yearly chdrgjes ofkipi budge elUtc. plying, maintaining and repairing the same, and the ebatges rhilil

5*1

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 46.

and expepw of watching the said bridge, (hfck be borne and paid put of the estate and revemie$ belonging to the said bridge.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any* Penalty of person or persons shall from and after the eroding and placing J^laniS cc*he said temps wilfully or mxlicioufty breakvthrow down, or ex-thigtttfb any lamp that shall be set up to light the said bridge^ — of wilfully damage the pods irons, or other furniture thereof, every person so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more witntte or witnesses, before one or '

more justice or justices of the peace for the city of London* or the.;

borough of Southwark, or the county of Surry, as the case may happen* shall he subject to such pains, penalties and forfeitures, as: are mflided by an act of the Seventeenth year of his present the femeaiiit- Majesty* intituled An act for making more off'tttual provision for fli^d by ad enlightening the Jireets of the city of London. x7 Gco.a.c.»9.

VI. And for the preventing wilful and malicious damaging or destroying the said bridge, or any part thereof, or hindering or interrupting the repairing thereof, or the widening and en-r

larging the passage over and through the same*be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall Destroying, Unlawfully, wilfully, and maliciously blow up, puli down or &<: the destroy the said bridge, or any part thereof, or remove, destroy or oc take away, any works which now do or shall belong thereto, felonyBWor*f or in any wise direct or procure the same to be done, whereby the said bridge or the works thereof shall be damaged, or the lives of passengers endangered, every such offender or offenders being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer as a felon.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Materiab of timber, (tones bricks, tiles, dates, planks, iron, lead, glate, [akcnIdown,

and all other materials belonging or appertaining to the several veftedyn^he

houses, or tenements, edifices and buildings, that shall be taken city, and to be

down by virtue of this act, shall be, and the same are hereby applied m

vested in the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the said city of London \ and the said mayor, aldermen and commons, '

in common council assembled, are hereby required with all con*

veoa&nt speed, after any such houses or buildings shall be taken down, to cause such timber, (tones, bricks tiles, dates, planks, iron, lead, glafe, or other materials to be removed from dff

the premises, and to use and employ such thereof as they shall

tee fitting towards the widening, enlarging, and rendering more commodious the passage over the said bridge, and under the fams

and what thereof shall afterwards remain, shall either be emr j

ployed towards reparation of the other estates belonging to tb?

said bridge-house, or else shall be sold and disposed of for as much money as can be had or gotten for the same, as they shall from time to time deem bed; and the money arising by and from the sale of such part thereof as shall be sold, shall goano be applied to and for the purposes of this act.

VIII. And whereas it may happen that some persons or bodies por -

ill if I. corporate or collegiate* feoffees in trust, femes covert, or others

who

*4 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 40^ [1756.

<t/v seised of jorne houses, edifices or grounds, whichr mqy be tse-cessary to be pulled down or purchased, and fit out or\ affiantfor widening and enlarging the passage over the said bridge, 1 or; the eve-nues thereto, <7; aforesaid, /tray be willing to treat and agrpe to fell such houfa, edifices and grounds, perfect so uftful and necessftry a w»rky but are incapable of felling, granting, or conveying the same; Bodies poYi- fee jt therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall tw a^o-^may^to anc* ^0r all bodies politick, corporate or thersimpow- collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, and all feoffees in ered to fell trust, executors, admin istrators, guardians, or other trustees their property whom foe ver, and for all femes covert, and every other person uMay of the ancj pejfoQg whom foe ver, who are or shall be seised,; posseued of, or interested in, any such houses, edifices, tenements or ground,

to sell and convey all or any such houses, edifices, tenements

and ground, or any part thereof, and all their estates, rights, titles and interests whatsoever, of, in, and to the same, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and their fuqcdtiprs, or to such persons, and their heirs for ever, as the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council aflerribled* fell direct, in trust for the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their successors, for the purposes in this act contained; and that all contracts, agreements, sales and conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this act as aforesaid, shall without any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries* or other conveyance or assurance in the law whatsoever, be goody valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes; anyjafa, <Statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever to ffiecpn- trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that all facty »£r-

ions are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they do by virtue of or in pursuance of this act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, \Vhere apy That if any body politick, corporate or collegiate, corppt^ruuis \ aB8re£atc or femes covert, or other person or persons what-jot in on^ f°ever»n and by this act impowered and qualified to coptfaA,

- y fell, convey and dispose of, any part of the premisses for the purposes herein before-mentioned, shall refuse to treat and agree as aforesaid, or by reason of absence shall be prevented from treating and agreeing, or shall decline or refuse to fell, convey and dispose of, the premisses, whereof, wherein, or wherewtOr they respectively shall be so seised, possessfed, interested, or jnti-. - tied, as aforesaid, or their respective rights, titles, claims pr interests, to, in or upon the same, or any part thereof, unto the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and their successurs, of such persons as the said mayor, aldermen and commons, ip common council assembled, shall appoint, for the purposes and or shall not according to the tenor, true intent and meaning of this preieot make out a ti-5^ or ftiaji not produce or make out a clear title to thepretpif* of aldermen^ t>ex are in'P°*on °U or to the interest they claim thereto* to i(Tbc a pre- to the satisfaction of the court of mayor and aidettnen of the cept fcr rl* city of London, it shall and may be lawful.to and far the said summwtftig a court, and they are hereby impovvcr«d and authorial to ifibe.a

ijpj

vented from treating, See.

175631 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 40; $?$;

a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, to the sheriffs Of flier said city of London, or to the bailiff of the borough of Stutb^ wart, as the case shall require, who are, and every of them i*V; hereby authorized, diretfed and required accordingly, to impanel and return a competent number of substantral dKinterested persons, qualified to serve on juries, and not less than forty-eight; and out of such persons ft) to be impanelled, summoned and returned, a jury of twelve persons shall be drawn by some person by the said court of mayor and aldermen to be appointed, in such mariner as juries for the trial of issues joined in his Majesty's courts at Westminster, by an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of juries, are directed to be drawn; which persons so ° Geo. * c. 5. to be impanelled, summoned and returned, as aforesaid, are direct*, hereby required to come and appear before the said court of mayor and aldermen, if the premisses in dispute lie in London, af such time and place as in such warrant orwarrants, precept or predepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend there, from day to day, until discharged by the said court; and if the pfdmlfles lie in the county of Surry, before the justices of the borough of Southwark, at some general quarter-sessions of the peace to be held for the said borough, or some adjournment thereof; and all persons concerned shall have their lawful chah*1 lenges (but not challenge the array of the panel) against any of the said jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the f^ court^y* court 6f mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, aTe here- summon and by respectively authorized and impowereef, by precept or order, 'examine wit- from time to time, as ocCafion shall require, to call before them ncffc# onoath» all and every person and persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary to be examined as witnesses before them, and to exarriihe them on their oath or oaths touching and Concerning the premisses; and the said court of mayor and afdefrhen^ and dfreftt&V and justices, as aforesaid respectively, if they think fit, shall and jury tovfcw7 may fikewife authorize the said jury to view the place or places, the place* m[r or matters iri question, in such manner as they shall drre&; and the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid; f, r (hhll have power to adjourn such meeting from day to day, a» occasion shall require; and such jury, witnesses and parties, shall attend until all such affairs for. Which they were summoned shall be concluded: and the said jury, upon their oaths, shall esquire Jury to aiTefi of the value of such houses, ground, tenements, edifices, erec- the value, rions and buildings, which shall be necessary to be purchased, and of the refj)ective estateand interest of every person feifedof possessed of, or interested therein, or in any part thereof; and' such jury shall assess the futri and sums to be paid to every fdCh* person or persons for the riurchafe of such their estates and interests which shall be necessary to be so purchased; and the fold*J ' court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, shall and

may re^e&ftely give judgment for such fhm and sums of money and thejouiti #b to be a(?ef?«l; which said verdict Or verdicts* and the said*°S, V2 '

judgment, decree and determination thereon (notice in '

- being

Previous notice to be given to the parties interested.

Verdict of the jury, and judgment and proceedings of the court, to be figped ao4 fealea by the mayor, and recorded.

Copie* may be taken ACrCof* the same deemed good evidence.

Upon payment of the purchase money, conveyance to be executed of the premisses, in trust for the city.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 40. [1756.

fcribg given to the person or persons interested, atleafofburteen days before the time of such alTcflmens, declaring thfcrip&d and place of the meeting of the said court of mayor and tfrarmen, or justicea as aforesaid, and jury, by leaving such nodfe^t the dwelling-house of such person or persons, or at his, her or Hireir ofual place or places of abode, or with (bme tenant qr ofcctipier of same of the said htmfes, ground, tenements, edifices, erections or buildings, intended to be valued and assessWL, in Case fubh party cannot otherwise be found out, to be ferepd' with such notice) shall be binding and conclusive to all inieritt and purposes whatsoever, as well against the Kinj^Majesty, hhik heirs and successors, and al) and every other person and personfc, bodies politick and corporate, claiming any estate, right, tfrlei tfuft, uk or interest in, to or out of the same, either in pofliuiort, reversion, remainder or expectancy, as well infants, and if^ue unborn, lunaticks, ideqts, and femes covert, and persons under any other legal incapacity or disability, and all other ceftiif spie trusts, his, her and their heirs, succeslora, executors and; adtnr-mstrators, as against all other persons whomsoever $ and the said verdicts, judgments and decrees, and all other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices as ant>refukfv and juries, so to be made, given and pronounced as affcfefind, shall be fairly written on parchment, and figoed and sealed by the said mayor for the time being; and such verdicti judg* norms and decrees, and other proceedings, as relate to, or concern houses, grounds, tenements, edifices, erections and handings in London, shall be entered in the town clerk's office of the city of London; and such as relate to or concern any houses, grounds, tenements, edifices, erections or buildings in the coy rt-ty of Surry, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the peace of the said county, and kept amongst the records of the quarter-sessions of the "said county; and the said verdufts, judgments and decrees, and all other proceedings, shall be deemed and takehlo he records to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and thefarfie* or (bme copy thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be gqba and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of few or equity whatsoever, and all persons may have recourse so the same gratis* and take copies thereof, paying for every c<jpy not exceeding two hundred words, iucpence; and so proportionally for any greater or lefTer number of words.

X. And it is hereby further entiled and declared, That upon payment of such sum or sums of money so to be assessed and decreed as aforesaid, the person or persons to whom shall be so assessed and decreed for the purchase of the housesj, tmements and hereditaments, er for the purchase of any eftatfc or interest therein, shall make and execute, or procure to btf made and executed, good, valid and legal conveyances and aflii-rances in the law, to the said mayor and commonalty and Citizens of the said city, or to any person or persons whom the fsird mayor* aldermen and commons, in common council assemblets, shall dire# and appoint, and their heirs, in trust, £orithe '&kf

mayor

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. & 4*-

mavpf^M commonalty, and citizen* of the city, of Ma bnyfes, grpund, tenement* edifices, creations and bwiWiogs.flC of foeh cftaje or interest, for which such sum or fume of money foajl.befo.iwarded; ansi fl)«U procure all necessary parties. M twwutft such conveyances, alignments and aflufances, and shall ^0 all acts, matters and things, necessary or requisit* to make a clear, gppd and perfe# title to such premisses, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, and such convey- antes, aflkoment* and sfluranee*, shall contain all foeb reafoo-able and ujfu*l covenants as shall, on the part of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, be required) and in case such, person or persons to whom any such sum or sums shall be (h awarded or due as aforesaid, shall not be able to evidence their title to the premisses, to the said mayor, aldermen and com- where a good mans in cam man council assembled* and to make or procure to cannot be beiroad?, good, valid and legal conveyances thereof to the said'* mayor and commonalty and citizens, or to' such person or per-: ance execu-- fpns as the said mayor, aldermen and commons in common) ted, &c. council assembled, shall appoint, or shall refute so to do, being tltereta required, and such Aim or sums so assessed and awarded, or due. xaaforesaid, being produced and tendered to be peld to them* on their making such title, and executing, and procuring to be executed, such conveyances, alignments or afluraoces '>

as aforesaid, or if in case such person or persons, to whom such or the parriei ! sum or sums.of money shall be so assessed or due as aforesaid, cannotarc be be found in the city or county where the houses, ground, ten*- found*?, Stents, edifices, erections and buildings, for which the fuma shall be so assessed and awarded, or are due, lie, or in case that by reason of dilpute* depending in any court of law or equity* or for defect of evidence, it shall not appear to the said mayor, aldermen and commons of the said city, in common council assembled, what person or persons is or are inti(kd j or M if any mortgagee shall refuse to take in his or her mortgage mo- fl, a|| retufeto ncy due on the premisses, after notice given to him or her for take bit mort-foal purpose as herein before is provided that then, and in al| gage money, and every such case and cases, it shall and may be lawfol to and for the said court of mayor and aldermen to order the Aim or foots so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, as the value of, and purchase money for, such houses, ground, tenements, edifices, court may pay creations and buildings, or as shall be due on any such mort- the moneys*, gage, to: be paid into the bank of England, for the use of the to the bank., parties interested in the said premisses, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their respective estates and ioterefts l

in the said premisses, as the said court of mayor and aldermen -

shall* by an order to be made by them, direiil, and the cafltiec or calibers of the bank of England, who shall receive such sum Receipt tw be. god sums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or re- given for the ' ceipts for such sum or sums, mentioning and specifying for what !*"'*' fPe*by- premisses, and for what use the same is and are roojived, to such 'nr|("1rr"l.'l*td person, aashall.pay such sum or sums into the bank of England uses, which ' as ai'orf^udi which receipt or receipts shall be unbred on re- aietobe rtgi-.....'cord, fter<d i

CVCIU

-i; i

Premiflet thereupon to vest in the city atyblutely.

Court, at the petition of the party interested, may order the purchase-money to be ipyenad in the publick funds in trail;

and the per-lone intitled to the metric profits, to recover the interest of purchase-money.

Court of aldermen to make an order on die bank for that pur-

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

citfdi tod^giftered in such place, afldhiftrtjh said verdrift, judgment and other proceeding^; art1 required to be*kept; and immediately on-ftfeh*tetfywfcm!and regrftty, alftheestate, right, titte, interest, claim and demand in law and equltyj of the perfbrt dr jperfbra for whose use the same was paid, in, t6 and our Of (Mfcb1 ndtlfe, ground, tenements, edifices, eredttons and btrifcfirtgv flm rift in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens; apd tb^staff be deemed in law tO be in the adhul possesstorl tHeSf&f; ' WaU intents and purposes, as fully and effedhiaHy as if evdry pcHbrr having any estate in the said premisses had adhiaPy conveyedftc same by lease and release, bargain and sale inrolfed, feoffment with livery and seisin, fine and recovery, or any other lejg^f for-veyance whatsoever; and such payment (half not dcrty WH*! right, title, interest, claim and demand, of the pfrfotY aiW ger-fons to whose use such payment was made, but affoitialttattehf to, and be deemed and construed to bar the dower and doifers of the wife and wives of such person or persons, andwlfc estatei tail in reversion or remainder, against the issue and iffises of*Wfchr person and persons, and every person claiming under2 .*

effectualty as a fine or recovery would do, or would Have done, if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of fcnr.

XI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawfalToaod for the said court of mayor and aldermen, after such payment into the bank, and registry as aforesaid, at the petition any person or persons interested in such houses, ground, tcnfSiafe, edifices, eretfiofls and buildings, or the monies so paf£'ftff£6id' bank for the purchase thereof, or ih respect of any righr or'interest therein, to place out or invert, or cause to be ptatei ewf1 or inverted, stich sum or sums of money, or any part'tfcertbf, in some of the public^ funds, or on government fccaritits/it interest, in the name of any person or persons, ainhdr&fed'aM appointed by the said court of mayor and aldermen for eha^purpose, in trust, to transfer and assign the same to such'^rforief persons to whom the money so paid in foal! belong, on^dkir executing proper conveyances thereof; and iA the mea*

in tfuft to pay the ir.terefts and dividends afKtrrg thetofifoirti such person or persons who was or were in possession<S£ the £6S premisses, at the time of the said payment into the bank." -

XII. Provided always, and it Is hereby enacted, Ttfc* iff and every person and persons, who would be intitled torcdOver lihe mesne profits of the premisses, against the person or persons in posseflion, in case the same had not been so conveyed totht said mayor and commonalty and citizen's, or by their difedHom as aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the sum or firms arrifirg, 6r to arise from such interest and dividend as aforesaid* by adtron of debt against the person or persons who shall receive the &me; and the said court of mayor and aldermen are hereby ttnpowv ered and authorized to make such order as aforesaid, on the bank, for the payment of such fom or fiims of money/ or w!Hy part thereof, as shall be necessary, ra order to tbaif bring?

" VCn(d

4m rWcr«w> n^np PR4*

v^hgfii ifo securities-r and the said m^vor and q^moc^jose. on which,

altya^o^q*, shall bd quieted in the possession of thqrh9«^t Lb*c tob# g^opi^, jf^wents, edifices, erections and buildings, for, whiclit^ir* such mgflfjfc (full be fa paid as aforesaid, and shall not he an--fion. fwerable iff accountable, in any epurt of law or equity, for the mempv^i^ so def^hted and placed out as aforesaid, any other-ufifq than according to the tenor, purport, and true meaning of

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mortgagee on That evqry mortgagee and mortgagees of any houses, lands, te- fix monrfci oements^and hereditaments, which shall be purclufed in pur-. notice>

Iqanpe of this act, his, her and their heirs, executors, adraini-strator^ or assigns, on having six months notice in writing given to her or them, from the said mayor, aldermen and com-xnpnf frx common council aflsembled, or any person authorized by thqm, that they will pay off and discharge the principal and inhered tnopey, which at the expiration of the said six months.

shall he due on any such mortgage, shall at the end of the said fix iqpjjUhs, after every fuqh notice, on payment or tender of the to principal and interest money, which mall be then due, convey ^iifc*hon>wn-and amgn his, nqr and their respective estates and interests, in deror'pay-and to the said mortgaged premises, to the said mayor and commenu nippalty and citizens, or such person or persons, as the said maypr^ aldermen and commons, in common council assembled, shall appoint, in trull for the said mayor, and commpnalty and citizens*, and their successors* and ir any such mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her or their heirs, executors, administrators or arngns, shall refuse fa to do, then all interest on every such on mortgage, from the expiration of the said six months, after any jrttf rca to 1 fych notice given as aforesaid, shall cease and determine. cease.

XIV. Am be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Afte|>^That in case the said xqayor, aldermen and commons of the said chafe ma<U, city of in common council assembled, or any person tenants tode-

authorized by them, shall, after any houfqs or tenements shall liver up poflef-be purchased by them, in pursuance of this act, give twe'v^earTtt«rn*smooths notice in writing, to the tenants or occupiers of any such houses or tenements, which shall be so purchased, who shall have no greater interest therein respectively, ' than as tenants at will, or as lessees by parole for a year, or from year to year, to quit or deliver up the possession of such houses or tenements, at thp expiration of such twelve months, then every such tenants or '

occupiers shall, at the end of the said twelye months, after every such notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the possession of the premides, (p by him, her or them respectively occupied, to, J

the person or persons who shall be appointed by the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council assembled, to take podedion thereof; and if any person foin possession thereof, shall refuse to give up the possession thereof, at the expiration of such twelve months, after every such notice as aforesaid, it shall be y

lawful for the said court ot mayor and aldermen, from time to.»

time, to ifluea preceptor precepts to the (heads of the city of

XXI. "Mm.....Zcnde*\:;

53°

On refwfal, court to iflae a precept to ther (herift to take possession,

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 40

London, if'"

the Court ty of Surry,

to cauife possession th,

fotts, who shall be in such precept or precepts ndthirtmed 'io receive the same; and the sheriffs of the feitf afjr'df fyk&oh, ffjfoV ' premisses shall be within the find 1- of Surry, the bailiff of the bordog respectively required to deliver

t or precepts, of the

id dty, and if wjthiW thCdo^tjG.-Jtdoeb of '

iver poueflron according to jft(£h' fzia premisses therein foehudfied, ild'tb

rliA Kir

and, levy the charges.

cution the |_

ted or refuse td pay the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the atithoH^r'jlffi <f00*In?y-ff That it shall and may be lawful for the said chuit dr hisdeput'y or sddermen, or justices as aforesaid, from time to'tfmCy'id' offifer, jury any reasonable fine, not exceeding the sum of teri potrtii andwitnestes, any sheriff or sheriffs, or their deputy or deputies, '; b&il, making de- agents respectively, who fllail make any defauhih thepbtfiim (_

-5, and on any pdrfons who shall be summoned and retQrked^h 'jinV.,

such jury or juries, who shall not appear, and affo oh atlVwittteuf or witnesses who shall not attend, or who shall dtteriq HnA, re^ fuse to be sworn, or whd Being sworn shallrefafe fffeJvC' dence, and On any person summoned and returned on tuch i Or juries, who shall refuse to be sworn on any facH jury pi^uf or being sworn thereon shall not give his or their verdict, v in any other manner wilfully neglecthis or their dm'

touching the premisses, contrary to the true interit ahd' of this a Cl, and from time to time to levy such fine dr; / order of the said court1-of mayor and aldermen; tifj aforesaid, as the case may require, by distrelV add ? offenders goods, together with the reasonable cftai#$r stress and sale. such distress and sale, returning the overplus, ifdhy, T3'fb2.

owner; and all such fines which shall so be recovfcra '5^ IS-.ceived, shall be applied towards the purposes of this^r^j" f' Purchase mo-

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted and decIaffed ney to be paid authority aforesaid, That the principal money arising from to the nominee fa]4 of any houses, edifices, lands, (erteihertts tttidhcfei! be Te-in vetted mefrts> which shall be purenafed for the purpose^ cot^afi 1 in purchase of f^'s a<^> of any body corporate dr collegiate, toVporitl'o othertneffu- gregate or foie, feoffees in trust, guardians, comthftrcefc cj§ &c- sub- truuees, or from any same coverts, shall be paid tb'ftiefi1 jest to like as they shall respectively nominate to receive the farrie' i'With all convenient speed, to be reinvested itl thephfd

thef messuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, ? L veyed and settled to and Upon, and subjecttO the like life "limitations, remainders and contingencies, astfifchc^ fices, lands, tenements and hereditaments, tohi&'ffia chafed from them respectively, by the falartiayol ty and citizens as aforesaid, were1 fefpeCiiVdy feffl assured, at the time of such the purctaflflg'of

and levy the same by di

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 40# 53*

many thereof, at thp time of making such convey ances and settlements shall be existing, and capable of taking effecU X Vfo And to the intent the passage over the said bridge may. always be kept open and rendered more safe and commodious, arjd be dear of all buildings (except as herein is mentioned) be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the After the h^ufrs and tenements intended as aforesaid to be taken down, houses on the shall be taiken down, the gjround and foil on which the now (land, shall lie open, and be deemed andufed as and publick highway for ever; and that nohdufc or other buildingbe laid open* shall be erected on the said bridge (except such gates and toll — \ houses as are herein provided and directed) and that all carriages and carriages pa fling over the said bridge from London shall go on the east (idePaffinS°v*r thereof as near as may be, and that all carnages passing over^0 onnt]£n* the said bridge to Lwdon shall go on the west side thereof as near calf side* and as may be; and that no coachman or driver shall Hand or plyto London to foY hire with any coach or other carriage whatsoever upon the S°on the wc^ said bridge, or leave any empty coach or carriage there; and j^ not thrift ho carman, caster, drayman or driver of any carriage what-to ply tbr hire fedVer, shall wilfully remain with any cart> carr, dray, wag- on the bridge*gdh or other carriage whatsoever on the said bridge, longer than shall be necessary for going over the lame, or leave any empty carl, dray or other carriage upon the said bridge; and hbifli* that no pdrfon shall put any filth, dung, afltes or rubbish on the there.*said bridge, or do any a£ which may be an annoyance there ? offender in atttl If any coachman, carman, caster, drayman, waggoner or either case, to driver, shall offend herein, or any person mall annoy any part he earned be-of rh^said bridge by putting or leaving any filth, dung, ashes or Vabbifti there or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for any peffort or pfcrfeni to apprehend and take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, every such person or persons so offending before the said mayor of the city of London, or same other justice of the peace for the said city, or before forae justice of the peace for the borough of Southwark, or for the county of Surry; and e*$ry such offender being of any of the said offences cpnvidfrd by*Vhdhath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the mayor or any other such justice, or by his or her confession,

{halt for every such offence forfeit and pay a sum nor exceeding twifity shillings, nor less than two shillings and six pence; to go and be applied between the parties informing against, and Fine to gate apprehending every such offender and offenders, as the mayor or the infornier justice before whom the party or parties offending shall be con-"j|^Pr8* vtftetf, foall direct; and in default of immediate payment riiere*of, the offender or offenders shall be committed by the mayor ment offender or justice before whom he, she or they were convi<fled, if in Lon- to be coai-dm\ to the Lmdon workhouse, and if in the county of Surty % to a house of corpc&ion for the said county, there \o be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three days, as the mayor or fdch justice shall think fit to erder^ or until he, she or they shaft have paid 'the'money diTefl^d by the mayor or such justice

to

t

63*

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 4pf;, h

XVIII. And forasmuch as bytht Jqkbfg daom^ buildings whichartnow jlanfcng Ufgp jU^opJ^ijigp, W f flWp joining than*, the rector of thfunM.pwifite ff iMfgftV. ^4 Saint Margarets, New Fishr?streejt, I\^dcyo^wiiiJlf 4kP^1^Pf r(centring the iitbesbeloncting to bm^ndwjnfh ari u^f^gm^ such of the houses on London Bridge* fire infbfjkwpmfi Pf,*2*1 Magnus; and the nelior of iheparifi of- Saint will be deprived of the customary payments in Upt+pf $kfS yfiyppr* now charged on or payable by the occupiers of such' ^fi^bwfs

and buildings now (lauding on London Bridge, <?j a^ot % the said parish of Saint Olave, Southwark; and whereas tbprej^mfk* meats yearly arising from furptice fees and Easter ^kyi^ibe reftor of the said united purifies of Saint JbfygW&fm garet, New Fish street, and to the rest or of toe. f<^A^ifi ^of Sfiut Olave, from the occupiers of such houses on London WY*gc* fcW* in the said nfpettive parishes; be it therefore ^Y, au*

After pulling thority aforesaid, That immediately after the doirn the houses, buildings or tenements, on or contiguo^c^Mmd tkh^and bridge, which arc in the said pariQ* of Saint Adagp#hjUi$^yte

custTmary authority of this act, all tithes now payable to

payments due said united parities of Saint Magpies and Saint Mfrgg^ff^ifJjfW from thence, Fi/b-street, from any such houses, buildings or tepef^fy^fft^ll cm^the^brufee* for ever charged on all and Angular the land$, tep^ts^id Souse lands, hereditaments, belonging or in the account of the

of the city of London, andythat imcnediately after t^ ptyUZing down any houses, buildings or tenements, on of the said bridge, which are in the said p?ri(h of Saint, warty under the authority of this act, all customary pavm^Hs

in lieu of tithes now payable to therector of Saipt\jQfapp. Southwark^ from any such houses, buildings or99

or near the said bridge, which shall be so pulkddpw^ort^ occupiers thereof, shall likewise for ever be ebarg^ppop ^pd Angular the said lands, tenements and herediiamenu^tm^ to or in the account of the bridge-house estate of th^f^defty«London; and that all sums of money payable as afqi^i^i: Tithes to be in lieu of tithes, shall be paid to the reaors of the (a^dj)an(^ mjidhulf-year of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret y New Fifi-Arts^. andr^nfnt taxes^frCCn Southwark respectively, for the time pcingt fiar cyor,

x*clear of all taxes and deductions by the said mayor* ^rtapaop-

alty and citizens of the said c*ty w London, or fuc^ performer persons as the said mayqr, aldermen and commons, ip foamioo council assembled, shall appoint, out of the rents andprofits of the said bridge^house estates, at the two most usual feaiftsL^ that is to fav, the annunciation of the«ble(Ied Virgin Mary^.g^e^i^t feast or Saint Michael the archangel, by equal paymentsju^ enrery year; the first payment thereof to begin and c^menpk oi^ of the feast days as shall first happen after the puUing cfoi^nany 7l, 5s., d. to of such houses or tenements 5 and that the yearly {urn.of., (even be paid yearly pounds fifteen shillings and one pennyv shall be Jike^f^as to rc6Vor of aforesaid, out of the said bridge-house estate, to the reverend d'siint8"11*uu&cr Gibjfon, curing (Ik time lie shall continue ft£or

0

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 40. ill

of the said parishes of Saint Magnu\ and Saint Margaret* from Margaret, io* rind immediately after the pulling down the said houses, in b'eu, l*" °£fur' of surplice fiscs mi* Eefir cM&imusi dear of taxes; and.thajs^eroftr

Jrearfy flap of fbufr pounds eleven Shillings and four pence, shall ings; and 4l. ik^wist be paid out of the^aidhfidge-house estate to the reve* 4d- to rend mailer Hughes rector of the said parish of Saint thereftorof

Ofavt, in Tien of surplice fees Easier offerings, clear of allbaintu ave» taxes, during'such time as he shall continue rector of the said parish of Srimt O&tv.

1 XIX.* And 1bk&een by Means of pulling dawn and taking away tbs house upon thk said bridge* andeentiguous thereto* a great deficiency Kml happen in the poor's rates of the find parishes of Saint Magnus and $amt 'plate's, and the land tax heretofore ujfissed upon account of such houses* tnujl be raisid and paid by the owners and occupiers of fitch' houfis and lands who shall remain in the said pari/bes* unlcjs same frfuifion be made by this act for the future payment oft he same; bfcSt'Therefore erta&ed by the authority aforesaid, That such city to make Share andjptopOrtion which act, house or houses (now Handing goodoutof the ert thefaKr bridge, or contiguous thereto, and which shallhere- bridge estate, after be pulled down and taken away from the same) used dop; Hbtrte and pay, or be charged towards the quota of the land J.atC9 iand tar assessed upon the said parishes, shall from and after the pull-tax, occasion-frt& down 6f such house and houses, be for ever paid to the col- by pulling le$rcfr orrirtk&ors authorized to receive the lame, by the mayor* fj0^1 the eommonalty and citizens of the (kid city of London* out of the"0 seventies and estate belonging to the said bridge; and that there ffialf Jikewiffe be paid by me said mayor, commonalty and citizens, out of the said revenues and estates, to the oveneers of the poor of ihd said parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Olave's re-ibefliyeify, ' fdr the time being, towards the relief of the poor of the find pkrifhfes yearly and every year, all such lum and (urns of ynoney fits the said parishes shall be chargeable with on account of ttriy person or persons who already have gained or hereafter shall

gin any settlement, or become chargeable in the said parishes* fcither of them, on account of such part of the said parishes Whferertf the houses which shall be puHed down by virtue of this TOnowstand.

XX. And whereas by an act made in the tenth year of the reign JO Geo a.e.ifc yf his present Majesty* intituled An act for rebuilding the church of'rite parish of Saint Olaue in the city of London* and in the ttofoOgh of Southwark, in the county of Surry* all lands* houses* ienbttenti and hereditaments* within the said parish* were charged* brfd are fill chargeable* with assessments to be made thereon, not exceeding' six pence in the pound m any one year of the yearly relit of Jiccrr lands* houfis* tenements and hereditaments* as the same Should afclrtdirird and rated by the land tax* payable for the fame- two third parts of which assessments were to be paid by the landlords or aWHtrs* and the other third pari was to be paid by the tenants or occupiers of fitch lands* houses* tenements and hereditaments* for and; towards the experice if rebuilding the said parish church* and.until ^tbrfqtne fhtuld he finijbiir and whereas the said parish church, is

i* w-n

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II.

not ytt JniJbedimi there remain wfa*4*i£i^hcti

teen contracted br the said parish, onaceoimtif tpi rrbtywte fcfej* church, which tie said pctrish is now charged vn/h* and P&J -

and whereas ftverol of the hmfes charged and ciargedhb. w}$fr thi said assessment, will he taken downy and the ground fttbergaae jland will be applied to the use of the said bridge* wherebr fht Jam parish of Saint Olave will lose the aff'tffmenti charged jqidchargfaLt and altb the thereon; be it therefore enacted by tn$ authority afarefaifl* pThar rate* charge- the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of or

able thereon, London, shall Out of the rents of the said brid^HcM^«rfcre of Saint Olave. P3? or cau^c to be paid, to tha churchwardens of thf, w^9ari<h of Saint Olave, all such rates and sums of money ^pr

would be chargeable upon the said houses so to b*i in pursuance of the said act, as if the said houses wgr^ i'Reservation of

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby furth^fi^ on)1 fetorsC f aut*lor^ly aforesaid, That nothing in this pret^nf $ the P Bridge °* tamed shall extend, or beconstrued, deemed or tak^n ^qr Waterworks. to impower the said mayor, aldermen and common^o^tl city, in common council assembled, to remove or at the arches under the said bridge, or any engines in which now belong to the proprietors of the water-works, or to take away any right which the (a^ pjjMrie-tors of the said London Bridge water-works now have loathe use or enjoyment of any of the arches of the said bridge* gpfot or kafe from the said mayor and commonalty and citizen* Vrf.London, for raising water therefrom.

If the city

XXII. Provided further, and it is hereby also eru£ledvThat (kail remove if for the enlarging or altering the said bridge, or any. Qt'Ae any of the wa- arches thereof, in pursuance of this act, the said mayor* pilfer* ter pipes, men ancj commons, in common council assembled*- fh^ajl riefe to be amoved, or taken away, any of the leaden pipes-which belong to the said proprietors of the said London Bridge wtafor-works, and now lie on, or contiguous to the said^u^gc^ fe conveying water from their water-works, then and In fiicS case, the said proprietors of the said London Bridge water-workp'shall have liberty, and they are hereby authorized, at all times? than after, at their colls, to place or lay down, in lieu which shall be so amoved or taken away, other J^dj^jron pipes upon and over such part and parts of the said brjdgp, and contiguous thereto, as shall be agreed on between them'ahi! the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council assembled; and that until the pipes which now lie on, or contiguous in the said bridge, shall be amoved or taken aw*y, the said proprietors of the said London Bridge water-wqv's are here* by authorized, from time to time, as occasion (half nNjvnfe, and repair the^repair or amend the same; and after the amqval or; taJfog'same, away any of the leaden pipes now lying on, or contiguous, to

the said bridge, from time to time, to amend or repair a* oca-flon shall require, all other lead or iron pipes whiefr JhalHKeo after be placed or laid down on, or contiguous to f^td ibri^fc, by the proprietors of the said London Brijge wafer?wprkf*

the proprietors may lay clown others, where agreed

Ain

1756j Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 40.

thp approbation of the fak! mayor, aldermen,pd common*,

in common council assembled, so as by the doing thereof the said bridge, or any of the arches thereof, be not prejudiced;

and so as the proprietors of the said London Bridge water-works for the time being do and shall, at all times hereafter, make good so*

pll damage which shall at any times be done to the said bridge, or the pavement thereon, or any of the arches thereof, by the s

taking up, laying down or repairing, any of such pipe or pipes,

and forthwith after any such damage shall at any time be done.

XXIII. And for preventing any damage to the London Bridge If in altering water-works, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ff it shall be found necessary to take down or alter any of WateJ. for the1 the piers of the said bridge, in order to enlarge any of the arches water-works thereof, and thereby the raising of water by the said works shall A»ll fee prejudiced; that then and in every such case the said mayor, pldermen and commons of the said city, in common council a body of w*-aflempled, shall, and they are hereby required on complaint and ter tof.that^ proof of such damage, to flop or pen up, or cause to be (lopped

dr pent up, a like body of water as shall be discharged by the P taking down or altering any of the said piers, for the use of the proprietors of the said water-works.

XXIV. And forasmuch as the widening and enlarging the passage aver and through the said bridge before mentioned, and the purchasing such houses, edifices and ground as aforesaid, and ihe making satisfaction herein before directed^ will be att ended with confederate charge and, expence; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fresh and after the said twenty fourth day of June Addition*! there shall be due and paid to the receiver or receivers, collector or Collectors to be nominated and appointed as herein after^J.^ }s mentioned, for pontage, or in the nature of a toll, for parting parting over over the fad bridge, over and above the toll now paid and pay- the bridge, able for loaded waggons, carts, drays and carriages passing over the said bridge, the following sums of money (that is to say)

For every horse drawing any coach, chariot, hearse, berlin, The tolls,

landau, calash, chaise or chair^ over the said bridge, the sum of one halfpenny.

And for every such coach, chariot, hearse, berlin, landau, calash, chaise or chair, one penny.

And for every horse not drawing, parting over the said bridge.

One halfpenny.

4

XXV. Provided always, That no hackney coach which shall Hackney, pass over the said bridge empty, or the horses drawing the same, coachesemp-Shall pay any toll whatsoever, nor shall any horse or any coach or carriage whatsoever pay more than once a day for parting over p^d$but once the said bridge: which said respective sums of money shall and a day; which may be demanded and taken in the name of pontage, or as a are veiled ut toll or duty; and the monies to be raised thereby, and all otherthe W» monids to be received by authority of this act, are hereby veiled

the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city

M in 4 of

Sgf Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c.QpRA

*nor gfgtarfjit, and thelf successsors^1 and thfrfcfbc/Tairdvbvgdpfrwyt

thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of and aftigbtttab hand for the several uses, intents and purposes, and in such manner mi is herein "mentioned sind dirtied y and the said!foayhr{i«(idbfc- men and commons, in common council assembleA, or such persons as they shall depute, are hereby impcwrefed tdtevy the moll Or duty hereby required to be paid, upon any^pei^hxrtpersons who shall, after demand thereof made, negiedior retufe.topa

the same as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder ariy paflag* bwerthe*of may be said bridge, until payment thereof; which said tailor duty Aadl levied by di- or may be levied by distress of any horse or hor sea* br^carriarie ft; els and sale. Upon which such toll or duty is by this w8t impoftdj of hap&i

any other of the goods and chattels of inch person orperfpbras ought to pay the same; and all such horses or Voodrinayhe detained till such toll or duty, with the reasonaole'Uhanriss iof such distress, shall be paid; and it shall be iarfffal ffe the person or persons lb distraining, after the space lof fodrdays after such distress made and taken, to fell borfei^r horses, or other goods or chattels so distrained, fdr paymdntrof the said toll or duty, rendering to the owner or bWti^J&tfrcof the overplus upon demand, after satisfaction of the fi£d^4ii<or duty, and the reaforrable charges in or about tnakiksg fncf* di-ft refs, detaining, keeping and felling the feme^ fhalibededat-ted and paid. r <: .*'/H*?

Gate*and toll*

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid^That creaVdonor1^mayor, aldermen and commons, in comntori uhuhoil pear the

o]

'fidge.

assembled, or such person or persons as they (halt appoant^.ftHllI and may erect or cause to be erected a gate or gates, andiattv i tolUhouse or toll-houses, upon, in or near the said bridge#: d?

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the aitthbrit^ i&igsaid. That from and after the said twenty fourth day or to/Tdhe thousand seven hundred and fifty six there shall be du^ahdpiid to the receiver or receivers, collator or collectors, who<fbaHrbe appointed by the said mayor, aldertncn and commons, in common council assembled, by the owner or owners of edet^r Ady, paid by loaded barge, vefie], lighter, or other craft having any goods on' boadd, vesselspafling every time any such hoy, barge, veffd, lighter or otterevaft ilvill past through any of the arches of the said bridge the Several tolls or sums of money foJlowing (that is to say); -«; io

TnlU to be under the bridge,

O I jh

The toll*.

For evpry hoy, barge, vessel, lighter or other craft having day goods on board not exceeding five tons burthen, theftitnmf two pence.,'»; hnr

For every such hoy, barge, vessel, lighter or other cn& hot exceeding ten tons, the sum of threepence. />T>Hcd, / -d For every such hoy, barge, vefTd, lighter or otherrta& «ct exceeding twenty five tons, six pence; .; nr d^tjoul?

And for every such hoy, barge, vessel, lighter nr other ohft 4*bove theburthenof twenty five tons, one shilling; no.i//o to«and except out offucfotqiis all % h> crafr$^sdhillbe

Iji - Icmsiii bgsied

loado^oniyt wtth'ftnw, trt«nure, <lwig, cetutoflior Umc^ fplx Exemption*

AIL Which tolli orfuros t>£ money shall from tknt to time be Payment of pardivithin the space 6f throe months after every such boy, the said toils barge, veflM, lighter or otter craft shall have patted through ^be made the said bridge; and if apy Owner or owners of any such hoy,

bapgc, vdftl; lighter or other craft which shall so pass through f the said bridge, shall for <he spaoe of three months neglect or twftife td> pay the tolls or rates herein before appointed to be paid \

for every suchhoy, bsrge, vessel, lighter or other craft which i fopU so pu& through the said bridge, he and they shall forfeit yuuA payjfor every offence the Aim of five pounds, to be levied ° Penalt7 of: fromrtinae to time by distrtis and sale of the goods and chattels 5l*

of Aerdspective owner or owners of any such hoy, barge, lighter, vessel or other craft which shall so pass through the said bridge, r together with the reasonable charges of every such difhefs and ifrde; aB frhfch forfeitures, when recovered, shall go and be applied to the uses of this &&.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the City may con. authority aforesaid, That it may and shall be lawful for the said pound with mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council assembled, fatal time to time to compound or agree by the year or otherwise with the owner or owners of any hoy, barge, vessel, lighter of tothttP craft having goods on board, to pass through the arches

i of the said bridge for such sum of money, and to be paid in [

fuich manner as the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in t

common council assembled, shall think fit or reasonable; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the autlmrity aforesaid, Owners name That from and after the twenty ninth day of Stptmhr one thousand seven hundred and fifty six the owner or owners of every

- hbyv barge, vessel, lighter or other craft (other than such crafts

vis ane herein before excepted) which shall, pase with goods on.botard through any of the arches of the said bridge, shall canfe p

her, ' her or their name or names and place or places of abode;

vtogetfater with the tonnage of such hoy*, barge, vessel, lighter or

other craft to be paifated on same conspicuous place 6r part there-

of; and the owner or owners of evcij such hoy, barge; vessel, lighter or other craft (except as aforesaid) who shall omit so to v do; shall, over and beftdes the toll herein before appointed to.., v be paid for passing through any of the arches of the said bridge, and the penalty herein before inflicted in case of non-payment -thereof, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings every time any such on penalty of hoy, barge, vessel, lighter or other craft (other than such crafts as are herein before excepted) (halt pass with goods onboard through any of the arches of the said bridge, without having the name or names and place or places of abode of the owner or owners thereof painted on. same confpkuou* place or part of such hoy, barge, vessel, lighter or other craft, /.as < aJfb the ton-

-tope thereof; and every such forfeiture shall be paid on the

t^wudon

convftion to tJ* informer,

tnd may be kvied by di-fcrefs and sale.

Justice may summon defaulter for son nay meat of torn, and iflbe hit warrant for levying thereof. See*

Tolls not rat able to any tax.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 46;

conpn'Ctibnr of every such offender or offenders bV t&v-fcOr, or their confession, or on the oath of one of more creqftile lyitnefr or witnesses t»efore any justice of the peace of the city", Cotirvty? divtfioo or place where such owneror owners fhaltfive 6t Dp found, to the person or persons who shall make information Of complaint to such justice of any such omission ordefaultas aforesaid, and on the offender or offenders.on such conyi^Uon refilling or neglecting to pay the money which shall be, forfeited as aforesaid, the same may and shall be levied bydifttefead, Jit* of the offenders goods, rendering to the owner or owpifs^eij: -of the overplus, if any, after the reasonable charges of ever* such distress and sale shall be paid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afdriffkid That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justiCfeToftft peace of any county, city or liberty, within whole jufififtAloi any person or persons subject and ponifhable by this act fb, peglecting or refuting to p, y any of the tolls or sums ofmphey herein before appointed to be paid for any such boy, barge, vessel, lighter or other craft which shall pats through aijy of 'thh arches of the said bridge with goods on board, or wh^fft'an neglect or refuse to pay any composition money agreed to bepatf by him, her.or them, in lieu of such tolls, shall reftde or bfc found, to summon before him or them the party or parties aq-cufed of neglect or, refusal to pay the same tolls or sums ofts<£-ney or composition money; and on appearance of the pa/rf^ accused, or on his, her or their contempt in not appearing,

on proof on oath by one of more credible witness or withers of the service of such summons or summonses on the pattyoy parties against whom the same was or were granted, 0? Of 1e£jr> tng the same at his, her or their usual place of abode, with fbnjfc person there, of his, her or their family, every such j^fc^atiA justices is and are hereby required to proceed to the examinitfbii of the witness or witnesses upon oath (which oath every Ibth justice is hereby authorized to administer) and thereupon lb hear, adjudge and determine concerning the matters complained of, and to issue warrants for recovering the money forfeited or due, by distress and sale of the offenders goods, so as this offender or offenders be thereof Erst duly convicted by any fetch justice in like manner as justices may do for any offences Committed within tb'eir respective jurisdictions and every such Warrant and act done by any such justice, and by any constable, headborough, tythingman or other person, in obedience to the warrant of any such justice, shall be as effectual' in laW, as If Hie same had been granted or done within the properOf their own jurisdiction.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the tolls and duties payable by this act shall not he rated or taxed for or towards the land tax, church, poor, or any bthCr rates or taxes, ward or parochial, or for or towards the Vepairx of any highways.

3. xmifld

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. -9.40, 53

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Talk, &c. That all and Angular the tolls and duties raised and imposed bv vested this act, and all other mouey which(hajl be levied or recovered, appfied for ^t^ or received by virtue hereof shall, from and after the said two* purposes of ty fourth day of June> be and the same are hereby vetted in the this act. said mayor, commonalty and citizens of London^ and their successors* and the money arising therefrom shall be recovered, accounted for, paid and applied in such manner, for such time, and for such purposes, as by this act is directeth

XXXIII. And for of much as the harrowing money upon the credit of this act will be the most effectual method to accompltjb the ends defined thereby \ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, the said mayor, aldermen and commons of the said city. Common

in, common council assembled, shall and may, and they are council may

hereby ii^powered from time to time to borrow under the common seal of the said city, upon the credit of the said tolls and of the tolls.1 J

duties created by this act, any sum or fu«is of money at'a rate or rates of inteceft not exceeding four pounds.per centum per annum> which said money so to be borrowed shall be applied to the purposes of this act.

XXXIV. And to the end the said tolls and duties may be duly accounted for, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen and commons of the said city of London, in common council assembled, to nominate and appoint a proper person or Clerk and persons to be their clerji or clerks, and such other officers un-dir them, fgr the execution of the powers hereby vetted in ^V0* them, as they shall deem proper; which clerk or clerks shall write and keep proper entries from time to time of all such matters, proceedings and things, as shall be dene in pursuance of this act; and likewise to nominate and appoint such person or persons to be receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the collector* to laid tolls or duties, as they shall think fit, who shall give fecu- gjvc founty. rity for the due accounting for, and paying into the chamber of the said city of London, the monies by them collected, and for their honesty and good behaviour in their office or place of collector or collectors, receiver or receivers y and all persons by this act liable to pay the said tolls or duties, or any of them, are ToWs to^required to pay the same, after the rates aforesaid, to such re- paid to them; ceiver or receivers, collector or collectors as aforesaid; and all who are to such receivers and collectors shall respectively pay the same into Pa7 same the chamber of the said city of London, and shall also upon oath chambe^6 {if thereunto required by the said court of mayor and aldermen) give in a true and perfect account in writing, under their re-lpeftive hands, of all money which they and every of themflttll to such time have received* paid and disbursed by virtue of this act, or by reafoo of their respective offices; and the said mayor, aldermen and commons of the said city of London, in common council assembled, shall and may, out of the monies arising or to be received by the said tolls, or otherwise, by virtue of this Salaries to be aft, mako such allowances unto such receiver and receivers, col- flowed to of-/ 1 '7 ' 6 lector*rg'

Common

council may ccNa^gmid.

Collector never to keep

f^A Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. [1756.

o, lc^pr and collectpf*, and all other officers and persons tabc cm* Jaj.n*' plpyedby or un<Jer them, for their care and pains in tJhief&etiuWori of their ^(pe<^iye offices, as they tfieTaid mayor, alcfdi4rierirrd commops, ^common council assembled, from tihne; \o kime Cotle&ors not shall think fit and reasonable; and in case ahyTuch leC$V^r &r remaking due ceivers, collector or QQlleftors of the aforesaid tolls ojr ^tifes/fo° Pai^ 315 aforesaid^> or any of them, shall not make fydh^Cr and payment, as by this ail is dlrested, according Jto the orders and directions of the said 'mayor, alderm^ ano 'commons, in common council assembled, then any justlceof1 j&Tfices of the peace for the said city of London shall commit fifih party or parties to his Majesty's gaol of Newgate, there to Y&pam without bail or mainprize, until they shall have made sf tWe account and payment as aforesaid, or compounded for' same

with the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in commotf cil assembled, and paid the money by every such bc^p6f^tj6hJ stipulated to be paia; which composition the said maybi:, aldermen and commons, in common council assembled, at=e: fiereby authorized from time to time to make and receive, iftbey-lhafl so thipk fit, in full satisfaction for all money that shall'beihed due from such person or persons.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every receiver or collector of any money payable by v if toe of more thap job this act, shall pay the money he or they shall receive, 'into the dumber of the city of London, as he or they shall receive the tfo* toUt/but same, in such manner that he or they shall never have a fEmd to pay the exceeding fifty pounds at a time in his or their hands ter the lame; into the spacq of ten days, provided the said chamber of London Be open chamber, ^receive the lame; and if any such receiver or collectof ftiatl keep or retain in his hands more than the said futri of fifty pounds longer than ten days, he and they shall respectively (of-<m penalty of^a°d pay the sum of five pounds for every offence, of W Well ^t.7 he or they shall be convicted before the mayor of the said dityof London, or any justice of the said city, by the oath of any one or mpre credible witness or witnesses, or by his or theiriCQrifeiffipn $ all which forfeitures shall be levied by distress and faJC of the offenders goods, rendering the overplus, if any, after the reasonable charges of such distress and sale shall be paid, to the'pwners thereof, and shall be recovered and applied to rile tries

of this act.

XXXVI. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being^ or such of his clerks who shall be appointed by him for this purpose, shall be obliged, and he and they is and are herteby required to give receipts for all money which shall be paid into the said chamber of London in pursuance of this act, wkhbtit fee

Vi 'or reward % and that the said chamberlain of the said cty'j&Lsit-|f; 'don for the time being is hereby authorized and requffCcL'brit of aifA'ttjflu*, >'^wh*?fi shall be so paid into xhe said chapifalrof tli£

rfitf.i fa fd city of London, under this act, and so far as the fa rile will

wdtf fnamtiie extend or be sufficient, from time to time tp answer aiifl JWv all

Jams

Chamberlain to give receipts for the aioney

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. 4$

which shall Jbe'dfawn -upon'ti?ofdj^dss tyVcommoa be pafq3y; the said mayor, aldermen and commons drth6 (ilacoulu^ city of f^ghdon* in common council assembled, for orm Vefpfedt of any rthing which shall be; dpe or payable by virtue t>f pr unr «fer thisijft.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

TlW there shall he provided and kept by the chamberlain of di$buTSi^ the of London for the time being, one or more book or books,0 which all the receipts and disbursements gf the money br^he arising <md received by virtue of this act shall from time to time chamberlain* fe f^hrly set down aon entered, truly expressing the times when, and tn^names of the persons respectively from and by whom the iamp were fp received, and to whom and for what uses or

Siuruofes the same shall have been disbursed; and an account of r 1

such receipts and payments shall be fairly drawn out and dated,

and signed by the said chamberlain once in every year, and deljvered by him to the said mayor, aldermen and commons of the said city, in common council assembled, who are hereby impowered from time to time to audit, or cause the same to be audited, and to settle the same; and after every such audit shall he(ipadc, the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time $£[ngtfhfill yearly lay before each house of parliament a true and Uid hb-> copy of every such account or an abstract thereof, within twenty fore paHia-9 days aifcr the opening of every session of parliament.

XXXVIII. Provided likewise, and it is hereby also further p6wef^f p^, enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the pow- tmgthisaS^ exM, nd authorities in and by this act given and granted to the in mayor, aldermen and commons of the said city of London* in common council assembled, shall and may at all times hereafter bp exercised and performed as fully and effectually to all intents find purposes whatsoever, by any committee who shall be appointed from time to time by the said mayor, aldermen and: t o- V commons of the said city of London, in common council assembled for putting in execution this act, or performing any mat* ter$ hereby directed to be done, according to the authorities Which from time to time by the said mayor, aldermcnand commons of the said city of London* in common council assembledi shall be delegated or given to such committee; and that all and every acts, matters and things which at any times hereafter shall be dope, or transacted by any such committee who shall be appointed as aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual to all intents ages purposes whatsoever, as if the same were or had been done, transacted or performed by the said mayor, aldermen and com- ti* jnons of the said city of London, in common council assembled s any thing in this act before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afbrfc- Order of justi-said. That no order which mall be made by any justice or justices by virtue of or under this act, or any other proceedings t6 qttaihed foe.w be torching the conviction or convictions of any offender waarofform, jQf offenders against this act, shall quashedor vacated for want

542 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 40. [1756.

of form only; or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

[Persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions.]

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved, by any orders or proceedings, of any justice or justices of the peace, which shall be made or had under this act, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the justices of the peace at their next general

quarter-sessions of the peace to be held for th* county, city or borough m which any-warrant (halt h? fogranfr* td, or order fomade; and the justices of such said generdf^toin-ter-sessions are hereby required to* bear and finally determine every such appeal and appeals,

[Court may award costs.]

and shall award to parties for whom such appeal shall be determined, such costs as to them m their diferetkm shall feetn reasonable, and shall raise and levy by their order or warrants such costs as shall be aw^rded by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any period* or persons who shall be ordered to pay the same*, m - v,

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority afcse&id* pairing this act That all the costs and charges of obtaining, or ty reason of to-bt paid out passing this act, shall, as soon as may be, be paid o\itpf the v ioney to be raised and received by virtue thereof.

[Tolls to continue till the principal and interest of money borrowed be repaid.]

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several tolls and duties hereby appointed to berailed and levied for the purposes aforesaid, fttall have continuant* tn^ be received, had, raised, collected and taken, until such tiiqcusd the money which shall be borrowed by virtue of this act, and the interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid.

[Limitation of actions.]

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action shall be brought, or suit commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance oT thbftly or in relation to the premisses, or any of them, such adidfr b* suit shall be laid or brought within six months next affci^tWf fact doneand shall be laid or brought in the city of London or county of Surry, and not elsewhere;

[General issue.]

and the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the general itsue, and this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial tb he had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and byamr thority of this act; and if the same shall appear to havohtw so done, or if any such action or suit shall not be brought Within the time before limited, or shall be brought in arwothe^A county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall Bod for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintifta shalt become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her or their action or actions t or if a verdict shall past against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or If upon demurrer judgment shall be given gainst the plaintiff or plaintiffs,

Charges of

[Treble costs.]

the said defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cases by law.

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 41-48. 543

[Publick act.]

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That this act shall be deemed a publick act, and shall be taken notice of by all judges, justices and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLI.

An act for explaining and amending two acts of parliament, one made in the eleventh year of this Majesty's reign (For repairing the road from Shoreditch church, through Hackney to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End in the county of Middlesex) and the other made in the twenty sixth year of his Majesty's reign (For enlarging the term and powers granted by the said former act) and for impowering the trustees to erect and maintain lamps, and keep a guard, upon the said roads in the night-time.

CAP. XLII.

An act for enlarging the cemetery or church-yard of the parish of Saint Mary Newington Butts in the county of Surry.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for making and widening a road from the east side of the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnall Green in the county of Middlesex, to the east end of Church Street in the said parish; and to open a way or road into Shoreditch and keeping the same in repair.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to enable the trustees for repairing Old Street road, to repair, widen, and make a road from the sign of the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the east side of Holy, Well Mount, and through a certain ground to the sign of The Lopdon Apprentice, in the parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex; or to lay open, repair, and widen a road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old street road in the said county.

CAP. XLV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond belonging to Henry Eyre esquire, in the parish of Whiteparish in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey infra, to Hundred Bridge in the county of Southampton; and from thence to the county of the town of Southampton.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for repairing and widening the high roads from Basingstoke, through Popnam Lane, Sutton-Scotney and Stockbridge in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner in the county of Wilts; and also for repairing and widening the road from Spittle-house over Wey-hill, to Mullen's Pond in the said county of Southampton.

CAP. XLVII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for establishing, maintaining, and well governing, a nightly watch within the city of Bristol.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for rebuilding the common gaol for the county of Derby, upon a place called Nun's Green, in the liberty of the town of Derby; and for appointing a proper place for the safe Custody of prisoners, until such new gaol shall be compleated; and to impower the justices of the peace for the said county to pay the relit reserved to the corporation for the said ground, out of the county rates.

544 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 49, — 58. [1756.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the town of Mere in the county of Wilts, and through Wincanton, to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port; and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the west end of Long Lane in Kilmington; and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn turnpike cross-gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton, to Sparkford, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. L.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from and near the town of Brewton in the county of Somerset.

CAP. LI.

An act for repairing and widening the several roads, from the town of Tewkesbury to Coscomb Gate; and from Isabel's Elm to the top of Gotherington Hill, in the county of Gloucester; and from Tewkesbury to a farm house, called The Old Blue Bell, and to the direction post in the parish of Ripple, and to Simmond's Ford brook, and from Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the county of Worcester; and from Tewkesbury to Wainload's Bridge, and to the road opposite to Elstone church, and from the market-house in Cheltenham, to the turnpike road from Burford to Gloucester, near a tree called Pewsdon Ash in the said county of Gloucester.

CAP. LII.

An act for repairing and widening the several roads leading from a gate called Poole Gate in the town and county of Poole.

CAP. LIII.

An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and beetles, and cleaning, enlightening, and paving the streets, squares, lanes, and other passages, and repairing the highways and causways, and regulating the poor within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the top of Harnham Hill, near the city of New Sarum, in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Blandford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain intrenchment on Askerwell Hill in the county of Dorset.

CAP. LV.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter.

CAP. LVI.

An act for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield in the county of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge in the county of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain coal mines in the said parish.

CAP. LVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging and preserving the harbour of Ellenfoot in the county of Cumberland.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the city of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the county of Gloucester.

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 59, -67. 545

CAP. LIX.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the town of Ludlow in the county of Salop.

CAP. LX.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the Market House in the town of Much Wenlock in the county of Salop.

CAP. LXI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Coleham Bridge in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common, to the May Pole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge, to Longdon in the county of Salop.

CAP. LXII.

An act to enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a lease or leases of certain pieces of ground, messuages, tenements and hereditaments, comprized within certain limits, for a longer term of years than they are at present enabled to grant.

CAP. LXIII.

An act to impower the churchwardens, overseers of the poor, and vestry of the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, to make a rate or rates for the relief of the poor, and the better repairing of the high-ways, and cleaning the streets within the said parish.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Shrewsbury, to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shrey-hill in the county of Salop.

CAP. LXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the town of Kington, in the county of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same county extends, and the several roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Brilley's Mountain, to Earnisley, to Almely, to Ecklcy's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House in said the county of Hereford.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act passed in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge; and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon; and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for applying an omission in an act passed in the last session of parliament, for repairing the roads from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch in the county of Leicester, so far as the same relates to that part of the said road which leads from the town of Hinckley in the county of Leicester, to the town of Nuneaton; and from thence through the parishes of Chilvers Coton and Bedworth, to Bishops Gate in the city of Coventry.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by several acts of parliament for repairing the highways between Sheppard's Shord and the Devizes, and from Stert Stone in the parish of Urshfont, to Rowd Ford in the county of Wilts; and for changing and altering part of the

546 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 68-77. [1756.

said highways; and for repairing the road from the top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the several roads from the town of Pool in the county of Montgomery, to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, and also the road from Knockin in the county of Salop, to Llanrhaiader in Mochnant in the county of Denbigh.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, two several acts of parliament, one of them passed in the thirteenth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable; and the other made in the eleventh year of his late majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former act.

CAP. LXX.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the high road leading from Darlington in the county of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other roads in the said county therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the same.

CAP. LXXI.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds through Harwood to the south west corner of the inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches, out through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Borough- Bridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourse on Hutton Moor in the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for changing and altering two several roads directed to be amended and widened by an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several roads leading from the borough of Truro in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for building a bridge across the river Wye, from the town of Hay in the county of Brecon, to the opposite shore in the county of Radnor.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for the better supplying the city of Edinburgh with fresh and wholsome water.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for compleating and finishing a new church; and laying out and inclosing a cemetery thereto, in the island of Portland.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for enlarging and altering the term and powers granted by an act made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, for effectually amending and repairing the road leading from Wansford Bridge in the county of Northampton, to the town and borough of Stamford in the county of Lincoln; and for repairing the road from the borough of Stamford to Stappleford Bridge, in the parish of Ryhall in the county of Rutland: and from thence to Bourne in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Farringdon in the county of Berks, to the town of Cricklade, and from thence to the town of Malmesbury in the county of Wilts, and the road from thence to join the turnpike road at Acton Turville in the county of

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 78 — 87. 547.

Gloucester; and also the rood from Tetbury in the said county, through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge; and the road from Sherston, to join the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for the better paving and amending, cleaning, enlightening and watching the streets, highways, lanes and passages, within the town of Shrewsbury in the county of Salop.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, in the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road from the town of Bowes in the county of York, to Barnard Castle in the county of Durham; and from thence through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland; and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge; and from thence by Milderston Gill, to the turnpike road near Sunderland Bridge in the county of Durham; and for making the same more effectual.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study, to Chilton Pond; and from the top of Hinksey Hill, to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the road leading to Farringdon in the county of Berks.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the White Stoop, near the north end of the town of Derby, through the towns of Duffield and Chesterfield in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield in the county of York: and from the said town of Duffield, to the Moot Hall in the town of Wirksworth in the said county of Derby.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the high road from the borough of Ripon by Ingram Bank, to the town of Pately Bridge in the county of York.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the north end of Dunsby Lane, to the south west corner of Riseholm Hedge, and to Catholm Gate, Drinsey Nooke, and Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries, and from the north end of Waddington Field, and the bridge over the river Witham, at Bracebridge, to the city of Lincoln, and from the gate at the foot of Canwicke Hill, to the great bargates of the said city; and for enforcing the performance of Statute-work upon the highways, communicating with the said roads, to a certain distance from the said roads.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the east side of Lincoln Heath, to the city of Peterborough; and from the east end of Marbam Lane, to the town of Walton in the county of Northampton; and from the town of Bourn, to the town of Costerworth; and from Donington High Bridge, to the cross post in the parish of Hacconby; and from the east end of a lane called Hale Drove, to and through the town of Old Sleaford, to the end of Long Hedge in the parish of Quarrington in the county of Lincoln.

---

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from Black Fryars in the city of London, to the opposite side in the county of Surry.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for regulating the nightly watch and beadels, and better enlightening, paving, and cleaning the streets and other passages, and repairing the

548 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 88-94. [1756.

highways within the parishes of Saint John Wapping, Saint Paul Shadwell, the hamlet of Ratcliffe, the parish of Saint Anne in the county of Middlesex, and the precinct of Well Close in the liberty of the Tower of London.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act to enable the respective trustees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge in the county of Middlesex, to make a new road from the great northern road at Islington, to the Edgware road near Paddington, and also from the north end of Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pye House Fields, into the said new road; and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several acts for repairing the said road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for rebuilding the parish church, and enlarging the church yard of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. XC.

An act to enable the proprietors and inhabitants of houses in York Buildings, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the county of Middlesex, to make and levy a rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the expence of rebuilding or repairing of the terrace walk and water-gate, and such other part of the premises adjoining to the river Thames and belonging to the said buildings, as shall be judged necessary, and for keeping the same in repair for the future.

CAP. XCI.

An act for explaining and making more effectual an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the east end of Brampton High Lane in the county of York, to the town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the towns of Askrigg and Ingleton in the said county, to the town of Lancaster in the county of Lancaster; and also for repairing the road leading from Richmond aforesaid, through Gilling, Melsonby and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Lousy Cross, and from Gilling through Gilling Town Lane, to the turnpike road on Gatherly Moor.

CAP. XCII.

An act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an act of parliament made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the top of White Sheet Hill in the parish of Donhead Saint Andrew in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Shaftsbury, Milborne Port and Sherborne, in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half-way House in the parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said county of Dorset, and several other roads near the towns of Shaftsbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing other roads adjoining to the roads in the said former act mentioned.

CAP. XCIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act for repairing the road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other roads therein mentioned, and the road from Wrexham to Chester, and from thence to Pen Fordd y Waen in the parish of Whitford, and also the road from Broughton to Mold in the county of Flint.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for amending, repairing, and widening the roads leading from the Rye-way in the parish of Yarpole in the county of Hereford to Presteigne in the county of Radnor, and from thence to Leintwardine, and from Presteigne aforesaid, to the top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye-way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton in the county of Salop.

The End of the Twenty First Volume.

