Statutes at lUrge,

FROM THE

15th to the 20th Year of King George II,

B V

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, E%

Hosted by Google

Statutes at ilarjje.

FROM THE

15th to the 20th Year of King George II.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

t————<-*- '	'	'	  ■	■	■	■	—	■■	■	■■	■"1 ■ "	....

VOL. XVIII.

By DAN BY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq;

Reader of the Law Ledure to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE, Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppofite St. Dunftarfs Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1765.

CUM PRinLEGIQ.	,

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all fuch A£ts as are extant in print, from the Fourteenth to the Twentieth Year of King George II.

Anno 15	16	Georgiill.

Cap.	continuing	the	du-

Jl ties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England\ and for granting to his Majefcy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two.

Cap, 2i To repeal fo much of an a£»: palled in the latt fellion of parliament, intituled, An aft for the prefervation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as obliges perfons not travelling for hire to make ufe of waggons with wheels bound with ftreaks or tyre of a certain breadth, or the faid ttreaks to be fattened • with nails of a certain lize.

Cap. 3. For granting to his Majetty a certain fum out of the linking fund, towards the fupply for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two.

Cap. 4. For punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For continuing and making more effectual an adt made in the feventh year of the reign of his late majetty King George the Firtt., intituled. An a hi for repairing the road from Wendover to the town of Buckingham in the county fl/'Bucks; and for budding a bridge at Pad-

VoL. XVIII.

bury, and making it a county bridge.

Cap. 6. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one of the eighth year of the reign of her late majetty Queen Anne, and the other of the ninth year of the reign of his late majetty King George the Firtt, for repairing the highways between the houfe commonly called the Horfhoe Houfe, in the parilh of Stoke Gold-ington in the county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton, and the road from the north bridge * of Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks, to the Horfhoe Houfe.

Cap. 7. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an acf patted in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majetty King George the Firtt, intituled, An aft for repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromfgrove to the town of Dudley in the county of Worcetter; and from the faid town of Bromfgrove to the town of Birmingham in the county of Warwick; fo far as the faid ac51 relates to repairing theroads leading from the town of Dudley to the town of Bromfgrove in the county of Worcejier; and for making the fame more effectual.

Cap. 8. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one lixth part of a. penny tterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which lhall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the town a ‘	of

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the S TATUTES.

of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof.

Cap. g. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two ads of parliament, one of the firft, and the other of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the county of Middlefex; and for amending the road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the parifhes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Eal-ing, to the great weftern road in the faid county.

Cap. io. For explaining, amending, and making more effectual two ads ^>f parliament; one palled in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majefty King William the Third,for erecting workhoufes, and houfes of corredion, in the town of Kingjlon upon Hull, for the employment and maintenance of the poor there; and the other paired in the eighth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, for the more effectual provifion of the poor in the faid town.

Cap. ii. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Qreat Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two.

Cap. 12. To explain and amend an ad paffed in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft ta enable the parijbioners of Saint Catharine Coleman, in Fenchurch Street, in the city of London, to rebuild the church of the faid pariflj; and for making the faid ad more effectual for the pur-pofes thereby intended.

Cap. 13. For eftablifhing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, towards th& fupply for the fervice of

the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two.

Cap. 14. To explain and amend two ads of parliament, one made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne*, intituled. An aft for repairing the highways ■from Sheet Bridge in the parijh of Petersfield, to the town of Portf-mouth in the comity of Southampton; and another ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for enlarging the term in and by the faid ad granted, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned, and for enlarging the term and powers by the faid laft mentioned ad granted.

Cap. 15. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for repairing the roads leading from Cirencefter towiis-end to Saint John’s Bridge in the comity of Gloucefter.

Cap. 16. For continuing the powers granted by three feveral ads of parliament, one for repairing the road from Stump-crofs to Newmarket-heathy and the town of Cambridge ; another for repairing the road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and the third for explaining, a-mending, and rendering more ef-fedual, the faid two former ads; and for enlarging the terms granted by the faid two former ads.

Cap. 17. For enlarging the term and . powers granted by an ad paffed in the feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the feveral roads leading from the town of Ledbury in the county of Hereford, to the feveral places therein mentioned; and for making the faid ad more effedual.

Cap. 18. To render more effeduat an ad made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late ma-

jeftjr

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

jefty King William the Thirdintituled, An aft for erefting hofpitals and workboufes within the town of Colchefter in the county of Effex, for the better employing and maintaining the poor thereof.

Cap. 19. For granting to his Majefty the funl of eight hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed by annuities transferrable at the bank of England \ and for afcertaining the cu-ftoms and duties upon quickfilver taken as prize during the prefent war; and for the further appropriating thefupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

Cap. 20. To prevent the counterfeiting of gold and lilverlace; and for fettling and adjufting the proportions of fine fiver and filk; and for the better making of gold and filver thread.

Cap. 21. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices, employments, and promotions, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe.

Cap. 22. To exclude certain officers from being members of the houfe of commons*

Cap. 23. For fecuring to John Byrotn, mafier of arts, the foie right of publishing, for a certain term of years, the art and method of (hort-hand, invented by him.

Cap. 24. To impower the jufiices of the peace of a liberty or corporation, to commit offenders to the houfe of correction of the county, riding, or divifion, in which fuch liberty or corporation is fituate.

Cap. 25. To impower the importers or proprietors of rum or fpirits of the Britif) fugar plantations to land the fame before payment of the duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in ware-houfes at their own expence; and for the relief of Ralph Barrow, in refpeft to the duty on feme rock

fait, loft by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane.

Cap. 26. For the better enabling the commiffioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the city of Wejhninfter, to the oppofitQ fhore in the county of Surrey, to finifh the faid bridge, and to perform the other trufts repofed in them, and for enlarging the time for exchanging of tickets unclaimed in the Jaft lottery for the faid bridge, and to make provifion for tickets in the faid lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

Cap. 27. For the more effedlual pre-*> venting any cloth, or woollen goods remaining upon the rack, or tenters, or any woollen yarn, or wool left out to dry, from being ftolen, or taken away in the n:ght-time.

Cap. 28. For the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying of falfe or counterfeit coin.

Cap. 29. For granting to his Majefty an additional duty on foreign cam-bricks, imported into Great Britain; and for allowing thereout, a. bounty upon certain fpecies of Britijh and Irijh linens exported.

Cap. 30. To prevent the marriage of lunaticks.

Cap. 31. For further regulating the plantation trade; and for relief of merchants importing prize goods from America, and for preventing collufive captures there; and for obliging the claimers of vefifels feiz-ed for exportation of wool, or any unlawful importation, to give fe~ curity for cofts; and for allowing EaJl India goods to be taken out of warehoules, in order to be cleaned and refrefhed.

Cap. 32. For preventing the mifchief$ which may happen by keeping dangerous quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Wef.minfer,

a 2	Cap.	33.

Hosted by Google

A.TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 33. To revive feveral ads for the punifhment of perfons deftroy-ing turnpikes, or locks or other works erected by authority of parliament, and for other purpofes therein mentioned; and to continue feveral ads relating to rice, to frauds in the cuftoms, to the clandeftine running of goods, and to copper ore of the Britijh plantations; and for extending the liberty given by the ad of the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for carrying fugar of the growth of the Britijh fugar colonies in America, to (hips belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjeds redding in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and for the more effedual preventing the cutting of liar or bent.

Cap. 34. To explain an ad made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An at7 to render the laws more effectual for preventing the ff eating and de-Jlr eying of fheep and other cattle.

Cap. 35. To continue feveral laws for the encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain, and of the filk manufadures of this kingdom; and for allowing a drawback on the exportation of copper bars; and to explain a claufe of an ad made in the laft feflion of parliament, to prohibit the exportation of corn, and other things therein mentioned; and to give further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrads of clerks and apprentices.

Private Adis.

Anno. 15 & 16 Georgii II.

I.	An ad to enable Alexander Popham efquire, and his heirs, to take and ufe the furname of Lufcombe, according to the directions of the laid

will and teftament of Richard Luf-combe efquire, deceafed.

2.	An ad for naturalizing John

Chrijloph Gobi, Hans Bardewieck, and others.

3.	An ad for confirming and efta-blifhing certain articles of agreement and an indenture between the right honourable Francis earl Go dolphin and the dean and chapter of Ely, for making a partition and divifion of a certain heath, or heath-ground, in the county of Cambridge, and for rendering the fame agreement and indenture more effedual, for the purpofes therein mentioned.

4.	An ad for diffolving and difan-nexing from the crown, and the patrimony thereof, the earldom of Orkney, and the lord (hip of Zetland, and for veiling the fame irredeemable in fames earl of Morton, and his heirs, difeharged from any power or right of redemption in his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors.

5.	An ad for veiling the fettled eftatc of Henry lord Mont fort, in the county of IVorcefer, in truftees, in trull to fell the fame, and to lay out and apply the money arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of lairds and hereditaments in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolky or one of them.

6.	An ad for explaining a claufe con-tamed in an ad made in the eleventh and twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King William the Third, int tuled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majcffy by fale of the forfeited and other ejlates and ini erf sin Ireland, and by a land tax in England, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, whereby feveral grants made by his Majefty to Sir Thomas P re? id erg a ft baronet, deceafed, of feveral lands, tenements, and hereditaments, part of the laid forfeited eftates and interefts in Ireland, were ratified and confirmed.

'7. An

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

7.	An aft-to "enable Six Clement Cottrell knight, and other the devifees of the real eftate of lieutenant general "James Dormer deceafed, to take and ufe the furname of Dor-mery purfuant and according to the tenor and purport of the will of the fa id James Dormer.

8.	An aft for making the exemplification of the laft wills of John Pigott the elder, late of Brockley in the county of Somerfet efquire, and "of John Pigott efquire, his fon, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland; and to enable John Biggs Pigott efquire, formerly called John Biggs, and his progeny and defcendants, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Pigott only, purfuant to the will of the faid John Pigott the fon.

9.	An aft to enable John Rolle efquire, and his heirs, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Walter, according to the direftion of the laft will and teftament of Sir Robert Walter baronet, deceafed.

jo. An aft to enable Bucklmd Bluett efquire, and his heirs, to take and ufe the name of Nutcombe, according to the fettlement made by Richard Nut combe efquire, deceafed.

11.	An aft for naturalizing John Boucher.

12.	An aft for naturalizing Ifaac Nicholas Duqueruy, and Michael Henry Duqueruy, and others.

13.	An aft for the more effeftually carrying into execution certain articles of agreement made before and in confideration of the marriage of the honourable Philip Yorke efquire, with the mod honourable Jemima marchionefs Grey; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

14.	An aft to enable George Warren efquire, his heirs and afligns, to make a fluice or tunnel through part of the glebe belonging to the reftory of Stockport, in the county <pf Chejler, and to ufe and enjoy the

fame, for conveying water to Stock-port mills.

15.	An aft for making articles of agreement entered into by Amos Meredith efquire, and Johanna his wife, as well in her own behalf as in behalf of their feven children, all infants, and by Thomas AJheton efquire, in behalf of his fon an infant, touching the partition of the eftate of Robert Cholmondeley, late of Holford in the county of Chejlery efquire, deceafed, now remaining unfold, obligatory on the faid infants, and rendering the faid partition effeftual and binding to all parties.

16.	An aft to eftablifh and confirm articles of agreement relating to the tithes and certain glebe lands, within the parifh of Leigh, in the county of Worcejler.

17.	An aft to enable Percy Wyndham efquire, and other the devifees of Henry earl of Thomond and vifcount Tadcajler, deceafed, to take and ufe the furname of Obrien, purfuant to the will of the faid earl of Thomond and vifcount Tadcajler.

18.	An aft for enabling William Mor-den efquire, and his heirs male, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Harbor d, purfuant to the defire of Harbord Harbord efquire, deceafed.

iq. An aft for exemplifying the laft: will of Arthur, late earl of Anglefey, and for making the fame evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

20.	An aft for naturalizing Daniel Beaufort, John Girardot de Chan-court, and John Cahuac.

21.	An aft for the fale of certain pieces or parcels of ground, mef-fuages, and buildings, at Park-place, in the parifh of Saint James, in the county of Middlefex, part of the fettled eftate of Charles duke of Grafton; and for fettling other lands to the fame ufes, in lieu thereof.

a 3	£2.	An

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Z2. An a<5t for repealing a power in the marriage fettlement of Thomas duke of Leeds fN\\h Maryhxs now wife, and for creating a new power inftead thereof; and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

2?. An act for the fale of two clofes of meadow ground in Weft Harnam in the county of Wilts, being the fettled eftate of John Horne, unto the right honourable Henry earl of Pembroke, and his heirs; and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of another eftate, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

$4. An act to im power Henry earl of CarliJIe to make leafes of coal mines and coal works, lying within his fettled eftates in the county of Northumberland, for any term not exceeding ninety nine years.

25. An adl for veiling all the manors, towns, lands, chiefries, fee-farm rents, and other hereditaments •whatfoever, in the feveral counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sligoe, and effewhere, in the kingdom of Ire-land, late the eftate of Francis earl of Carlingford, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for the payment of his debts, and other the purpofes therein mentioned.

26* An ad for veiling the feveral caftles, manors, towns, lands, and hereditaments of Mountague, lord vifcount Blundell, in the county of Dczvne in the kingdom of Ireland, in truftees, for railing (after the death of the faid vifcount) the fum of ten thoufand pounds for the portion of Alary, lady Raymond, his daughter; and for other pur*-pofes therein mentioned.

27. An act to enable James Qavendlfh efquire, commonly called lord James Cavendifh, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office, as auditor general of his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himfelf for the enjoyment of the faid office,

6

28. An ad to prevent Sir Job Brooke baronet, a lunatick, from marrying during his lunacy.

2g. An ad for confirming certain eftates in the county of Hertford, heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charles Buck, baronet, deceafed, to the truftees of Fulke Greville efquire, during his minority, to him and his faid truftees, difcharged from the equity of redemption, which the infant fon and heir of the faid Sir Charles Buck now hath therein, and in full fatisfadion for principal and intereft due thereon; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

30.	An ad to impower the truftees named in the will of Sir William Po'e baronet, deceafed, to make leafes of part of his eftate, during the^ minority of his fon Sir John

31.	An a6l for veiling part of the marriage portion of Mary, lite wife of John Walcot efquire, and alfo part of his fettled eftate in truftees for railing money to pay debts; and for fecuring an equivalent for the fame, for the benefit of his heir male.

32.	An ad for fale of feveral fettled eftates of Walter Radcliffe efquire, lying in the county of Devon; and for laying out the monies arifing from fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands in the faid county of Devon> of equal value, to be fettled to the lame ufes, in lieu thereof.

33.	An ad for fale of certain eftates of Valentine Knightly efquire, i'n the county of Northampton; and for fettling another eftate in the fame county, to the fame ufes, in lieu thereof.

34.	An ad for veiling the fettled eftate of Michael Harvey efquire, in the county of Leicefer, in truftees, to be fold; and for applying the money arifing by filch fale for difeharging the incumbrances af-feding his eftate in the county of

Surreyj

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the

Surrey; and for fettling that eftate in lieu of the Leicejlerjhire eftate, and to the fame ufes.

35.	An aCl for confirming a conveyance from the furviving truftees of the charity eftablifhed by the will of John Bently efquire, deceafed, of the undivided fixth part of Picket's Field, in the county of Middle-fex, to the furviving aflignees under the commiftion of bankruptcy a-warded againft William Hammond, late of Change Alley, London, gold-fmith and banker, deceafed.

36.	An a61 for fettling certain mef-fuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Great Driffield^ in the county of York, part of the eftate of James Manuel, late of New Malton in the fame county, deceafed, to the ufes mentioned in certain articles of a-greement made between the widow and the daughters and coheirs of the faid John Manuel.

37.	An a& for veiling part of the fettled eftate of Robert Lucas efquire, and Mary his wife, in truftees, to be fold; and for applying part of the money arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of an eftate contracted for, in order to be fettled together with other lands of the faid Robert Lucas, as an equivalent for the faid fettled eftate, and to the like ufes.

38.	An a6t to enable William Nor they, an infant, to fettle the lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the county of Wilts, for the benefit of himfelf, and any woman he fir all marry, and their iflue, notwith-ftanding his infancy \ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

39.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fields, land, waftes, and uninclofed grounds within the manor and parilh of Wotton Under-wood, in the county of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain exchanges therein mentioned.

40.	An ail for confirming and efh-

STATUTES.

blifhing an exchange agreed to be made of certain lands in the parifh of Sutton in the county of Bedford9 between Sir Roger Burgoyne, baronet, lord of the manor, and doctor Crane, reClor of the church of Sutton, in order to promote and facilitate the inclofure of the common fields and common grounds in the faid parifh ; and for fecuring to the faid reClor an equivalent for his tithes arifing in the faid parifh of Sutton.

41.	An aCl to enable John Daflowood and William Payne efquires, and their refpeCtive iftue male, and other the devifees of the eftate of John King, doClor in divinity, deceafed, to take and ufe the furname of King only, according to the direction of the codicil to the will of the faid doClor King.

42.	An ad for dividing and inclofing, fetting out and allotting,certain common fields and inclofures, within the manor and parifh of Aflon-Canilow in the county of Warwick,

43.	An aCt for fale of the eftates late of James Walfmgham efquire, deceafed, lying in the counties of Surrey, EJfex, Norfolk, and Cambridge fot rating money to difcharge the incumbrances affeCling the fame, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

44.	An aCl for fale of part of the eftates of Edward Bayntun Rolt efquire, to raife money for the payment of debts affeCling the fame, and of portions for his younger brothers and lifter, charged thereon by the fettlement of their uncle John Bayntun efquire, deceafed, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

45.	An ad to enable John Probyn efquire, lately called John Plop kins, and his defendants, to take and ufe the furname of Probyn, purfuant to the will of Sir Edmund Probyn knight, deceaied.

a 4	46.	An

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the

46.	An aft for naturalizing Peter Holjien.

Anno 16 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three.

Cap. 2. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon

- malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that of Great Britain called Scotland^ for the fervice .of this year one thouiand feven hundred and forty three.

Cap. 3. For repairing the road from Bows in the county of York to Brough under Slainmore in the county of Wejlmoreland.

Cap. 4. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafted in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty for the more effectual amending the highway between Hockliffe and Woburn in the county of Bedford; and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Tixford Bridge in Newport fagnel in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 5. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for repairing the feve-ral roads leading from the town of Warminfter in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 6. To enable the prefent and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houfes in Charierhoufe Square in the county of Middlefex, to make a rate for raifmg money effeftually to inclofe, pave, watch, clean, and improve the laid fquare, and to continue the fame in repair.

Cap. 7. For repairing the high road from Borough Bridge in the county

STATUTES.

of York) to Catherick in the fame county, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the river Tees.

Cap. 8. For repealing certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences for retaling the fame, and for laying other duties on fpiritu-ous liquors, and on licences to retale the faid liquors.

Cap. 9. To enable the parifhioners of the parifh of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the city of London, to raife a certain fum of money, for payment of debts already contraft-ed for the relief and maintenance of the poor of the faid parifh.

Cap. 10. For repairing the roads leading from Marlborough through Weft Rennet to Shepperd’s Shord; and from the Hare and Hounds in Beclhampton, to the top of Cherill-Hill; and from the town of Avebury to the crofs-way at Beckhamp-ton in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 11. To explain and amend the laws touching the eleftions of members to ferve for the commons in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to reftrain the partiality, and regulate the conduft of returning officers at fuch eleftions.

Cap. 12. For repealing the feveral rates and duties upon victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of London and Weft-minfter, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for transferring the exchequer bills unfatisfied thereupon, to the duties for licences to fell fpirituous liquors and ftrong waters by retail; and alfo for enabling his Majefty to raife a certain fum of money for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, to be further charged on the faid duties for licences.

Cap. 13. Forraiftngby annuities and a lottery in manner therein mentioned;, the fum of one million

eight

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

eight hundred thoufand pounds,	Birdlip-Hill, being the road to

at three pounds per centum per an-	London; and from the foot of the

tillin', for the fervice of the year	faid hill to the top of Crickley-Hilf

one thoufand feven hundred and forty three.

Cap. 14. To punifh mutiny and de-fertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 15. For the more eafy and ef-fedtual convidtion of offenders found at large within the kingdom of Great Britain, after they have been ordered for tranfportation.

Cap. 16- For enlarging the term and powers granted by an a6t paffed in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the more effectual repairing the roads leading from Wade’s Mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royfton in the faid county.

Cap. 17. For the relief of infolvent debtors.

Cap. 18. To empower juftices of the peace to acl in certain cafes, relating to parifhes and places, to the rates and taxes of which they are rated or chargeable.

Cap. 19. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an a6l paffed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for repairing and amending the highways from the north part of Harlow-buffi common in the parif of Harlow to Woodford in the county of Effex.

Cap. 20. To explain and amend an a6t paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch, to Hillmor-ton in the county of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End in the town of Northampton.

Cap. 21. For continuing and making more effedlual an a61 paffed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the highways from the city of Gloucefler to the top of

being the road to Oxford.

Cap. 22. For repairing the road leading from the town of Cirencejler in the county of Gloucefler, to a place called the Monument upon Lanfdown in the fame county.

Cap. 23. For continuing an a61 made in the thirteenth year of ‘the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for amending and repairing the roads from Luton in the county of Bedford, to Weftwoodgate in the faid county, and for repairing the roads from Luton to Saint Alban’s in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 24. For rectifying miftakes in the names of the commiftioners for the land tax for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and for the appointing other perfons, together with thofe named for the faid year, to put in execution an act of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice cf the year one thou-find feven hundred and forty three.

Cap. 25. For granting to his Majefty the fum of one million out of the finking fund, and for applying a further fum therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three; and for the further appropriating the iupplies granted in this feftion of parliament.

Cap. 26. For continuing feveral laws relating to the allowance upon the exportation of Britifh made gunpowder; to the importation of naval {lores from the Britijbcolonies in America \ to the additional number of one hundred hackney chairs; and to the powers given for regulating hackney coaches and chairs ; for puni filing the venders of un-

ftatpped

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ftamped news papers; for allowing the importation of hemp or flax manufaftured in Ireland,though not fworn to be of the growth of Ireland; and for the relief of Bryan Blundell, in refpeft to the duty on fome white fait loft in a ftorm at fea.

Cap. 27. To continue an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to prevent the eommitting of frauds by bankrupts.

Cap. 28. To make the hamlet of Bethnal Green in the parifhof Saint Dunjlan* Stepney, in the county of Middlefex, a feparate and diftinft parifh, and for erefting a parifh church therein.

Cap. 29. For allowing carts to be drawn with four horfes.

Cap. 30. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe; and alfo for amending fo much of an aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for preventing dangers which may happen from popiflo recufants, as relates to the time for receiving the facrament of the Lord's fuppjer now limited by the faid aft.

Cap. 31. For the further punifhment of perfons who fhall aid or aftift prifoners to attempt to efcape out of lawful cuftody.

Cap. 32. For allowing further time for the inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and for relief of proteftant purchasers, devifees, and leffees.

Private Adis.

Anno 16 Georgii II.

£. An a cl for naturalizing Daniel Viators, Peter Thome gay, and others.

2.	An act for vefting divers lands

and hereditaments in Sturton and Walker high am, in the county of Nottingham, entailed by the will of Evelyn late duke of Kingf on, de-ceafed, in Evelyn now duke of Kingfon, in fee fimple, difcharged' of the ufes, trufts, and limitations of the faid will; and for fettling in lieu thereof, other lands and hereditaments, of greater value, to the like ufes.

3.	An a6t for confirming and efta-blifhing a partition, made between the coheirs of the late marquifs of Halifax, of divers eftates therein mentioned, and other purpofes in this aft exprefied.

4.	An aft to empower two of the truftees named in the marriage of fettlement of the late lord Petrey de-ceafed, to grant leafes, without the concurrence of the other truftee named in the faid fettlement.

5.	An aft for reftoring Francis duke of Buccleughy to the dignities and titles of earl of Doncafer and baron Scot of lindal.

6.	An aft for exchanging part of the glebe lands and hereditaments belonging to the vicarage of Nuneaton in the county of Warwicky for the reftorial tythes, and certain lands in the parifh of Nuneaton, belonging to the impropriator.

7.	An aft for fale of the manor of Bath-hampton, being the eftate of Charles Holder efquire, for payment of incumbrances affefting the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

8.	An aft for making perpetual an agreement for the exchange of lands for tithes made between Evelyn Chqdwicke efquire, lord of the manor of TVeJl Leak in the county of Nottingham, and Granville Wheeler Ctxk, reftor of the parifh church there.

9.	An aft to enable truftees named in the fettlement and will of Robert Trefufis efquire, deceafed, during

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ihe minority of his fon Robert• Cotton Trefujis, ta make leafes of part of his eftate in the county of Cornwall,

jo. An ad for impowering Thomas Fitzherbert the younger, efquire, tp make jointures during the life-time of Thomas Fitzhertbert efquire, his father, and alfo to grant annuities to his younger fons, in fuch manner as is therein mentioned.

11.	An ad for fale of the fettled eftates of William Gore efquire, deceafed, in the county of Middlefex and city pf London, for payment of his debts and legacies; and for rendering a power, contained in his will, more effedual.

12.	An ad for enabling Thomas Gape and Jofeph Gape efquires, to make jointures, and leafes, of the eftates devifed to them refpedively by the will of William Gape efquire, their late father, deceafed.

13.	An ad to impower Anna Norris widow, mother and guardian to John Norris an infant, to grant one or more building leafe or leafes of certain meffuages, and a piece or parcel of ground in Fenchurch~Jlreet> in the parifh of Saint Benedi£!> Gracechurch, London,

14.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain common fields within the parifh, of Great Brington in the county of Northampton,

15.	An ad for confirming and rendering more effedual certain articles of agreement, and an award, for inclofing and dividing certain common fields and common downs, within the manor and parifh of AJlon Tirrold in the county of Berks,

16.	An ad for the inclofing and dividing the common fields and wafte grounds, lying within the manor of Dummer, in the parifh of Dum-mer^ in the county of Southampton,

17.	An ad for confirming, eftablifh-ing, and making effedual certain

articles of agreement made and entered into for inclofing and dividing feveral common fields lying in Earley, in the parifh of Soning in the county of Berks, and for exchanging feveral ancient inclofures in Earley aforefaid.

18.	An ad for inclofing and dividing the common or moor called Elving-ton Moor, within the manor and parifh of Elvington in the copnty of York.

19.	An ad for making the exemplification of the fettlement made by James earl of Anglefea, on his marriage with Katharine now duchefs dowager of Buckinghamshire and Nprmanby, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland,

20.	An ad for making the exemplification of the laft will of Henry late earl of Thomond and vifcount Tad-cajler, evidence in all courts of lawG and equity in Great Britain and Ireland,

21.	An ad for vefting the remainder in fee of feveral lands in Ireland,, the eftate of Arthur Plunkett efquire, in truftees, in order to fell fuch lands to proteftant purchafers.

22.	An ad to enable Henry Willis efquire, now called Henry Compton, and his iffue male and defendants, to take and ufe the furname of Compton, purfuant to the will of Eleanor Bave widow, deceafed.

23.	An ad to enable Edward Rookes efquire, to take and ufe the furname of Leedes only, purfuant to the laft will and teftament of Robert Leedes, late of North Milforth in the county of York, efquire, deceafed.

24.	An ad to enable Crayle Bellamy efquire, to take and ufe the furname of Crayle,

25.	An ad for vefting in John ElwicJt efquire, the foie property of an engine for making ftone pipes, and to enlarge the term granted by letters patent for that purpofe.

26. An

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES/

26.	An aft for naturalizing John Boekholt, and Swain Rofe.

27.	An aft for naturalizing Paul

Torres,	Godfrey Zurhorjl,	and

others.

28.	An aft for naturalizing

clerk.

29.	An aft for fale of a tenement, adjoining to Northumberland Houfe in the Strand, part of the eftate of Sir William Dodwell knight, de-ceafed; and for laying out the money arifing thereby in the purchafe of lands, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

30.	An aft for vetting divers lands and hereditaments in Ravenfworth and Whafhton, in the county of York, in Andrew Perrot gentleman, difeharged of the ufes and trulls of the marriage fettlement of fames Cooke the younger, and for fettling in lieu thereof other lands and hereditaments, of greater value, to the fame ufes.

31.	An aft for eftablifhing an agreement between Margaret Savage fpintter, and Elizabeth Byrche widow, two of the daughters and coheirs of Thomas Savage efquire, de-ceafed, relating to the fettlement and difpofition of the real and personal eftate of the faid Thomas Savage.

Anno 17 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the year one thoufand Seven hundred and forty four.

Cap. 2. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the year

one thoufand fe'ven hundred and forty four.

Cap. 3I To oblige overfeers of the poor to give publick notice of rates made for the relief of the poor, and to produce the fame.

Cap. 4. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft patted in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochejler, to Saint Dun flan's Crofs near the city of Canterbury in the county of Kent.

Cap. 5. To amend and make more effeftual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly perfons, and to houfes of correction.

Cap. 6. To impower his Majefty to Secure and detain Such perfons as his Majefty fhall fufpeft are conspiring againft his perfon and government.

Cap. 7. For taking and Swearing affidavits to be made ufe of in any of the courts of the county palatine of Lancafter.

Cap. 8. To prevent the committing of abufes in the weighing and packing of butter, in the town and borough of New Malt on, in the county of York.

Cap. 9. For repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Bujh Common^ in the parifh of Harlow in the county of EJfexy to Stump Crofs, in the parish of Great Cheflerford in fhe faid county.

Cap. 10. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft patted in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Chapel 'on the Heath in the county of Oxon, to the quarry above B our ton on the Hill in the county of Gloucefter.

Cap. 11. For raifing and eftablifhing a fund for a provifion for the widows and children of the minifters

of

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and matters, of the univerfities of Saint Andrews, Glafgow, and Edinburgh.

Cap. 12. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an a6t patted in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majetty, intituled_, An aft for repairing the roads leading from a gate called Shipfton Toll-gate, at Bridge-town, in the pariflo of Old Stratford, in the county of War wick, through Alderminfter and Shipfton upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the /aid county \ and to make the fame more effectual.

Cap. 13. For continuing the term and powers granted by an act palled in the firft year of his prefent Maje-fty’s reign, intituled, An aft for repairing and amending feveral roads leading to and from the borough of Evefham in the county of Worcefter; and for making the lame more ef-fedtual.

Cap. 14. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an a61 patted in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majetty, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Cbacey in the parifh of South Mims in the county of Middlefex, to Lems-ford Mill in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 15. For the fpeedy and effectual recruiting of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

Cap. 16. For punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 17. For granting to his Maje-fry the furplus or remainder of the monies arifen, or to arife by the duties on fpirituous liquors, granted by an a6t of the laft feffion of parliamentj and for explaining and amending the faid ad in rela-a

tion to the retailers of fuch liquors; and for eftablifhing an agreement with the united company of merchants of Etigland trading to the Eajl Indies.

Cap. 18. For railing by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds at three pounds per centum per annum, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

Cap. 19. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an a6t of parliament, patted in the thirteenth year of the reign of

. his late majetty King George the Firtt, for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge in the county of Middlefex, to that end of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 20. For continuing and making more effedtual an a6t made in the eleventh year of his prefent Maje-fty’s reign, for repairing feveral roads leading to and from the town of Derby in the county of Derby.

Cap. 21. For laying a duty of two pennies foots, or a fixth part of a penny tterling, upon every fcots pint of ale and beer which fhall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the town of Burrowjhunnefs and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, for repairing the harbour of the faid town.

Cap. 22. For repairing the road leading from tfye end of Midleton Tyas Lane over Gatherly Moor to Greeta-bridge, and from thence to Boivs in north riding of the county of York.

Cap. 23, For more effedtually repairing the road from Cherill (through Caine) to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Borough at the top of Cherill Hill in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 24, For more effectually repairing

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing the roads from Colejhill in the county of Warwick, through the city of Litchfield, to Stone in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the city of Chefier, and for a-mending other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 25. For repairing the road between the town of Kingfton upon Hull, and the town of Beverley in the eaft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 26. To rectify a miftake in an a<5t made this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft fiorthe fpeedy and effeBilal recruiting of his Maje-Jlfs land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

Cap. 27. For continuing an a& palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, fo far as the fame relates to the repairing the road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham in the county of Wilts'^ and for amending the road from Chippenham to Pickwick in the faid county.

Cap. 28. For explaining and amending an adt palled in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An at7 to recover and preferve the navigation of the river Dee in the county palatine of Chefier; and another a6t paffed in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An atl for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee; and for repealing the tonnage rates payable to the faid undertakers; and for granting to them other tonnage or keelage rates in lieu thereof; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 29. For making more effectual provifion for enlightening the (ireets of the city of London.

Cap. 30. For the more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeit ftamps to foreign or other linens.

Cap. 31. For repealing the duties payable upon glafs beads, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing the fame drawbacks on the exportation of refined borax and camphire, which are allowed on the exportation of unrefined borax and camphire; and for preventing the fraudulent exportation of Britijh and Irifh linens, for the fake of the bounty allowed by an a<ft made in the fifteenth and lixteenth years of his prefent Ma^ jelly’s reign; and for explaining and amending the faid acft, as to the perfons who are 10 receive the faid bounty.

Cap. 32. To explain and make more effectual feveral ads of parliament palled in the reign of his prefent Majefty, for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the city of Weflminfier to the oppofite fhorein the county of Surrey; and for the better enabling the commiffioners for building the faid bridge, to fi-nifh the fame, and to perform the other trufts repofed in them; as al-' fo for granting further time for exchanging the tickets unclaimed in the laft lottery for the faid bridge; and to make provifion for tickets in the faid lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

Cap. 33. For granting to his Majefty the fum of one million out of the finking fund, and for applying a-fum remaining in the exchequer, arifen by the Coinage duty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four; and for the further appropriating the the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed ; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures of clerks

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the

and apprentices5 and to enable the reverfioners of certain annuities, therein mentioned, to receive fuch annuities, if the fame fhall not be demanded within a certain time by the annuitants for life, until proof be made, that fuch annuitants are living.

Cap. 34, For the better encouragement df feamen in his Majefly’s fervice, and privateers, to annoy the enemy.

Cap. 35. To explain, amend, and enlarge an adl made in the fixteenth and feventeenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for regulating the mca~ fures and prices of coals.

Cap. 36. For permitting certain goods therein enumerated, to be imported during the war in Britif) built (hipping, the prpperty of foreigners ; and for relief of William Ord, and others; and for obviating a doubt which hath arifen upon the adl of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouraging and increafing of flipping and navigation, as to the importation on the account of aliens, of goods of the growth or produdtion of the plantations of Spain and*Portugal, in Englijh ihips duly navigated.

Cap. 37. To prevent diiputes touching the parifhes or places where improved wades, and drained and improved marfh lands, fhall be charged to parochial rates.

Cap. 38. For remedying fome de-feeds in the adl made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft for the relief of the> poor.

Cap. 39. To make it high treafon to hold correfpondence with the fons of the pretender to his Majefty’s crown; and for attainting them of high treafon, in cafe they (hall land or attempt to land in Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto

STATUTES.*

belonging; and for fufpending the operation and effedt: of a claule irt the adl of the feventh year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the union of the two kingdoms, relating to forfeitures for high treafon, until after the deceafe of the fons of the faid pretender.

Cap. 40. To continue the feveral laws therein mentioned for preventing theft and rapine on the northern borders of England; for the more effedlual punifhing wicked and evil-difpofed perfons going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the perfons and properties of his Majefly's fub-jedts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to juflice; for continuing two claufes to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or fea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds; and for the more effedlual punifhment of perfons malicioufly fetting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal; and of perfons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow deer in forefls or chaces, or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in forefls, chaces, or parks; ^nd for granting a liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or manufadlure of any of his Majefly’s fugar colonies in America,, from the faid colonies diredlly to foreign parts in fhips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and to explain two adts relating to the profecution of offenders for embeziling naval (tores, or {lores of war; and to prevent the retailing of wine within either of the univerfities in that part of Great Britain called England without licence.

Cap. 41. For making more effedlual ieveral adts paffed for repairing the road leading from the Hones end in the parilh of Saint Leonard

Shore-

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Shoreditch in the county of Middle-fex, to the furthermoft part of the northern road in the parifh of Enfield in the fame county* next to the parifh of Chejbunt in the county of Hertford\ and for amending the road from the watch-houfe in Edmonton, to the market place in Enfield.

Cap. 42. For amending and making more effedfual an a<5t made in the laft fefiion of parliament, for continuing an acSt made in the thir-

! teenth year of fhe reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the roads from Luton in the county of Bedford, to Wefwood Gate in the faid county; and from Luton to Saint Albans in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 43# For repairing the road from the town of Buckingham in the county of Bucks, to IVannington in the county of Warwick.

Private Adis.

m	Anno 17 Georgii II.

1.	An a61 for naturalizing Andrew Lindegren and Abraham Spaldings of London, merchants.

2.	An a61 to diflolve the marriage of Henry duke of Beaufort, with Frances Scudamore his now wife, and to enble him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

3.	An a61 to enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance of part of the foreft of Shot over and Slowood in the county of Oxford, to truftees, in truft for Augufus Schutz efquire, and his heirs, upon a full and valuable conlideration to be paid for the fame.

4.	An a6f to enable Mr. John Carre, of Cavers, advocate, to fell lands in

- the county of Roxburgh, for payment of debts charged thereon, and with the furplus money (if

■ any) to purchafe other lands, to

be fettled to the fame ufes as thd lands to be fold are fettled.

5.	An a6f for dividing, and incfofing the common fields, called the North Field and South Field, in the parifh of Weflonbirt, in the county of Gloucefter.

6.	An a*6f to enable Edward Stewart, lately called Edward Clarke, and James Stewart Stewart, lately called James Stewart Clarke, to take and ule the furname of Suva art, purfuant to the will of James Sie-ivart, deceafed.

7.	An a61 to enable Randall Hopley of Overton in the county of Cl:filer, gentleman, and his iffue, to take and ufe the furname of Doi, purfuant to the will of William Dod efquire, deceafed.

8.	An a6f to enable John Cafwelf gentleman, novj called Giles White-half to take and ufe the chriftian and farfiame of Giles White half and alfo to enable his firft and other fons, &nd their heirs male, to take and ufe the furname of Whitehall, in purfuance of the will of Giles Whitehall deceafed.

9.	An a6t for naturalizing Mary countefs of Holdernejfe, wife of Robert earl of Holdernejfe.

ic. An a6I for naturalizing Andrew Templeman, John Darlon, Chrijliarn Moller, John Frideruk Fries, and Peter de la Rive, of London, merchants.

11.	An a61 to naturalize Lorentz Ba-Jlian Ritter.

12.	An a6f for naturalizing John Ru*■ doljfThunn, of London, merchant.

13.	An a6t for fettling a capital mefluage, lands, and hereditaments in Eafl Grief cad in the county of Sujfex, to divers ufes therein mem tioned, for the benefit of William lord Abergavenny, and his family, as an equivalent for a fum of money appointed by a former a6f, to be laid out in the purchafe of lands for that purpofe.

14.	An

Hosted by Google

A TAB LE of the STATUTES.

14.	An adl for dividing and inclofing certain common fields in the hamlet of Sbiptcn, in the parifh of Win-flow in the county of Buds.

15.	An aSl for inclofing the common and wafte ground called Basfedon Heath in the county of Berks.

16.	An adt for inclofing and dividing the common fields, called Flednoe, in the parifh of Wolfhampcoat in the county of Warwick.

17.	An adt for confirming an agreement made to exchange certain rights of common, in the parifh, townfhips, or hamlets of Eaf Lang-ton, Weft Langton, Church Langton, and Thorpe Langton, in the county of Leicefer, and for fettling an yearly fum to be paid to the rector of the faid parifh, and his fucceffors, in lieu of tythes.

18.	An a£t for inclofing and dividing the common called the Severals r and the Moor, lying in the manor and parifh of Mare ham le Fenn in the county of Lincoln.

19.	An adt for fale of the capital mef-fuage at Roughampton, and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Surrey, late the eftate of Jofepb Bagnall efquire, deceafed, and for purchafing another eftate to be fettled to the ufes of his will.

20.	An adt for the fale of certain houfes and ground in Woolwich, part of the fettled eftate of Edward Bowater efquire, purfuant to an agreement with the commiflioners of the navy, and for applying the money arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of another eftate, to be fettled to the ufes of his marriage fettlement.

21.	An adt for vefting part of the fettled eftate of Edward Poivys efquire, and Katherine his wife, in truftees, for railing money to pay debts, and for lecuring an equivalent for the fame, for the benefit of his faid wife, and their iflue, and of Thomas Vol. XVIII.

Poivys efquire, and his heirs and aftigns.

21. An adt for confirming to the honourable Henry Flervey clerk, his wife, and their ifiue male, the furname and arms of Afon, purfuant to a fettlement made by Sir Thomas Afon baronet, deceafed.

23.	An adt for confirming the jointure made on the marriage of Francis Scot efquire, commonly called earl of Dalkeith, eldeft fon and heir apparent to Francis duke of Buccleugh, with lady Caroline Camp- ^ bell, and for impowering the heirs of entail fucceeding to the eftate of Francis late earl of Buccleugh, to make jointures, in fuch manner, as is therein mentioned.

24.	An adt to impower the guardians of Other Lewis, earl of Plimouth, an infant, to purchafe the eftate of his grandfather Thomas Lewis e-fquire, in the county of Glamorgan.

25.	An adt for fale of part of the eftate of Thomas lord baron of Caber in the kingdom of Ireland, towards difcharging the debts aXd incumbrances affedting the fame.

26.	An adt for vefting the fettled eftate of Sir Robert Sutton in the county of Nottingham, in truftees, to be fold, for difcharging feveral mortgages and incumbrances, and for laying out the lurplus of the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled together with his eftate in the county of Lincoln, to the ufes therein mentioned.

27.	An adt to enlarge the time limited by the will of Sir Francis Leice-fler baronet, deceafed, for fale of

the real eftate late of Sir John Byrne baronet, deceafed, in the kingdom of Ireland, and alfo to enable Sir Peter Byrne baronet, and his iflue, to take and ufe the furname of Leiceftcr only, purfuant to the faid will.

28.	An adt for impowering John

b	Thorn-

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the

Thornhagh efquire, to make a jointure and provifion for his younger children out of an eftate, comprifed in a voluntary fettlement made by Saint Andrew Thornhagh efquire, his late father, deceafed.

29.	An adf for veiling divers lands and hereditaments, devifed by the will of Richard Cliffe efquire, deceased, in truftees, to be fold, for paying the debts and legacies charged thereupon by the faid will, and for laying out the furplus of

* the money arifing by fuch fale (if any) in purchafing other lands, to be fettled to the ufes of the fame will.

30.	An a<51 for fale of part of the fet-

tled eftate of John Ayjhcomhc gentleman, lying in the county of TVarwick,	and for fettling a-

nother eftate in the fame county, of greater value, to the fame ufes, in lieu thereof, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned,

31.	An adt for vefting the eftate late of George Downes efquire, deceafed, in the county of Wilts, in Ediuard Gale gentleman, and his heirs, in truft, to convey the fame to Robert Neale efquire, and his heirs (pur-fuant to articles of agreement made for fale thereof) towards payment of the incumbrances charged thereupon, and for other purpoles therein mentioned.

32.	An adt for vefting part of the fettled eftate of John Ciillum efquire, in truftees, to be fold, towards dif-charging incumbrances affedHng the fame, and for fecuring and providing an equivalent for the fame, out of other part of his eftate, for the ufes and purpofes of his marriage fettlement.

33.	An adl to enable William Moore efquire, to fell ail eftate purchafed under the will of William Smythe efquire, and to lay out the money thereby arifing, with other money therein mentioned, in the purchafe

2

STATUTES.

of another eftate, to be fettled to the ufes of the faid will.

34.	An a dt for vefting the fettled e-ftate of Thomas Foivnes efquire, in truftees, to be fold, together with his fee fimple eftate, for the payment of the debts of his father and himfelf, and for laying out the furplus money in the purchafe of another eftate, to be fettled to the ufes of his marriage fettlement.

35.	An adt for vefting the fettled e-ftate of Peter Hawker efquire, in the county of Dorfet, in truftees, to be fold, and for providing and fecuring an equivalent to be fettled to the lame ufes.

36.	An adt for confirming agreements made for inclofing and dividing part of North Stoneharn Common , in the county of Southampton.

37.	An adt for extinguifhing a right of common claimed by and belonging to the owners and proprietors of ancient burgages and tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bond-gate, in the county of York, and for fettling and providing an equivalent for the faid common right.

38.	An adt for naturalizing Bernhard Joachim Boetefeur.

39.	An adt for naturalizing Stephen Naville.

Anno 18 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufahd feven hundred and forty five.

Cap. 2. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five.

Cap, 3. To enable the parifhioners

of

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the p&rifh of Saint Margaret, within the borough of King's Lynn, in the county of Norfolk, to raife money, by rates upon themfelves, for finilhing the church of the faid parffh.

Cap. 4. For repairing the road leading from the town of Kingfon upon Hull, to and through the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk-Ella, in the county of the faid town of Kingfon upon Hull.

Cap. 5. For granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of fix years; and for declaring that the duties on fait, which arife and are payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be fubjed to the fame charges thereon, as the fame duties were liable to by the ad of the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft.

Cap. 6. For repairing the road leading from a gate commonly called Sacred Gate, on the fouth eaft fide of the town of He don, in the eaft riding of the county of York, through the faid town, to Hull North Bridge.

Cap. 7. For punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 8. For repairing the high road leading from Boroughbridge in the county of York, through North Al-lerton in the fame county, to Croft-bridge on the river Tees; and from thence through Darlington in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

Cap. 9. For granting to his Majefty feveral additional duties upon all wines imported into Great Britain; and for railing a certain fum of of money by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the faid additional duties.

Cap. 10. For the fpeedy and effectual

recruiting of his Majefty’s regiments of foot ferving in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the plantations, and the regiments cf marines.

Cap. 11. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that pur-pofe.

Cap. 12. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, For repairing the highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough in the comity of Wilts.

Cap. 13. For more effectually cleanf-ing, deepening, widening, and pre-ferving a creek called Beverley beck, running into the river Hull; and for more effectually repairing the ftaiths near the faid beck, and the roads leading from the faid river to the town of Beverley; and for cleanfing the ftreets of the faid town; and for regulating the carriages to and from the faid beck, and the river Hull.

Cap. 14. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by feveral ads of parliament for repairing the highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes, and the top of Arlington Hill and Rozvd Ford, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 15. For making the furgeons of London and the barbers of London twofeparate and diftind corporations.

Cap. 16. To repair the road leading from Tadcafer Bridge within the county of the city of York, to a place near the faid city, called Hob-moor Lane End.

Cap. 17. For giving a .publick reward to fuch perfon or perfons, his Majefty’s fubjed or fubjeds, as b 2	fhall

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fhall difcover a north weft paffage through Hudfotis StreigbiS, to the weftern and fouthern ocetm of A-

merica.

Cap. 18. To explain and amend the Jaws touching the elections of knights of the fhire to ferve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England. •

Cap. 19. For repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of War-wick (through Elmdon) to a lane leading by the end of Stone Bridge, in the faid county.

Cap. 20. To amend and render more effedlual an act pafled in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further qualification of jufiices of the peace.

Cap. 21. To continue an a61, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better regulation of laftage and ballaftage in the river Thames.

Cap. 22. For granting to his Majefty the fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds out of the finking fund ; and for granting a fum remaining in the exchequer, arifen by the fur-plus of the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this felTion of parliament; and for giving further time for the payment of duties o-mitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices, and for the further enforcing the payment of the faid duties.

Cap. 23. To repair and widen the road leading from Godmanchefter in the county of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to the Fir ft Rubbing Houfe on Newmarket Heath in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 24. For effectually preveming the exportation of foreign linens, under the denomination of Britifb or IrifI) linens.

Cap. 25. For allowing certain additional bounties on the exportation of Britijh and Irifb linens.

Cap. 26. For repealing the prefent inland duty of four (hillings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majefty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of excife; and for purfuing offenders out of one county into another.

Cap. 27. For the more effectually preventing the dealing of linen, fuftian, and cotton goods and wares, in buildings, fields, grounds and other places ufed for printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying the fame.

Cap. 28. To indemnify perfons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running of prohibited, uncuftomed, or other goods or merchandize.

Cap. 29. For granting further powers to the commiffioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the city of Wcfiminfier to the oppofite fhore in the county of Surrey; and for the better enabling them to finifh the faid bridge, and to perform the other trufts repofed in them.

Cap. 30. To amend an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aft for the more ejfeftual fuppref-fion of piracy.

Cap. 31. For the more effectual recovering and collecting of certain duties granted towards the fup-port of the royal hofpital at Greenwich; and to oblige agents for prizes, to regifter their letters of attorney.

Cap. 32. For continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an a6t made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George th£ Firft, for repairing the roads leading from

Bir-

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Birmingham to Edgkill, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 33. To repeal a claufe in an adt made in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, relating to carts ufed by perfons inhabiting within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality; and to allow fuch carts to be drawn with three hories; and to prevent the mifbehaviour of the drivers of carts in ftreets, within the faid limits.

Cap. 34. To explain, amend, and make more effectual the laws in being, to prevent exceffive and deceitful gaming; and to retrain and prevent the exceffive increale of horfe races.

Cap. 35. For the further regulating and better government of his Ma-jefty’s navies, (hips of war, and forces by lea; and for regulating the proceedings upon courts martial in the fea fervice.

Cap. 36. For prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns.

Cap. 37. For impowering the furviv-ing commiffioners and truftees for forfeited eftates to execute proper conveyances of the late lord WiddringtL?is eftate, in the county of Northumberland (contracted for by the York Buildings company) to truftees for the creditors of the faid company, upon payment of a lum of money therein mentioned into his Majefty’s exchequer.

Cap. 38. For rendering more effectual the leveral adts paffed for the erecting of hofpitals and work-houfes within the city of Brificl, for the better employing and maintaining the poor thereof.

Private Adis.

Anno 18 Georgii II.

1.	An act for naturalizing Sir John Charles Le Blon.

2.	An adt for naturalizing ChriJUan

Heine ken, Dominick Jofeph Leiutaud\ Henry Geutjes, and others.

3.	An adt for confirming and efta-blithing on John Pate efquire, and his iffue male, thefurname of Rofe.

4.	An a6t to enable George Vanden Bempde, marquis of Annandale, to ufe the furname and arms of Vanden Bempde, purfuantto the will of John Vanden Bempde efquire, de-ceafed.

5.	An adt to enable George earl Chol-mondeley, and Pattee vi(count Tor-rington, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office as vice treafurer and receiver general, and payma-fter general of all his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themfelves for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

6.	An adt for exchanging divers lands and hereditaments in Hantfbire, belonging to Sir John Peachy baronet, for other lands and hereditaments in Suffix, belonging to Thomas Knight efquire; and for fettling the feveral eftates, fo taken in exchange, to the ufes limited of the eftates given in exchange for the fame refpedtively.

7.	An adt for naturalizing Dorothy Pent on, wife of Henry Pent on e-fquire, and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a rent charge, limited to her upon her marriage, in the name of her jointure.

8.	An adt for confirming to William Beauchamp efquire, and his heirs, the furname of Proftor, according to the direction of the laft will and teftament of George Proflor efquire, deeeafed.

9.	An adt for uniting the vicarage of Fincham Saint Martins to the rectory ot Fincham Saint Michaels, in the county of Norfolk, and for fettling the right of prefentation to the fame.

10.	An adt for regulating and making

more effectual a certain charity, b 3	given

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the

given by the will of Richard Church-aer merchant, deceafed, for the benefit of the town and borough of Petersfield in the county of Southampton.

11.	An aCl for naturalizing Mark Cramer, Samuel Mejlrezat, and o-thers.

12.	An a61 for naturalizing Anthony Benjamin Morin.

13.	An aCt for vefting certain lands and hereditaments, part of the fettled eftate of Sir Philip Boteler baronet, in the feveral counties of Bedford and Kent, in the fa id Sir Philip Boteler, and his heirs; and for fettling other eftates in the feveral counties of Kent and Hereford, of greater value, to the like ufes, in lieu thereof.

14.	An aCl for appropriating the fum of fix thoufand pounds, part of the portion agreed on to be paid on the marriage of Sir Francis Skipwith baronet, with dame Urfula his wife, and for faleof part of his fettled eftate, for diftcharging his debts, and fecuring an equivalent to his iflue male in refpecf thereof.

15.	An aCt for railing money out of the eftate entailed by the will of Sir William Myddelton baronet, for purchafing an eftate, lying near Chirk Caffle, in the county of Denbigh, to be fettled to the ufes of the fame will.

16.	An aCf for vefting part of the eftate of Sir Marmaduke Grejham baronet, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts, and a legacy of three thoufand pounds affeCfing the fame.

17.	An aft for rectifying a miftake in a fettlement made by Sir Robert Sutton knight of the Bath, and alfo in an aft pafted the laft feffion of parliament, for fale of the fettled eftate of the fa id Sir Robert Sutton, in the county of Nottingham, for difcharging incumbrances.

18.	An aCt for fale of the eftates,

STATUTES.

late of William Robinfon efquire, and dame Dorothy "Jeffreys, in the feveral counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chejler, Salop, and Anglefea, for payment of their refpedtive debts and incumbrances.

19.	An a<5t for fale of certain leafe-hold eftates, late of Sarah Eaton, deceafed, and by her devifed to the provoft, fellows, and fcholars of JVorcefer College in the univerfity of Oxford; and for laying out the money arifing thereby in the pur-chafe of fee fimple eftates, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

20.	An aS. for charging, felling, and applying part of the fettled eftate of Anthony Keck efquire, for rafifing money towards the purchafe of the manors of Dolby and Broughton, in the county of Leicefter, contracted for purfuant to the will of Anthony Keck, his grandfather, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

21.	An ad for impowering truftees to fecure and difpofe of certain effects, mentioned in the will of Nicholas Hooper efquire, deceafed, for the benefit of the children of John Baffett efquire, to whom they are bequeathed.

22.	An aCt for fale of the fettled and unfettled eftates of William Parry efquire, and for purchafing another eftate of equal value with the fettled eftate, to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

23.	An aCt for impowering Edivard Gould efquire, and William Gould clerk, to make jointures upon their refpeCtive marriages, out of the eftate devifed to them by the will of Sir Edward Gould knight, deceafed.

24.	An aCt for vefting an undivided moiety of certain lands in the county of Wilts, comprized in the marriage fettlement of Robert Wright clerk, in truftees, to fell the fame, for raifing money to pur-

chafe'

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

chafe an entire farm in the county of Suffolk, to be fettled to the ufes of the fame fettlement.

25.	An a<9: for fale of the freehold and copyhold eftates of Rodolph Hobbes gentleman, deceafed, in the county of Bucks, for difcharging incumbrances affe&ing the fame, and for making provifion for his widow and infant children.

26.	An aCl for veiling part of the eftate late of Richard Lufcombe e-fquire, deceafed, in the county of Devon, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts and legacies.

27.	An aCl forinclofing and dividing the common fields in Faxton> within the parifti of Lamport, in the county of Northampton; and for giving a recompence to the re<5tor of the faid parilh, in lieu of his tythes of the faid common fields.

28.	An ac5l to difiolve the marriage of Daniel Matthew efquire, with Penelope Smith his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

29.	An aCl for naturalizing Peter Bartholomew Julian, Peter Sapte, and Thomas Sapte.

Anno 19 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. Toimpowerhis Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefty fhall fufpeCl are con-fpiring againft his perfon and government.

Cap. 2. To raife the militia of that part of Great Britain called Eng-land, although the month’s pay formerly advanced hath not yet been repaid; and to raife fuch part of the faid militia, as fhall be judged moft proper, ready, and convenient.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of

the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.

Cap. 4. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.

Cap. 5. To enable his Majefty to make rules, orders and regulations, more effectually to prevent the fpreading of the diftemper which now rages amongft the horned cattle in this kingdom.

Cap. 6. For eftablilhing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for cancelling certain exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned; and for obliging them to advance the fum of one million upon the credit of the land tax and malt duties granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.

Cap. 7. For adjourning the court of feflion in Scotland; and for remedying the inconvenienciesarifing from the furceafe of juftice in that part of the kingdom.

Cap. 8. For repealing fo much of an aCl paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aSf for regulating eledliom within the city of London; and for preferving the peace, good order, and government of the faid city ; as relates to the making or palling of aCts, orders, or ordinances in common council.

Cap. 9. For the more eafy and fpeedy trial of fuch perfons as have levied, or fhall levy war againft his Majefty ; and for the better afcertain-ing the qualifications of jurors in trials forjhightreafonjor rniiprifion of b 4	treafon.

Hosted by GoO^lC

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tteafon, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. io. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the road from Market-Harborough to Loughborough, in the county of Leicefter; and for making the faid a<51 more effectual.

Cap. ii. For punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 12. For granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon glafs, and upon fpirituous liquors; and for raifing a certain fum of money by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid rates and duties ; and for obviating fome doubts about making out orders at the exchequer for the monies advanced upon the credit of the fait duties, granted and continued to his Majefty by an a<5t of the laft feflion of parliament.

Cap. 13. To enlarge the time for ju-ftices of the peace to take and fub-fcribe the oath diredled by an adt made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to amend and render more effectual an aft puffed in the fifth year of his prefent Majefiys reign, intituled. An adt for the further qualification of juftices of the peace.

Cap. 14. To continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money.

Cap. 15. For enabling the inhabitants of the hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlefex, to complete their church, and to pay debts already contradled for the relief of the poor of the faid hamlet.

Cap. 16. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts; and for relief of prote-ftant purchafers, devifeesand leffees.

Cap. 17. For continuing an adt of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to impou'er his Majefiy

to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefiy /hall fufpeft are confpiring a-gainfi his per fen and government. Cap. 18. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an adt pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the road from the city of Gloucejler to Stone, and other roads therein mentioned; and for making the faid adt more effedtuaL Cap. 19. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an adl pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing and enlarging the road from Liverpoole to Prefcot, and 0-ther roads therein mentioned in the county palatine of Lancafter; and for amending the road leading from Prefcot, to the chapel of Saint Helen in the faid county.

Cap. 20. To indemnify fuch perfons as have adled in defence of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and for the prefervation of the publick peace of this kingdom, during the time of the prefent unnatural rebellion, and fheriffs and others who have fuffered efcapes, occafioned thereby, from vexatious fuits and profecutions.

Cap. 21. More effedlually to prevent profane curfing and fwearing.

Cap. 22. For the better prefervation of havens, roads, channels, and navigable rivers, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 23. To continue two adts of parliament; one for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majefty’s plantations in America; and the other for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America.

Cap, 24. To impower Lora Pitt, widow, to eredf a bridge or bridges, over the river Froome; and to make a caufeway to the eaft end of the tow n of Dorchefier, over For thing*

. ton Moot3 in the county of Dorfet.

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the

Cap. 25. For calling any fufpedled perfon or perfons whofe eftates or principal refideoce arc in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it fhall be judged expedient, to find bad for their good behaviour.

Cap. 26. To attaint Alcxa?ider earl of Kellie, William vifeount of Stralhal-lan, Alexander lord Pitjligo, David JVemyfs efquire, commonly called lord Elcbo, eldeft Ton and heir apparent of James earl' of JVemyfs; James Drummond efquire, eldeft ion a nd hei r a p parent of William vi fcou n t of Strathallan ; Simon Frafer efquire, eldeft foil and heir apparent of Simon lord Lovat; George Murray e-fquire, commonly called lord George Murray, brother to James duke of Athol; Lewis Gordon efquire, commonly called lord Lewis Gordon, brother to Cofrno George duke of Gordon; James Drummond, taking upon himfelf the title of duke of Perth ; James Graham, late of Dun-troon, taking on himfelf the title of vifeount of Dundee; John Nairn, taking upon himfelf the title or (file of lord Nairn ; David Ogilvie, taking upon himfelf the title of lord Ogilvie; John Drummond, taking upon himlclf the ftile or title of lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, taking on himfelf the title of duke of Perth-; Robert Mercer efquire, otherwife Nairn, of Al-die\ Sir William Gordon of Park, John Murray cf Broughton, efquire ; John Gordon the elder, of Glenbucket-, Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; do6tor Archibald Cameron, brother to DonaldCameron they ounger ofLochiel', Ludovick Cameron o f Tor Cajllc, Alexander Cameron of Dungallon; Do?iald Mac Donald of Clanronald, j unior,fon to Rhonald Mac Donald of Clanronald-, Donald Mac Donald of Lochgarie, Alexander Mac Donald of Keppoch, Archibald Mac Donald, fon of Col Mac Donald of Barifdale; Alexander

' Mac Donald of Glencoe, Evan Mac

STATUTES.

Pherfon of Clunk, Lauchlan Mac Lauchlan of CajUe Lauchlan, John Mac Kinncn of Mac Kinnon, Charles Stewart of Ardjhiel, George Lockhart, elded fon and heir apparent of George Lockhart of Carnivath ; Lawrence Oliphant the elder, of Cajk; Lawrence Oliphant the younger, of Cajk\ James Graham the younger, of Airth; John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stewart; Francis Farquharfon of Monalierye, Alexander Mac Gilivrae of Drumaglajh ; Lauchlan Mac Intojh, merchant at Inver • nefs; Malcolm Rofs, fon of Alexander Rofs of Pi tea Iny; Alexander Mac Leod, fon to matter John Mac Lcod advocate; John Hay, portioner of Rejlalrig, writer to the lignet; Andrew Lumfdale, otherwife Lumfdain, fon to William Lumfdale, otherwife Lumfdain, writer in Edinburgh; and ' William Fidler, clerk in the auditor’s office in the exchequer of Scotland; of high treafon, if they fhall not render themfelves to one of his Majefty’s juttices of the peace, on or before the twelfth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thouland feven hundred and forty fix, and fubmit to juPrice.

Cap. 27. For the more effectual fe-curing the duties now payable on foreign-made fail cloth imported into this kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made fails with a duty; and for explaining a doubt concerning (hips being obliged at their firft fetting out to fea, to be furnifiled with one complete fet of fails made of Brit]ft) fail cloth.

Cap. 28. For the better regulating of elections of members to ferve in parliament, for fuch cities and towns in that part of Great Britain called England, as are counties of themfelves.

Cap. 29. For fettling an additional revenue of- twenty five thouland pounds upon his royal highnefs William d u ke of Cumberland, a nd t he heirs male of his body* for the fig-

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

nal fervices done by his royal high-nefs to his country.

Cap. 30. For the better encouragement of the trade of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America.

Cap. 31. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and alfo for enabling his Majefty to raife a further fum of money for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in thisfellionof parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or ctherwife de-ftroyed.

Cap. 32. For amending the laws rerelating to bankrupts.

Cap. 33. To indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices, employments, and promotions within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpofe.

Cap. 34. For the further punifhment of perfons going armed ordifguifed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or excife; and for indemnifying offenders againft thofe laws, upon the terms in this a6t mentioned; and for the relief of officers of the cu-ftomsin informationsupon feizures.

Cap. 35. More effectually to prevent the frauds and abufes committed in the admeafurement of coals within the city and liberty of IVeJhmnJler, and that part of the dutchy of Lan-cajler adjoining thereto, and the fe-veral parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and fuch part of the parifti of Saint Andreiu, Holbonu as lies in the county of Middlcfew

Cap. 36. To allow the purchafe, for his Majefty’s ufe, of naval ftores brought into this kingdom onboard neutral (hips, by any of his Maje-

fty’s (hips, and to allow fuch ftores to be landed and entered during the continuance of the prefent wars with France and Spain, or either of them.

Cap. 37. To regulate infurance on (hips belonging to the fubjebts of Great Britain, and on merchandizes or effects laden thereon.

Cap. 38. More effectually to prohibit and prevent paftors or minifters from officiating in epifcopal meeting houfes in Scotland, without duly qualifying themfelves according to law ; and to punifh perfons for re-forting to any meeting-houfes where fuch unqualified paftors or minifters (hall officiate.

Cap. 39. For the more effectual difarming the highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually fecuring the peace of the faid highlands; and for reftraining the ufe of the highland drefs; and for further indemnifying fuch perfons as have acted in defence of his Majefty’s perfon and government, during the unnatural rebellion; and for indemnifying the judges and other officers of the court of judiciary in Scotland for not performing the northern circuit in May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and for obliging the mailers and teachers of private fchools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors, and governors of children or youth, to take the oaths to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, and to re-gifter the fame.

Private Adis.

Anno 19 Georgii II.

1.	An a<t for impowering Francis Vincent efquire, to make a jointure, on any future marriage, and provilion for his daughters and younger fons.

2.	An act to enable Sir Wyndbam Knatcbbull baronet, and his heirs male, to take and ufe the furname and arms of JVyndham, purfuant to the deft re of Thomas lord JVyndham in the kingdom of Ireland, deceafed.

3.	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

g. An ad to enable Richard Leman e-fquire, formerly called Richard Alie, and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the furname of Leman, purfuant to the will of Sir William Leman bar on et, deceafed.

4.	An ad for naturalizing Hermann Meyer, Herman Rudolph Klincke, and P^r Tor ras junior.

5.	An ad for naturalizing Daniel Dreyer.

6.	An ad for giving power to the fons of William lord vifcount Grimfton, to make jointures on their refped-ive marriages, in lieu of a defedive power contained in the fettlement made on the marriage of Samuel Grimfton efquire, deceafed.

7.	An ad to veil the manor of Ruxley, in the county of Kent, and feveral lands therein Sir Narbrough D’Aeth baronet, and his heirs, difcharged of the ufes in his marriage fettlement, for other lands in the faid county, of greater yearly value, being fettled in lieu thereof.

8.	An adforconfirmingand eftabliih-ing articles of agreement, and an award for inclofingand dividing certain common fields, within the parifh of Inkpen, in the county of Berks.

n An ad for giving further time to execute an ad made in the feven-teenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, Anadlfor extinguifb-ing a right of common, claimed by, and belonging to> the ozuners and proprietors of ancient burgages and tenements in Ripon Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the county of York; and for fettling and providing an equivalent for the faid common right. jo. An ad for ellablifhing articles of agreement for an inclofure and di~ vifionof the common fields, wade, and common grounds in the manor of Kelfieldy in the county of Tork; and for impowering the lord of the faid manor to raife money to complete the faid inclofure.

Xi. An ad for redifying and amend-

ing the defeds in a former ad of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, for fal e of part of the efta teof Ed^ wardBayntunRolttfc\\i\re; and forthe better and more erfedual execution of the trufts of the faid former ad.

12.	An adforfaleof part of theeftate of Thomas duke of Leeds; and for applying part of the money ariiing thereby in payment of certain debts owing by him, and the residue in difcharge of incumbrances afFeding the reft of the faid duke’s fettled e-ftates; and for fecuring an equivalent to his iffue male, in refped of what fhould' be fo applied in payment of the faid debts.

13.	An ad for veiling in Simon lord vifcount Harcourt, certain lands in Ducklington, in the county of Oxforft, difcharged from the trufts limited in the marriage fettlement of George Hart with Sufannah his now wife; and for purchaiing other lands to be fettled in lieu thereof.

14.	An ad for veiling the real and leafehold eftates late of Edward Wright efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts, and other purpofes.

15.	An ad to enable Henry Crabby and his heirs male, to take and ufe the-lurname of Boulton, purfuant to the will of Richard Boulton efquire, deceafed.

16.	An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftates of the moil noble Henry duke of Chandos, in truftees, for raiding money to difcharge incumbrances afFeding other parts thereof, and for payment of his debts; and for fecuring an equivalent to the right honourable fames Brydges, called marquis of Carnarvany an infant, and his iftue; and forraifmg at twenty one, or marriage, the portion charged on the faid fettled eftates for the lady Caro-line Brydges, only daughter of the faid duke, and for fecuring to her the intereft thereof in the mean time.

17.	Au

Hosted by CjOO^lC

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

17.	An aft to impower the guardians of Other Lewis earl of Plimouth, an infant, to make leales of his eftate in the county of Glamorgan, during his minority.

18.	An aft to enable George earl of Choi-mondelcy, and William Pitt efquire, to take in Great Britain the oath of office as vice treafurer and receiver general and paymaster general of all his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify them-felves for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

19.	An aft for fale of certain eftates of the late earl of Fingall, in the county of Cavan, in the kingdom of Ireland, for difcharging incumbrances charged thereon, and for oth?r purpofes therein mentioned.

20.	An aft for fale of the eftate late of Richard Lechmere junior,and Anne his wife, in the county of EJJhx, pur-fuant to articles entered into for the purchafe thereof, and for applying the money ariftng by fuch fale for discharging incumbrances affefting the faid eftate, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

21.	An aft for vefting divers lands and tenements in the county of Northumberland', late the eftate of "John Manners gentleman, deceafed, in truftees, to enable them to make an effeftual conveyance thereof to the purchafers under a decree of the court of Chancery, for the purpofes therein mentioned.

22 An aft for fale of certain houfes and tenements in Wakefield, in the county of York, part of the fettled e-ftate of Jofieph Sill gentleman, for difcharging a bond debt therein mentioned.

23.	An aft to enable Walter Hawkf-vjorth efquire, formerly called Walter Ramfden, and the heirs of his body, to take and ufe the furname of Hawkfworth, purfuant to the

will of Sir Walter Hawkfworth, baronet, deceafed.

24.	An aft for naturalizing Michael Banr.

25.	An aft for naturalizing John Bap-tifi Pellet.

26.	An aft for naturalizing Charles

Labellye.

27.	An aft to enable George earl of Gholnwideley, and Sir William Yonge baronet, knight of the moft honourable order of the bath, to take in Great Britain the oarh of office as vice treafurer and receiver general and pay mafter general of all his Ma-jefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themfelves for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

28.	An aft to enable Sir William Duck* infield Daniel baronet, to take and ufe the furname, and bear the arms of Daniel, purfuant to the will of Sir Samuel Daniel knight, deceafed.

29.	An aft fqr fale of divers lands and hereditaments, in the counties of Suffolk and Middlesex, entailed on the daughters of Thomas Bennet e-fquire, m order to raife a fum of money in prefent for their portions, as an equivalent for their reverfion-ary intereft in the faid eftates expectant on the death of their father.

30.	An aft for the exchange of an eftate in Putney, in the county of Surrey, held in truft for charitable ufes, for another eftate of Gerard Van Neck efquire, in the county of Hertford, and for payment of a fum of moneyto the truftees, to be applied to the like ufes.

31.	An aft to enable Daniel Carmichael, of Mauldfiey, or the fucceed-ing heirs of entail, to fell lands in the counties of Lanark and Fife, for payment of debts charged thereupon, and to purchafe other lands to be fettled to the fame ufes as the eftate to be fold is fettled.

’The End of the TABLE,

Hosted by boogie

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Annodecimoquinto GEORGIIII. Regis.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weil-minfter, the Jirfi day of December, Anno Dom. 1741, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our fovereign Lord George the Second, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, , defender of the faith, &c. being the firft fefiion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An aft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in ‘ that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Ma-jefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the ferviceof the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two. EXP.

CAP. II.

An aft to repeal fo much of an aft pajfed in the lafi feffiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for the prefervation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called Eng-land, as obliges perfons not travelling for hire to make ufe of waggons with wheels bound with freaks or tyre of a certain breadth, or the faid freaks to be faft ened with nails of a certain fixe.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the laf feffon of parliament, pream^je tem intituled, An aft for the prefervation of the publick roads citing the aft* in that part of Great Britain called England, reciting, That inhere- 1+ Geo. II. as ari aft was made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefy c* 4-*- f 6. & King George the Firffi, intituled, An aft for making more effec- -5Geo< c' tual the feveral afts paffed for repairing and amending the highways of this kingdom, which had proved infufficient for that pur-pofe, by reafon that the faid aft extended to fuch waggons and carts only as travelled for hire, and by reafon of many difficulties in the manner of convi fting and punifinng the offenders againfl the fame ; it was enabled. That the faid aft, and all and fngitlar the claufes, penalties, and forfeitures therein contained, jhould extend, and be con-frued to extend to all waggons and carts, and to the ozvners and drivers thereof, his and their horfes, with the geers, bridles, halters, and accoutrements, ivhetker travelling for hire or not for hire, or in any Vol. XVIIL	B	manner

Hosted by Google

Preamble.

Anno decimo quinto Georcii II. C. 3*	[1742;

manner ivhatfoever, and that all and every perfon and perfons who Jhould offend againjl either of the faid aftSy jhould for every fuch offence ( being thereof convicted as therein is mentioned) fever ally forfeit, be fubjeft and liable to the refpeftive penalties and forfeitures in the faid aft of the fifth year of his late Majefiy contained, to be levied, recovered, a?id applied in fuch manner, and to fuch ufes, as in and by the faid aft is mentioned and direfted, and his and their horfes,

bridles, accoutrements, Jhould, the of three days next after fuch offence,	remain	fubjeft	and liable to fuch

feizures and difireffes,	for the ufe and benefit	of fuch perfon and

perfons., as they ivould or might have been had they been feized or difir ained in the fa ft during the commiffion offuch offence: and whereas the extending fuch part of the faid aft as relates to the breadth of the freaks or tire with which the wheels of waggons are to be bound, or to the fiails with which they are to be fet or fafiened on to fuch waggons as do not travel for hirey or to the owners or drivers thereof has been found inconvenient to fanners and otherr, and highly detrimental to the markets of this kingdom ; be it enadted by the King’s moil: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid adf of the laft feflion of parliament, as tends to extend fuch part of the faid a<51 of the fifth year of his late Majefiy, as re* lates to the breadth of the ftreaks or tire, or to the nails with which they are to be fet or fafiened on to fuch waggons as do not travel for hire, or to the owners or drivers thereof, fhall, from and after the tenth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, be and is hereby repealed to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever.

CAP. III.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum out of the finking fund, towards the fupply for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two.

MOST gracious Sovereign : We your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedfs the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous not only to raife fuch fup-plies as are neceftary to enable your Majefiy to carry on the prefent war with vigour, butalfoto ufe fuch ways and means therein, as that your Majefiy may have the better and more fpeedy effe<S of the faid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum of one million out of the furplufles, ex-ceffes, and overplus monies commonly called The finking fund, towards the fupply granted to your Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and to that end and purpofe do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That by or out of fuch monies as now are or fhall from time, to time be and re-, §	main

Hosted by

Google

1742.]	Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. C. 3.	3

main in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furpluffes, A million to exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund ^eer^r^Cg°Jf (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch fum and fums the y of money as have been directed by any former a6t or a<5ls of	n

parliament to be paid out of the fame) there fhall and may be iffued and applied a fum not exceeding the faid fum of one million, for and towards the fupply granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iffue and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Claufeof in cafe the faid commiffioners of,his Majefty’s treafury, or any Gredit* three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being,

fhall think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, or _ any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner hereafter mentioned, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, > natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of one million, upon the credit of the faid fur-pluffies, exceffes, and overplus monies, commonly called The jinking fund; and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, intereft after a rate not exceeding three pounds ten fhiilings per centum per annum, fo as fuch loans be allowed to be’at 31. 10 s. made by the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or Per centa more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iffue their warrants for that purpofe as faft as fuch loans fhall be wanted for the publick fervice; and moreover that no money fo to be lent upon the fecurity of this a eft fhall be rated or affeffed to any tax or affeffment whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enadfed. That all and every perfon and Tallies to be perfons who fhall lend any money upon the credit of this a<ft as ffi'uck, and aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, payment with fhall immediately have a tally of loan ftruck for the fame, and intereft as an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date above.

with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order fhall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbear* ance thereof, not exceeding the faid rate of three pounds ten fhiilings per centum per annum^ and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all fuch orders for repayment of money fo to be lent fhall be regiftred in courfe according to the dates refpecftively; and that all and every perfon and perfons fhall be paid in courfe, according as their orders To be paid in fhall ftand regiftred in the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon courfe, or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, oraffigns, who fhall have his, her or their order qr orders firft entered in the faid books of regifter5 fhall be taken

B z	and

Officers to take no fees.

Anno decimoquinto Georgii II. c, 3,	[1742.

and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus monies ; and he, (he, and they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entred, fhall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceffively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in of or for the faid furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus monies, commonly called The Jinking fundy as aforefaid, fhall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadtion of the faid refpec-tive perfons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns refpedfively, without undue preference of one before another, and nototherwife ; and fhall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever (other than fuch ufes and purpofes as are appointed by any other adt or adts of parliament in that behalf as aforefaid ;) and that no fee, reward, or gratuity diredly orin-diredtly (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty’s fub-jedfs for providing or making of any fuch books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearches in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo; and if any undue and for undue preference of one before another (hall be made either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this adf, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by adfion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt with full cods of fuittothe party grieved, and (hall be forejudged of his office or place; and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without diredlion or privity of his mader, then fuch deputy or clerk only fhall be liable to fuch adtion, debt, damages, and cods, and (hall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not diredt the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the tellers make payment upon fuch order, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before diredkd, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedtive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch adtim, debt, damages, and cods, in fuch manner as aforefaid ; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cods, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s. courts of record at Wejlminjler; wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injundtion, or order of restraint (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

IV,. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it fhall happen that feveral tallies cf loan or orders for payment as aforefaid, bear date or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftred, then it (hall be interpreted no undue

preference

Penalty for taking fees,

preference*

Penalties how to be recovered.

No undue preference.

Hosted by Google

5

1742.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 3.

preference which of thofe be entred firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

V.	Provided alfo, That it fhall not be interpreted an undue Subfequent preference, to incur any penalty, in point of payment, if the orders may be auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers

do pay fubfequent orders, to perfons that come and demand their a^r j^^oney monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did be left to pay not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe ; precedent or-fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent dersJhen orders, which fhall not be otherwifc difpofed of, but kept for man L * them, intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every perfon and Transfers ah perfons to whom any money fhall be due for loans to be regi- low’d, fired by virtue of this act, after order entred in the book of re-

gifter as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by proper words of alignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may affign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof, to any others which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regiftry aforefaid for orders (which the officers fhall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) fhall intitle fuch affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and fuch affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quoties \ and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who have or hath made fuch affignment, to make void, releafe, or difcharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII.	And to the end thereiinay be no want or failure of a certain fum, not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of one million, to be railed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by iffuing exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means, for the publick fervice; be it further

enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the commiffion- 'pr-afurv mav ers of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them raife the lain now being, or the high trealurer, or any three or more of the by exchequer commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall judge it bills, more advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills inftead of fuch loans as aforefaid ; that then they refpectively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer any number of new exchequer bills for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one million, together with fuch Joans as aforefaid, in the fame or like manner, form, or order, and according to be made to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain out according act of parliament for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year onethoufand feven tne ma a<" *

B 3	hundred

Hosted by Google

6	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georgii II. C. 4,5,6.	[1742,-

hundred and forty two, are enadled and prefcribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid a£h and carry the VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, fame powers. That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities contained in the faid lad-mentioned act relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorized to be made by the fame a6t (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the duties or impofitions granted or continued by the fame a6t) (hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this adt, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid lad-mentioned act, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this prefent act. The exche- IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all quer bills to be the exchequer bills which fhall be made in purfuance of this act,

Inkin^fund16 anc^ ^ie *intere^5 premium, rate, and charges incident to or attend-m nng un . *ng ^ fame> fhall he and. are hereby charged and chargeable upon and diall be repaid and born by or out of the growing produce of the faidlurpludes, exceffes, and overplus monies commonly called Toe Jinking fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iffued and applied, as faff as the fame can be regularly dated and afcertain-ed, for or towards paying off, cancelling, and difcharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, and charges, until the whole of them fhall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpective proprietors thereof.

CAP. IV.

An at for punifhing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. V.

An at for continuing and making more efFetual an at made in the feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An a£l for repairing the road from IVendoajer to the toavn of Buckingham in the county of Bucks ; and for building a bridge at Padbury, and making it a county bridge.

The tolls altered, and continued for 21 years.

CAP. VI.

An at for enlarging the term and powers granted by two ats of parliament, one of the eighth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, and the other of the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the highways between the houfe commonly called The Horjhoe Houfe, in the parilh of Stoke Goldington in the county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton, and the road from the north bridge of Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks, to the Horfhoe Houfe.

The two a Ats continued for 21years,

CAR

Hosted by Google

^	1742.]	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georgii II. c. 7,—13.

CAP. VII.

An adl for enlarging the term and powers granted by an a61 palfed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An ati for repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromf-gro<ve to the town of Dudley in the county of Worcefer 5 and from the faid town of Bromfgro've to the town of Birmingham in the county of Warwick $ fo far as the faid a6t relates to repairing theroads leading from th,e town of Dudley to the town of Bromfgrove in the county of Worcefter $ and for making the fame more effectual,

Continuance for 21 years.

CAP. VIII.

An adt for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one lixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which fhall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the town of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof.

CAP. IX.

An a6t for enlarging the term and powers granted by two a6ts of parliament, one of the firft, and the other of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, tor repairing the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the county of Middlefex ; and for amending the road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell-Heath, through the parifhes of Hanwell, New-Brentford, and Ealing, to the great weftern road in the faid county.

*The a£ls continued for 21 years,

CAP. X.

An adt for explaining, amending, and making more effe6hial two a^sof parliament, one paffed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majefty King William the Third, for eredting workhoufes, and houfes of correction, in the town of Kingfton upon Hull, for the employment and maintenance of the poor there 5 and the other paffed in the eighth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, for the more effedtual provifion of the poor in the faid town.

CAP. XI.

An adt for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two. Exp. 4. s. in the pound.

CAP. XII.

An adf to explain and amend an adl palfed in the twelfth year of his prelent Majelty’s reign, intituled, An a£i to enable the parifhioners of Saint Catherine Colesnan, in Fenchurch Street in the dtp of Londony to rebuild the church of the faidparijh ; and for making the faid adt more effedtual for the purpofes thereby intended,

CAP. XIII.

An abl for cjiabliffiing an agreement with the governor and . company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, towards the fup-ply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two.

WHEREAS by an a dl of parliament made and pa (fed in the Preamble, re-feventh year of the reign of her late majefy (fueen Anne citing the a£fo B 4	(intituled,	7	Anne,	c.	7.

Hosted by Google

%	Anno	dec}mo quinto Georgii II. c. 13?	[1742*

[intituled. An a<5t for enlarging the capital (lock of the bank of England, and for raifing a farther fupply to her Majefty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and nine) it was

declared and enabled, That the /aid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors for ever, Jhould continue and be one body corporate and politick, and Jhoidd for ever have, receive, and enjoy the entire yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds therein 'mentioned, out of certain rates and duties of excife therein deferibed, and fuch abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, as are therein expreffed; fubjedl neverthelefs to a power and condition of redemption in that adi contained in that behalf; and it was thereby provided and enabled. That at any time upon twelve months notice after the firfl day of Auguft, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty tivo, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fucceffors, of the feveral fums amounting to one million fix hundred thoufand pounds therein mentioned, without any dedublion, dif-count, or abatement whatfoever to be made out of the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fuccejjors, of all arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interefi money which Jhould be owing unto them upon all fuch tallies, exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company, or their Jiiccejfors, fimild have remaining in their hands, or be intitle d to, at the time of fuch notice to be given as aforefaid; [fuch funds, for redemption ivhereof other provifion was made in the fame adi, only excepted) then, or in fuch cafe, and * not till then, the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, Jhould ceafe and determine; as by the faid adi (relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear : and whereas by an adi of parliament and 12 Anne, made and paffed in the twelfth year of her faid late Majejly s reign jft.i.c.	(intituled,	An adi to raife one million two hundred thoufand

pounds for publick ufes, by circulating a further fum in exchequer bijis9 and for enabling her Majefty to raife five hundred thoufand pounds on the revenues appointed for the ufes of her civil government, to be applied fpr or towards payment of fuch debts and arrears, owing to her fervants, tradefmen, and others, as are therein mentioned) it is, among ft other things, declared and enabled. That the before recited provifo or condition for determining the find yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, upon twelve months notice, after the faid firfl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred ami thirty two, upon Jiuh payments as afore fuel, Jhould be and xvas thereby repealed and made void \ and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccejjors, for ever, Jhould remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, by the name of The governor and company of the bank of England, and Jhould for ever have, receive, and enjoy the faid entire yearly fund cf one hundred thoufand pounds out of the faid rates and duties of excife, together with a perpetual Jucceffion, and all abilities, capacities} powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privilegesy profits,

Hosted by Google

9

i742-] Anno decimo qulnto Georgii II. C.13.

and advantages whatfoever, whereunto the governor and company of the hank of England are, <?r before the making of the /aid a51 were intitled by any aft or afts of parliament, grants, tfr charters then in force, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch refriftions,	directions,	agreements > matters and things, 0j	yi/W afts and charters, or any of

them,	m force, were contained or prefcribed; tf/zi /V zow thereby

alfo further provided and enafted,	/zw, upon	twelve

months notice, after the firjl day of Auguft, which fhould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fucceffors, of the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, without any deduction, difcount, or abatement whatfoever, and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, of all arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interef money which fhould be owing to them upon all fuch tallies, exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company, or their fucceffors, fhould have remaining in their hands, or be intitled to, at the tirhe of fuch notice to be given, as a-fore faid-, (fuch funds, for redemption whereof other provifion is made in the faid former afts, or any of them, or in the faid recited aft, always excepted) then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds fhould ceafe and determine', and it is alfo further provided and enafted. That from and after fuch redemption of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and from and after redemption fioould be made by parliament of the annuity of one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen fillings, and five pence, by the faid recited aft of the feventh year of her faid late Majefys reign, fettled and payable to the faid governor and company, in the manner therein mentioned, andfrom and after redemption fhould likewife be made of the fund ejlablifhed by the faid recited aft, in relation to the faid exchequer bills; then, and not till then, the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England fhould ceafe and determine; but till then the faid governor and company fhould continue a corporation, and floojald have and enjoy all the powers and privileges they were intitled to, as afore-faid, as by the fame aft (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: and ivhereas the faid governor and company of the bank of England, in regard the common inter ef for money is very much LJfened under your Majefys mof dufpicious government, are zvilling and contented to advance and pay into the receipt of your Majefly's exchequer, towards the fupply granted to your Majefiy for the fervice pf the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty tivo, the further fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, upon their prefent yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, being allowed a dif count after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum for the fame, from the refpeftive time or times of advancing or paying the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, into the exchequer, as aforefaid, to the firfi day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, over and above the faid yearly fund pf one hundred thoufand pounds, and the faid governor and company

Hosted by Google

ID	Anno	decimo quinto GeoRGH II. C.13.	[1742.

of the bank of England, are adfo willing to accept of an annuity of ninety fix thoufand pounds from the faid firfi day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, being after the rate of three ' pounds per centum per annum, upon the whole principal fium of three million two hundred thoufand pounds, together with the allowance of four thoufand pounds per annum, hitherto granted them towards their charges of management, fiubjeft to fiuch conditions and power of redemption as are herein after mentirned\ provided that the prefent yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds payable to the faid governor and company, in refpeB of their faid original capital of one millio?i fix hundred thoufatid pounds, be continued unto them until the faid firjl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, and that the privilegt of exclufive bankings and all other the abilities, capacitieSy powerSy authoritiesy franchifesy exemptionSy privileges, profitSy and advantages in this aSty or any former aft mentioned or containedy be granted and confirmed to the faid governor and company : now we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjecfts the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being defirous, not only to raife the neceffary fupplies with as much eafe as is poffible to your Majefty’s fubjecfts, for the carrying on the prefent war with vigour, but alfo to ufe fuch ways and means in doing thereof, as that your Majefty may have the better and more fpeedy effecft of the faid fupplies, and to encourage the faid governor and company to advance the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds in the manner herein after-mentioned* do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena6ted;

*	and	be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid governor and company of ,the bank of Englandy and their fucceffors, fhall advance and pay tor°be°prefent into t^ie receipt °f his Majefty’s exchequer for his Majefty’s year.	ufe,	the full fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds,

on or before the twenty fifth day of Decembery one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, at fuch times, and in fuch propor-*'*?&£* tions, as- the commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any than 400,0001. three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, at a month's (hall think fit to direcft and appoint, fo as the faid governor and company be not obliged to pay more than four hundred thoufand pounds at any one time, nor without having one month’s notice before each refpedlive time of payment.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That out of the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, the faid governor and company fhall have and receive back by way of difcount, fo much as the intereft at the rate of three pounds per xentum per annum for each fum of money which fhall be actually advanced and paid, for or upon account of the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds fhall amount unto, from the day of the aclual payment thereof, until the firft day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred and forty three -r and in cafe the laid governor

Bank to advance i>6oo,oool.

notice.

Three per cent, to be difeounted.

Hosted by Google

1742.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c.13.

vernor and company of the bank of England fhall make failure in any of the faid payments fo by this acft appointed to be made into his Majefty’s exchequer, as aforefaid, at or before the refpe<5t> ive days or times limited before in that behalf, the money whereof fuch failure in payment fhall be made, fhall and may be recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, by adlion of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefiminfler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law fhall be allowed, or any more than one im-

11

or

parlance; in which a&ion, bill, fuit, or information, it fhall be lawful to declare, that the faid governor and company of the bank of England are indebted to his Majefty the monies of which they fhall have made default in payment, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which fhall be fuf-.ficLnt; and in or upon fuch action, bill, fuit, or information, ^he bank on there fhall be further recovered to his Majefty’s ufe againft the failure of pay-faid governor and company of the faid bank of England, damages, ment, to for-after the rate of twelve pounds per centum for the monies fo un- feit iz\. per paid contrary to this a6t, befides full cofts of fuit, and the faid ceJJt* W1*h . governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc- ftock liable?11* ceffors, and their faid flock and funds, fhall be, and are hereby made fubjeft and liable thereunto.

III.	And for the encouragement of the faid governor and company of the bank of England to advance and pay the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, with fuch difcount out of the fame as aforefaid; and to the end the faid governor and company, and their fucceflors, may have a competent re-compence and confideration for fo doing; it is hereby declared prov;poes 0f and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid feverai and redemption in refpecflive provifoes contained in the faid recited a<5ls of the fe- the a6ts 7 and venth and twelfth years of the reign of her late majefty Queen ** Ann. re-Anne, and each of them, and all other provifoes contained in Pealed* any other a61 or a6ts of parliament for determining the faid fund of one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the refpe&ive notices and payments in the fame re-fpeclive a£ts mentioned, fhall be and are hereby repealed and made void; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England fo enlarged as aforefaid, and theif fucceflors for ever pel-p^fa? fuc_ fhall remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, celTion, and by the name aforefaid, and fhall for ever have, receive, and en- exclufive joy the faid entire yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, out of the faid rates and duties of excife, together with a perpetual fucceflion, and privilege of exclufive banking, as herein after is mentioned; and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages whatfoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England are, or before the making this aft were, intitled by the faid acts of the feventh and twelfth years of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne, or either of them, or by any other aft or ads of parliament, grants, or charters

what-

banking confirmed,

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

^2

tiil Au< 2764.

S Geo. 1

s Geo. 2

Anno decimo quinto GeoRGII II. C.ig. [ 1742 ^

whatfoever now in force, all which are by this act ratified and confirmed to the faid governor and company, and their fuc'cef-fors, freed and difeharged of and from the faid provifoes and conditions of redemption hereby repealed, or intended to be repealed as aforefaid, and all other provifoes, powers, a6ts, matters and things whatfoever, heretofore had, made, done or committed, for redeeming, determining or making void the faid corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, and the faid privilege of exclufive banking, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits and advantages, or any of them, fubjeeft never-thelefs to fuch reftri&ions, rules and directions, and alfo to fuch other agreements, matters and things, as in the faid acts and charters, or any of them now in force are contained or pre-feribed, and alfo fubject to the power and condition of redemption, hereafter in this act contained in this behalf.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the f* authority aforefaid. That at any time upon twelve months notice after the firft day of Anguft, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament to the faid governor and company of the bank of England\ or their fucceffors, as well of the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds formerly advanced, as of the fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds before mentioned, now to be advanced, amounting in the whole to the fum of three million two hundred thoufand pounds, without any deduction, difeount or abatement whatfoever to be made out of the faid fum of three million two hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, of all the arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and intereft money which fhall be owing unto them upon all fuch tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company, or their fucceffors, fhall have remaining in their hands, or be in-titled to at the time of fuch notice to be given, as aforefaid; fuch funds for redemption whereof other provifion is made in . c, 21. and by one aeft of parliament made and paffed in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An aft to enable the South-Sea company to difpofe of the effefts in their hands by way of lottery or fubfeription, or to fell part of their fund or annuity, payable at the exchequer, in order to pay the debts of the faid company; and for relief of fuch zvho ivcre intended to have the benefit of a late aft touching payment of ten pounds per centum therein mentioned; and in and by one other aeft of parliament c. 8, made and paffed in the firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by fale of annuities to the bank of England at four pounds per centum redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm; and for further applying the produce of the finking fund; and for enlarging the time for exchanging Nevis and Saint Chriftopher’j debentures

Hosted by Google

*3

1742.] Anno derimo quinto Georgii II. C.13.

bentures for annuities of three pounds per centum; and for applying the arrears of his late Majefty s civil lift revenues; and by one other ad of parliament made and paffed in the fecond year of the reign ^ z Q of his faid prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for raifing a fum of * one million two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, by fate of annuities to the bank of England, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum redeemable by parliament; and for applying the produce of the finking fund; always and only excepted; then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds fhall ceafe and determine.

V.	And to prevent any doubts that may arife concerning the privilege or power given by former ads of parliament to the faid governor and company of excluftve banking, and alfo in regard to the ereding any other bank or banks by parliament or re-ftraining other perfons from banking, during the continuance of the faid privilege granted to the governor and company of the bank of England, as before recited; it is hereby further enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid. That it is the true intent and meaning of this ad, that no other bank (hall be ered- No other tank ed, eftablifhed or allowed by parliament, and that it (hall not partnership be lawful for any body politick or corporate whatfoever, ereded Gf more thaii or to be ereded, or for any other perfons whatfoever, united or fix perfons, to be united in covenants or partnerlhip, exceeding the number during the

of (ix perfons, in that part of Great Biitain called England, to t^tl^anCe° borrow, owe, or take up, any fum or fums of money on their bills or notes payable at demand, or at any lefs time than (ix months from the borrowing thereof* during the continuance of fuch faid privilege to the faid governor and company, who are hereby declared to be and remain a corporation, with the privilege of exclulive banking as before recited, fubjed to redemption on the terms and conditions before mentioned; that is to fay, on one year’s notice after the fiift day ofAugufl, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and repayment of the three million two hundred thoufand pounds, and all arrears of the one hundred thoufand pounds per annumy and all the principal and intereft money that lhall be owing them on all fuch tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds (fuch funds as are before-mentioned only and always excepted) which the faid governor and company, or their fucceffors, (hall have remaining in their hands, or be intitled to at the time of fuch notice, to be given as aforefaid, and not otherwife; any thing in this ad, or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.	And whereas by the faid recited aft of parliament made and paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty fpuecn Anne, it is9 amongfi other things enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, for their neceffary occafions, to call in, or direbl to be paid to. the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, by the reffective members of the faid company for the time beings proportionably to their refpeftive inter efls in the fund or capitalflock of the faid gover-

2	mr

Hosted by Google

*4

Power to enlarge the capi tal of the bank

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. G. 13.	[1742.

nor and company,	yz/w orfums of money which the /aid governor

and company in a general court from time to time flould think neceffary, zvhich monies Jhould he called in on fuch notices, and in fuch manner, and under fuchpenalties,	/«/foyfo’J recited aft are prefcribed\ and

that it flould he lawful for the faid governor and company, from time to time, in a general courts to declare the faid money fo called in, or any part thereof, rtzzd from fuch times as fuch general court Jhould'< dire ft, /0 fo	the	capital	flock	of the faid governor and com-

pany, that from thenceforth fuch monies flould he deemed and taken as part of the capital flock of the faid governor and company,, and that the capital flock of the Jaid governor and company Jhould be propertionably enlarged thereby, but no power is given them by that or any other aft to encreafe their capital flock, by admitting or taking in fubferiptions from any other perfon or perfons than the proprietors: and whereas it is neceffary that the faid governor and company Jhould be enabled to ferve the publick in fuch way and manner as Jhall be-moft fafe and convenient for them\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, in cafe they fhall think fit, and not otherwife, to admit and take in fubferiptions from fuch perfon or perfons, and upon fuch terms and conditions, and at fuch times as they fhall think proper for enlarging their prefent capital to any fum not exceeding the further fum of one million fix hundred thou-fand pounds additional ftock, and from time to time in a general court to declare, order, and make the fame or any part thereof, and from fuch time or times as fuch general court (hall order and diredt, to be added to the prefent capital ftock of the faid governor and company, and that then and from thenceforth, fuch monies fhall be deemed and taken to all intents and purpofes, as and for part of the capital ftock of the faid governor and company, and the capital ftodl: of the faid governor and company fhall be proportionably enlarged thereby, and that all and every the perfon and perfons, natives and foreigners, who (hall fub-feribe any fum orfums of money, or for whom any fum orfums of money (hall have been fubferibed towards the making up the faid further fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds ftock, or fuch part thereof, for which the faid governor and company fhall take in fubferiptions, and who (hall have paid to the (aid governor and company the fum fo fubferibed, and the executors, adminiftrators, pad affigns of fuch,perfon and perfons refpeeftively, (hall be, and be deemed and reputed to be, members of, and united to, and incorporated with the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and (hall at all times, together with the other members of the faid corporation and body politick, and their fucceffors refpedKvely be, and be adjudged, conftrued, reputed, accepted, and taken to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of The governor and company of the bank of England, fubjedt to the fame rules, orders and regulations, and intitled to the fame privileges, advantages and immunities, with the prefent members of the faid corporations

Hosted by Google

1742.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii IT. c. 13.	15

tion; any law, flatute, or provifion to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, Bank may That the capital (lock of the laid governor and company of the transfer their bank of England, fo increafed as aforefaid, fhall be affignable and new oc * transferable in the fame manner as the original capital dock of

the faid governor and company was affignable and transferable before the making of this abl; and together with the produce thereof, fhall be free from parliamentary taxes, charges and im-pofitions, and all other taxes, charges and impofitions whatfo-ever; and the transfers or affignments of flock or additional flock in the books of the faid company, fhall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater flamp, or other duties than are now payable for the transfers or affignments of their prefent flock, or any part thereof 3 any thing in this abl contained, or in any other a<5t or abls of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- Being gover-faid, That no perfon in refpebt of his being governor, deputy nor> ot governor, dire&or, manager or member of the faid company, create no dif-or for having any flock or fhare therein, or for any matter or ability, thing to be by him done or performed in the affairs of the faid corporation, fhall be now or at any time hereafter difabled from

being or continuing, or from being elebled, or ferving as a member of parliament, or be liable, or fubjebl to any penalty, forfeiture or difability prefcribed by any other a<5l or abls of parliament, for not qualifying himfelf to execute his truft with re-fpebl to the affairs of the faid corporation, as perfons who fhall take or execute any office or place of profit or truft are fubjebl and liable unto,'by any law now in force, or be adjudged liable nor make lia-to be a bankrupt, within the intent and meaning of all or any be a the flatutes made againft or concerning bankrupts; any law, ankruPt* flatute or provifion to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared Provifo. by the authority aforefaid. That it is the true intent and meaning of this abl, that the faid governor and company of the bank

of England, and their fucceftors, fhall have, receive and enjoy the faid annuity of one hundred thoufand pounds now payable to them, in refpebl of their faid original capital flock of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, until the faid firft day of Augujl, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, over and above the interefl of the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds to be advanced, as aforefaid; which interefl the faid governor and company are to receive back by way of difeount in the manner herein before mentioned; any thing in this a6l, or any former abl or abls of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwith-llanding.

X.	And it is hereby alfo enabled and declared by the autho- ^ j^e rity aforefaid, That any vote or refolution of the houfe of com- a noat*1Ce a0

mons the bauk with*



Hosted by Google

16	Anno	decimo quinto GeorCII II. c.13,	[1742;

.	ean	0:101:18 figged by the fpeaker of the faid houfe in writing, and

ingof this aft. delivered at the publick office of the faid governor and company, or their fucceffiors, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be a fufficient notice within the words or meaning of this aft 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithffanding.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons coun- That if any perfon or perfons fhall forge, counterfeit or alter atterhi11 bank any bank note, bank bill of exchange, dividend warrant, or any notes, &c. bond or obligation under the common feal of the faid company, to fuffer death. or any indorfement thereon, or fhall offer or difpofe of or put away any fuch forged, counterfeit, or altered note, bill, dividend warrant, bond or obligation, or the indorfement thereon, or demand the money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the faid company, or any their officers or fervants, knowing fuch note, bill, dividend warrant, bond or obligation, or the indorfement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with intent to defraud the faid company, or their fucceffors, or any other perfon or perfons whatfo-ever, every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convifted in due form of law, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and (half fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy. Servants	XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

breaking their That if any officer or fervant of the faid company being entruft-corn t^^(j|ail,e<^ ^*Jtb <iny note, bill, dividend warrant, bond, deed, or any fuffer^e^’th^ fecurity, money, or other effefts belonging to the faid company, or having any bill, dividend warrant, bond, deed, or any fecurity or effefts of any other perfon or perfons lodged or depoflted with the faid company, or with him as an officer or fervant of the faid company, fhall fecrete, imbezil, or run away with any fuch note, bill, dividend warrant, bond, deed, fecurity, money or effefts, or any part of them, every officer or fervant fo offending, and being thereof convifted in due form of law, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

Conftitutionof XIII. And whereas by the charter or confitution of the faid com-* the company, pany, it is ordained, appointed, and declared, That there fall be front time to time for ever of the members of the faid company, a govern nor, deputy governor, and twenty four directorj, of and in the faid corporation; which governor, deputy governor^ and dire£1ors, or any thirteen or more of them (of which the governor or deputy governor to be ahvays one) Jhall be, and be called a court of directors for the ordering, managing and direSling the affairs of the faid corporation, and Jhall have fuch powers or privileges as are therein mentionedi and whereas by the above mentioned limitation it may fo happen that a court of directors cannot be held by reafon of the unavoidable ab-fence, or otherivife, of the governor a?id deputy governor for the time being, to the great damage and hindrance of the bufmefs of the ^oofe^cliair^corporation3 be it therefore enafted by the authority afore-man to fupply feid, That whenever a court of direftors is fummoned or ap** the abfence of pointed to be held, and the direftors fhall be rfiet according to the governor fuch fummons or appointment* if it fhall fo happen, that the

gover-

Hosted by Google

I742*] Anno decimo quinto GeoRgii II. c.i4,—18.	17

governor and deputy governor for the time being, fhall be ab- af meet« fent for the fpace of two hours dfter the ufual time of proceed- ng% ing to bufinefs; it fhall and may be lawful for the directors, who fhall be then met (of whom there fhall bealways thirteen or more) or the major part of them,to choofe a chairman for that time,and to proceed to bufinefs, and that the proceedings and afts of the faid court of directors, fhall be as valid and effeftual to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid governor, or deputy governor had been prefent; any thing in their charter to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid, Publick aft That this aft fhall be deemed, adjudged and taken to b£ a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of by all judges, ju-ftices and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAR XIV*

An aft to explain and amend two afts of parliament, one rriade in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for repairing the highways from Sheet Bridge in the parifh of Petersfeld% to the town of Portfmouth in the county of Southampton ; and another aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty KingGeorge the Firft, for enlarging the term in and by the faid aft granted, and for o-ther purpofes therein mentioned, and for enlarging the term and powers by the faid laft mentioned aft granted.

CAP. XV,

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by atl aft pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An a ft for repairing the roads leading from Cirencejler town's-end to Saint John's bridge in the county of Gloucejier.

Phe aft continued for z i years.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for continuing the powers granted by three fevetal afts of parliament (one for repairing the road from Stump-crofs to Newmarket-heath, and the town of Cambridge,; another for repairing the road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and the third for explaining, amending, and rendring more effeftual the faid two former afts;) and for enlarging the terms granted by the faid two former afts.

cthe former afts continued for 21 years,

CAP. XVII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafted in the feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the feveral roads leading from the town of Ludbury in the county of Hereford, to the feveral places therein mentioned; and for making the faid aft more effeftual.

fhe former aft continued for 21 years*

CAP. XVIII.

An aft to render more effeftup.l an aft made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majefty King William the Third, intituled, An aft for ere ft ing hofpitals and workhoufes within the town of Colchejier in the county of EJfex, for the better employing and maintaining the poor thereof

Vo 1.XVllL	C ,	CAP.

I*

Anno decimoquinto Georgii II. c.19.	[17421

Preamb’e,

The finking fund appropriated to pay the annuities.

Subfcription-money to be paid at the bank.

CAP. XIX.

An att for granting to his Majejly the fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed by annuities transferr able at the bank of England^ and for afcertaining the cuftoms and duties upon quick-fifaer taken as prize during the prefent war \ and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

Mo ft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being de-firous to raife the neceffary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty, in the ealieft manner we are able, for the benefit of your fubjefts, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this a<ft do give and grant unto your Ma-jefty the fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed in fuch manner and form as is herein after directed j and to that end do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the annuities which by this adt (hall be granted and made payable, in refpedf of the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, until redemption thereof by parliament in manner herein after mentioned, (hall from and after the feaft day of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the monies which from and after the faid feaft day fhall, from time to time, arife and be remaining in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of or for the furplufles, exceffes or overplus monies of the fund, commonly called the Sinking fund, and the faid furplufles, exceffes or overplus monies are hereby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly.

II. And for or towards raiflng the fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds for the purpofes aforefaid, be it further ena<5led by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay to the firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, at or before the refpecftive days and times by this a<5t limited in that behalf, any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds for the purchafe of any annuity or annuities, to commence from the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Bap-lift, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and to be paid and payable to fuch contributor or contributors, or fuch as he, fhe or they fhall nominate, his, her or their executors, administrators, fucceffors or afligns refpedtively,

until

Hosted by Google

1742.] Anho decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 19.	19

until the Tame (hall be redeemed according to the tenor or true meaning of the provifo or condition herein after mentioned in that behalf, fo as fuch cafhier or cafhiers do firft give fecurity to CafHerof the the good liking of any three or more of the commiffioners	give

his Majefty’s treafury now being, or of the high treafurer or ecun commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, for duly an-fwering and paying into the receipt of his Majefty*s 'exchequer* for the publick ufe, the monies fo to be advanced or contributed, and to account duly for the fame, which annuities before mentioned (hall be computed at the rate of three pounds per Annuities to centum per annum for every one hundred pounds, and propor-be 3 percent* tionably for any greater fum fo to be advanced or paid ; and the purchafe money for every fuch annuity, at the rate aforefaid, is hereby appointed to be paid to the faid caftiier or cafhiers as aforefaid, at or before the refpe&ive days and times herein after 11-mited; that is to fay, one fourth part thereof on or before the fixth Times of payday of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred ]_nS the fub-and forty two ; and one other fourth part thereof on or before ^eI*Ptlon‘mQU • the fixth day of September then next enfuing; and one other fourth part thereof on or before the fixth day of November then next enfuing; and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the fixth day of December then next following; all which annuities fo to be purchafed (hall not exceed in the whole the fum of twenty four thoufand pounds per annum, and fhall be paid and payable at two of the mod ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the feafts of the birth of our Lord Chrift, 'Times of 3 and the nativity of Saint John the Baptijl, or within fix days after ing t^e * every of the faid feaft days, the firft payment thereof to be due nuities, at the faid feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, or within fix days after the faid feaft day; neverthelefs the faid annuities fhall be redeemable according to the purport and Annuities to true meaning of a provifo or condition herein after contained redeem-in that behalf, and not otherwife ; and the faid caftiier or cafhiers able, of the faid governor and company for the time being, is hereby caftqefto 2\yt authorized and required, upon the advancing and paying to him receipts, ^ any fuch fum or fums of money as aforefaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing, figned by himfelf, for each payment, to the contributor or payer thereof; and from time to time to pay into ancj the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer all the monies which he money into th* lhall receive of or for the faid fum, not exceeding eight hun- exchequer, dred thoufand pounds, as faft as he fhall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days at the fartheft, and to account for all the monies fo to be advanced and paid to him in his Majefty’s court of exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof; in which account the faid caftiier or c a finer s fhall have juft allowance of all monies which he (hall have paid for prompt payment, purfuant to this a<5L

III. And it is hereby enaefted, That in the office of the ac- Contributors cotnptant general of the governor and company of the bank of names to be England for the time being, there fhall be provided and kept a fntr^ ln

C

book

books at the bank.

20	Anno	decimo quinto Georgii II* C. 19.	[	1742J

book or books, in, which there (hall be fairly entered the names of all who fhall be contributors for fuch annuities,'after the rate of three pounds per ce?itum per annum as aforefaid, and of all per-fons by whofe hands the faid contributors (hall pay in any of the faid fums upon this abt, and alfo the fum fo paid ; to which book or books it fhall be lawful for the faid refpebhve contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, from time to time, to have refort at all feafonable times, and to in-Duplicate	fpebt the fame without fee or charge; and the faid accomptant

books to be	general for the time being (hall, on or before the twenty fifth

tranfmitted to day of March, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thou-tiit exchequer. pancj feven hundred and forty three, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books, into . the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

IV.	And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every contributor and contributors upon this abl, duly paying the confideration or purchafe money at the rate aforefaid, at or before the refpebtive days and times in this a61 before limited in that behalf, for fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, or fuch as he, (lie, or they fhall appoint, his, her, or their refpebtive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors or affigns, fhall have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this a61 to have, receive, and enjoy the refpebtive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed out of the monies by this abt appropriated or appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid, and fhall have good and lure eftates and interefts therein for ever, fubjebt only to the provifo or condition of redemption in this abt afterwards contained concerning the fame; and that all the faid annuities to be purchafed on this abt, and the principal monies paid for the fame, and every of them during the continuance thereof, (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

V.	And for the more eafy and fure payment of the faid annuities to be purchafed as aforefaid, according to the true meaning of this prefent a6t; it is hereby further enabled by the au-

The bank to . thority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the chief ea(hi r ^ank England, and their fucceffors, fhall, from time to time, and an^c-61*’ until the faid annuities fhall be redeemed by parliament accord-comptant ge- ing to this abt, appoint and employ one fufficient perfon within neraJ.	their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firfb cafhier

or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon within the fame office, to be their accomptant general, and that fo much of the monies of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies of the fund, commonly called The jinking fund, which fhall or ought to be from time to time feparated and fet apart in the faid receipt of exchequer, for anfwering the faid annuities to be purchafed upon this abt, after the faid rate of three pounds per centum per annum, fhall, by order of the commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or of the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors for the time being, without any further

or

Annuities to be paid free of charges.

Hosted by Google

1742.3	Anno decimo qainto Georgii II. c. 19.	21

or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, be from time to time half yearly as aforefaid, iflued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the faid fir ft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England ^ and of their fucceffors for the time being, by way of im-preft, and upon account of the payment of the faid annuities to be purchafed upon this a61, at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form as are by this ad prefcribed in that behalf; and that all and every fuch cafhier and cafhiers, to whom the faid monies fhall from time to time be iflued, fhall from time to time without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VI.	And it is hereby alfo enaded, That the faid accomptant The bufinefs general for the time being, fhall from time to time infped and 0f the ac-examine all the receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or comptant ge-calhiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to pre- neral<

vent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who (hall be intitled to any of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, fhall be poflefled thereof as pf a perfonal eftate, and the fame fhall not be defcendable tQthe heir, and (hall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the Cuftom of London, or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And for the encouragement of the contributors to advance and pay readily to the faid cafhier or cafhiers the fums by them intended to be advanced upon this adt; it is hereby provided and enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch contributor who fhall advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers within the times limited by this adt, the purchafe money payable for an annuity or annuities, at the rate aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns refpedtively, fhall be allowed and paid out of the contribution-money, arifing by this adt, intereft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for prompt payment of the purchafe mo- ^ ney, or of fuch proportions of the purchafe money, as (hall he payment, advanced before the faid fixth day of July, one thoufand feven r hundred and forty two, or before any other the refpedtive days of payment, appointed by this ad!, as aforefaid, the faid intereft

to be computed, for the refpedtive fums fo advanced and paid to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, from the time or refpedtive times of the adtual advancing and paying the fame to the faid cafhier, until the faid refpedlive days of payment, appointed by this adt as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, The money • That all the monies to be advanced or contributed upon this adt, contributed to for, or towards the faid fum, not exceeding eight hundred thou- ^^caPita* land pounds, fhall be deemed, reputed, and taken tQ be one

capital or joint (lock, on which the faid annuities* after the rate

c 3	of

Hosted by Google

2Z

Transfer IpGoks to tje kept.

Annuities >r»ny be deviled.

No (lamps on transfers.

Anno cjeoimo quinto Georgii II. C. 19:	[1742.

pf three pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending; and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfo-ever, in proportion to the money, by him, her, or them, advanced upon this a<5t, (hall have, and be deemed to have an in-tereft or (hare in the faid flock, and in the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid, for the monies fo by him, her, or them advanced; and that the faid capital, or joint flock, or any fhare or intereft therein, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, (hall be affignable, and transferable as this a<5t diredls, and not otherwife; and that there (hall con-ftantly be kept at all feafonable times in the office of the faid chief accomptant for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books, wherein all affignments or transfers of the faid flock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid, fhall be entered and regiftred, which entries fhall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and fnall be figned by the parties making fuch affignments or transfers, or, if fuch party be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney, thereunto lawfully authorized by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefled by two or more credible witnefles, and that the perfon or perfons to whom fuch tranf-fer fhall be made do underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of affigning or transferring the faid flock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good or available in law.

IX.	Provided always, That any perfon or perfons poflefled of fuch flock with the annuity or annuities attending the fame, or any eftate or intereft therein, may deyife the fame by will, in writing, attefled by two or more credible witnefles, but that fuch devifee fnall receive no payment thereupon, till fo much of the faid will as relates to the faid flock or annuity be entered in the faid office ; and in default of fuch transfer or devife, the faid flock and annuities attending the fame, (hall go to the executors, or adminiflrators; and that no ftamp duties whatfoever, fnall be chargeable on the faid transfers, or any of them, any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And it is hereby enabled apd declared, That all perfons who (hall accept any affignmept or transfer of any flock, from

Acceptors of

ifock <0 pay

any contributor who (hall have paid only part of the contribu-contnuution. .J	.	.	-	f	, r I r, , .. . n ,, .

tion-money tor the fame, to the ufe or the publick, (hall be

liable to pay the refidue of the faid contribution-money, and to

fuch forfeitures for non-payment thereof, as the original con^

tributor would h^ve been liable, if no fuch transfer had been

made.

jProvifo.	XI.	Provided	always.	That	no	perfon or perfons whatfoever,

fhall or may purchafe or obtain, or be admitted to purchafe or obtain any of the annuities at the rate aforefaid, upon this act, unlefs the whole, or one fourth part at leaft, of the confederation money for £he fame, at fuch rate as aforefaid, be advanced, ............................................................ and

Hosted by Google

1742J Anno decimo qulnto Georgii II. c. 19.	%%

and paid to the faid cafhier, on or before the fixth day of Jufyy one thoufand feven hundred and forty two.

XII.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor as Penalty on not aforefaid, who (hall, on or before the faid fixth day of July* one Paym£ th.e thoufand feven hundred and forty two, have advanced to the ^oney utIon* faid cafhier or cafhiers, one fourth part of his, her, or their purchafe money, or his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors or affigns, do not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers one other fourth part of his, her, or their confidera-tion money, fo to be paid for fuch refpedive annuity or annuities as aforefaid, on or before the fixth day of September, then next enfuing, and one other fourth part thereof, on or before the fixth day of November, then next following, and the remaining fourth part thereof, on or before the fixth day of December, then next following, then and in every fuch cafe refpedively, fo much of the confideration money as fhall have been adually paid for the firft payment, to the faid cafhier or cafhiers for fuch refpec-tive annuity fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and no interefl at the rate aforefaid fhall be payable for the faid firfl payment, any thing in this ad contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the au- Bank to con-

thority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the tinue a corpo-bank of England, and their fucceffors (notwithftanding the re- ration till the demption oj all or any their own funds in purfuance of the ads ^e^medbe for eflablifhing the fame, or any of them) fhall continue a cor-	e	*

poration, with all the powers, privileges, and advantages thereunto belonging for the purpofes in this ad exprefled, till all the annuities to be purchafed on this ad, fhall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that

behalf; and that the faid governor and company, or any mem- This ad to bers thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon of cf?ate 110 ^ their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this ad.	a	11 y.

XIV.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, No fee to be That no fee or gratuity whatfoever, fhall or may be demanded

or taken of any of his Majefty’s fubjeds for receiving or paying the faid contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or other receipts concerning the lame, or for bluing the faid yearly fund, or any part thereof, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of them; and that no fee or gratuity fhall be demanded or taken, for any transfer of any fum great or fmall to be made in purfuance of this ad, upon pain, that the officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this ad, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with full cofls of fait in 2ny of his Majefty’s courts of record at WeJhninjler.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That the Allowance to commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them the cafhiers, now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall have

power to allow to the cafhier or cafhiers, who fhall receive the f	C4	faid

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo qulnto GeoRGII II. c. 19.	tx742.

faid contribution or advance money, not exceeding eight hundred thousand pounds as aforefaid, for his or their pains and trouble in receiving and accounting for the fame, a fum not exceeding five hundred pounds out of the contribution or advance money aforefaid; and fhall alfo have power out of the faid fur^ pluiTes, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, to allow and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers for the time being, an allowance not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds per annum for receiving the money to pay the annuities upon this a6f, and applying the fame to that ufe, and for his pains and trouble in keeping and rendering his accounts there-and accompt- of; and an allowance not exceeding two hundred pounds per ant genera], annum to the faid accomptant general for the time being, for his fervice and trouble in performing the duty and truft incumbent upon him by this a6I; any thing in this or any other a6I contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Manner of re- XVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadled by the autho-deeming of rity aforefaid. That at any time upon one year’s notice to be the annuities, printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Ex-change-in London, by authority of parliament, at any of the half yearly feaft days for payment of the faid annuities, and upon re-* payment by parliament of the principal fums for which the faid annuities fhall be payable to fuch refpedlive perfons or corporations as fhall be intitled to the fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities* then, and not till then, the faid annuities fhall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed ; and from and after fuch redemption, the monies arifing by the faid furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies of the fund commonly called The fmking fund, fhall hot be iffued or applied to any ufe or purpofe other than fuch ufes and purpofes as have been directed by any former a61 or acfts What fhall be of parliament in that' behalf; any thing in this or any former Sufficient aft or afts Gf parliament to the contrary notwithftanding. And notice.	that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons fignified by

the fpeaker in writing to be inferred in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice within the words and meaning of this a6t.

The monev XVII. And to the end there may be no want or failure of a may be railed certain fum, not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of eight by exchequer hundred thoufand pounds, for the publick fervice, be it further ' s>	enadled	by	the	authority	aforefaid,	That	in	cafe the commiffion-

ers of bis Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-miffioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall judge it more advifeable to raife the faid fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans as aforefaid, that then they refpeftively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer.

Hosted by Google

*5

t742.3	Anno decimo quinto Georgii II.' c, 19.

qu.er, any number of exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fuin of eight hundred thoufand pounds, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, arid according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain act of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing the duties.upon malt, mum, cyder^ and perry in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majejiy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, are enacted or pre-fcribed, concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the fame act.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, in the fame

That all and every the claufes, provisoes, powers, privileges, manner a$diadvantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in	^iC

the faid laft mentioned act, relating to the exchequer bills authorized to be made by the fame act, except fuch claufes as do

charge the fame on the duties or impofitions granted or continued by the fame a<t, fhall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft mentioned act, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this prefent act.

XIX.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all Exchequer the exchequer bills which fhall be made in purfuance of this act, b^j

and the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to or at- J?he finking tending the fame, fhall be and are hereby charged and charger fund, able upon, and fhall be repaid and borne by and out of the growing produce of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called the finking fund, except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other act or acts of parliament in that behalf; and fuch monies of the faid finking fund fhall and may be ifliied and applied as faft as the fame can be regularly ftated and afcer-tained for and towards paying off,‘cancelling, and difcharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them fhall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharg-ed, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand of the refpective proprietors thereof.

XX.	Provided always, and it is hereby intended. That the fum of five hundred pounds, and alfo the feveral fums of two hundred and fifty pounds, and two hundred pounds per annum, by this acft granted as aforefaid, as an allowance to the faid caT fhier or cafhiers, and accomptant general, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid gqvernor and company, and at their diL pofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary not^ withftanding.

XXL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Annuities be-•That his royal hiehnefs the prince of Wales, or his royal high- lodging to the

“	nef?	royal tamUy

Hosted by Google

(hall pay no taxes.

Qnickfilver taken from the enemy, liow to be taxed.

26	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georgii	II.	c. 19.	[1742.

nefs the duke of Cumberland, or their royal highnefles the princefs royal, the princefs Amalie, the princefs Carolina, and the princefs Lovifa, (hall not be charged with any fees or taxes for or in re-fpedt of any annuities or yearly payments granted by his Majefty to their faid royal highnefles, or any of them, but that fuch annuities or yearly payments, and their faid royal highnefles, for the time of the continuance of thofe refpecftive annuities, or yearly payments, (hall be free and clear from all fees, taxes, impofi-tions, or other charges whatfoever.

XXII.	A?id whereas during the prefent war with Spain, a great quantity of quickfilver hath been taken from the enemy in the American feas, and hath been condemned as prize, part whereof is already brought into this kingdom, and is now lying in warehoufes, and being of the product of Europe, it 'may be a doubt, whether the fame by the laws now in force may not be fubjeft to the payment of the high duties to his Majefty, as not coming from the place of its growth, which zvill not only be a difcouragement to the captors and importers thereof \ but will put them under a nece/fiiy to fend fuch goods for the future direftly to foreign markets, which will be a lofs to his Maje-fty s revenue, and tend to the prejudice of the trade of this kingdom ; for remedy whereof, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all quickfilver which has been already taken from the enemy, or (hall at any time or times hereafter betaken, during this prefent war, and hath been or fhall be condemned as prize, and which has been brought, or fhall hereafter be brought into this kingdom, in any Britifh fhips, duly navigated according to law, and for which the duties due to his Majefty have not been already paid, or fecured to be paid, (hall be fubjecft to the payment of fuch and the like cuftoms and duties only, to which the fame would be by law liable, if imported diredlly from the place or places of its growth; any law, cuftom, orufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the ex^

monies grant- chequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one a<ft of ment.P 1 U~ ^is feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing to bis Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand fcven hundred and forty two; and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the duties thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame a£t, and all theintereft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifingthe faid duties, fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other a6l of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand /even hundred andforty ‘	g	'	'	tW)

Appropriation of the

Hosted by Google

27

1742-]	Anno declmo quinto GeoRGH II. c. igl

two; and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame act, and all the intereft, premium, or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid land tax, fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and all the monies ariling into the exchequer, not exceeding one million upon one other aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to bis Majejiy a certain fumout of the finking fund, towards the fupply for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, by or from the furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies commonly called The finking fund; and all the monies coming in the exchequer upon one other aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for eftahlifhing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, towards the fup-ply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and the fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds by this aft granted, as aforefaid, (hall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes herein after exprefled, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch reftriftions as is herein after prefcribed; that is to fay, it is hereby enafted and declared. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there fhall and may be iflued and applied, any fum or fums of money not exceeding two million two hundred flxty eight thoufand (even hundred fifty fix pounds, feven-teen (hillings, and one penny, for or towards the naval fervices herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, For or 2,268,756!. towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majefty’s T7S- 1 d. for navy, and for halfpay to fea officers, and for or towards viftuals,naval erviC€S* wages, weaf and tear of the navy, and the viftualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea fervices in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed.

XXIV.	And it is hereby alfo enafted. That out of all or any 168,645!. 15s. the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iflued 7d. for tranf-and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hun- deforces to ^ dred flxty eight thoufand fix hundred forty five pounds, fifteen America, (hillings and feven pence, for or towards the charge of tranfports

hired to carry the forces to America; and any fum or fums ofIII)917jt I9S> money not exceeding one hundred and eleven thoufand, nine id. for vie-hundred and feventeen pounds, nineteen (hillings, and onetuals. penny, for the expence of viftuals provided for the foldiers employed in the expedition in America.

XXV.	And it is hereby alfo enafted. That out of all or any io,oool. to the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued Greenwich and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thou- bofpital. fand pounds, upon account, towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen

of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country^	?

J£XVI? And it is hereby alfo enafted. That out of all or any

the

Hosted by Google

2,8

210,4.3d- t6s, to the office of ordnance.

206,2531, 15s. for the marines.

1,809,143 I**

19 s. 10 d. for maintaining the land forces, guards and garrifons, viz.

1,004,94.7 1. and 10 d. for maintaining 35>55+Active men.

Including 2323 invalids.

53,9951.13s. 4d. for a regiment of foot in America.

266,6161 • 6s. 5d. halfpenny, for garrifons at Minorca, Gibraltar, &c.

44,oo8l. 3s.

7d. halfpenny, fo1 extraordinary expences in the year 1741.

j i,6 r 11. 13s. for officers going with genet al Wentworth, in T742.'

Anno decimo quinto GeoRGH II. C. 19;	[1742;*

the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred and ten thoufand four hundred thirty one pounds, fixteen (hillings, for or towards the defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervices, not provided for by parliament.

XXVII.	And it is alfo hereby enacfted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred and fix thoufand, two hundred fifty three pounds, fifteen {hillings, for defraying the charge of eleven thoufand five hundred and fifty marines, commiffion and non-commiffion officers included, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two.

XXVIII.	And it is hereby likewife ena&ed, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforelaid, there fhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one million eight hundred and nine thoufand one hundred forty three pounds, nineteen (hillings, and ten pence for or towards maintaining his Majefty’s land forces, and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled 3 that is to fay, any fum or fums of money not exceeding one million and four thoufand nine hundred forty feven pounds, and ten pence, for defraying the charge of thirty five thoufand five hundred and fifty four effective men, commiffion and non-commiffion officers included, and alfo including two thoufand three hundred and twenty three invalids, for guards, garrifons, and other his Majefty’s land forces in Great Britain, Weft Indies, Guernfey, and 'Jerfey, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty three thoufand nine hundred ninety five pounds, thirteen {hillings, and four pence, for maintaining a regiment of foot raifed in Ameri* ca for the fervice of the Weft Indies, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred fixty fix thoufand fix hundred and fixteen pounds, fix (hillings, and five pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majefty’s land forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis RoyaL> Canfo^ Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar, and Georgia, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty four thoufand and eight pounds, three (hillings, and feven pence, for defraying feveral extraordinary expences and fervices incurred in the year one thoufand (even hundred and forty one, and not provided for by parliament; and any furtl or fums of money not exceeding eleven thoufand fix hundred and eleven pounds, thirteen (hillings, for maintaining the charge of feveral officers appointed by his Maje.fty to go with the forces on the expedition under the commandW major general Wentworth, for the yeaf one thoufand (even hundred and forty two; and any fum or fums

Hosted by Google

ty42.] , Anno decimo cjuinto Georgii II. 0.19.	29

of money not exceeding one thoufand two hundred feventy feven **77!• T°s* pounds, and ten (hillings, for maintaining the charge of ftaff officers appointed by his Majefty to attend the hofpita! e- the hoipital. * ftablifhed for the fervice of the expedition under the command of major general Wentworth, for the year one thoufand feven 74)T92j s hundred arid forty two 5 and any fum or fums of money not^. for feve-exceeding feventy four thoufand one hundred ninety two pounds, rai regiments five (hillings, and four pence, for defraying the charge of one transferred regiment of horfe, two regiments of dragoons, and four regi- t^theBritifli ments of foot, transferred from the !riJl?Xo the Britijb	eftablifliment.

ment, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; 47,2731. 9s. and any fum Or fums of money not exceeding forty feven thou- 3d. halfpen-fand two hundred feventy three pounds, nine (hillings, and five Ayftor the Da-pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of what remains to be”1 J:r00Ps> paid to the troops of his majefty the King of Denmark, being one thoufand one hundred and ninety four horfe, and five thoufand fix hundred and ninety two foot, together with the general officers in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fifth day of March exclufive, to the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one inclufive; and any fum or sly°71}- 4s• fums of money not exceeding fifty one thoufand feventy two ^ pounds, four (hillings, and two pence halfpenny, for defraying t°00pS> I7^. the charge of the faid troops of the King of Denmark, in the * pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fixth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, to the third day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one-two, both inclufive, together with the proportion of the fubfidy due for the faid time, and alfo for forty two days pay and waggon money for their return home, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty three thoufand three hundred and 33,3091. 7s, nine pounds, feven (hillings, for defraying the charge of what arrears to the remains to be paid to the troops of his majefty the King of	trooPs

Sweden as Landgrave of Heffe Cajfel, being one thoufand two I74°* hundred and (ixty four horfe, and four thoufand nine hundred and eight foot, together with the general officers and train of artillery in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fifth day of March exclufive, to the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one inclufive 3 and any fum ts 1,607!, 17s. or fums of money not exceeding one hundred fixty one thoufand id. halfpenny fix hundred and feven pounds, feventeen. (hillings, and one for the Heffhn penny halfpenny, for defraying the charge of the faid troops 0f tr00Ps I7+I‘ the King of Sweden as Landgrave of HejJe Cajfel, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fixth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, to the twenty fifth day of' December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-two, both inclufive, together with the fubfidy for the fame time, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty five thoufand feven hundred thirty one pounds, fix (hillings eight pence, for defraying the charge of the general and ftaff Flanders officers appointed to attend the forces in Flanders, together 1742, with the contingencies for the faid fervice, for the year one thoufand

Hosted by

Google

So

1365!. for an liofpital in Flanders.

27,9681. is. 6d. for halfpay officers.

4-iCSl. for penfions to reduced officers widows.

500,000!. to fupport the houfe of Auftria, &cc.

Several fums repaid the finking fund.

4048I. 14s. 7d, additional itamp duties.

ao,oool

duty.

fait

•77.600!. fait duty.

Anno decimo quinto GeoRGH II. C. 19.	[1742*

fand feven hundred and forty two; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one thoufand three hundred and fixty five pounds, for defraying the expence of the hofpital for the fervice of the forces in Flanders, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty feven thoufand nine hundred fixty eight pounds, two (hillings and fix pence, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, fubjecft to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after prefcribed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thoufand one hundred fixty eight pounds, for paying of penfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two ; which faid fum of four thoufand one hundred and fixty eight pounds, (hall be ifiued to fuch perfonor perfons, as his Majefty (hall, by warrantor warrants under his royal fign manual, direct: or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of halfpay officers, or their affigns, according to fuch eftablifhments, lifts, or other directions, and with and fubjecft to fuch conditions, qualifications, or other allowances for the fame, as his Majefty, by fuch and the like warrant or warrants, (hall be gracioufiy pleafed to direct and appoint.

XXIX.	And it is alfo hereby enacted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of .money, not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, upon account, towards enabling his Majefty to concert proper meafures, and form fuch alliances, or enter into fuch engagements with other powers as his Majefty (hall judge neceflary for the fupport of the houfe of Auftria, and reftoring the balance of power in Europe.

XXX.	And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thoufand forty eight pounds, fourteen (hillings, and feven pence, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional (lamp duties at Chrijlmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding t^n thoufand pounds, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to the governor and company of the bank of England for half a year’s intereft due on or before the eighth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty, on the principal fum of five hundred thoufand pounds by them lent on the credit of tile fait duties towards the fupply of the year one thoufand feven hundred and thirty five; and any fum or fums of money, not ex-*^ ceeding twenty one thoufand pounds, to replace to the finking

fund

Hosted by Google

I742*] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 19.	31

fund the like fum paid out of the fame, for a half year’s intereft, due on or before the fifth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, on the principal fum of one million two hundred thoufand pounds, lent on the credit of the fait duty, towards the fupply of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty one; and the fum of twenty feven thoufand eight hundred 27,851!. is. fifty one pounds, one (hilling and two pence half penny to re- ^d. halfpenny, place to the faid (inking fund, thte like fum paid out of the fame, fweets* to make good the deficiency of the duty of twelve (hillings per barrel, on fweets or wines made from Britijh or foreign fpirits, at Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and forty one; and the fum of nineteen thoufand and eighteen pounds, four (hil- 19,0181.4s* lings, and eleven pence, to replace co the faid finking fund, the nd. vi&uaU like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency 0flers duty-the duty upon all victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of London and Wejlminjler, and the weekly bills of mortality, at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two hun-263>73It. ,79. dred fixty three thoufand feven hundred thirty one pounds, 7d. deficiency feventeen (hillings, and feven pence, to make good the defi-the Srants ciency of the grants, for the fervice of the year one thoufandtor I74I# feven hundred and forty one; and any fum or fums of money io}oool. to* not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, to be applied towards the wards mam-maintenance of the Britijh forts and fet^lements belonging to the Africa^ forts, royal African company of England, on the coafts of Africa ; and4QOOL for re-' any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thoufand pounds, pairing St.Pe-towards the repairing and finifhing the collegiate church of Saint ter’s church, Peter, Wejlminjler.	Wetlminfler.

XXXI.	And it is hereby alfo enacted, That out of all or any 58>737h*IS-the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may^' 3/3to

be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding Wards the~ge-fifty eight thoufand feven hundred thirty feven pounds, eleven neral fund for (hillings and two pence three farthings, for making good the *74-** deficiency of the general fund for the year ended at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted, That the faid aids or The faid fums fupplies provided as aforefaid lhall not be ifiued or applied to any ^a^^aP‘ ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and £t£er purpofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout by any adt or adls, or

any particular claufe or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other adt or adts of this prefent feffion of parliament.

XXXIII.	And as to the faid fum of twenty feven thoufand nine hundred fixty eight pounds, two (hillings and fix pence, by this adt appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforefaid ; it is hereby enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid.

That the rules herein after prefcribed (hall be duly obferved in

' the application thereof; that is to fay. That no perfon fhall Rules for the have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and application of under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, halt-pay, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no

perfon

Hosted by Google

32

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c.	[174^

perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adtual fervice in fome regiment.; troop, or com-pany; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, fhall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, fhall have or receive any of the faid half-pay; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who has refigned his commifiion, and has had no commiflion fince ; that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons, who would have been otherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any of the reduced officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXXIV. And whereas hy an all of parliament made in the fourteenth year of his Majefffs reign, intituled, An aS for granting to his Majefty one million out of the finking fund, and for applying other fums therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty one; and for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals ufed in fire engines for draining tin and copper mines in the county of Cornwall; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament ; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks, and apprentices ; fever al fupplies which had been granted to his Majejiy, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein ex-preffedy amongfl which, any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty nine thoufand three hundred pounds, feven fillings, and fix pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Ma-jefly's foot forces and marines, fubjetl neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as in and by the afore-faid all ivere prefcribed in that behalf; now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the faid fum of twenty nine thoufand three hundred pounds, feven (hillings and fix pence, as is or (hall be more than fuffi-cient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers according to the rules by the faid a£t prefcribed to be obferved in the application thereof, The overplus or any part of fuch overplus, (hall or may be difpofed of to ot la{t year’s fuch officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, to be^appliedr or others as by reafon of their long fervice, or otherwife, his Majefty fhall judge to be proper objects of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his Majefty’s fign manual, as fhall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this a6t or the faid former aeft to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP*

Hosted by Google

33

1742.3	Anno decimo quinto Georgxi II. €.20*

CAP. XX.

An aft to prevent the counterfeiting of gold and filver lace % and for fettling and adjujling the proportions of fine filver and filk-, and for the better making of gold and filver thread.

WHEREAS of late great frauds have been committed by £

fort of t inf el copper, or other bafe metal, being brought into	1^174

this kingdom partly manufactured, which is fpun or wrought upon filk, and worked up in imitation of gold and filver lace, and is [0 cxaftly counterfeited, that perfons of /kill in that manufacture are daily liable to impofitions; ivhicb ;not only tends to the difeouragement of the manufacture of gold and fiver lace, and the diminution of his Majefif s revenue, but is of dangerous confequence to the publick in general: and whereas feveral abufes may be committed in refining of filver, and gilding thereof and in the making of gold and filver voire and thread\ efpecially in not allowing a due proportion of fine filver to filk; whereby the filver, breaking and crumbling off from the filk± there is not only a great lofs to the refpeClive buyers, but an irreparable prejudice to the nation in general, in the wafting and confirming cf the bullion thereof; and the faid filver and gold thready and the manufactures of which the fame confift, confequently have not that credit, life, and fervice that filver and gold thread, and the manufac* tures thereof ?nade abroad, have, to the great difeouragement of the exportation of the Jaid filver and gold thread, and manufactures, and the ufie and wear of the fame at home; for remedy thereof* be it enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ipiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the autho- All[metal \it-rity of the fame, That from and after the faid firft day July, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, all copper, thread**^vanv brafs, and every other metal inferior to filver, fhall be fpun up- or incle. * on thread, yarn, or incle only, and not fpun, mixed, wove, wrought, or fet upon filk, upon pain, that each and every per-lon offending therein, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five fhil-	5s-

lings for each and every ounce fo fpun, mixed, wove, wrought, or fet upon filk.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* The weight of That from and after the faid firft day of July, all filver wire to fdver thread, be drawn for the making of filver thread, fhall hold at leaf! eleven ounces fifteen penny-weight of fine filver upon the pound weight of °-ilc weight Troy, and that all filver to be gilt and made ufe of in the filver thread, wire-drawers trade, (hall hold at lead eleven ounces eight penny-weight of fine filver upon the pound weight Troy, and fhall not have .lefs than four penny-weight four grains of fine gold, without any allay, laid upon each pound weight of the faid filver, upon pain, that the refiner or maker thereof, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five fhillings for each and every ounce fo made contrary to the dire&ions of this acL

Vol. XVIIL	D	HI- And

Hosted by Google

34	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georgii	II.	C.20.	[J742*

No gilt wire to III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, be colour'd. That from and after the faid -firft day of July, no gilt wire (hall be coloured with verdgreafe or deadhead, or any other forced Penalty 2S.64. colour, upon pain, that the perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and Weight of pay the fum of two (hillings and fix pence for every ounce fo gold and fil- coloured; and for all gold and filver prepared as aforefaid, and ver reduced reduced into plate, there (hall be allowed at the lead fix ounces into plate. Qf the fejd plate to cover four ounces of filk, except large twill, freeze, freezon, froft, and cheque, and alfo except round brocade ufed in the making brocaded gold and filver fllks or fluffs only, in which there fhall be allowed at the leaft fix ounces of the faid

plate to cover five ounces of filk, and no more; all which gold and filver plate fhall be fpun clofe upon well boiled and light dyed filk. only, except frofl, being run thin, and fpun upon different coloured filk; and in cafe any fpinner of gold and fil-aiT^unce^ for* ver t^rea<^> or other Perf°n, fhall lay gold or filver plate upon utin^ more filk anY greater proportions of filk, or in any other manner than as than* herein before directed by this a£t (except as herein before is excepted) directed. fuch fpinner, or other perfon, (hall forfeit and pay two (hillings and fix pence for every ounce fo fpun.

Penalty of as. IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, an ounce That if any perfon whatfoever, from and after the faid firft day for felling gold of July, (hall fell, or offer to fale, any gold or filver orrice lace, wtth^ther Xt rtllxec* vv^ anY ot^er metal or material than gold or filver, filk metlik er anc* vellum, the perfon fo felling, or offering the fame to fale, fhall forfeit and pay for every ounce the fum of two (hillings and fix pence.

Penalty 5s. an V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ounce* to fell That if any perfon whatfoever after the faid firft day of July* by any other (han fell any gold or filver wire, plate, thread, lace or fringe, by weisht.1*0^ anY ot^er weight than Troy weight, the perfon fo felling fhall "" ^ * * forfeit for every ounce fo fold, the fum of five fhillings. p , r VI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, an ounce! tor That from and after the faid firft day of July, if any maker or makingcf fell-feller of any goods made or mixed with gold or filver thread or ing gold or plate, fhall make or fell any goods mixed with gold or filver filver thread thread or plate, made contrary to the intent and meaning of this contrary^6 a<^ fuch perfon or perlons fhall forfeit and pay five fhillings for this acft. each and every ounce of gold and filver thread or plate fo made or fold.

VII. And be it Further enadled by the authority aforefaid* Penalty on That from and after the faid firft day of July, no gold or filver 'oS° filver or thread, lace, fringe, or any other work made thereof, or any works ofbafer threafi, lace, fringe, or other work, made of copper, brafs, or metah	any	other	inferior	metal,	or	gold or filver wire or plate, fhall be

imported or brought into Great Britain, upon pain of being forfeited and burnt, and upon the penalty of one hundred pounds to be paid by the importer thereof, for each and every parcel fo imported. »

In ots of fiver VIII. And for the better detecting of frauds that may be for*gilVwireer committed by the refiners, in laying a lefs quantity of gold upon

Hosted by Google

ifi42.J	Anno decimo quinto Georgii IL C.20.	35

filver than Is directed by this act; be it enacted by the authority be welch’d aforefaid, That from and after the faid fird day of July, every -m prefence of ingot or bar of filver defigned to be made ufe of for gilt wire, the officer 5 fhall be weighed in the prefence of the officer of excife, who attends the forge where fuch ingots or bars are made, before the fame is covered with gold; and fhall be weighed in the prefence anci mark’d of, and marked by the faid excife officer, after the gold is laid thereupon; and if any refiner or maker of fuch ingots or bars Refiner not as aforefaid, fhall refufe to permit any excife officer appointed admitting the for that purpofe to be prefent, and attend when fuch ingots or officer, to fur-bars are weighed, either before or after the covering the fame *e,t* with gold in manner as is above directed, every refiner or maker fhall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Forfeitures, That of the feveral penalties and forfeitures made and inflicted half to the by this act, one moiety (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his

heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them that fhall inform, fue, or profecute for the fame, and may be fued for and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVefimlnfier; wherein no efioin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons fhall be fued for what either he

or they fhall do in the execution of this act, he or they may General iilue*

plead the general iffue, and give this act, and the fpecial matter

in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become non-

fuit, or difcontinue his or their adlion or actions, or if a verdict

fhall pafs againd him or them, the defendant or defendants (hall

recover treble cods, for which they fhall have the like remedy Treble cods,

as in other cafes where cods are allowed to defendants^

XL Provided always, That every luit, action, or profecution, Limitation of to be brought by virtue of this act, (hall be commenced within a<^ioils* fix months after the offence committed.

XII.	Provided always. That nothing in this act contained prov^ fhall be condrued to inflict any penalty upon any perfon for felling, or expofin^ to fale, any filver wire, or filver or gold thread,

or any lace or fringe, on or before the twenty fifth day of Decern-her, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, though the fame be not made according to the rules and directions of this adt; provided proof be made by oath of one or more credible witnefs or wimeffe*, before fome judice of the peace of the county, city, riding, divifion, or place where the fame (hall be fold, or ex-pofed to fale (which oath the faid judice is hereby impowered and required to adminider) that fuch goods are really and bond fide the manufacture of this kingdom, and were made on or before the faid fird day of July.

XIII.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this act contained (hall Counterfeit extend, or be condrued to extend, to prohibit any copper, brafs, ^ce of fringe, or other metal inferior to filver, fpun upon filh, and really and.

bona fide manufactured in this kingdom, before the faid fird'1

D 2	day

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. 0.21,22.	[1742-

day of July, and fo proved upon oath as aforefaid, being wrought or fewed with filk upon any garment or apparel adually made ufe of in theatrical entertainments only.

C unterfeit XIV. Provided alfo, That nothing in this ad contained fhall lace or fringe extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prohibit any copper, brafs, made for the- or any other metal inferior to filver (fpun upon thread, yarn, or atrical ules. incle, as this ad direds) being wrought, or fewed with filk, upon any garment or apparel adually ufed in theatrical entertainments only.

Publick ad. XV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That this ad fhall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a publick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, ju-ftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXL

An act for indemnifying perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices, employments, and promotions, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe. Exp.

Preamble.

Defcription of officers not admitted to fit in parliament. 5W.&M.C.7. r. 57.

12 W.3.C.10. f. 89.

6 Ann.c.7X25. 1 Geo. 1. c. 56.

Retui ns of fuch members declared void.

C A P. XXII.

An to exclude certain officers from being members of the houfe of commons.

FOR further limiting or reducing the number of officers capable of fitting in the houfe of commons, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the difiolution, or other determination of this prefent parliament, no perfon who fhall be com-millioner of the revenue in Ireland, or commiffioner of the navy or vidualling offices, nor any deputies or clerks in any of the faid offices, or in any of the feveral offices following; that is to fay, The office of lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of. the treafury, or of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or of the tellers of the exchequer, or of the chancellor of the exchequer, or of the lord high admiral, or the commif-fioners of the admiralty, or of the paymafters of the army, or of the navy, or of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, or of the commiffioners of the fait, or of the commiffioners of the ftamps, or of the commiffioners of appeals, or of the commiffioners of wine licences, or of the commiffioners of hackney coaches, or of the commiffioners of hawkers and pedlars, nor any perfons having any office, civil or military, within the ifland oi*Minor ca^ or in Gibraltar, other than officers having commif-fions in any regiment there only, fhall be capable of being eled-ed, or of fitting or voting as a member of the houfe of commons, in any parliament, which fhall be hereafter fummoned and holden.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon hereby difabled or declared to be incapable

to

Hosted by Google

37

1742.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 23,24.

to fit or vote in any parliment hereafter to be holden, (hall ne-verthelefs be returned as a member to ferve for any county, ftewartry, city, borough, town, cinque port, or place, in parliament, fuch eledion and return are hereby enabled and declared to be void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever: and if any penajfy on perfon difabled, and declared incapable by this ad to be elected, perfons fitting (hall, after the diffolution, or other determination of this prefent or voting, df-parliament, prefume to fit or vote as a member of the houfe of ^disabled commons in any parliament to be hereafter fummoned, fuch 1 1S a ‘ perfon fo fitting or voting, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every day in which he fhall fit or vote in the faid houfe of commons, to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts at IVeJhninfler ; and the money fo forfeited, (hall be recovered by the perfons fo fuing, with full eofts of fuit, in any of the faid courts, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no effoin, privilege, protedion, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, and only one imparlance, and fhall from thenceforth be incapable of taking, holding, or enjoying any office of honour or profit under his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffors.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad (hall extend, l0V1 °* or be conftrued to extend, or relate to, or exclude the treafurer or comptroller of the navy, the fecretaries of the treafury, the fecretary to the chancellor of the exchequer, or fecretaries of the admiralty, the under fecretary to any of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of (late, or the deputy paymafter of the army, or to exclude any perfon having or holding any office or employment for life, or for fo long as he fhall behave himfelf well in his office; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for fecuring to John Byrom, mailer of arts, the foie right of pvr-blilhing, for a certain term of years, the art and method of ffiort-hand invented by him.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft to empower the juftices of the peace of a liberty or corporation, to commit offenders to the houfe of correction of the county, riding, or divifwn, in which fuch liberty or corporation is fituate.

WHEREAS doubts and quefions have arifen, touching the commitment of offenders, by juftices of the peace of liberties and corporations, to the houfes of correction of counties, ridings, or diviftons, in ivhich fuch liberties and corporations are fituate, though the inhabitants of Juch liberties and corporations contribute to the plaintenance and fupport of fuch houfes of correction; be it therefore declared and enaded by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tern- corporation, poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, may commit aud by the authority of the fame. That in all cafes, where any offenders to

D 3	per-	the houle ot

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo quinto Georgxi II, c.25:	[1742..

perfon liable by law to be committed to the houfe of correction, the^ountv °* be apprehended within any liberty, city, or town corporate,

^ whofe inhabitants are contributory to the fupport and maintenance of the houfe or houfes of correction of the county, riding, or divifion, in which fuch liberty, city, or town corporate, is fituate; it (hall and may be lawful for the juftices of the peace of fuch liberty, city, or town corporate, to commit fuch perfon to the houfe of correction of the county, riding, or divifion, in which fuch liberty, city, or town corporate is fituate; which perfon fo committed, (hall and may be received, detained, dealt with, and ordered, and be fet and kept to hard labour, or conveyed and fent away, or difcharged, and be fubject and liable to the fame correction and punifhment, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if committed by any juftice or juftices of the peace of the fame county, riding, or divifion.

CAP. XXV.

An a £1 to impower the importers or proprietors of rum or fpirits of the Britifh fugar plantations to land the fame before payment of the duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fa?ne in warehoufes at their own expence; and for the relief of Ralph Barrow, in refpeS to the duty on fomerock fait, lofi by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane,

WHEREAS the feveral rates, duties, and charges of excife upon all ftrong waters, brandy, fpirits, or Aqua Vitae, imported from beyond the feasy are, by the feveral and refpe Clive aCls charging and impofmg the fame, directed and required to be from time to time fatisfiea and paid by the merchant or merchants, importer or importers of the fame in ready money, upon his or their entry or en -tries made, and before the landing thereof: and whereas the permitting rum or fpirits of the gro wth or manufacture of his Majefly s plantations in America, to be latided before payment of the feveral rates, duties, and charges of excife now impofed thereon, and to be put into warehoufes, upon the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers of fuch rum or fpirits, firfl giving good and fufficient futurity for the payment of the fame, will be an eafe and convenience to the proprietor and proprietors, importer and importers thereof \ and may caufe and promote a larger and greater importation thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the Rum, See. im- authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty ninth

the BriloC day °f

one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, colonies1 may fuch rLim or fpirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture be landed, on of the Britifh fugar plantations, as (hall be imported into tile fecuritygiveii. kingdom of Great Britain, directly from the faid fugar plantations, or any of them, upon the entry thereof may forthwith, ^nd before payment of all or any part of the faid duty of excife,

be

Hosted by Google

39

1742.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii IL 0.25.

be landed from on board the fhip or veflel in which the fame jfhall be fo imported, and carried or put into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, as fhall be for that purpofe provided at the charge csf the refpedtive proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers of luch rum or fpirits, and fhall Ipe approved of by the com-miffioners of excife, or the major of them for the time beifig, upon the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers of fuch rum or fpirits, that fhall be fo landed, firfl giving (at his or their charge and expence) his or their bond, or other good and fuf-ficient fecurity, which the commiffioners or other proper officers of the excife are hereby required and impowered to take, for payment of all and every the duties of excife, which fuch rum or fpirits is charged with, and liable to pay, as foon as the fame fhall be fold, in cafe the fame be fold within fix months from and after the time the fame fhall be fo landed and put into ware-houfes, as aforefaid; and in cafe the fame fhall not be fold within the faid fix months, then to pay the fame at the end of fuch fix months; fuch duty of excife to be computed according to the gauge of fuch* rum or fpirits, to be taken at the time the fame fhall be fo landed and lodged in warehoufes, as aforefaid,

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That fuch rum or fpirits as fhall be fo brought into fuch ware-houfe or warehoufes, fhall not be taken or carried out thence, on any account whatfoever, other than is herein after mentioned.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Rums, &c. That in cafe any fuch rum or fpirits fhall be landed or put on landed with-fhore out of any fhip or veflel, before due entry be made there-? out warrtnt, of at the cuftom-houfe, and with the colledlor of excife at the tor eitc 5 port or place where the fame fhall be imported, and the faid duties of excife fecured, or ^without a warrant for the landing or delivering the fame, firft figned by the faid collector or other

proper officer of excife, or without the prefence of an excife ofn ficer, that all fuch imported rum or fpirits as fhall be fo landed or put on fhore, or taken out of any fhip or veflel contrary to the true meaning thereof, or the value of the fame, fhall be forfeited, and (hall or may be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof; videlicet, one moiety of the fame to the uie of one to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the other moiety to the ufe the King, &c. of fuch perfon or perfons as will feize the faid rum or fpirits, or inform or Cue for the fame, or the value thereof, to be fued for, levied, recovered or mitigated by fuch ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws relating to his Majefty’s revenues of , excife, or any of them, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wcjlmin-Jler for that part of Great Britain called England, or the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

IV.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid,

That before fuch rum or fpirits of the Brkijh fugar plantations The calks to

fhall be landed and lodged in fuch warehouse or warehoufes, a be^nsedand ^ r\	1	t	marKecu

u 4	mark

4°

Wareboufe-keepers to enter in books the rum, Sec. Jogged in their warehoufes;

and render account on oath.

penalty.

Conditions of delivery out of the warehoufes.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 25.'	[1742.

mark fhall be fet on every cafk or veffel of fuch rum or fpirits, mentioning the particular quantity of rum or fpirits of the Britijlb fugar plantations which is contained therein, according to the gauge thereof to be then taken, and who is or are the refpe&ive proprietor or importer thereof; and the keeper or keepers of fuch war.ehoufe or warehoules, and the perfon or perfons who fhall be appointed by the commiffioners of his Ma~ jelly's excife to attend the faid refpedtive warehoufes, fhall each of them keep one or more book or books, wherein they dial I refpedfively and feparately, fairly enter in writing, an exact, particular, and true account of all fuch rum or fpirits of the Briiifb plantations, as fhall from time to time be brought into, and jearried out of the refpeeftive warehoufe or warehoufes to which he or they fhall refpedtively belong, and the days and times when the fame fhall be brought in, and carried out, and the name of the refpedtive perfon or perfons to whom, or for whofe uie the fame was delivered out, and fhall at the end of every fix months, or oftner if required, tranfmit in writing an account thereof upon oath to the commiffioners of the faid duties of excife for the time being, together with an exadt account of how much is then remaining in the refpedtive warehoufe or warehoufes, to which they refpedtively belong; and the commiffioners for the faid duties of excife are hereby required and enjoined, within one month after the fame fhall be refpedlively transmitted to them as aforefaid, to infpect and examine the faid accounts; and if, upon fuch examination it fhall appear, that any of the faid rum or fpirits were delivered out of the faid warehoufes, otherwife than as herein is mentioned, or before payment of his Majefty’s faid inland duties of excife, for fuch the faid rum and fpirits as fhall have been fo delivered out of the faid warehoufes, then the faid warehoufe keeper or warehoufe keepers, and officer and officers refpedlively offending therein, fhall not only be difabled to hold or enjoy any publick office or employment, but fhall alfo forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence the fum of one hundred pounds, to be fued for, levied and recovered or mitigated by fuch ways, and means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, and forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws relating to his Majefty’s revenues of excife, or any of them, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVejlminfler, for that part of Great Britain called England, or the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V. And be it further enadled by tjie authority aforefaid, That the faid rum or fpirits fo lodged in warehoufes as aforefaid, fhall and may from time to time be delivered out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes re!pectively, upon payment of his Majefty’s duties of excife thereon, and upon the proprietor or importer, or fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed by him or them for that purpofe, producing to the refpedtive warehoufe keeper or warehoufe keepers, and the officer appointed by the commif-

fioners

Hosted by Google

4*

J742-] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c.25.

fioners of excife to attend thefe warehoufes, a warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates, figned by the collector, receiver or other proper officer of excife, appointed to receive the duties payable thereon, certifying that he has received all and every the faid duties of excife, to which the faid rum or fpirits fo defired to be delivered out of fuch warehoufe, was liable and fubjetfl to pay, fuch warehoufe keeper or warehoufe keepers, and officers of excife, attending fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, fhall deliver out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, fo much rum or fpirits, as fhall be mentioned or expreffed in fuch warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates refpe&ively, to have paid the faid excife duties; and the refpedive warehoufe keeper or warehoufe keepers are thereupon to give fuch importer, or proprietor, or per-fon fo employed to take care of the delivery thereof, a permit or certificate, to accompany fuch rum or fpirits fo delivered out, which permit or certificate fhall be alfo figned by the excife officer attending the faid warehoufe or warehoufes, who fhall be appointed by the commiffioners for the faid excife duties, or the major part of them, to prevent the feizing thereof.

VI.	Provided always, That no proprietor, importer or buyer What quantt-of the faid rum or fpirits, or other perfon or perfons, to be bytlts *° be him or them appointed, fhall receive out of any fuch ware-verc atoncc* houfes aforefaid, any lefs quantity of rum or fpirits at one time,

than one puncheon, hogfhead, or other calk, containing not lefs than twenty gallons, unlefs fuch rum was for the ufe of the mariners and feamen in the voyage.

VII.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid, Locks to the That it (hall and may be lawful for the proprietor, or importer warctl0U^es* of fuch rum or fpirits, fo to be lodged in any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes as aforefaid, to affix one lock to every fuch warehoufe, the key of which fhall remain in the cuftody of fuch proprietor or importer; and to and for the officer or officers to be appointed by the faid commiffioners for the faid excife duties, to

attend fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, to affix one other lock upon every fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, the key whereof to remain in the cuftody of the faid officer for the faid excife duties; and the faid proprietor or importer fhall and may in the prefence of the faid warehoufe keeper, or excife officer (who are hereby obliged to attend at all reafonable times for that purpofe) view, examine, (hew and receive out of the faid warehoufe or warehoufes, the faid rum or fpirits, or any part thereof, not lefs than the quantity herein before for that purpofe mentioned, upon paying the faid duty of excife for the fame; and upon producing fuch certificate or receipt from the collector or receiver of the faid inland duties of excife, of the fame being paid in manner as is herein before for that purpofe particularly pre^ fcribed.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacfted, That all and every Rum \n ware. fuch rum or fpirits of the Britijh fugar plantations, as fhall be houfes, fubjeft fo lodged in any warehoufe or warehoufes, fhall be fubjedt and to ^ lavvs Jiable to the fame duties, both of excife and Cuftoms, to be ap- and

plied

Hosted by Google

42

warehoni'es above iix months.

Anno decimo quinto GeoRGII II. C.2$.	[	1742.

plied to the fatneufes and purpofes, and to be managed and collected by the fame perfons, and in the fame manner, fubjeCl and liable to all and every the fame rules, entries, reflriClions, regulations, limitations, penalties and forfeitures, as are in and by the feveral a&$ of parliament, by which the faid duties are granted, or any of them, for that purpofe particularly defcribed, appointed, limited and enaCted, fave and except in the particular inftances hereby mentioned and provided for, and to be applied to the fame.

Rums, &c. re- IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, inclining in the That in cafe fuch rum or fpirits fhall after landed, be permitted or fufferedto remain in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, in which the fame (hall be fo lodged for the purpofes aforefaid, for any time exceeding the fpace of fix months, after the fame fhall be fo landed and lodged in fuch warehoufe as aforefaid, and the importer or proprietor, or other perfon or perfons by him or them appointed, fhall not within the faid fix months pay, or caufe to be paid to the collector or receiver of the excife duties appointed to receive the fame, all and every the duties of excife, to which the fame are fubjeCl and liable; and fhall omit to procure or bring fuch certificate herein before directed to be had and made, from fuch collector or receiver to fuch warehoufe keeper or warehoufe keepers, and to the officer of excife attending the fame, of the payment of the faid duties of excife, within the time aforefaid; fhall be fold by that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commif-pay fi°ners °* excife, or the major part of them for the time being, to direCt and order fuch rum or fpirits fo lodged in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, for which the faid duties fhall not be paid within the time aforefaid, to be put up to fale by publick cant or auCtion to the bed bidder or bidders for the fame; and the money arifing by fuch fale, (hall be in the firft place applied in difcharge of the faid duty fo payable thereon, and the charges attending fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and alfo the expence of fuch fale; and the furplus of the monies fo arifing by fuch fale (if any) after payment of the faid duties and charges, (ball go and be paid to the proprietor or importer of the faid rum and fpirits, who fo landed and lodged the fame in the faid warehoufe.

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That this a Cl fhall continue and be in force from the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, to the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

XI.	And whereas by the high floods and overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane at Leftwich, near Northwich in the county of

KalpbBarrow. Chefter, in the month of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty, twelve tons of rock fait, or thereabouts, belonging to Ralph Barrow of Northwich aforefaid, were wafted and confumed; and for fecuring the payment of the duty thereof, bond was given by him, or fome perfon or perfons on his behalf; be it therefore enaCled by the authority aforefaid, That for and in confideration of the duty

fecured

the duties,

&c.

Continuance ot this a6l. Continued by ;*3Geo.2. c.26,

Puties on fait excufed to

Hosted by Google

43

i742*] Anno dccimo quinto Georgii II. c.26.

fecured to be paid by the faid Ralph Barrow, in refpedt of the faid twelve tons of rock fait, the faid bond or bonds given by the faid Ralph Barrow, or any other perfon or perfons for and in refpecft of the duty of the faid twelve tons of rock fait, (hall from henceforth be difcharged and vacated; and the fame is and are hereby difcharged and vacated accordingly; any a6t or adls of parliament to the contrary notwithftandlng.

CAP. XXVI.

An a£i for the better enabling the commijfioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the city of Weft-minder to the oppofitefhore in the county of Surrey, to finifh the faid bridge, and to perform the other trufts re-pofed in them, and for enlarging the time for exchanging of tickets unclaimed in the left lottery for the faid bridge, and to make provifion for tickets in the faid lottery, loft, burnt or otherwife deftroyed.

WHEREAS the commijfioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the Woolftaple, or thereabouts, in the parijh of Saint Margaret in the city of Weftminfter, to the oppoftte Jhore in the county of Surrey, are by virtue of feveral afls of parliament pajfed in the reign of his prefent Majefty, impoivered to make, open, deftgn, affign and lay out fuch new ways, ftreets and pajfagesy as they Jhall find proper to be opened and made on each fide the river of Thames, to and from the intended bridge, the courts of juftice, both houfes of parliament, and the parts adjacent; and to agree for and purchafe fuch houfes and grounds as they Jhall find neceftary foi* them to be pojfejfed of and to be removed, rebuilt, pulled down, or employed for that purpofe, comprized within certain bounds and limits mentioned and defcribed in an afl paft'ed in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent- Majefty, intituled, An acftto enlarge the pow- i2Geo,2,0.33, ers of the commifTioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the TVoolftaple, or thereabouts, in the parifh of Saint Margaret in the city of Weftminfter, to the oppofite fhore in the county of Surrey, and to enable them by a lottery to raife money for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, and to enlarge the time for exchanging tickets unclaimed in the laft lottery for the faid bridge, and to make provifion for tickets in the faid lottery loft, burnt or otherwife deftroyed; and in one other T Qeo 2 c 0 a51 made in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An +	*

a61 to enable the commiffioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the city of Weftminfter, to the oppofite fhore in the county of Surrey, to raife a further fum of money towards finifhing the faid bridge, and to perform the other trufts repofed Jn them, and for the exchanging of tickets unclaimed in the Weftminfter Bridge lottery, of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and for making provifion for tickets in the faid lottery, loft, burnt or otherwife deftroyed: and ivhcreas the approaches to the faid bridge, the courts of juftice, both houfes of parliament, and the parts adjacent, might be rendred more open and convenient3

Hosted by Google

Anno decimoquinto Georgii II. C.27.	[1742.

venient, to the great eafe of pajfengers, and the publick in the gene± ral, in cafe the faid commiffioners were enabled to open and widen a lane called Saint Margaret’s Lane, fituate between the Old and New Palace Yards, within the parifh of Saint Margaret at Weft-minfter, and for that purpofe were enabled to pur chafe, pull down, and remove certain buildings, houfes, grounds and efates, fituated within the faid lane, and thereunto adjacent, and which are not comprized within the limits prefer ibed by the faid afore mentioned aft: wherefore, for promoting and encouraging a defign fo ufeful and beneficial to the publick:, may it pleafe your raoft excellent Ma-jefty that it may be enadled, &c.

St. Margaret's lane to be widened. Any interest of the crown may be conveyed to the commiffioners of the bridge. Commiffioners may difpofe of purchafed lands. 20,000!. towards building the bridge and making ways. Commiffioners to account to parliament annually.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for the more effeftual preventing any clothe or woollen goods remaining upon the rack, or tenters, or any woollen yarn, or wool left out to dry from being fiolen, or taken away in the night-time.

Search may be

made for cloth ftolen off tenters, and wool, Scc. left to dry.

TI7H E R E A S clothiers and others concerned in the woollen ma-V V nvfafture are under a neccjftty of letting their clothe and other woollen goods remain upon the rack or tenters, as alfi of fuffering their wool to lie expofed in the night-time, in order the better to dry and prepare the fame; whereby their faid goods are more frequently liable to be ftolen by wicked and evil defigning perfons who are encouraged in their wickednefs, by the difficulty of proving the identity of the goods ftolen; therefore to fecure the property of fuch clothiers, and others concerned in the woollen manufacture, and to facilitate a diicovery of fuch goods fo ftolen; be it enadted by the Xing’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, in cafe any cloth or woollen goods remaining upon the rack, or tenters, or any woollen yarn, or wool left out to dry, (hall be ftolen or taken away in the night-time; it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the fame county or place, upon complaint made to him or them, within ten days after fuch cloth, woollen goods, woollen yarn, or wool, (hall have been fo ftolen, or taken away, by the owner of fuch cloth, woollen goods, woollen yarn, or wool, by warrant under his or their hands and feals, to authorize and im-power any conftable, headborough or other peace officer in the day-time, to enter into, and fearch the houfes, outhoufes, yards, gardens or other places belonging to the houfes of all and every perfon and perfons whom the owner of fuch cloth, woollen

goods.

Hosted by Google

45

1742*] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c.

goods, woollen yarn or wool, (hall, upon his oath, declare to fucli juftice or juflices of the peace, he fufpefts to have ftolen, taken away, or received the fame 5 and in cafe fuch conftable, or other officer, fhall find or difcover any cloth, woollen goods or wool, which he fhall from the information of the perfon making fuch oath, have reafon to fufpeft to be fo ftolen, taken away or received, he fhall forthwith apprehend all and every perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or pofleftion fuch cloth, woollen goods or wool fhall be found, and carry him, her or them, before fome juftice or juftices of the peace of the fame county, riding, divifion, liberty, city or town corporate; and if the faid perfon or perfons fo fufpedfed, apprehended and carried before the faid juftice or juftices, fhall not then and there give a account-a fatisfa&ory account, how he, (he or they acquired the property ed for before or pofleftion of fuch cloth, woollen goods, woollen yam ora juftice. wool, or (hall not, within fome convenient time to be fet by the faid juftice or juftices, produce the party or parties of whom he, fhe or they received the fame, or fome other credible witnefs to depofe upon oath fuch property or right to the pofleftion of the faid cloth, woollen goods, woollen yarn or wool (which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to admi-nifter) that the faid perfon or perfons fo fufpe&ed, and not giving fuch fat sfadtory account, nor producing any fuch witnefs upon oath to teftify as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and adjudged as convi&ed of the faid offence of ftealing or taking away the faid cloth, woollen goods, woollen yarn, or wool, and -	,

fhall for the firft offence forfeit and pay to the owner of fuch ^rpeit t^ebTe cloth, woollen goods, woollen yarn or wool, treble the value value, thereof; and in default of payment thereof, in the time appointed by fuch juftice or juftices for the payment thereof fuch juftice	t/di^

or juftices of the peace fhall iffue forth his or their warrant to	aildfale*

levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, returning the overplus, if any be; and in default of fuch diftrefs, fhall commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county,"city or place where the faid offender or offenders fhall be apprehended, there to remain for the fpace of three months without bail or mainprize, or until he, fhe or they pay the fame; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall again commit the faid offence, and be thereof convitfted as before, then they and every of them fo offending the fecond time, and being thereof fo convi&ed,

(hall, over and above the forfeiture of treble the value of the cloth, woollen goods, woollen yarn or wool fo found to be recovered and levied as aforefaid, be committed to the common c , -. r r • 1	1	-	rir	r n	,	SecondofFence

gaol as atorelaid, there to remain lor the lpace ol fix months 6 mQnths ini-

without bail or mainprize; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall prifonment. again commit the faid offence, and be thereof convicfted as before, the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fo convicted as aforefaid, fhall forthwith iffue his or their warrant to commit the faid offender or offenders to the common gaol as aforefaid, there to remain till the next affizes or great feffion, where the faid offender or offenders fhall

Hosted by

Google

Anno decimo quinto GeorGH II. c.28.	[1742.

be tried for the faid offence; and in cafe fuch offender or offenders fhall not by producing the party or parties of whom he, file or they acquired the property or poffeflion of fuch cloth, woollen goods, woollen yarn, or wool, or otherwife prove to the fatis-fadtion of the jury, that he, fhe or they lawfully obtained the property or poifellion of the fame, he, fhe or they fhall be adjudged to be guilty of felony, and fuffer tranfportation for the lpace of leven years, and fhall be liable to the fame punifhment, and to the like methods of profecution, trial and convidtion for returning from fuch tranfportation, as other feions tranfported are liable unto by virtue of the laws now in force.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fo fufpedled, and apprehended as aforefaid, fhall find him, her or themfelves aggrieved by any judgment or determination, which fhall be given or made by any juftice or juftices of the peace by virtue of this adt, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons fo aggrieved, (unlefs he, fhe, or they have twice before been Appeal to the convidled of the fame offence) to appeal unto the juftices of the quarter fef- peace in their, general quarter feftions, which fhall happen to be lions.	held	next	after	fuch judgment or determination given or made,

who are hereby authorized and impowered to give fuch relief, and make fuch order therein, as to them (hall feqm meet; and fuch judgment, order or determination as fhall be by them made upon the faid appeal, (hall be final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

III.	Provided alfo, That this adt fhall not extend to alter or repeal any law now in force, for the punifhment of any perfon Provifo. or perfons ftealing or receiving fuch cloth, woollen goods, woollen yarn, or wool, except in fuch cafes where the proof is laid upon the offender or offenders as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVIIL

An aft for the more effeftual preventing the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or pay-ing of falfe or counterfeit coin,

BE it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon whatfoever fhall, after the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, wafh, gild or colour any of the lawful filver coin called a /billing or a fixpeitce, or any counterfeit or falfe (hilling or fixpence, or add to or alter the impreffion, or any part of the impreffion, of either fide of fuch lawful or counterfeit (hilling or fix pence, with intent to make luch (hilling refemble or look like, or pafs for a piece of lawful gold coin called a guinea, or with intent to make fuch fix-pence refemble or look like, or pafs for a piece of lawful gold

coin

Tranfportation for 7 years, for the third offence.

Hosted by Google

i742*] Anno decimoquintoGeoRGII IL C.28.	47

coin called an half guinea', or fhall file, or any ways alter, wa(h,

or colour any of the brafs monies called halfpennies or farthings,

or add to or alter the impreffion, or any part of the impreflioa

of either fide of an halfpenny or farthing, with intent to make

an halfpenny referable or look like,or pafs for a lawful (hilling, or

with intent to make a farthing refemble or look like, or pafs for a

lawful fixpence, the perfon and perfons fo offending in any of ^ ^ild^ °er

the matters aforefaid, their counfellors, aiders, abettors, and coi^ &c.

procurers, fhall be, and is, and are hereby adjudged to be guilty

of high treafon,

II.	And whereas the uttering of falfe money, knowing it to he falfe, is a crime frequently committed all over the kingdom, and the offend-ers therein are not deterred, by reafon that it is o?ily a mifdemeanor, and the punifhment very often is but finally though there be great rea+ fon to believe that the common utterers of fuch falfe money are either themfelves the coiners, or in confederacy with the comers thereof:, for Uttering falfe preventing whereof, be it hereby further enadted by the authority money knovy-aforefaid,That if any perfon whatfoever fhall,after the faid twenty ingiy» ninth day of September, utter or tender in payment any falfe or Snment^nd* counterfeit money, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, fecurity for to anv perfon or perfons, and (hall be thereof convicted, fuch two years perfon fo offending (hall fuffer fix months imprifonment, and more-

find fureties for his or her good behaviour for fix months more, to be computed from the end of the faid fir ft fix months; and if the fame perfon (hall afterwards be convidted a fecond time of	^two^

the like offence of uttering or tendering in payment any falfe or years impri-counterfeit money, knowing the fame to be fo, fuch perfon (hall, fonment, and for fuch fecond offence, fuffer two years imprifonment, and find fecurity for fureties for his or her good behaviour for two years more, to be two 3'ears-computed from the end of the faid fir ft two years; and if the p fame perfon fhall afterwards offend a third time in uttering or offence Ye-tendering in payment any falfe or counterfeit money, knowing ]0ny, without the fame to be fo, and (hall be convicted of fuch third offence, clergy, he or (he (hall be and is hereby adjudged to be guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

III.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- uttering falfe faid. That if any perfon whatfoever, fhall after the faid twenty money twice ninth day of September, utter or tender in payment, any falle within 10

or counterfeit money, knowing the fame to be falfe or counter- days* feit, to any perfon or perfons, and (hall either the fame day, or within the fpace of ten days then next, utter or tender in payment any more or other falfe or counterfeit money, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, to the fame perfon or perfons, or to any other perfon or perfons, or fhall at the time of fuch uttering or tendering have about him or her, in his or her cuftody, one or more piece or pieces of counterfeit money, befides what was fo uttered or tendered, then fuch perfon fo uttering or ten- fr ha!rin? dering the fame, (hall be deemed and taken to be a common utterer of falfe money, and being thereof convidted, fhall fuf- dy» fer a year’s imprifonment, and fhall find fureties for his or her good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the 2	end

Hosted by Google

4*

Anno decimo quinto GeoRGII II. c.28.	[1742;

end of the faid year; and if any perfon having been once fo , .	.	convidled	as	a	common utterer of falfe money, (hall afterwards '

fonmenT &c. again utter or tender in payment any falfe or counterfeit money to any perfon or perfons, knowing the fame to be falfe or coun-Subfequent terfeit, then fuch perfon being thereof convidted, (hall, for fuch offence, fe- fecond offence be, and is hereby adjudged to be guilty of felony lony, &c, without benefit of clergy.

IV.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-becorru^ted	That the perfon or perfons convidted of any of the trea-

p * fons and felonies refpedlively herein before mentioned, fhall fuffer death as in cafe of high treafon and felony refpedlively; but the blood of the heirs of fuch offender (hall not be thereby corrupted, nor fhall his wife thereby forfeit or lofe her dower out of or in his lands or real eftate.

Evidence to V. And it is hereby further enadted, That the perfon and be the fame as perfons that fhall be guilty of any of the treafons, felonies or now ufed a- crimes aforefaid, fhall be indicted, arraigned, tried, and con-te^feiti^the v^e<* ky ^ke evidence, and in fuch manner as is now ufed coin. g and allowed againft any offenders for counterfeiting the lawful -coin, provided that there fhall be no profecution for any of the offences made treafon or felony by this adt, unlefs fuch profecution be commenced within fix months next after fuch offence 1-hall be committed.

Coiners of copper money to be im-prifoned two years*

40I. for convicting a perfon of treafon and felony:

And to!, (or convicting a perl on of counterfeiting copper money.

VI.	And whereas the coining or counterfeiting any of the copper money of this kingdom is only a mifdemeanor, and the punijhment often Very fmall; be it hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon whatfoever, (hall, after the faid twenty ninth day of September, make, coin or counterfeit any brafs or copper money, commonly called a halfpenny or a farthing, fuch perfon offending therein, and his, her, and their aiders, abetters and procurers being thereof convidted, (hall fuffer two years imprifonment, and find fureties for his or her good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the end of the faid firft two years.

VII.	And it is hereby further enadted, That whoever (hall after the faid twenty ninth day of September, apprehend any per#-fon or perfons who have committed any of the offences hereby made high treafon of felony, or who fhall have made or counterfeited any of the copper money aforefaid, and fhall profecute fuch offenders, until he, (he or they (hall be thereof convicted, fuch profecutor and profecutors (hall have and receive from the fheriff or fheriffs of the county or city, where fuch convidtion fhall be made, for every fuch offender fo convidted of any of the treafons or felonies aforefaid, the fum of forty pounds; and for every perfon fo convidted of counterfeiting any of the faid copper money, the fum of ten pounds, without paying any fee for the fame, within one month after fuch convidtion, and demand thereof made, by tendering a certificate to the faid fheriff or fheriffs for the time being, or his or their under-fheriff, under the hands of the judge or juftices before whom fuch conviction (hall have been made, certifying fuch convidtion, and

Hosted by Google

1742.]	Anno dfecimo qulnto GeorgiiII. 0.28.	4^

that the offender or offenders were apprehended and profecuted Certificate to by the perfons claiming the faid reward, and thereby directing tb^eg-^neb7 in what (hares and proportions the faid reward fhall be paid and e * ge# divided to and amongft fuch profecutor or profecutors ; which certificate the faid judge or juftices are hereby required to give without delay or fee; and if the faid fheriff or fheriffs fhall not Penalty onthe pay the faid reward accordingly, within the time aforefaid, he fherifPsnot or they fhall forfeit to fuch profecutor and profecutors feverally, paying the double the fum which by the faid certificate fhall be directed to reward, be feveraljy paid to them, to be recovered by him, her, or them, or his, her, or their executors or adminiflrators, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, by aCtion of debt, bill, or information, with treble cofts of fuit, expended or paid in recovering the fame; and fuch fheriff or fheriffs fhall be allowed, or may deduCt fuch rewards, upon his, or their accounting with Sfjen^° his Majefty, without any fee to be paid in refpeCt thereof; and paymentTin if he or they fhall not on paffing fuch account have money fuf- fo/accounts, ficient in his or their hands to anfwer what fhall have been paid &c. for fuch rewards, then the fame fhall be repaid by the lord trea-furer, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, out of the revenues of the crown, on certificate for that purpofe, from the clerk of the pipe.

VIII.	And be it hereby further enabled b^the authority a- If offenders, forefaid, That whoever being out of prifon, fhall, after the faid b^j”0g °^t twenty ninth day of September, commit any of the offences a- peach two' forefaid, and fhall afterwards difcover two or more perfons, who others, they fhall, after the time aforefaid, have committed any of the faid (hall be par-offences, fo as fuch two or more perfons (hall be thereof con- doned. viCted, fuch difcoverer fhall have, and is hereby intitled to his Majefty’s mod gracious pardon for fuch his or her offences.

IX.	And be it hereby further enaCted, That if any perfon Manner of fhall be convicted of uttering or tendering any falfeor counter- profecuting a feit money as aforefaid, and (hall afterwards be guilty of the like [^another1106 offence, in any other county or city, the clerk of the affize, or county, clerk of the peace for the county or city where fuch firft conviction was fo had, fhall, at the requeft.of the profecutor, or

any other on his Majefty’s behalf, certify the fame by a tranf-cript in few words, containing the effect and tenor of fuch conviction; for which certificate two fhillings and fixpence, and no more, fhall be paid; and fuch certificate being produced in court, (hall be fufficient proof of fuch former conviction.

X.	. And whereas by an aft made in the feventh year of the reign 0/7 Annae, c, 24^ her late majefly Ahieen Anne, intituled, An a Cl for the continuing 4*

the former aCt, for the encouragement of coinage, and to encourage the bringing foreign coins, and Britijb or foreign plate to be coined, and for making provifion for the mints in Scotland, and for the profecuting offences concerning the coin in England, there is a limited fum of four hundred pounds a year, direfted to be allowed out of the coinage duty for the expenses of profecuting offenders againft the lavas relating to the coin ; which fum for feveral years lajl pajl has proved greatly deficient, infomuch that there appears to have Vol. XVIII,	E	'	been

Hosted by Google

50	Anno decimo quinto GeorgiaII. c. 29.	[1742V

been expended for the carrying on of thofe profecutionsy the fum of feven hundred and two pounds, three fallings, and feven pence, over and above the fum of four hundred pounds per annum allowed for that fervice; and as the law now Jlands, the faid fum of feven hundred and two pounds, three fillings, and feven pence, cannot be Arrears of brought to account, be it therefore further enadted. That the lord proifcuhon to treafurer, or the lords cotnmifiioners of the treafury for be allowed, the time being, (hall and may, out of the money arifing by the coinage duty, order and allow fuch further fums of money as the expences of the faid profecutions have in fuch laft years a-mounted to, over and above the faid four hundred pounds a year ; and alfo fhall and may, at all times hereafter, order and

^ences fettled a^ow out	nioney arifing by the faid coinage duty fuch

pences e e . fum$ money for defraying the future expences of the faid profecutions, as he or they fhall fee fit, provided the faid expences do not, in any one year, exceed the fum of fix hundred pounds*

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for granting to his Majefty an additional duty on foreign cambricks, i?7iported into Great Britain ; and for allowing thereout a bounty upon certain fpecies of Britifh and Irifh linyis exported.

WHEREAS the manufactures of linens made in the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, are greatly improved and in-creafed, whereby the price of linens, as well of foreign, as home fa-brick hath been confederacy reduced: and whereas the further ex-tenfton of the faid manufactures of linens will be a great advantage to the faid kingdoms ; therefore we your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fembled, do give and grant to your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflors, fuch additional duty upon foreign cambricks to be imported into Great Britain, as is herein after mentioned; and do moll: humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enacfted 5 and be it enatfted ; by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and is. 5<3. addi- by ^ie authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day tionai duty on or Auguf, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, over and every half above all fubfidies, duties, impofitions, and payments already piece ot to- due and payable to his Majefty, for fuch foreign cambricks, brick ° and 2s vv^ich fhall be imported into Great Britain, there fhall be raifed, jod. tor every collected, levied, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-whole piece, ceflors, a further duty of one {hilling and five pence on every half piece of fuch foreign cambrick, containing fix ells and an half; and two (hillings and ten pence upon every whole piece of fuch foreign cambrick, containing thirteen ells, during the term of feven years; and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and* no longer; the fame to be raifed, collected, levied, and recovered in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties 2	and

Hosted by Google

1742.] Anno decimo quinto GeoRGII II* C. 29*	51

and forfeitures, as the duties now payable upon foreign cam-* bricks are to be raifed, collected, levied, and recovered.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Reward-for out of thefaid additional duty on foreign cambricks, there fhall‘ BritToi1”nd be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or deduction what- j;nens> foever, a bounty of one penny, for every yard of BritiJ}) and iSGeo. 2. c. Irifl) linens made of hemp or flax, of the value of fix pence per *4-> 25* yard, and not exceeding the value of twelve pence per yard ; and

of one halfpenny for every yard of fuch Britijh and Irijh linens, **^ under the value of fix pence per yard ; which from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three; and within the term of feven years, to commence from the faid twenty fifth day of March, or at any time thereafter, before the end of the then next feflion of parliament, fhall be exported out of Great Britain, to Africa, America, or Portugal, or which fhall be exported to Spain, from and after the time that it fhall be lawful to export fuch linens to that kingdom.

III.	Provided always, That the exporter of fuch Britijh and Manner of

Irijh linens, fhall; in his entry thereof, exprefs the quantity	ex-

and value; and likewile indorfe on the cocquet granted upon p0rtations. fuch entry, the true quantity and value of the faid linens : tended to be fhipt; and moreover, fhall before he receives any fuch

bounty, produce a certificate from the fearcher, or other proper officer appointed to fee the fame fhipped, verifying the fhipping thereof; and fhall likewife give fufficient fecurity to the collector or cufiomer of the port, in the penalty of double the value of the goods intended to be exported, and one hundred pounds* which fecurity they are hereby impowered to take in the name, and to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, that fuch linen fo fhipped, or intended to be fhipped, or any part thereof, fhall not be relanded, or brought on fhore again in any port or part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the ifle of Man \ and fhall alfo, before he receives any fuch bounty, make oath, or being a ghiaker, a folemn affirmation (which oath or affirmation, the proper officers of the cuftoms have hereby power to adminifter) of the refpedtive values of fuch linens, upon which the faid bounties refpecfively are granted, and that the fame were made in Great Britain or Ireland.

IV.	And to prevent linens exceeding the value of twelve Dire&ions to pence per yard being exported for the fake of the faid bounty, the officers of be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the col- the cuftoms,tp leclor and comptroller, or other proper officers of the cuftoms §^ent entries* may open, view, and examine any or all fuch linens as fhall be

entered at the value of twelve pence per yard, or under, and compare the fame with the value and price thereof fworn to or affirmed in the entry and indorfement on the cocquet; and if upon fuch view and examination, it fhall appear that fuch linen is of greater value than twelve pence per yard, then, and in fuch cafe, the exporter or proprietor lhall, on demand made in writing by the cuftomer, or collector and comptroller of the port where fuch goods or merchandizes are entered, deliver, orcaufe

E %	to

Hosted by Google

5*

Anno decimo quinto GeorgiiII. c. 29. f 1742.

to be delivered, all fuch goods and merchandizes into his Ma-jefty’s warehoufe at the port of exportation, for the ufe and benefit of the crown ; and upon fuch delivery, the cuftomer or collecSlor of fuch port, with the privity of the comptroller, fhall, out of any money in the hands of fuch cuftomer or collector arifing by cuftorns, or other duties belonging to the crown, pay to fuch exporter or proprietor, the value of thirteen pence per yard, taking a receipt for the fame, from fuch exporter or proprietor, in full latisfa&ion for the faid goods, as if they had been regularly fold; and the refpedlive commiftioners of the cuftorns fhall caufe the faid goods to be fairly and publickly fold for the beft advantage ; and out of the produce thereof, the mo* ney fo paid or advanced as aforefaid, fhall be repaid to fuch cuftomer or collector, with the privity of the comptroller, to be replaced to fuch funds, from whence the fame was borrowed; and the overplus, if any, (hall be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer towards the finking fund, by the title of The additional ditty on cambricks granted by this a<ft.

V.	And in order to prevent abufes by exporting linens which fhall be under the value of fix pence per yard, when the merchant fhall in his entry and endorfement on his cocquet exprefs, that the value thereof is fix pence per yard, or upwards, in order fraudulently to obtain a bounty of one penny, inftead of a halfpenny per9yard ; be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any fearcher or Farther direc-ot^er proper officer, after the entry of any of the faid goods, tions to the and before or after the lhipping thereof, to open and ftridfly exofficers. amine any bale, trufs, cheft, or other package, to fee if the goods are right entered, and endorfed on the cocquet; and if on fuch examination, the fame fhall be found to be right entered and endorfed, the fearcher fhall, at his own charge, caufe the fame to be repacked, which charge fhall be allowed to the faid officer by the commiftioners of the cuftorns, if they think Goods forfeit- ft reafonable ; but in cafe the officer fhall on examination, find f^°entr UCiU" Sooc^s *°	quantity	than	fhall be exprefled in the

cnt	entry.	endorfement in the merchants entry	or	cocquet, or under the

value of fix pence per yard, or that	the	goods fhall be entered

and endorfed under a wrong denomination, whereby his Maje-fty would ha^/e been defrauded, all the goods contained in all and every the package or packages endorfed on the faid entry or cocquet may be feized, and the fame fhall be forfeited and loft, and the owner or merchant fhall lofe the benefit of receiving the bounty for fuch goods.

Goods forfeit- VI. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afore-ftg °beft(k^ " ftud, That if any Briti/h or IriJb linens for which fuch bounty i2(i.	per yard, fhall have been given or claimed,	fhall	be relanded in Great

Britain, Ireland, or the ille of Man,	the	fame fhall be forfeited,

and every perlon concerned in bringing back or relanding the fame, lhall forfeit twelve pence for every yard fo brought back or relanded,

6	VII.	Pro-

Hosted by Google

1742-] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 2g.	53

VII.	Provided always, That nothing in this a6t contained Provifo.

(hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give any bounty on

any linens that are ftriped or chequered, or made ifrto buck-rums or tilletings.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the autho- Bounty for ex-rity aforefaid, That no linen of the manufacture of Ireland to be porting Irifh exported from Great Britain, (hail be inti tied to any bounty, linen not to be but fuch as.(hall be, at the time of fuch exportation, the pro- paid, except perty of a perfon ufually refiding in Great Britain, of which the ^a^reWes / exporter or exporters of fuch Irijh linen are hereby required to in Great Bri-make oath (or being of the people called Quakers, a folemn af- tain, formation) before the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms

(who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame) of the port from whence fuch Irifio linen fhall be exported.

IX.	And ivhereas in many ports of the kingdom of Great Britain, from which Britifh or Irilh linens may he exported, there may not he fo much money collected and received hy the additional duty hereby granted, as may be fufficient to pay the bounty to be allowed by this all, whereby the exporters of fuch ports cannot have the benefit of the

.faid bounty; for remedy thereof, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any of the collectors of the cuftoms in any of Colleftor not the out-ports in South Britain, or of any port in North Britain, having fuffici-fhall not have fufficient money in his hands, arifing by the faid e?t money m additional duty, to fatisfy and pay fuch bounty which fhall be g-^e a^ertil0 due to any exporter or exporters of Britifh or Irifh linens as ficate. aforefaid ; that then fuch collector of any of the faid out-ports in South Britain, (hall (if required) give to the perfon intitled to fuch bounty, a certificate, without fee or reward, under his hand, attefted by the comptroller, of what is due to fuch perfon for fuch Britifh or Irifh linen fo exported from any fuch port in South Britain, certifying to the commifiioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London, that he hath not money in his hands arifing from the duties granted by this act, fufficient to pay the fame ; The fame to and fuch collector of any port in North Britain fhall likewife (if be done in required) give to the perfon demanding fuch fum or fums of North Britain, money, lawfully authorized, without fee or reward, a certificate, under his hand, to the commifiioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at Edinburgh, of what is due to fuch perfon for the bounty of the Britifh linens exported from any fuch port in North Britain, and upon producing fuch certificate, and the debenture of the linens exported, to the commifiioners there, they are hereby required, in cafe there be any money in the hands of the receiver-general, or cafhier of the cuftoms there, arifing by the duties granted by th:s act, to pay, or caufe to be paid, to the perfon producing fuch certificate and debenture, being authorized as aforefaid, the fum or fums of money fo certified ; and if they have not fufficient to pay fuch fum or fums of money, they (hall forthwith, without fee or reward, give fuch exporter a certificate, certifying the fame to the commifiioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London ; which refpective certificates being affixed to the debentures for the bounty of the laid linens

E 3	f©

Hosted by Google

54	Annodccimo	quinto	Georgii	II.	c.29.	[1742.

fo exported, and being produced to the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London, they the faid commiflioners are hereby authorized and required, on demand by the perfon authorized as aforefaid, that (hall bring the fame, to caufe the monies thereby due to be paid by the receiver-general, or cafhier of the cuftoms, without fee or reward, out of fuch monies as fhall be in his hands, arifing out of the duties hereby granted for the payment of the faid bounty ; and in cafe fuch receiver or cafhier fhall not have money in his hands fufficient for paying the whole of fuch fum or fums of money fo certified as afore-faid, he is hereby authorized and required to pay the fame, fo far as the money in his hands will then go, and the remainder from time to time, as the money arifing by the duties granted by virtue of this acft (hall be by him received ; and he is alfo hereby required to obferve a due courfe of paying fuch debentures in the order of time which they fhall be produced or prefented to the commiftioners of the cuftoms, who (hall caufe fuch debentures to be numbered progreftively, as they {hall be prefented to them, or to the officer or officers appointed by them to receive the fame.

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every officer and officers, who fhall be concerned in collecting, levying, and accounting for the duties arifing by this act, fhall keep a feparate and diftincft account thereof; and all and every fuch fum or fums of money, as fhall not be paid by the refpecftive collectors who receive the fame, to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall, upon the exportation of Britljl) or Irijh linen be intitled thereto, purfuant to the directions of this act, fhall forthwith be remitted and paid to the receiver-general and cafhier of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in whofe hands all fuch fums fhall remain, and be applied only to the payment of the bounty granted by this act, utilefs it (hall appear, that more money doth arife by the duties hereby granted, than (hall be fufficient to anfwer

and the over- and difcharge the bounties payable by this act; in which cafe rJ,1°	the lord high treafurer, or lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s

treafury for the time being, may and (hall direct the fame from time to time to be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer, towards the finking fund, by the title of Duty on cambrich by this act.

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the lord high treafurer, or lords commiflioners of the treafury for the

paidVut of the time being, or the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time duties.	being, to pay or caufe to be paid out of the duties arifing by this

act, all fuch additional charges or expences as may attend the putting the fame in execution.

XII.	Provided always, and be It further enacted, That all bonds taken, or to be taken ; and all debentures made, or to be made purfuant to this act, fhall not be chargeable with any of the duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, or paper 5 any law or ftatute made or to be made to the contrary notwith-ftanding,

XIII. And

Money receiv. ed by the duties, lhall be kept to pay bounties;

plus to be added to the linking fund

Charges of putting this aft in execution, to be

Bonds or debentures on tins aft, not fubjeft to it amp duties.

Hosted by Google

I742*] Anno dedmo quinto Georgii II. c. 29.	55

XIII.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, Drawback of That the faid additional duty granted by this ad: on all foreign ad0dj^°nal cambricks to be imported into Great Britain, after the faid firft po^adon!*" day of Jugujl, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, fhall

upon exportation thereof, be drawn back and repaid in the fame manner, and under fuch regulations, conditions, and reftric-tions, as the prefent duties on foreign cambricks are repaid and drawn back. Provided, that upon the entry of any fuch foreign cambricks for exportation, the importer thereof do make oath (or being a Quaker) a folemn affirmation, before the propen officer or officers of the cuftoms (who has or have hereby power to adminifter the fame) that fuch cambricks were imported in.-to Great Britain, after the faid firft day of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and that the faid additional duty had been paid for the fame, and had not been fince drawn back; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Taking a faife That if any perfon fhall falfely make any oath or affirmation by £a.th> to/or", this adt directed to be made; and fhall thereof be legally con- bTimpriVoned vidted in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, 12 months, fuch perfon fo guilty, fhall forfeit the fum of two hundred

pounds, and be imprifoned for twelve months.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Howtore-That the feveral penalties and forfeitures in this adt mentioned, cover the pe-fhall and may be profecuted, and determined by bill, plaint, or nalties* information, in any of his Majefty's courts of record at Weft-

fninjier, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedtively, wherein no effoin, protedtion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed ; and one moiety of the faid penalties and forfeitures fhall be to the ufe of the King's majefty, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as will fue for, or profecute the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any adtion or fuit fhall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt; the defendant or defendants in any fuch adtion or fuit, may plead

the general iffue, and give this adt, and^He fpecial matter in evi- General ilfue dence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this adt; and if it thall appear fo to have been done, the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his adfion, after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if judgment fhall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for treble coils, the fame, as any defendant or defendants have in other cafes by tew,

E 4

CAP,

Hosted by Google

5$

Anno decimo quinto GeorGII II. c. 30, 31.	[	1742#

CAP. XXX.

An aft to prevent the marriage of lunaticks.

WHEREAS perfons who have the misfortune to become lu~ naticks, may) by reafon of fuch their diforder, be liable to be furprized into unfuitable marriages, which may be of pernicious con-fequence, tf/zi <2	misfortune to their families: wherefore, for

preventing the fame, and the ill confequence thereof, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com^ mons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, in cafe any perfon who now is, or at any time hereafter (hall be found a lunatick, by any inquifition taken or to be taken by virtue of a commiflion under the great feal of Great Britain, or any lunatick or perfon under a phrenzy, whofe perfon and eftate by virtue of any a& of parliament, now are, or hereafter (hall be committed to the care and cuftody of particular Lunatick not truftees, (hall marry before he or fhe (hall be declared of fane d^echre^oV1	by ^or<^ high chancellor of Great Britain, the lord

fane mind by keeper, or lords commifli oners of the great feal of Great Britain the lord chan- for the time being, or fuch truftees as aforefaid, or the major cellor, &c. part of them refpectively, every fuch marriage (hall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes ■yvhatfoever.

CAP. XXXI.

An for further regulating the plantation trade ; and for relief of merchants importing prize goods from America, and for preventing collujive captures there; and for obliging the darners of vejfels feized for exportation of wool, or any unlawful importation, to give fecurity for cojls *, and for allowing Eaft India goods to be taken out of warehoujes, in order to be chcfed and refrefhed.

7 & 8 W. 3. tit H E R E A S by an aft of parliament made and paffed in the '	V V feventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majejly King

William the Third, for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in and 5" Ann the plantation trade, and by another aft of the fifth year of her late c. 8.	*	majejly	SJueen Anne? for the union of the two kingdoms of England

and Scotland, no Jhip or veffel whatfoever Jhall be deemed or pafs as a finp of the built and property of Great Britain, Ireland, Guern-fey. Jerky, or any of his Majejly’s plantations in America, or a prize Jhip made free, fo as to be qualified to. trade to, from, or in any of the faid plantations, until the perfon or perfons claming property in fuch Jhip or vejfel Jhall make oath, and regifter the fame in the manner therein dire ft ed; and in cafe any Jhip’s name fo re gif red Jhall be altered, or any transfer of property to another port, fuch flip is thereby direfted to be regijlred de novo, upon delivering up the former

certificate

Hosted by

Google

i742-] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. C. 31.“	57

certificate ofi the regifier to the proper officers to he cancelled> and in cafe of any alteration o f property in the fame port, by the fale of one or more Jhares in any Jhip, after regiftring thereof fuch fale is to be acknowledged by indorfement on the certificate of the regifier before two witneffies; notwithfianding which, the certificates of the regifier of feveral fhips have been frequently fold to foreigners, and Juch certificates delivered to the purchafers, and the fhips of foreignersy under colour thereof have been admitted to trade from and to thefaid plantations (though of foreign property) contrary to law, to the prejudice of the navigation of Great Britain, and the plantations; for the prevention thereof for the future, may it pleafe your Maje-fly that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That jyjaftersof from and after the twenty fifth day of Dece?7iber, one thoufand veflels regi-feven hundred and forty two, no fhip or veflel required by the fired, (hall faid recited a<fts to be regiftred, and carrying any goods, wares, Slve account or merchandizes, to or from any of his Majefty's faid planta- ^on oatl*» tions in America, or to or from one plantation to another, fhall be permitted to trade, or be deemed qualified for that purpofe, within the intent of the faid recited a<5ls, until the mafter or perfon having charge of the faid (hip or veflel, (hall upon oath (or in cafe of a Quaker, upon his folemn affirmation) before the governor or colle&or of the cuftoms of every of his Majefty's (aid plantations where the fame (hall arrive, give a juft and true account of the name and burthen thereof, and of the place from whence (he came, and of the other particulars according to the form following $ that is to fay,

A, B. maheth oath, (or if a Quaker, folemnly affirms) that the oatjt fhip or veffiel called the •	,	whereof he this deponent (or

affirmant) is mafter, or- hath the charge or command during this prefent voyage, being of the burthen of	tons, came lafi

from	,	and	that	fhe is, as he verily believes, the fame

fhip or veffiel defcribed, meant and intended in and by the certificate now produced by him; and that the fame does now, as he believes, belong wholly to his Majefifs Britifh fubjeftsy and that no foreigner has direftly or indirectly any fhare, property or interejl therein, te his knowledge or belief

And in cafe any fhip or veflel fhall load or unload any goods. Loading or wares or merchandizes, in any of his Majefty's plantations in unloading America^ before fuch proof fhall be made; that every fuch (hip proof’of 016 and veflel (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be pro- Englifh own-fecuted, recovered and divided in like manner as if (he had not ers, the (hip been regiftred in purfuance of the faid a<5t of the feventh and to be forfeit eighth of King William the Third.	e	*

II. And ivhereas by the faid aft of the feventh and eighth years of his faid late majefty King William the Third, it is enafted, That po fin ft s name regiftred, fhall afterwards be changed without regi-

firing

Hosted by Google

58	Anno	decimo	quinto GeoRGII II. c> 31.	[1742-

Jiving the fame de novo, which is by the j'aid aft required to be done upon any transfer of property to another port, and delivering up the certificate of the fir ft regiftry to be cancelled: and whereas mafters of Jhips have frequently loft or miftaid certificates, to the great prejudice of the owner sy who have thereby loft their voyages, and been deprived of the benefit of regiftring their jhips de novo, and fuch lojfes have happened at great difiances from the port proper for the regiftring the jhip de novo; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thou-fand feven hundred and forty two, if any fhip or veflel duly qualified to trade to, from and in his Majefty’s faid plantations, {hall happen to be in any of the faid plantations, and the certificate of the regifter thereof {hall be loft or miftaid, the mafter or other perfon having charge of the faid (hip or veflel, may make oath, or being a Quaker a folemn affirmation, before the governor or collector of the cuftoms, in the port where the fhip or veflel (hall happen to be, in the following form j

A. B. being mafter (or having the charge) of the jhip or vefiel cabled the	,	does	fwear (or folemnly affirm) that the faid

jhip or vefiel has been, as he verily believes, regiftred according to law, to qualify her to trade to, from and in his Majeftfs plantations in America, and that he had a certificate thereof granted at the port of	but that the fame is loft or miflaidy and that he cannot

find the famey and does not know where the fame is, or what is be-come thereof and that the fame hath not beeny nor jhall bey with his privity or knowledge, fold or difpofed of to any perfon or perfons whatfoevery and that he this deponent (or affirmant) and three fourths of the mar'mers navigating the faid jhip or veffiel are his Ma-jeftfs Britifti fubjeftsy and the faid Jhip or veffiel does nowy as he be-lievesy belong wholly to his Majeftfs Britifti fubjeftsy and that no foreigner has to his knowledge or belief any jharey property or inter eft therein.

Security to be And the faid mafter, or other perfon navigating the faid {hip or J>,ven> l^aLnn veflel, fhall alfo give good and fufficient fecurity in the penalty b/raad^of * ^ve hundred pounds, if the fhip or veflel be of the burthen the regifter, if of one hundred tons, or under, and fo in proportion for every found.	fhip or veflel of a greater burthen, to the collector of the port

where the faid fhip fhall be, in his Majefty’s name, and to his Majefty’s ufe, with condition that the faid fhip or veflel was duly regiftred according to law, for qualifying the fame to trade to, from, and in his Majefty’s plantations in America, and that the certificate of the faid regifter, if found, fhall be delivered up tq the commiflioners of the cuftoms to be cancelled, and no illegal ufe has been or {hall be made thereof, and that the fame has not been or {hall be fraudulently difpofed of, and that the faid fhip or veflel does wholly belong to his Majefty’s Britijh fub-» jecfts, and that no foreigner has any {hare, property or intereft therein ; aud upon making fuch oath or affirmation, and giving fuch bond as aforefaid, the governor and collector of h}s Maje-

Oatli to be made of certificate loft or millaid.

The oath.

Hosted by Google

59

1742.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 31*

fly’s cuftoms (hall freely, and without fee or reward, give the faid mafter, or otl}er perfon having the charge of the faid (hip or veffel, a certificate under their hands and feals, of his having Liberty to given fuch bond, and made fuch oath or affirmation, and there- trade *or °ne upon the faid (hip or veffel (hall have liberty to trade for that ^he rfgifte^is voyage only, in the fame manner, as if the original certificate i0it. had been produced, and the firft herein before mentioned oath or affirmation had been taken, and no otherwife j and the faid certificate fo to be given, (hall have the fame force and effect during the faid voyage only, as the original certificate of the re-gifter if produced, and taking the faid firft mentioned oath or affirmation would have had, and no other; and the officers taking the faid oath and bond, (hall tranfmit an account thereof to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That Directions for if the certificate of the regifter of any fhip or veffel (hall be loft, regiftring a and the mafter or perfon having charge of the faid (hip or veffel, <hip*fc novo, and one or more of the owners fhall make proof to the fatif-^thefirft0** faCtion of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in cafe certificateo the owner or owners, or any of them, (hall refide in Great Britain or Ireland, Guernfey or Jerfey, or of the governor or collector of the cuftoms, refiding in any of his Majefty’s plantations \n America, in cafe (he was regiftred in fuch plantation,	4

and none of the owners (hall refide in Great Britain or Ireland,

Guernfey or Jerfey, upon oath, or in cafe of a Quaker, upon fo-lemn affirmation of the lofs of fuch certificate, and likewife of the name, burthen, built, property and other particulars rer quired by the faid a£t of the feventh and eighth of King William the Third, in the fame manner, and before the fame perfons, as by that aCt are required upon original regifters; and (hall likewife give good and fufficient fecurity, in the penalty of five hundred pounds, if the (hip or veffel be of the burthen of one hundred tons, and fo in proportion for every fhip or veffel of a greater burthen, to the colle&or of the port, to which fuch lhip or veffel (hall belong; and that the original certificate hath not been, nor (hall be fraudulently difpofed of, or ufed contrary to law; and that the fame when found, lhall be delivered up to the commiffioners of the cuftoms to be cancelled ; jn fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and the governor and collector of the cuftoms, refiding at the plantations refpeCtively; and the faid commiffioners, governor and collector are hereby required to permit the faid fhip or veffel to be regiftred denovo, and the proper officers fhall deliver a certificate thereof to the owner or owners regiftring the fame, in the manner directed by the faid aCt of the feventh and eighth of King William the Third, and therein mention the name by which the fhip or veffel was formerly regiftred, and that fuch certificate of a new regifter is granted in purfuance of this aCt, inftead of a former certificate, which appears, by fuch proof as this ad requires, to be loft; and that fuch new regifter aud certificate (hall have the fame

force

Hosted by Google

6o

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 31.	[174^

force and effedl as if the fame were an original regifter and certificate, and no other; and a duplicate thereof fhall be tranf-mitted by the officers who fhall grant the fame to the commif-fioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms.

IV.	And whereas by the before recited a El of parliament made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of Kitig William the Third, for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in the plantation trade, it is enaEled among other things, That in all bonds (commonly called Plantation Bonds) that are given in the plantations, in purfuance of ifcCar. 2. c.18. an'aEl of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for encouraging and encreaftng of Jhipping and 22 Car.2. c.26. navigation, and another a El made in the twenty fecond year of his faid Majejlf s reign, to prevent planting tobacco in England, and regulating the plantation trade, the governors of the plantations, before they permit any Jhip, that by law is to trade there, to load on board any of the commodities enumerated in the faid aEl lafl mention -ed, are to take bond in the manner, and to the value expre/fed and direEled by the faid aEl, that fuch /hips or veffels /hall carry all the a-fore faid enumerated goods that Jhall be laden on board the faid Jhip, to fome other of his Majeflf s Britifh plantations, or to Great Britain ; and that the condition of the faid bonds /hall be within eighteen months after the date thereof [the danger of the feas excepted) to produce certificates of having landed and difcharged the goods therein mentioned, in one of his Majeflf s faid Britifh plantations, or in Great Britain, otherivife fuch bonds to be in full force: but there being no provifion made in any of the faid aEls, or any other law, for returning and producing certificates within any limited time oj/ the landing and difcharging fuch goods for fuch flips as give bond in Great Britain, in purfuance of the direElions of the faid aEls made in the twelfth and twenty fecond years of King Charles the Second; be it The condi' therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and tionof planta- after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven tion bonds. hundred and forty two, that in all bpnds, commonly called Plantation Bonds, which fhall be hereafter taken or entered into in Great Britain, in purfuance of the faid a6I, or any other law fince made, whereby the goods therein enumerated are to be brought to Great Britain, fuch bonds fhall be with condition, that within eighteen months from the date thereof (the danger of the feas*excepted) a certificate fhall be produced from the collector and comptroller of the port where fuch goods fhall be delivered, that they have been there landed and difcharged, other-wife fuch bonds fhall be forfeited, and the penalty thereof fhall and may be fued for in any of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in England, Scotland or Ireland refpedtively; provided that this adl fhall notextendorbe conftrued to extend to bonds given for (hips which lade rice at Carolina or Georgia, by virtue of a licence granted by the commiffioners of the cuftoms, to be carried to fome part of 3 Geo.2. c.28. Europe, to the fouthward of Cape Finfierre, purfuant to an a6l paffed in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or for fhips lading fugars in any of his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, by virtue of a licence granted by the commiffioners of his

lylajefty’s

Hosted by Goo;

174^.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. C.31.	61

Majefty’s cuftoms, to be carried dire&ly to any foreign part of

Europe, except Ireland, purfuant to an a61 palled in the twelfth i2Geo,a.c.30.

year of the reign of his prefent Majefty*

V.	And whereas by an aft made in the thirteenth year of his Ma- 13 Geo. a. c.4, jefly s reign, for the more effectual fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefly s Britifh fubjefts to America, and for the encouragement of feamen to enter into his Majefys fervice, it is declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing therein contained fioall extend or be conftrued to extend to exempt any fhips, goods, wares or merchandizes, which jhall be taken as prize ^ and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majefy s plantations in America, from the payment of any cujloms or duties, or from being fub-jeft to fuch refriftions and regulations') to zuhich the fame now are or Jhall hereafter be liable, by virtue of the laws and f atutes of this realm: and whereas during the prefent war with Spain, feve-ral goods and commodities of the- grozvth and produftion of foreign plantations, not belonging to his Majefy, and other goods and commodities , being the produft of other countries, have been already, and may be taken in America, zvhicb may by the laws now in force be fubjeft to forfeiture, or liable to the payment of high duties to his Majefly, as not coming direftlyfrom the places of their growth) or from the ports or places, zuhere the faid goods can only or ufually have been firf Jhipped for tranfportation., which will not only be a difcoutage me nt to the captors and importers thereof but put them under a necejfity to fend fuch goods for the future dire ft ly to foreign markets y which will be a lofs to his Majefly s revenue, and tend to the prejudice of the trade of this kingdom: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all goods and commodities of the Reo.uiati0n of growth or product of foreign plantations, not belonging to his theduty for Majefly, or any of his lubje&s, which have been already taken, prize goods, or fhall be taken in America during this prefent war, and have been or (hall be condemned as prize as aforefaid, and fhall be imported into this kingdom, in any of his Majefty’s fhips of war, or in Britifh fhipping, duly navigated, and for which the duties due to his Majefly have not been paid, or fecured to be paid, upon producing fuch affidavits and certificates thereof as are herein after mentioned, fhall pay fuch cuftoms and duties only as the fame would have paid, if the faid goods had been of the growth and producl of the plantations, iflands or colonies, fubjedl to the crown of Great-Britain 3 and that all other goods, wares and merchandizes whatfoever, which have been or fhall be taken and condemned as prize in America as aforefaid, and which fhall be imported into this kingdom from any of the faid plantations, iflands or colonies, upon producing a certificate under the hand and feal of the collector or chief officer at the port or place where fuch goods were put on board in America, that they are the fame goods which were Condemned in the high court of admiralty, within fuch plantation, ifland or colony, (the truth of which fhall appear to the faid colledfor or chief officer there, by affidavit made by the perfon or perfons exporting fuch prize goods) and alfo upon an affidavit made before the collector

Hosted by Google

62	Anno	decimo	quinto	Georgii	II.	c.	31.	[1742-

or chief officer of the cuftoms of fuch port in this kingdom, where the faid goods fhall be imported, by the mafter, purfer, or other perfon who commands thefhip in which the fame fhall be imported, that the goods fo imported are the fame goods for which the faid certificate of the collector or chief officer in America was made as aforefaid, (hall be fubjedt and liable to, and fhall pay fuch duties only as in Great Britain as fuch goods would be liable unto in cafe they had been imported directly from the ports or places, of which the faid goods are of the growth, production or manufacture, or from thofe ports or places where the faid goods can only or ufually have been firft (hipped for tranfportation; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And whereas by the faid add of parliament pajfed in the thirteenth year of his Majeftf s reign, it is enatled, That for the more fpeedy proceeding to condemnation or other determination of any finp or other vejfel, goods or merchandizes, taken prize, and for lejfening the expences that have been ufital in the like cafes, the judge or judges of the court of admiralty, or other perfon or perfons thereto authorized^ fhall proceed in the manner dire died by the faid adl; and if the cafe fhall appear doubtful, and it fhall be neceffary for the clearing and determining fuch doubt to have an examination of witneffes that are remote, that then the faid judge or judges fall forthwith caufe fuch capture to be appraifed by perfons named on the part of the cap-tors, and fworn truly to appraife the fame according to the befl of their fkill and knozvledge, for which purpofe the faid judge or judges fhall caufe the goods found on board to be unladen, and put in proper ware-houfes, with feparate locks of the colledlor and comptroller of the cuftoms, and where there is no comptroller, of the naval officer, and the agents or perfons employed by the captors and claimants, at the charge of the party or parties deftring the fame; and fhall, after fuch ap-praifement made, and within the fpace of fourteen days after the making fuch claim, proceed to take good and fufficietit fecurity from the claimant to pay the captors the full value thereof, according to fuch appraifement, in cafe the fame fall be adjudged lawful prize; and after fuch fecurity duly given, the faid judge or judges fhall make an interloquitory order for releafmg or delivering the fame to fuch claimant or claimants, or his or their agents, and the fame fhall be actually releafed or delivered accordingly: and whereas there is no fufficient provifion made by the faid adl for fecuring the duties on fuch goods as fhall be fo delivered by fuch interloquitory order, nor for preventing the confumption in his Majeffs colonies and plantations in America offuch European goods taken as prize, as fhall be fo delivered, which may be of the utmofl confequence to the trade of this kingdom ; be it ena6ted by the authority aforefaid. That no goods taken as prize (hall be delivered by fuch interloquitory order as aforefaid, until the duties payable for the fame fhall be firft paid or fecured to be paid, in fuch manner as the duty on goods of the like kind ought to be paid or fecured refpectively; and that no prize goods of the growth, production, or manufacture of Europe, which fhall be brought into any of his Majefty’s colonies

Dire&Ions for paying the duty on prize goods in the plantations.

Hosted by Google

i742*] Anno decimo quinto GeoRGH II. C.^r.	6$

nies or plantations in America, (hall be delivered by fuch inter-loquitory order as aforefaid, until fufficient fecurity (hall be firft given to the collector or comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms there, or where there is none fuch, to the naval officer there, to the ufe of his Majefty, that all fuch goods (hall within three months after be re-exported out of the faid colony or plantation; and that no part thereof (hall be confumed there.

VII.	And whereas by an aft of parliament paffed in the eighth 8 Ann*, e« year of the reign of her late majefty g)ueen Anne, for granting to

her Majefy new duties on excife, and upon feveral imported commodities, it is enafted, That every perfon upon entry of any claim in the court where prohibited and uncufomed goods are profecuted, Jhall be obliged to give fecurity, in the penalty of thirty pounds, to anfwer and pay the cojis occaftoned by fuch claim; and in default of giving fuch fecurity within the time limited by the courfe of the court, for entering claims, fuch goods Jhall be recovered. And forafmuch as no provifon is made by the faid recited aft, with refpeft to feizures of fips, veflels, and boats, by reafon whereof groundlefs and vexatious claims are frequently entered thereto, and the officers of the cufoms put to great charges in the condemning thereof be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, where any (hip, veflel, or boat whiatfoever (hall be feized by virtue of any law now in force, made for the more effectual preventing the exportation of wool, and where any (hip, veflel, or boat of the burthen of one hundred tons, or under, (hall be feized for the unlawful importation of tea, brandy, arrack, rum, (Irong waters, or fpirits, or for being ufed in the relanding any goods whereon there is a drawback or bounty, or in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of prohibited or uncuftomed goods after the unftiip-ping thereof, or for any other caufe of forfeiture, every perfon upon entry of any claim in the court where any fuch (hip, veflel, claimants of or boat (hall be profecuted, lhall be obliged to give fecurity in vellels feized, the penalty of thirty pounds, to anfwer and pay the cofts occa- to give fecuri-honed by fuch claim, and in default of giving fuch fecurity with-in the time limited by the courfe of that court for entring claims, fuch (hip, veflel, or boat (hall be recovered.

VIII.	And whereas by an aft paffed in the eleventh and twelfth Jt ^ * c TO

years of King William the Thirds it is, among other things, enafted,	*	^

That all wrought fibs, bengals, andfluffs, mixed with filk or herba

of the manufacture of Perfla, China, or Eafl: India, and all callicoes painted, dyed, printed, or Jlained there, which are or fall be imported into this kingdom, fall not be worn or otherwife ufed within this kingdom but under fuch limitations as are therein mentioned and exprejfed; and that all fuch goods which fall be imported into this kingdom, fall, after entry thereof, be forthwith carried andput into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes as fall for that purpofe be approved. of by the commijfioners of his Majefy s cufoms for the time being, fo as none of them fall be taken or carried out thence upon any account whatfoever, other than in order for exportation, and not until fuffi-cient fecurity be fir (I given to the King's majefy, his heirs and Juccef-fors (which the fmd commijfmers are thereby required and impowered

to

Hosted by Google

64	Anno	decitno	quinto GeoRGII II. c. 3t.	[1741,

to take) that the fame and evtry part thereof fall be exported, and not landed again in any part of this kingdom ; and that the ware-houfe keeper or warehoufe keepers fall keep one or more book or books, wherein he or they fall fairly enter or write an exalt, particular, and true account of all and every chef , bale, and number of pieces therein contained, of fuch of the aforefaid goods only which fall be brought into, and carried out of his or their faid warehoufe or ware-houfes, and the days and times when the fame fall be brought in and carried out; and if upon examination it fall appear that any of the aforefaid goods were carried out, unlefs for exportation, or before fufficient fecurity given for their exportation, as aforefaid, that then the warehoufe keeper or warehoufe keepers fo offending therein, fall not only^ forfeit and lofe the value of the faid goods fo carried out, as aforefaid, and be for ever difabled from any publick employment for the future, but fall alfo forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds for every fuch offence: and whereas the goods before mentioned, upon open -ing thereof, are frequently found to be fpotted or flained with fait water, or otherivife damaged in the voyage, and unlefs permitted to be taken out of the ivarehoufe or warehouses to be refrefed and cleaned, they may totally perif, and the faid goods in feveral other refpeSts, in the condition they come over, are entirely unfit for many markets, to which they are now fenty and thereby give other nations the foie vent of thofe goods, and render the value of them here much lefts, which in both cafes would be of very great lofs to this kingdom ; be it Foreign goods therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, if any wrought filks, bengals, and fluffs mixed with filk or herba, of the manufacture of Perfia, China, or Eaft India, or any callicoes painted, dyed, printed, or flained there,. which fhall be imported into this kingdom, and fecured in a warehoufe or warehoufes as aforefaid, fhall, upon examination by the proper officers, appear to be fpotted or flained with fait water, or otherwife damaged in the voyage, or to be unfit for foreign markets, unlefs cleaned and refrefhed, dyed, glazed, or calendered, then it fhall and may be lawful, upon bond being firfl given to his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, which the faid commiffioners are hereby impowered to take, with two or more fufficient fureties, in the penalty of double the value of the goods, with condition that all and every part of the goods delivered out, fhall be again returned into the fame warehoufes within a certain time to be limited in the faid bond, which time fhall be fuch as the faid commiffioners fhall judge reafonable, then, and in fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the warehoufe keeper or warehoufe keepers, of the faid warehoufes, by leave of the faid commiffioners, to fuffer any of the faid goods in the condition aforefaid, to be taken out of the faid .warehoufes, or any of them, under the care, and in the cufto-dy of fuch officer or officers, as the faid commiffioners (hall direct and appoint, to be cleaned, dyed, prefled, glazed, calendered, or refreshed, in order to make them the more merchantable, and fit for foreign markets 5 provided, andkit is hereby

enadted

may be taken out of the warehoufes and refreflied.

Hosted by Google

I742-] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c/31.	65

ena&ed, that the officer or officers who (hall be appointed to have the charge and cuftody of the faid goods, while they are out of the warehoufe or warehoufes for the purpofes aforefaid, be paid for his or their attendance and trouble therein, by the perfon or perfons at whofe requeft the goods (hall be delivered out; and in cafe of any difpute, as to the allowance to be made fuch officer or officers for his or their attendance and trouble therein, the fame (hall be adjudged and determined by the faid commiffioners.

IX.	And whereas by the faid aft of the eleventh and twelfth of William the Third it is provided, That the warehoufe keeper or ware-houfe keepers Jhall keep an account, in the manner therein directed, of all the faid goods brought in and carried out of the faid warehoufes, and tranfmit to the faid commiffioners an exaft account thereof upon oath, every fix months, together with an exaft account how much Jhall be remaining in his or their faid warehoufe or warehoufes refpec~ tively; which accounts the faid commiffioners are by the faid aft; im-powered and enjoined, within one month after the fame Jhall be tranf-mitted to them, to caufe to be examined in the manner therein dir efted^ and to lay a true account of the fame before the parliament, within the firfi week of every feffions thereof; be it therefore enacted by

the authority aforefaid, That in all the accounts to be kept, pre- Account to pared, transmitted, or delivered as aforefaid, a true and exadl Parliament of account (hall be therein inferted and exprefled, of all fuch of the goods^taken. faid goods as (hall have been delivered out to be cleaned, dyed, out of the prefled, glazed, calendered, or refrelhed, by virtue or in pur- warehoufes to fuance of the directions of this a6l, and which (hall be returned be refrelhed again into fuch warehoufes, mentioning the days and times and retuine ' when the fame (hall have beenfo delivered out or brought back, together with an exadl account how much (hall be remaining in the care and cuftody of the officer or officers appointed to have the charge and cuftody thereof, while they are out of the warehoufe or warehoufes, for the purpofes aforefaid.

X.	And it is hereby further enabled, That if the officer or penaity on officers who (hall be intruded with the care and cuftody of any officers of-of the faid goods delivered out of any of the faid warehoufes fending a-for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall not return all fuch goods into &an)ft tlns the warehoufe or warehoufes from whence they were taken, agreeable to the intention of this adt? the officer or officers offending therein, (hall not only forfeit and lofe the value of the

faid goods fo carried out as aforefaid, and be for ever difabled from any publick employment for the future, but (hall alfo forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds for every fuch offence, and all penalties and forfeitures herein before-mentioned, (hall and may be recovered and divided in like manner as is provided by the faid a<5t of the eleventh and twelfth of William the Third, for recovery of the penalties and forfeitures arifing thereon.

Vql. XVIII.	F	CAP,

Hosted by Google

Anno derimo quinto Georgii II. C. 32,	£1742-

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for preventing the mifchief which may happen hy keeping dangerous quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Weflminfter.

5 Geo. i.c. 26. T X 7HERE A S by aft paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of 31 Geo. i.c.23. V V bis late majefly King George the Fir ft, intituled, An acft for the making more effectual an ad paflfed in the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for preventing the mifchiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities 4/" London and Weflminfter, or the fuburbs thereof; if is enafted, "That it Jhall not be lawful to have or keep more than two hundred pounds of gunpowder at any time in any houfe^ftorehoufe, voarehoufe, /hop, cellar, or other place, or in any houfes, Jlorehoufesy vaarehou/es, /hops, cellars, or other places under one or the fame roof or in any yard or yards within the cities ^London and Weflminfter, or either of them, or within the fuburbs thereof or within three miles of the toiver of London, or within three miles of his Majejlys palace of .Saint James’s, or within two miles of any magazine erefted for keeping gunpowder belonging to his Majejly, his heirs and fuccef-forsffiorthe ufe of the publick, for more than the fpace of twenty four hours, upon pain offorfeiting fuch gunpowder, and the value thereof: and 'whereas the dealers in gunpowder continue to keep within the limits af or ef aid, as large and dangerous quantities as they ufed to do before the making and pa/ftng of the faid afts, evading or elud'mg the fame, either by difpoftng of fuch gunpowder under divers roofs, or in places not deferibed by the /aid Jlatutes, or by taking advantage of the difficulty of proving the fame to have been kept tiventy four hours under the fame roof or by feme other device or craft; and although the juftices of the peace authorized by the faid afts, have authority to caufe dangerous quantities of gunpowder to be removed out of the limits afore faid, yet there being no power given for detaining the fame zvhen removed, a?id the property not being divejred, the owners or proprietors thereof can immediately after fuch removal demand the fame again, and maintain an aftion at law for the recovery thereof although the fame be not detained an hour after fuch removal, whereby the good intentions of the faid Jlatutes are utterly defeated, to the great and apparent danger of the publick fafety : for remedy whereof, and for the more effectual preventing in future the dangers aforefaid, and for making the faid remedy more extenfive, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enad> ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the autho-Perfons not rity 0f the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of kee^but^olb J11^^ one	feven	hundred and forty two, it (hall not

of gunpovv- * he lawful for any perfon or perfons, not being a dealer or dealers der; dealers in gunpowder, to have or keep within the limits aforefaid more no more than than fifty pounds of gunpowder, or for any perfon or perfons 2001b. longer being a jea]er or dealers in gunpowder, to have or keep within

'	*	the

Hosted by Google

I742-] Anno decimo quinto Georgii IT. C.32.	67

the limits aforefaid, for any longer time than twenty four hours, more than two hundred pounds of gunpowder at any time, in any houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, yard, wharf, or other place, or in any houfes, ftorehoufes, warehoufes, (hops, i ^ cellars, yards, wharfs, or other places, either under one and Thames ex-the fame roof, or by dividing the fame, and difpofing thereof cept in (hips, under divers roofs, or in divers places, or upon the river of&c. pa fling or Thames within the limits aforefaid, except in fhips, boats, and repairing, or other vefiels aftually palling and repaying on the laid river of tide^or bad Thames, or detained there by the tides or bad weather ; and ex- weather $ cept alfo in carts, waggons, or other carriages actually loading or carriages or unloading, or palling or repairing on the highway, upon pain joking or un-of forfeiting all fuch gunpowder, and the value thereof, with paVing'on^he full colts of fuit, to any perfon or perfons who will inform and highway, fue for the fame, by any aftion, bill, or information, in any of p . his Majefty’s courts of record at TVeJlminjler; which courts are SeezzGzo. *. hereby impowered and required to give fpecial judgment in fuch c. 38. aftions, bills, or informations, to be brought upon this adt, as well for the recovery of fuch gunpowder in fpecie, as for the value Aftion to be thereof, befides cofts, and to award effeftual execution thereon ; commenced any law, ufage, or cultom to the contrary notwithltanding : within 30 provided fuch fuit or adtion be commenced within thirty days days# next after fuch forfeiture or penalty lhall be incurred, and lhall be profecuted without wilful delay.

II. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it lhall Any juftice to be lawful for any juftice of the peace refiding within the limits iffiue fearch aforefaid, upon demand made by any parifh officer, or by any warrants, one or more houfholder or houlholders, being an inhabitant or inhabitants within the faid limits, affigning a reafonable caufe for the fame, to iftue his warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, for fearching in the day-time for dangerous quantities officers to of gunpowder within the limits aforefaid, any houfes, ftore- break open houfes, warehoufes, Ihops, cellars, yards, wharfs, or other warehoufes, places whatfoever, or any fhips, boats, or other veftels on the 1 occa~ river of Thames^ (except as herein before is excepted) within the limits aforefaid, and for that purpofe to break open any fuch houfes, ftorehoufes, warehoufes, fhops, cellars, yards, wharfs, or other places aforefaid, or any boats, Ihips, or other vefiels, if there lhall be occafion; and that upon every or any fuch To feize and fearch, it lhall be lawful for the fearchers or perfons finding the move unlaw-fame immediately to feize, and then, or at any time within ^\^Uhours^ twelve hours after fuch feizure, to amove, or caufe to be amov- in 12 ours 1 ed, all fuch gunpowder as fhall be found within the limits aforefaid, upon any fuch fearch, exceeding the quantity allowed by this prefent aft, and the fame being fo amoved out of the limits and detain the aforefaid, it lhall be lawful to detain and keep the fame until fa'ne till the it lhall be determined in one of his Majefty’s faid courts of re - P™Perty be cord at Wejiminjier, whether the fame lhall be forfeited by vir- a^court of re-tue of this aft, and the perfon or perfons fo detaining the fame, cord at Weft-fhall not in the mean time be fubjeft or liable to any aftion or minfter,

F 2	fuit

Penalty on perfons permitting gunpowder to be lodged with them not being the owners.

Provifo.

Generalise,

Treble colls.

This adt not to affedt pub-lick ftore-houfes or magazines.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 32.	[1742

fuit for the keeping or detaining the fame until the property fhal be determined as aforefaid.

III.	And whereas divers perfons have permitted the dealers in gunpowder to lodge divers quantities thereof in their houfes, warehoufes, yards, or other places, not belonging to fuch dealers, with a view of evading the aforefaid a bis; for remedy whereof, be it further en-a<5led by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfdn or perfons fhall confent or agree, or knowingly permit or fuffer any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, to have cr keep any gunpowder whatloever, in any houfe, warehoufe, fhop, cellar, wharf, yard, or other place, within the limits aforefaid, belonging to, or in the poffeffion, power, or occupation of, any fuch perfon or perfons, not being the owner or proprietor, or the owners or proprietors of fuch gunpowder* every fuch perfon and perfons fhall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of one (hilling for every pound of gunpowder which he, fhe, or they fhall fo confent or agree, or knowingly permit or fuffer to be had or kept as aforefaid, contrary to the meaning of this prefent adt, to be recovered by any perfon or perfons who will fue for the fame, in fuch manner as is before provided for the recovery of the penalties herein before mentioned.

IV.	Provided always neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enadted, That it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons interefted in fuch gunpowder, or any perfon or perfons by collision with the owners or proprietors thereof, to have or maintain any adtion, bill, or information upon this prefent adt; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-(landing.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuit or adtion fhall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this prefent adt,: in every fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance or by the authority of this adt; and if a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her, or their fuit or adtion, after iffue joined; or if upon demurrer, or otherwife, judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofts, and (hall have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

VI.	Provided always. That this adt, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend in any wife, to affedt any ftorehoufe or magazine belonging to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, wherein gunpowder or other (tores (hall be kept for the ufe of the publick, or to hinder the proving or trying gunpowder by his. Majefty’s officers as is ufuaJ, for the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or to the carrying

Hosted by Google

I742-] Anno decirno quinto GeorGII II. 6.33.	69

ing of gunpowder to and from any of hisMajefty’s magazines, or with forces in their marches.

VII. And be it enabled, That the faid recited afts, and all The recited provifions, claufes, matter, and things therein contained, not aft.? to be in hereby altered, (hall be of full force, and (hall or may be ob-ferved and put in execution for preventing the mifchiefs afore-faid, notwithftanding the making of this aft.

CAP. XXXI1L

An aft to revive feveral afts for the puniflment of perfons deftroying turnpikes or locks, or other works erefted by authority of parliament, and for other purpofes therein mentioned ; and to continue feveral afts relating to rice, to frauds in the cufioms, to the clandefline running of goods9 and to copper ore of the Britifh plantations , and for extending the liberty given by the aft of the twelfth year of the reign his prefent Majefly, for carrying fugar of the growth of the Britifh fugar colonies in America, to fhips belonging to any of his Majefifs fubjefts refiding in Great Britain, and navigated according to law3 and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of jlar or bent.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned [which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are expired, or mar expiring y may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft made in the fifth 5 Geo.2. e.33, year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to explain, 'amend, and render more effectual an aft paffed in the firfiyear 1 Geo.2. c. 1^. of his prefent Majeftfs reign, intituled, An aft for punifhing fuch perfons as fhall wilfully and malieioufly pull down and deftroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks or other works erefted by authority of parliament, for making rivers navigable, and ajfo an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent and 8 Geo. 2. Majefty, intituled, An aft for rendering the lows more effeftualff'^

. for punifhing fuch perfons as fall wilfully and malicioufy pull down ancj iockSj re„ or deftroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks or other works vived for 5 erefted by aft of parliament, for making rivers navigable, and for years. other purpofes therein mentioned, 3 which faid afts are expired, fhall Madeurutual be, and the fame are hereby revived, and fhall be in force for 27Geo.2.0.16. the purpofes therein mentioned, from the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, until the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That 3 Geo. 2. an aft made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Maje-c. 2S. relating fty, intituled, An aft for granting liberty to carry rice from histo the trade of Majeftf s province of Carolina in America, dire ft ly to any part ofUC€*

Europe, Jouthward of Cape Finifterre, in Jhips built iny and be-

F3	longing

and another S Geo. 2 c 19. for continuing the fame till Sept.29, 174-1. is extended to Georgia, and continued (ill June 1, 1747. Continued, by 27Geo.2-C.18.

Glaufes in 5 Geo. 1. c. 11. againft running uncu-(lomed goods,

9 Geo. 1. c. 8.

z Geo. 2. c.28:

8 Geo.2. c. 21.

continued till June r, 1747. Farther continued by 27 Geo, 2. C. l8.

Anno dccimo quinto Geokgii II. c. 33.	[1742.

longing to Great Britain, and navigated according td Jaw ; which was to be in force for five years, from the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and alfo an a<St made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to continue the faid acf, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and to extend that liberty to his Majefty’s province of Georgia in America, (hall be, and are hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the faid firffc day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral claufes in an a6t made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An aft againfi clan deft in e running of uncufiomed goods; and for the more effectual prevetiting of frauds relating to the cnfoms, relating to fuch foreign goods, wares, and merchandizes, as (hall be taken in at fea, out of any (hip or veffel, in order to be landed, or put into any other fhip, veflel, or boat; and alfo relating to goods not reported, and found after clearing fhips; and whereby further remedies are provided a-gainft relanding goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and foreign goods (hipped out for parts beyond the feas; and alfo relating to the opening or altering the package of goods, on board (hips outward bound ; and alfo relating to hovering (hips or veflels of the burthen of fifty tons or under ; and alfo concerning the bales or package, in which coffee fhall be exported; and alfo relating to rum imported in cafks or veflels, not containing twenty gallons at the lead; and alfo relating to certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which faid feveral claufes were to have continuance for the term of three years, from the feveral times of the commencement thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament refpedtively; and by another a£t pafled in the ninth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, were continued from the expiration of the feveral and refpedtive terms therein mentioned, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-fion of parliament; and which faid claufes, by an a61 made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majeffy, were further continued, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which faid claufes by another a61 made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; fhall be, and are hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundreJ and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

IV. And

Hosted by Google

1742.] Anno declmo quinto Georgii II, c. S3-	71

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, 8 Geo.i. c. is.

That an adl made in the eighth year of the reign of his Jate Ma- to Pr.event the •/i **ii ,	r-,	b . j i j n-	•	j	running or

jetty, intituled, An aft to prevent the clandejtme running oj goods, goods, conti-

and the danger of infeftion thereby \ and to prevent Jhips breaking nued till June

their quarantine ; and to fubjeft copper ore of the production of the** J747-

Britilh plantations to fuch regulations as other enumerated commodities F(irt!Jf cofz~ r , f, . J ?, . _	,	.	r	r	nued by'Ll Geo,

oj the like production are Jubjeft; which was to be in force for Zm cf1^f

two years from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; which act (except the claufe obliging all (hips or veflels to perform quarentine) was by an act made in the eleventh year of his late Majefty’s reign, fur- uGeo,i. c.29. ther continued from the expiration thereof, for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which by another act (except the claufe obliging all (hips or veflels to perform quarentine) made in the fecond year of the 2 G£o,2.c. z%, reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which faid act (except the claufe obliging all (hips or veflels to perform quarentine) was by another act made in the eighth year of the reign $ Geo.i, c.^j, of his prefent Majefty, further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, (hall be (except fo much of the fame act as relates to (hips or veflels performing quarentine) and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the faid flrft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

V.	And whereas the liberty given by the aft of the twelfth year iiGeo.s.c.jo* of his Majefty*s reign to carry fugar of the growth and produce of his Majefiy s fugar colonies in America, direftly to foreign parts, in Jhips built in Great Britain, navigated according to law, hath proved very beneficial to the faid colonies, and the extending thereof to Jhips belonging to Great Britain, navigated according to law, would greatly promote and encourage the trade of the faid colonies; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the	:rr^

twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and the^lantsu forty two, it (hall and may be lawful for any of his Majefty’s tions dire&ly fubjects, in any (hip or veflel built in Great Britain, or belong- to foreign ing to any of his Majefty’s fubjects redding in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, to (hip or load in any of his Maje- belon^ing^to5 fly’s fugar colonies in America, any fugars of the growth, pro- Greac&Britain-, duce, and manufacture of (he faid colonies, or any of them, and to carry the fame from thence in any fuch fhips or veflels to any foreign parts of Europe, fubject neverthelefs to all fuch rules, entries, fecurities, reflections, regulations, limitations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are in and by the faid act of the twelfth year

F 4	of

Hosted by Google

7^	Anno	decimo qulnto Georgii II. c.33.	[1742.

of his Majefty’s reign, for that purpofe particularly appointed and ena&ed.

VI.	And whereas upon the north-ivefl coajls of this kingdom, and efpecially in the county palatine of Lancafter, the fea is bounded, and the adjacent lands are prevented from being overflowed by large fand-bills> ivbich are compofed of fuch loofe fand, that in dry weather, when any violent ftrong wefl winds happen to blow, the fame is car-tied away, thrown upon the adjacent lands, not only to the damage thereof but alfo to the great terror and danger of the inhabitants , who are thereby expofed to the inundation of the fea: and whereas it has been found by experience, that the befl way to pre-ferve the faid hills from being blown away as aforejaid, is to plant them with a certain rujh or jhrub called flarr or bent, which proves (in effectual method for keeping the fame firm and folid, and which the owners of the faid lands are at great cofls and charges in yearly feiting. and planting for that purpofe: and whereas it frequently happens, that many idle and diforderly perfons, refiding near the faid coajls, do Unlawfully and malicioufly in the night-time, as well as by day, cut, pull up,	the flarr or bent fo planted as aforejaid, and

infiead of working in an honefl manner for the maintenance and fup-port of their families^ do privately fell and difpofe of the faid flarr or bent, for tnaking of matts, brujhes, and brooms or befoms, and thereby the faid hills are rendred jo loofe and open, that the fame are often blown upon the adjacent lands, which are covered over therewith in fuch maimer as to deflroy the corn, grafs and herbage thereof and expofe the fame to inundations, to the great lofs and damage of the owners and occupiers of the faid lands: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons dial], at any time or times, from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, by day or night, without the confent of the lord or owner of fuch ftarr or bent hills, cut, pull up or carry away any ftarr or bent which already is, or at any time or times hereafter (hall be planted or fet on the faid hills or banlcs, on the north-weft coafts of England, in order to preferve and to prevent the fame from ber ing blown upon the faid adjacent lands, it (ball and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace of the county, riding, city, town-corporate, liberty or di-vifion, where fuch ftarr or bent (hall be cut, pulled up or carried away, and fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby im-powered upon complaint or information upon oath made of fuch offence (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorized to adminifter) to fummon the party or parties fo complained of, and in default of appearance thereon, to iffue out his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend and bring before him or them the perfon or perfons fo accufed or complained of; Penalty for an(^ uPon proof thereof made, either by confeftion of the party cutting ftarr or parties fo accufed, or upon the oath of one or more credible or bent from witnefs or witneffes, to convicft the offender or offenders ; and the (and-hjils. every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay the	twenty	(hillings	y	one	moie-

ty

73

I742*] Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. C. 33.

ty thereof to the informer* and the other moiety to the lord or owner of fueh ftarr, bent, or fand-hills, the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices, together with the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, rendring the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the faid juftice or juftices are hereby required to commit the perfon or perfons fo convicted as aforefaid, to the houfe of correction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of three months ; and if any perfon or perfons fo convicted, (hall afterwards be guilty of a fecond of- Penalty on fe* fence, and thereof lawfully convicted by fuch juftice or juftices, con 0 ence# either by confeffion of the party or parties, or upon the oath of one or more credidle witnefs or witneffes, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be committed to the houfe of correction for the fpace of one year, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on

That if any ftarr or bent fhall be found in the cuftody or pof-	•

feffion of any perfon or perfons within five miles of any fuch cuftody,m ftarr, bent or fand-hills as. aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons being convicted thereof before one or more juftice or juftices in manner aforefaid, (hall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be the cutter and puller of fuch ftarr or bent from fuch fand-hills, and

fhall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings; one moiety thereof to the lord or owner of fuch ftarr, bent or fand-hills, the fame to be levied in manner aforefaid, by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together with the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, rendring the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners thereof; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, fuch perfon or perfons fhall be committed in manner aforefaid, to the houfe of correction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the fpace of three months.

VIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this a£l contained Provifo. fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prohibit or reftrain

any perfon or perfons from the exercife or enjoyment of any ancient prefcriptive right, to cut ftarr or bent upon thefea coafts in the county of Cumberland.

IX.	And whereas by an aft made in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the year one thoufandfix hundred and ninety fivey intituled, An acft for prefervation of meadows, lands and paftu-rages lying adjacent to fand-hills, the pulling of bent is prohibited a?id refrained under the penalties mentioned in the faid aft: and whereas the faid aft hath by experience been found inejfeftual for an-fwering the purpofes thereby intended; be it therefore enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty ninth Penalty for day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, ^nd'hlnt in if any bent (hall be pulled or cut from any fand-hills in that Scotland* part of Great Britain called Scotland, either by the lord or owner thereof, or by any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, fuch

perfon or perfons being convicfted thereof fhall be fubjecft and liable to the like penalties and forfeitures, to be difpofed of in

fuch

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo quinto Georgii II. c. 34.	[1742.

fuch manner as in and by the faid aft is particularly mentioned Penalty for and ex prefled ; and if any bent lhall from and after the faid havingftarr or twenty ninth day of September be found in the cuftody or pof-d^in*Scot^° ^e^lon any Per^on or perfons within eight miles of any fand-Jand? C° ' hills *n t^at Part Great: Britain called Scotland, fuch perfon or perfons being convicted thereof, (hall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be the puller or cutter of bent from fuch fand-hills, and fhall be fubjeft and liable as a puller of bent to the like penalties and forfeitures, to be difpofed of in fuch manner as in and by the faid aft is particularly mentioned and expreffed.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft to explain an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft to render the laws more effeftual for preventing the Healing and deftroying of fheep and other cattle.

i4G$o.x,c.6. Tl/HEREAS by an aft made in the fourteenth year of the V V reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft to render the laws more effeftual for preventing the ftealing and deftroying of fheep and other cattle, it was enafted, That if any perfon or perfons fhould at any time from and after the firjl day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, felonioufy drive away, or in any other manner felonioufly fieal, one or more fheep or other cattle of any other perfon or perfons whatfoever y or fJyould wilfully kill one or more Jbeep or other cattle of any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, with a felonious intent to fual the whole car cafe or car cafes, or any part or parts of the carcafe or ear cafes of any one or more fheep or other cattle• that fhould be fo killed\ or Jhould afiift or aid any perfon or perfons to commit any fuch offence or offences, that then the perfon or perfons guilty of any fuch offence, being thereof convifted in due form of law, Jhould be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhould fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy: and whereas it is doubtful to what forts of cattle befides fheep the faid aft was meant to extend ; be it therefore enafted and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and." with the advicelmd confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority fame> That the faid aft was meant and intended, and fhall be conftrued, deemed and taken to extend to any bull, cow, ox, fteer, bullock, heifer, calf and lamb, as well as fheep, and to no other cattle whatfoever.	',

or came trie

aft (hall extend.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

I742*] Anno decimo quinto GeoRGII II. c.35.	75

CAP. XXXV.

An aCl to continue feveral laws for the encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain ; and of the ftlk manufactures of this kingdom \ and for allowing a drawback on the exportation of copper bars imported; and to explain a claufe in an ad made in the lafi feffion of parliament, to prohibit the exportation of corn, and other things therein mentioned \ and to give further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

WHEREAS the laivs herein after mentioned, which have ly experience been found ufeful and beneficial, are near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadled, and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an adt made in the twelfth year of 12 Ann. (ti.

• the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An ad for *0. the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain; which was to continue in force for feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which was by an adt made in the fifth year of his late Majefty’s reign ^Geo.i.c^ further continued for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by another adt made in the tenth year of the reign of his faid ioGeo.i.c.ty. late Majefty was further continued for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament ; and which by another adl made in the eighth year of the g Geo. z, c.iS, reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued until the Continued to twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and junei> I747# forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion &c. of, parliament, fhall be, and the fame is hereby further conti- Farther canti-nued from the expiration thereof, until the fir ft day of June, nued by zjGeo* one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence2*c,lS* to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Claufesin the feveral claufes contained in an adt made in the eighth year of | Geo. 1. c. 15. the reign of his late Majefty, intituled. An aCt for the encourage- ^ the ment of the felk manufactures of this kingdom \ and for taking off' manufactures, feveral duties on merchandizes exported; and for reducing the duties upon beaver fkins, pepper, mace, doves and nutmegs imported; and for importation of all furs of the product of the Britilh plantations into this kingdom only ; and that the two corporations of ajfurance on any fuit brought on their policies, Jhall be liable only to fingle damages and cofis of fuit, relating to the encouragement of the filk manufactures of this kingdom; and for taking off feveral duties on merchandizes exported; which were to continue in force for three years, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand

Hosted by Google

j6	Anno	decimo quinto Georgii II. e. 35;	[1742*

feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which faid claufes uGeo.i.c.29. were by an acft made in the eleventh year of his faid late Maje-fly’s reign, continued from the expiration thereof for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parlia-2Geo. 2.c. 28. ment; and by another a61 made in the fecond year of his pre-fent Majefty’s reign were further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by another a<5t

8 Geo 2 c 18 ma<^e *n t^le	year	°f	the	reign	of his prefent Majefly

’	were further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one

continued to thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the June i, 1747* end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame are hereby continued from the expiration thereof, until Farther conti- the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty miedbyz6Geo. feven> and from thence to the end of the then next; feflion of 2* *	parliament.

The two laft	HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

claufes in an That the two Jaft claufes in an aeft made in the ninth year of aft 9 Geo. i. the reign of his late Majefly, for continuing of fome laws, and1' tinuin°riaw^ rev*vmg others therein mentioned, for more effectual prevent-&c# ® f ing frauds in mixing ftlks with fluffs to be exported : which faid claufes were by an adl made in the fecond year of the r^ign of his prefent Majefly, to continue in force to the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament;' Farther conti- and which by another a<5t made in the eighth year of the reign nued as 8 Geo. of his prefent Majefly were further continued until the twenty c- *5* fifth day of March^ one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parlia-continucd to rnent, (hall be and are hereby further continued until the firft June 1, 1747. day of fune, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

A claufe in an IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid^ a<5t 9 & 10 That the claufe contained in an a<5t made in the ninth and tenth 3relating 7ears t^ie re^gn °f his late majefly King William the Third, to copper ore! intituled. An aSi to fettle the trade to Africa, for allowing during a limited time a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported ; and which claufe, after the expiration thereof, was by an a6t made in the twelfth year of the reign of i2 Ann. (rat. her late maiefty Queen Anne^ revived and continued for fourteen

1.	c. 18. f. 5. years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of continued 14 parliament ; and alfo the provifo in the faid laft a&. contained, years.	being in the words following; that is to fay, Provided neverthe-

lefs, and be it enabled, That no drawback /hall be allowed on the exportation of any copper, but fuch as hath been or Jhall be imported from the Eaft Indies, and the coaf of Barbary only ; and which itGeo.i.e.27. faid claufe and provifo, by another a<ft made in the thirteenth year of the^ reign of his late Majefly, were further continued for fourteen years* and from thence to the end of the then next

feffion

Hosted by Google

I743*] Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. i.	77

feflion of parliament, (hall be and are hereby further continued Farther contl-from the expiration thereof, for and during the fpace of four- n“e£ ^l6Geo* teen years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffiori-2* * 32"

parliament.

V.	And whereas by an at1 pajfed in the fourteenth year, of his pre- 14 Geo. 2*0.3. fent Ma jefly s reign, intituled, An ad to prohibit for a time therein limited the exportation of corn, grain, (rice excepted) meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, ftarch, beef, pork, and bacon, it is (among other things) enafted, That no perfon or perfons, at any time before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand [even hundred and forty one, /hall direftly or indirectly export, tranfport, carry, or convey out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, or other the dominions of the crown of Great Britain in Europe, or the plantations /;? America, any fort of corn or grain (rice excepted) meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, ftarch, beef pork, or bacon, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, and twenty Jhillings for every bujhel of corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour fo exported, in ivhich faid ad is contained a provifo, TAz/ nothing therein contained floould extend to prohibit the exporting corn from the Britifh plantations in America to Great Britain or Ireland, or from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, fo as fuch feenrity be given as the faid aft dire fts ; ivhich faid aft is fince expired: and whereas a doubt has arifen, ivhether the exporters of wheaten flour, and malt ground or unground, are entitled to the bounty by laiv allowed to tbofe who Jhould export the fame, by reafon it is not exprefly provided by the faid aft, That wheaten flour, and malt ground or unground,

Jhould be exported to Ireland as well as whole corn ; be it therefore Exporters of enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the faid malt ^ ad was meant and intended to extend to all corn and malt that ground, en-yvas ground, as well as whole corn ; any thing in the faid be- titled to the fore recited ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwith- bounty allow-(landing.	_

The claufe concerning clerks and apprentices. Exp.	in* corn*

, Anno decimo fexto GEORGII II. Regis.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter, the firft day of December, Anno Dom. 1741, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our fovereign lord George the Second, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the fixteenth day of November, 1742, being the fecond fejfion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An ad for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in G^eat Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred arid forty three, Exp, At 4s, m the pound*

CAP.

Hosted by Google

?8	Anilo	decimo	fcxto GeoRGIi II. c. 2—8.	[1743*

CAP. II.

An a6t for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, ill that part of Great Britain called England ; and for granting to his Ma* jefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part or Great Britain called Scotland ; for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three. Exp.

CAP. III.

An a£t for repairing the road from Bowes in the county of York, to Brough under Stainmore in the county of Weftmorland.

Certain tolls granted for 21years*

CAP. IV.

An a£I for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft patted in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty for the more effe&ual amending the highway between Hockliffe and Woburn in the county of Bedford; and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge in Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks.

The aft 1 Geo. II. c. 10. continued for 21 years.

CAP. V.

An a6f for enlarging the term and powers granted by an a6l patted in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for repairing the federal roads leading from the town of , Warminfier in the county of Wilts,

*The aft 13 Geo. I. c. 16. continued for zi years,

CAP. VI.

An a& to enable the prefent and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houfes in Charterhoufe Square, in the county of Middlefex, to make a rate for raifing money effe&ually to inclofe, pave, watch, clean, and improve the faid fquare, and to continue the fame in repair.

CAP. VII.

Art aft for repairing the high road from Borough Bridge in the county of York, to Catherick in the fame county, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the river Tees.

Certain tolls are granted for z\ years. See 22 Geo. II. c. 39.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for repealing certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences for retailing the fame, and for laying other duties on fpirituous liquor j, and on licences to retale the faid liquors.

Preamble, re- TXZH E REAS by an aft made and paffed in the ninth year of citing the*a£t VV the reign of his prefent Majefty ^ intituled, An adt for lay-$Geo.2.c. 17. ing a duty upon the retalers of fpirituous liquors, and for li-^enfing the retalers thereof, the felling and retailing of brandyr rum, arrack, ufquebaugh, geneva, aqua vitae, or any other diftilled fpirituous liquors, or ftrong waters, either mixed or unmixed, in any lefs quantity than two gallons, zuithout firft taking out a licence for Amended by	purpofe,	as in the [aid aft is direfted, was prohibited under the

17 Geo.2.c.17.pencfities therein mentioned, and a duty of tiventy ffillings for every gallon of allfuch fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters was thereby grant*

ed%

1743-1 Anno decimo fexto Georgii It. C.	fg

Vi, and directed to be raifed and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by the retalers thereof \ over and above all other duties then charged and chargeable upon the fame, with divers provifions and directions in the faid aft contained for managing, 'collectings payings and applying the fame duty a?td penalties refpeCtively: and whereas great difficulties and inconveniencies have attended the putting the faid aCi in executions and the fame hath not been found effectual to atifwer tht purpofes thereby intended; we your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje<ts the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fembled, being defirous to raife the neceffary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty, in the eafieft manner we are able, for the benefit of your fubjedls, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this a6l do give and grant unto your Majefty the rates and duties on fpirituous liquors herein after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty firth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, the duty of twenty {hillings per gallon granted to his Majefty by the faid a61, upon all fpirituous liquors which any retalers thereof fhould be pof- The former defied of or interefted in, after the twenty ninth day of Septetn- ^Jties bers one thoufand feven hundred and thirty fix, and alfo the fum of fifty pounds yearly, which by the faid a6l was granted to his Majefty for a licence for vending, bartering, or uttering fuch fpirituous liquors, lhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

II.	And it is hereby further ena6ted by the authority aforefaid.

That in lieu and ftead of the duty and impofition granted and dire6ted to be raifed by the faid former a6t, and which is hereby repealed as aforefaid, there (hall, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of Marchs one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, be raifed, levied, co!le6ted, and paid unto his Ma- New duties jefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, for the feveral fpirituous liquors granted* made, extradted, and manufa61ured in Great Britains and herein after mentioned, fpecified, and enumerated (over and above all duties, charges, and impofrtions by any former a6f of parliament thereupon refpe6lively fet, rated, and impofed) the feveral rates and duties of excife herein after mentioned and ex-prefied ; that is to fay.

For every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the firft extra6fion, The Duties* made or drawn from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, fix pence.

For every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the firft extraction, made or drawn only from any fort of drink or wafh brewed or made from any fort of malt or corn, other than and except brewers wafti and tilts, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, one penny*

For

Hosted by Google

8o	Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 8.	(^1743*

For every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the firft extraction, made or drawn from brewers walh or tilts, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, one penny*

For every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the firft: extraction, made or drawn from any other fort or kind of Englijh materials, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the diftiller or makers thereof, three halfpence.

For every gallon of fpirits made in Great Britain of any kind of wine or cyder imported, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, fix pence.

For every gallon of ftrong waters or aqua vita made for fale of any other materials, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, three pence.

III.	And for the better afcertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying, andfecuring the rates and duties by this act im-pofed on the faid fpirituous liquors, and preventing frauds there-Tobe collect- jn . father enacted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch cife^ e eX of the faid rates and duties by this act granted, as are charged upon fpirituous liquors made, extracted, and manufactured in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall be under the receipt and management of the commiffioners and officers of his Majefty’s revenues of excife in England for the time being, and fuch of the faid rates and duties as are impofed by this act upon fpirituous liquors made, extracted, and manufactured in Scotland, (hall be under the receipt and management of the commiffioners and officers of excife in Scotland for the time being; and the faid refpective commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by commiffion under their refpective bands and feals, to conftitute and appoint under them fuch officers as (ball be neceflary in that behalf; and all monies arifing by the faid duties, or any part thereof (the neceflary charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, fubjecl and liable to the ufes, applications, and purpofes as fhall by any future a<t or acts of parliament be directed or appointed.

All powers, IV. And be ic further enadled by the authority aforefaid, b^CfonTier^cSts That	a°d every the powers, authorities, directions, methods*

(hall be ufed, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late ma-jefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the court of wards, and liveries, and tenures in capite, a?id by knights fervice, and purveyance, and fettling a revenue upon his Majefy in lieu thereof, or by the faid a<t of the ninth year of his Majefty’s reign, or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed for managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or afcertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are prefcribed by

Hosted by Google

1743O Anno declrtio fexto GeoRgii II. c. 8.	81

this acft, (half be exercifed, pradifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the duties granted and directed to be railed by this act, upon the faid fpirituous liquors therein mentioned, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claules, matters and things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the body of this prefent act; and that one moiety of the fines, penalties, and forfeitures hereby granted,

(hall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof, to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Fjnes an(j That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this act before and nalties howto herein after impofed, (hall be fued for, levied, recovered or be recovered, mitigated by fuch ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any

law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlrnlnJhr^ or in the court of feflion, court of judiciary, or court of Ex- r?. chequer in Scotland reflectively ; and one moiety of every fuch to the fine, penalty, and forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty his heirs King, the o-and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall ther to the in-difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.	former.

VI.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing done by virtue, or in purfuance of this or any other act relating to the duties of excife, or other duties under the management of the commiifioners of the excife, fuch

perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give General iffue. this act, or fuch other act, and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontinue his or their action or actions, or be nonfuited, or judgment (hall be given againft him or them upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft any fuch plain- Treble cods, tiff or plaintiffs.

VII.	And for the encouragement of the exportation of fpirits, Drawback on drawn or made from the materials aforefaid; be it enacted by exportation, the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty See 24Geo-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, there (hall be a drawback or allowance of the feveral and refpec-tive duties charged by this a£t on fpirits that (hall be exported to parts beyond the feas ; and upon oath being made before any two or more of the commiftioners of excife, or juftices of the peace for the county or place from whence any fuch fpirits are intended to be exported, that the duties of the fame are duly entered and paid, and that the fame are exported for merchandize to be fpent beyond the feas; and upon producing a certi-

Vql. XVIII.	G	“	"	ficate

c. 40.

None to retale ipirituous li-aors wit’ a licence.

26 Geo. 2

c. 13- j

Licence to colt 20 s.

82	Anno	decimo	fexto Georgii II. c. 8,	[1743,

ficate under the hands of the officers of excife, for the port or place where fuch fpirits were fhipped off, the quantities fo (hipped, and that the fame were (hipped in the prefence of fuch officers, the diftiller or diftillers, or other perfon or perfons exporting the fame, (hall be allowed or paid back by the commiffion-ers of excife, or their collector for that port or place where fuch fpirits (hall be (hipped off, the feveral duties charged thereupon by this a<ff accordingly.

VIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand fill!?0111 feven hundred and forty three, no perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall prefume by him, her, or themfelves, or by any other perfon or perfons whatfoever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their benefit, to retale any brandy, rum, arrack, ufquebaugh, geneva, aqua vita, or any other diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters unmixed or mixed .with themfelves or any other ingredients, and by whatfoever name or names they are or may be called, publickly or privately, without firft taking out a licence for that purpofe, in manner hereafter directed, within ten days at lead before he, fine, or they (hall retale the fame, for which he or they fhall immediately upon taking out thereof pay down for the fame, the fum of twenty (hillings in manner following 5 that is to fay, if fuch licence be taken out within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, then fuch licence fhall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty’s commifiioners for the duty of excife for the time being, and the duties for the fame fhall be paid at the chief office of excife in London, or at any other place, and to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commifiioners for the time being, fhall ap-Who (hall de- point to receive the fame ; and that fuch perfons, as by the faid commifiioners fhall be appointed, are hereby impowered to deliver fuch licences to any fuch perfon or perfons, upon his, her, or their paying down for the fame the aforefaid fum of twenty (hillings at the time of taking out thereof; but if fuch licence fhall be taken out without the limits aforefaid, then fuch licence (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the feveral colledlors and fupervifors of excife, within their refpeclive collections and di-ftriCls, and the duty for the fame (hall be paid by all and every the perfons fo taking out fuch licence, at the office of excife next adjoining to the place where he, (he, or they refpe&ively relide or inhabit, or at any other place, and to fuch perfons as his Majefty’s commiffloners of excife for the time being (hall appoint to receive the fame; and fuch perfons as by the faid com-miflioners fhall be appointed, are hereby impowered to deliver fuch licences to any fuch perfon or perfons, upon his, her, or their paying down for the fame the aforefaid fum of twenty (hillings at the time of taking out thereof: and in cafe fuch licences be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, fuch. licences (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty’s commifiioners of excife in Scotland, for the time being, and the duties for the fame (hall be paid at the

chief

liver oat the licences.

Management ot licences in fecotiand.

Hosted by Google

S3

1743-] Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. C, 8#

chief office of excife in Edinburgh, in the fame manner as is herein before diredled, in regard to the licences to be taken out within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality; but if fuch licences (hall be taken out in any other part of Scotland, without the limits aforefaid, then fuch licences (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the feveral colledlors and fupervifors of excife in Scotland, within their refpedtive collections and diftridfs, and the duties for the fame fliall be paid in like manner as is herein before directed with regard to the licences to be taken out in England, without the limits of the weekly bills of mortality.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid* Frefh licences That every perfon or perfons who (hall take out fuch licence, as every year# aforefaid, is and are hereby required to take out a frefh licence

ten days at the lead before the expiration of twelve months, after the taking out the firft licence, before he, fhe, or they do pre-fume to offer to retale any fuch fpirituous liquors, and in the fame manner to renew every fuch licence from year to year, paying down the like fum of twenty (hillings for each and every new or renewed licence, at the places, and at the times before mentioned ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall prefume or offer Penalty io I* to retale any of the laid fpirituous liquors, without taking out ^khoutafi-fuch licence, and renewing the fame yearly, in manner afore- cence. faid, he, fhe, or they (hall refpeClively forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds for each offence ; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall refufe or negleCl'to pay the faid fum of ten pounds* the fame being lawfully demanded, it (ball and may be lawful for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty, upon information upon oath being made before him or them of fuch refufal or neglect, by Warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, or to be kept to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the houfe of correction for to hard lathe county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty, wherein fuchbour *wo perfon or perfons (hall refide, there to remain and be kept to moutls* hard labour for the fpace of two months, to be reckoned from the day of the faid commitment; and the perfon or perfons (hall not be difcharged until he, (lie, or they (hall have paid the faid fum of ten pounds, or until the full expiration of the faid two months.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, To whom Tha" from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one licences fliall thoufand feven hundred and forty three, no licence (hall be be granted, granted to any perfon or perfons whatfoever felling by retale any fpirituous liquors or firong waters whatfoever, except to fuch

perfons only who (hall keep taverns, vidlualling-houfes, inns, coffee-houfes, or ale-houfes; and if any fuch licences fhall be granted to any other perfons than as aforefaid, the fame are hereby declared void to all intents and purpofes.

XI.	Provided, and it is hereby declared. That nothing in Provifcy this a61 fliall extend, or be conftrued to enable any perfon or perfons to fell any fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters by retale,

G 2	unlefs

Hosted by Google

S4	AnnodecimofextoGeorgii II. c.9,—u.	[1743*

unlefs fuch perfon or perfons be firft licenfed to fell ale or fpi-rituous by two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty, wherein fuch perfon or perfons (hall fell the faid liquors, under the hands and feals of the faid juftices.

Provifo in fa- XII. Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority vour of phyfi-aforefaid. That this a61, or any thing therein contained, fhall clans, apothe. not extend to any phyficians, apothecaries, furgeons, or chy-mifts, as to any fpirits or fpirituous liquors, which they may ufe in the preparation or making up of medicines for fick, lame, or diftempered perfons only; and that no perfon or perfons fhall be deemed or taken to be retaler of fpirituous liquors, who doth not by him, or herfelf, or themfelves, or by his, her, or their fervant or other perfon retale the fame, to be drank or confum-ed in his, her, or their warchoufes, ftorehoufes, (hops, cellars, vaults, rooms, (heds, or other places to him, her, or them belonging, or that fhall otherwife retale or fend the fame abroad out of their faid warehoufes, ftorehoufes, fhops, cellars, aults, rooms, fneds, or other places, in lefs quantities than one pint.

XIII. Provided nevertheiefs, That nothing in this acft contained fhall extend to charge with any of the duties directed to talers ot malt be paid, levied, or received, as aforefaid, any fpirits made or landtSm COt~ diftilled from malt, and retaled and confumed within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which fpirits are commonly called and known by the name of Aqua Vitce in that part of the kingdom, or to fubjetft the makers, fellers, or retalers thereof, within that part of the kingdom to take fuch licences as are herein before diredtcd.

CAP. IX.

caries, furgeons, or chymifts. None to be deemed re-talers who fhall not fell lefs than a pint.

This not

to affedl re-

An a£l to enable the parifhioners of the parifh of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the city of London, to raife a certain fum of money, for payment of debts already contracted for the relief and maintenance of the poor of the faid parifh.

CAP. X.

An a6l for repairing the roads leading from Marlborough through Weft* Kennet, to Shepherds Shord; and lrom the Hare and Hounds in Beck-hampton, to the top of Chei ill Hill; and from the town of Avebury to the crofs-way at Beckhampton, in the county of Wilts.

Certain tolls granted for 21 years.

CAP. XI.

An oM to explain and amend the laws touching the eleftions of members to ferve for the commons in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland *, and to refrain the partiality, and regulate the conduct, of returning ojfcers at fuch eleftions,

WH E R E A S many returning officers of members to ferve for the commons in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, have of late prefumed to aft in a mojl partial and arbitrary manner, femetimes upon falfe pretences, that the rolls of e~

leftors

Hosted by Google

1743*]	Anno decimo fexto GeoRGII II. c. ir.	2$

lectors of commijjioners for fires were not regularly made up, or that the commijftoners for the feveral boroughs intituled to vote in the choice of a member for the r effective dijlrifts of boroughs were not duly e-letted, or ivere not authorized by proper conmtjfions, and fometimes without any pretence at all, encouraged thereto from hopes of impunity, by rcajon that the laws in being have either provided no fufficient punifment for fuch offences ; or where penalties are provided, it has been found by experience to be extremely difficult, and fcarcely poffible to recover them ; for remedy thereof, be it enadled by the King’s Part of the mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent ofa(d is Ann. the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefentj^' parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thatecj. *3*	^

fo much of an adl of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majedy Queen Anne, intituled. An adl for the better regulating the elections of members to ferve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as enadls, That no perfon or perfons, who have not been inrolled, and voted at former elections, (hall, upon any pretence whatfoever, be in-rolled, or admitted to vote at any election, except he or they firft produce a fufficient right or title to qualify him or them to vote at that election, to the fatisfadlion of the freeholders formerly inrolled, or the majority of them prefent, and ordains the returning officers to make their returns of the perfons eledled, by the majority of the freeholders inrolled, and thofe admitted by them, relerving always the liberty of objedling againft the perfons admitted to, or excluded from, the roll as formerly, lhall be and is hereby repealed.

II.	And whereas the rolls of electors of commijftoners to ferve in parliament for the feveral fires and Jlewartries ivithin that part of Great Britain called Scotland, have ?iot, in every one of the faid fires, and Jlewartries, been made up every year, at the Adichael-mas head courts, purjuant to the directions of an adl of parliament made in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the year one thoufand fix hundred and eighty one, intituled. An adl concerning

the election of commiffioners for (hires; for remedy thereof, ^^tj^dx68r and the more effectually to carry the good intentions of the faid ftrengthened/ adl into execution; be it enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fuch perfons as hand upon the roll lad made up by the freeholders, whether at the Michaelmas meeting, or at the lad eledlion of a member to ferve in parliament, fhali be the o-riginal condituent members at their next Michaelmas meeting, or meeting for eledlion, to revife the faid roll.

III.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority a- Freeholders forefaid. That it dial! and may lawful for any freeholder (land- mayobje&, ing upon the roll, to ohjedt to the title of any perfon who hands

at prefent upon the roll lad made up, and for that purpofe to apply at any time before the drft day of December, which fhalj be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, by fummary complaint to the court of feffion, who fhall grant a warrant for fummoning fuch perfons upon thirty days notice to anfwer, and (hall proceed in a fummary way, to

G 3	he^r

Hosted by Google

Manner of aCting, when a perfon claims to be Enrolled.

Anno decimo fexto Georgix II. c. u. f 1743.

hear and determine upon luch complaint; and if no fuch complaint (hall be exhibited within the time aforefaid, then and in that cafe no freeholder, who at prefent (lands upon the rolls lad made up in the faid counties and ftewartries refpedlively, (hall be (Iruck off or left out of the roll, except upon fufficient objections, arifing from the alteration of that right or title, in re-fpedl of which he was inrolled, fuflained by the other freeholders (landing upon the faid roll.

IV.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if at any Michaelmas meeting, or meeting for election, any perfon claiming to be inrolled, (hall by judgment of the freeholders be refufed to be admitted, or if any perfon who (lood upon the roll (hall by like judgment be (Iruck off, or left out of the roll; it (hall and may be lawful for him or them who is fo refufed to be admitted, or whofe name is fo (Iruck off or left out of the roll, to apply (fo as fuch application be made within four kalendar months after their being fo refufed, (Iruck off, or left out) by fummary complaint to the court of feffion, who (hall grant a warrant for fummoning the perfon or perfons upon whofe objection or objedlions he was refufed to be admitted, or was (Iruck off or left out as aforefaid, upon thirty days notice to anfwer, and (hall proceed to hear and determine in a fummary way on fuch complaint; and if any perfon (hall be inrolled, whofe title (hall be thought liable to objection, it (hall and may be lawful for any freeholder Handing upon the faid roll (whether fuch freeholder was prefent at the meeting or not) who apprehends that fuch perfon had not a right to be inrolled, to apply in like manner by complaint to the court of feffion, fo as fuch application be made within four kalendar months after fuch in-rolment; and the faid court, after fervice of fuch complaint, on thirty days notice, upon the perfon faid to be wrongfully admitted to the roll, (hall in manner aforefaid hear and determine ; and if no fuch complaint (hall be exhibited within the time a-forefaid, the freeholder inrolled (ball (land and continue upon the roll until an alteration of his circumftances be allowed by the freeholders at a fubfequent Michaelmas meeting, or meeting for ele&ion, as a fufficient caufe for (hiking or leaving him put of the roll.

.	"	V. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if in

ficeTs no?510t" any	aforefaid cafes the judgment of the court of feffion

(hall alter or reverfe the determination of the meeting of the freeholders, by direding that any perfon (hall be added to, or expunged from, the roll of eledlion, the fheriff or (lewards clerk (hall, upon prefenting to him the extradl of fuch judgment, forthwith make the alteration thereby directed in the books that are kept by him ; and in cafe of his refufal or delay, he (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds fieri in g to the perfon in whofe favour the judgment of the court of feffion is given, to be recovered by him or his executors in the manner Herein after directed.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, 2	That

If any freeholder objects, appeal may be made to the court of (feflion.

obeying the court of feffion.

Hosted by

Google

174-3-1 Anno decimo fexto Georgii II, c. nl	87

That if the judgment of the freeholders refufmg to admit, or Penalty on ap-ftriking off any perfon from the faid roll fhall be affirmed by cour^of fcfhC the court of fefiion, the perfon fo complaining fhall forfeit toplon affirm tj,e the objeCtor the fum of thirty pounds fterling, with full cofts of freeholders fuit.	order.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That to Mannerofaft-prevent all furprize at the Michaelmas meetings, every freehol- mg to prevent der who intends to claim to be inrolled at any fubfequent Mi- furprize, on chaehnas meeting of the freeholders, fhall, for the fpace of two ckim^^be kalendar months at leaft before the faid Michaelmas meeting, inrolled-leave with the fheriff or fteward’s clerk a copy of his claim, fet-

ting forth the names of his lands, and his titles thereto, and dates thereof, with the old extent or valuation, upon which he defires to be inrolled, and in cafe of his neglecf to leave his claim as aforefaid, he fhall not be inrolled at fuch Michaelmas meeting ; and in like manner, whoever intends to objeCt to any freehol- or on making der who ftands upon the roll, on account of the alteration of objections to his circumftances, fhall, at leaft two kalendar months before the trolled^ ^ Michaelmas meeting, leave his objections in writing with the fheriff or fteward’s clerk as aforefaid, who is hereby required, upon receipt of the aforefaid claim or objections, to indorfe on the back thereof the day he received the fame, and alfo to give a copy of the aforefaid claim or objections to any perfon who fhall demand the fame, upon paying the legal fee of an ordinary extract of the fame length.

VIII.	And whereas great difficulties have occurred in malting up the rolls of electors of commijfioners for Jhires, by perfons claiming to be-inrolled, in refpett of the old extent of their lands,, where the old extent does not appear from proper evidence, and votes have been unduly multiplied by fiplitting and dividing the old extent of lands, ftnce the fifteenth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty

one; for remedy thereof, be it enaCted and declared by the au- Diviflon of thority aforefaid, That no perfon is or fhall be intitied to vote the old extent for a commiffioner to ferve in parliament, for any fhire or fte- °f lands, to wartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or to be in- prohibited, rolled in the roll of electors, in refpeCt of the old extent of his lands, holden of the King or prince, unlefs fuch old extent is proved by a retour of the lands of a date prior to the fixteenth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty one, and that no divifion of the old extent, made fmce the aforefaid fixteenth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty one, or to be made in time coming, by retour or any other way, is or fhall be fuftaiped as fufficient evidence of the old extent.

IX.	Provided always, That lands holden of the King or Provifo. prince, liable in publick burdens for four hundred pounds Scots

of valued rent, fhall in all cafes be a fufficient qualification, whatever be the old extent of the faid lands; any law or practice to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, How a pur-That no purchafer, or fingular fucceffor, fhall be inrolled till chafer fhaliadt

G4	'	he	beforehe is

T	inrolled;

fend their vouchers, and be inrolled tho, abfent.

Every one chofen in his abfence, to ferve in parliament, fhall take the freeholder's oath,

88	Anno	decimo fexto Georgii II, c. i r. [1743.

aKo an heir be publickly infeoft, and his feifin regiftered, or charter of apparent	confirmation be expede where confirmation	is neceflary, one

Perfons may year before the inrolment; and that no heir	apparent fhall be

inroiied, until his predecefTors titles are produced, and allowed by the freeholders, as a fufficient qualification for his voting for a member of parliament; and that any perlon may be inrolled, though abfent at the time of fuch inrolment, provided the titles and vouchers of his qualification are produced, and laid before the freeholders; and if any perfon fhall be chofen a member to ferve in parliament for any (hire or ftewartry within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who fhall not be prefent at the meeting of elebtion; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the member to ferve in parliament fo	elebted, before he

takes his feat in parliament, fhall take the	oath appointed to

be taken by every freeholder, who (hall claim to vote at any election of a member to ferve in parliament, by the abt of the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the better regulating the eleftion of members to ferve in the houfe of commons, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating before he takes the judges of the court of feffion, court of juficiary^ and barons of the his feat. ^ couri of exchequer in Scotland, to be eleftef or to ft or vote as members 7 eo. 2.c,i . ojr	Qj?	common^ before the lord iteward of his Majefty’s

houfhold, or any perfon or perfons authorized by him for that effebt, which he or they are hereby impowered and required to adminifter; and if a member to ferve in parliament, fo elebted, fhall neglebt or refufe to take the aforefaid oath, fuch elebtion fhall be void.	>

XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That at the annual meetings of the freeholders at Michaelmas, the original conftituent members fhall be fuch perfons only as fhall hand upon the roll, that fhall have been laft made up, whether at a Michaelmas meeting, or at a meeting for an elebtion of a member to ferve in parliament, and that a copy figned and extracted of the roll made up by the freeholders at their Michaelmas meetings of

^entered in iye clerks of fuch meetings be forthwith delivered to the fheriff books kept by or he ward’s clerk gratis, and fhall be inferted in books to be kept by the laid fheriff or fteward’s clerk for that purpofe, who . fhall forthwith deliver copies of the fame, extracted and figned, to any freeholder who fhall defire the fame, paying the legal fee for an ordinary extrabt of the fame length, and fhall at every Minute-books fubfequent meeting at Michaelmas, or meeting for any elebtion, to be produced produce the faid books, for the ufe of the freeholders; and in cafe at publick fuch fheriff or fteward’s clerk fhall neglect or refufe to enter the meetings. aforefaid rolls of elebtion, or minutes of proceedings, into books fo to be kept for that purpofe as aforefaid, or fhall neglebt or refufe to give copies thereof, extracted and figned, or fhall omit to produce the books at any fubfequent meeting as aforefaid, he Penalty on	fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds

refuial.	fterling, to be recovered by any freeholder, within fuch fhire or

fte-

On refuting the oath, the eleftion declared void.

Who are to be -original conftituent members.

or meeting for elebtions, together with the minutes pro*-e~dino-sto U1 ^eir proceedings at their faid meetings, fhall, by the refpebt-

Mi nutes of

t he iherift or ft e ward’s clerk.

Hosted by Google

s9

1743.] Anno decimo fexto QeoRGIi II. c. 11.

ftewartry, who (hall fge for the fame, in fitch manner as is hereafter directed; and if the aforefaid principal books, containing the rolls and minutes as aforefaid, fhall not be produced at the Michaelmas meetings, or meetings for election, a copy of the faid roll and minutes, extraded and figned by the fheriff or fte-ward’s clerk, lhaji be fufficient; and if the fheriff or fteward’s Penalty_on clerk fhall give out falfe copies of the faid roll or minutes, ex- qf the traded and figned by him, he ffall for every fuch offence forfeit minute4. the fum of one hundred pounds fterling to the perfon to whom the falfe copy is given, to be recovered by him or his executors, in the manner herein after direded, and (hall be for ever after incapable of holding or enjoying his faid office.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, rou Qf That at every eledion of a commiffioner to ferve in parliament eledors laft for any fhire or ftewartry, within that part of Great Britain called niade up, thall Scotland, the roll of eledors which fhall be laft made up next^elc^Uon65 freeholders, whether at the Michaelmas meeting, or at the laft

eledion of a member to ferve in parliament, fhall be the roll to be called over by the commiffioner laft eleded, or in his abfence by the fheriff or fteward’s clerk, in order to the elecjipn of prefes and clerk, as alfo by the prefes, after he is chofen, for the choice of the member to ferve in parliament, and for the determination of all the queftions that fhall arife in the adjufting the roll, and in the courfe of the eledion, excepting fo far as the faid roll fhall, after the meeting is duly conftituted by the choice of prefes and clerk, be altered by judgment of the majority of the freeholders ftanding on that roll, by leaving out thofe whofe circumftances are altered, and by adding others, who produce proper titles.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Penalty for That at every meeting for an eledion of a commiffioner to ferve taking falfe in parliament, if the commiffioner laft eleded, or in his abfence votes*

the fheriff or fteward’s clerk, fhall, in the choice of prefes or clerk, receive the vote of any perfon that does not ftand upon the faid roll, he fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of three hundred pounds fterling to every candidate for the office of prefes or clerk refpedively, for whom fuch perfon fhall not have given his vote, to be recovered by him or them, his or their exequtors refpedively, in manner herein after direded; or if the commiffioner laft eleded, or in his abfence the fheriff Penalty on re-or (reward’s clerk, fhall, in the choice of prefes or clerk, iiotfuling good call for, or fhall refufe the vote of any perfon whofe name is votes* i}pon the faid roll, he Avail, for every fuch offence, forfeit the like fum of three hundred pounds fterling to the perfon whofe name fhall not be called for, or whofe vote (ball be refufed, to be recovered by him, or his executors, in the manner herein after direded; and if the prefes after he is chofen (hall, in the eledion of the member to ferve in parliament, receive the vote of any perfon who does not ftand upon the roll duly made by the faid meeting, he fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds fterling to every candidate for whom fuch perfon (hall not have given his vote, to be recovered by him, or

his

6

Hosted by

Google

go	Anno decimo fexto GEOitCII II. c*ti. (*743*'

his executors, in the manner herein after directed; or if the prefes after he is chofen (hall, in the election of the member to ferve in parliament, not call for, or (hall refufe the vote of any perfon whofe name is upon the faid roll fo made up, asaforefaid, he (hall, for every fuch offence* forfeit the like fum of two hundred pounds derling to the perfon whofe name (hall not be called for, or whofe vote (hall be refufed, to be recovered by him, or On equality of bis executors, in the manner herein after diredled: and it is votes, in chuf-hereby declared. That in cafe of equality of votes in the choice ing a clerk, 0f prefes or clerk, the commiffioner laft elected, and in his ab-nie°ca^inhaVe^etlce any freeholder prefent who laft reprefented the (hire or vote/"111^ ftewartry in any former parliament; and if no fuch perfon is prefent, the freeholder prefent who prefided laft at any meeting for any election, and in his abfence the freeholder who laft pre-fided at any Michaelmas meeting; and if none of the faid perfons lhall be prefent, the freeholder prefent who ftands firft on the roll, (hall, befides their own votes as freeholders, have the caft-ing and determining vote, and that the prefes chofen, (hall, after his election, in the choice of the commiffioner to ferve in parliament, ^md all other queftions, where the votes are equal, in like manner, befides his own vote as a freeholder, have the carting and determining vote.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the perfons chofen to be prefes and clerk, by the majority of the freeholders prefent, (landing on the faid roll, (hall be

bdn<^dio(en Pre^es elerh of the meeting for fuch eledtion; and it (hall by the majori- not be lawful for any number of freeholders to feparate from the ty of free- majority of the perfons prefent, who ftand upon the faid roll, holders, no and fet up any perfon as prefes or clerk, other than thofe who t^llmllchoofe be chofen by the majority of the freeholders prefent, ftand-another^ 10° *nS on the faid roll, and that it (hall not be lawful for any perfon to a£t as prefes or clerk at any fuch eledtion, unlefs they are chofen by the majority of perfons (landing on the faid roll; and Penalty on fe- every freeholder who fhall fo feparate from the majority of the parating from freeholders on the roll, and fet up any perfon as prefes or clerk, the freehold- 0^er than thofe who (hall be chofen by the majority, as afore-ers*	faid, he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty

pounds fterling, to the candidate who fhall be chofen by the majority of the freeholders from whom fuch feparation was made; to be recovered by him, or his executors, in the manner herein after directed: and if any perfon prefume to acl as prefes penalty on Gr clerk, who is not chofen by the majority of the freeholders clerk^without Pre^ent landing on the faid roll, he lhall, for every fuch offence, any authority, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds fterling to the candidate y	who (hail be chofen by the majority of the freeholders, asafore-

faid, to be recovered by him, or his executors, as herein after direfted.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

'elealon^of^ That the commiffioner laft elected, or in his abfence the fheriff clerk to be	or ftewnrd’s clerk, (hall fign the minutes of the election of prefes

ilgiied, and and clerk, and deliver the fame to the clerk chofen by the majority

Hosted by Google

1743-] Anno decimo fexto-GEORGii II. c.n.	91

jority of the freeholders, as aforefaid; and if the commiffioner delivered to laft elected, or in his abfence the (heriff or Reward’s clerk, (hall negled or refufe to fign the aforefaid minutes of election of prefes and clerk, and deliver the fame to the clerk chofen, as aforefaid, or (hall fign falfe minutes thereof, he (ha 11, for every fuch offence, Penalty on reforfeit the fum of one hundred pounds lterling to the perfon e- ^ Jeded prefes, as aforefaid, to be recovered by him, or his exe- f^^minutef cutors, in the manner hereafter direded.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Clerk to make That the clerk chofen by the majority of the freeholders on the a true return, aforefaid roll, (hall return to the (heriff or fteward fuch perfon

as (hall be eleded by the majority of the freeholders on the roll

made up at the meeting for election, in the manner aforefaid;

and if the clerk chofen, as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negled to	or	^

return the perfon elected by the majority of the freeholders on making a falfe

the roll, made up at the meeting for eledion, or (hall return any one.

perfon other than him who (hall be eleded by the majority of

the freeholders as aforefaid, he (hall, for every fuch offence,

inftead of the penalty or forfeiture to which he is made liable by

the aforefaid ad made in the feventh year of his prefent Majefty,

forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds fterling to the candidate

chofen by the majority of the freeholders on the aforefaid roll;

to be recovered by him, or his executors, in the manner herein

after direded.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, The return That every (heriff or fieward, of any (hire or ftewatry, within to be annexed that part of Great Britain callecd Scotland, upon producing to to the writ, him a copy of the aforefaid roll lad made up by the freeholders at the laft Michaelmas meeting, or at the Jaft eledion of a

member to ferve in parliament, extraded and figned by the (heriff or fteward’s clerk, and upon producing and (hewing to him the original minutes of the eledion of prefes and clerk figned by the commiffioner laft eleded, or in his abfence, by the iheriff or fteward’s clerk, (hall annex to the writ the return made by the clerk chofen by the majority of the freeholders on the aforefaid roll ; and if any fuch (heriff or fteward fhall neg-Led or refufe to annex to the writ fuch return, or if he dial! annex to the writ the return made by any other perfon pretending to be clerk to the eledion ; he fhall for every fuch offence, inftead of the penalty or forfeiture to which he is made liable by Penalty, the aforefaid ad made in the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds fterling, to the perfon returned by the clerk, and chofen by the majority of the freeholders on the aforefaid roll, to be recovered by him or his executors, in the manner hereafter direded.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, When the That every fheriff or fteward of any (hire or ftewartry, within Michaelmas that part of Great Britain Called Scotland, fhall hold the Michael-	beheld

mas head court in all time to come, on the day on which it fhall appear to him to have been moft ufually held in times paft ; and to prevent all uncertainty in time coming, every (heriff or fteward

Hosted by Google

To be intimated in pari ih churches eight days before.

Ufage of the fnire of Sutherland.

Qualification

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. ji. [1743.

ard (hall at leaft fourteen days before Michaelmas next, appoint a precife day for holding his Michaelmas head court, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three ; and lhall caufe intimate the day of holding his court at all the parifh churches within his fold fnire or ftewartry upon a Sunday, at leaf: eight days preceding the next Michaelmas head court : and it is hereby declared, That the days fo to be appointed by the faid fheriff or fteward before Michaelmas next, lhall be the anniverfary for holding the Michaelmas head court of the laid (hire or ftewartry in all time coming.

XIX. And whereas by the conftitution of the fire of Sutherland, * and by conjiant ufage, the fm all barons of the faid fire have beenre-prejented in parliament, not only by the immediate vajfals of the King and prince, but alfo by thefe who held their lands of the earls of Sutherland, or of other fubjeft fuperiors, andftch vajfals holding their lands of fubjeff fuperiors, have been in ufe to vote at the election of the commiffioners for the faid fire 0/ Sutherland, as well as the vaf fals of the King and prince, and that ivithont any ref riff ion as to the Quota of the old extent, or of the valued rent of the lands, in ref peff whereof a right to vote at fuch eleffions, or to he defied commiffi-onerfor the faid fire was claimed, and thereby votes have been unduly multiplied, and feveral per Jons have claimed a vote in refpeff of the fuperiority and property of the fame lands, whereby great confufions are likely to enfue in future elections; for remedy thereof, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of September, which lhall be in the year of our Lord

anddeftoK68 one	feven	hundred	and	forty	five,	no perfon fhall be

capable to be elected commiffioner for the faid (hire, or lhall have right to vote at fuch eledtion, unlefs he be infeoft, and in pofiefiion of lands liable to his Majefty’s fupplies, and other publick burthens, at the rate of two hundred pounds Scots valued rent.

XX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That one perfon, and no more, lhall be infilled to vote at fuch eledtions, or to be elected, in refpedt of the fame lands 5 and that where lands are now holden by any baron, or other freeholder, immediately of the King or prince, fuch baron or freeholder lhall be capable to be elected, and fhall be intitled to vote for thofe lands 5 and no vaffal, or fub-vaflal of the faid baron or freeholder, lhall have right to vote, or to be eledtedin refpedt thereof; and that where lands are now holden, or (hall at any time hereafter be holden of the King or prince, by a peer

thepmpnetors or other perfon, or body politick or corporate, who by law are oiiiy(hallvote.	5 , J	vr	, . r r„ 9	J

dilabled to be a member of the houle cr commons, or to vote

in fuch eledtions ; in fuch cafe the proprietor and owner of fuch lands, and not any of his fuperiors, lhall be intitled to vote, or to be eledted, in refpedt of the fame lands j and that no alienation of the fuperiority to be made by fuch peer, or other perfon, or body politick, incapable to elect or to be eledted, l^all deprive the proprietor and owner of the lands of his right to

vote

Candidates and electors to bold their lands immediately from the King or prince.

Tn what cafes

Hosted by Google

93

make a roll*

1743.] Anno deeimo fexto Georgii II. c.n.

vote in the elections for the faid (hire, or his capacity to be eledted ; nor intitle the purchafer of the faid fuperiority to vote, or to be elected ; and that the property of lands, of the valua- Lands held tion aforefaid, holden in part immediately of the King or prince, Part of the and in part of a peer, or other perfon, or body politick, incapa-	eer

ble to elect, or to be elected, (hall be a fufficient qualification &c# ftan to the proprietor and owner of fuch lands, and ihall entitle lify the owner* fuch proprietor to vote, and to be elected for the faid (hire ; any (° ele<^ or law or ulageto the contrary notwithstanding.	elected

XXL And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That when yree-the freeholders and proprietors, having right to eledt, or to be holders in Su-elected a commiffioner for the (liire of Sutherland, (hall meet at therland (hall the head borough of the faid (hire, at the Michaelmas head court ™eiet anci 1 which Avail be in the year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and forty five, and (hall make up a roll of the electors having right to vote in the choice of a commiffioner, in the terms of this prefent act, and of the other acts of parliament, made touching the election of commiffioners for ihires in Scotland 1 and which roll, fo made up, (hall be reviled yearly at the Michaelmas meetings, at and after eledtions, according to the rules preferibed in this act, and in other acts made for regulating the eledtions of commiffioners for fibres in that part of Great Britain called Scotland : and it is hereby declared, That the faid adts of parliament do extend to the (hire of Sutherland as well as to the other ihires in Scotland, except in fo far as it is otherwife provided by this prefent act.

XXII. And whereas at the eleElion of members to ferve inparliament for the difirith of boroughs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it often happens that more perfons than one claim to be admitted to vote as commiffioners for the, fame borough, which furnijhes pretences to the clerks of the prefding boroughs for partially making fife and undue returns; for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That at the annual eledtion of magiftrates and counfeliors, and in all the proceedings previous to the elec-

tion of the magiftrates and counfeliors for the fucceeding year.

At annual eledtions the minority (hall not feparate

it (hall not be lawful for the minority of any meeting for election, either of magiftrates or counfeliors, or deacons, or other per-from the ma-fons, who by the confiitution of the refpedtive boroughs may i°nty. have votes in the eledtion of magiftrates or counfeliors, to feparate from the majority of thofe having right to adt by the confiitution of the burgh at fuch meetings, upon any pretext whatsoever ; nor to make any feparate eledtion of magiftrates, coun-fellorsor eledtors ; but the minority (hall in all cafes fubmit to the eledtion made by the majority in all the parts of eledtion; and if any perfon eledted by the minority of any fuch meeting. Penalty on Ihall prefume to vote in the eledtion of magiftrates or counfel- offenders, lors, or in leeting the magiftrates or counfeliors, or in any other ftep of the eledtion, he (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds fterling to any one of the majority of fuch meeting, to be recovered by him in the manner hereafter directed.

XXIIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That

Hosted by Google

94

No perfon

Anno decimo feXto GeoRGII II. c.n.'

T1743-

That no perfon eleded to be a magiftrate or counfellor by a mi-

eleded by the nority of thofe having right to vote indentions of the magiftrates minority, dial I *	r	^	n	..	.	.	,	°	,

minority, fnall have a right to aft.

Penalty on afting when lb cholen.

and counfellors, (hall, upon any pretext whatfoever, prefume to adt as magiftrate or counfellor, and if any perfon fhall not-withftanding prefume to ad as magiftrate or counfellor, he fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, to the magiftrates or counfellors eleded by the majority, or to any of them who fhall fue for the fame, to be recovered by him or them in the manner herein after direded. Wrongs done XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and en-

by the majority, may be redrefled by the court of feflion.

aded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any conftitu-ent member at any meeting for eledion of magiftrates or counfellors, or of any meeting previous to that for the eledion of magiftrates and counfellors refpedively, who fhall apprehend any wrong to have been done by the majority of fuch meeting, to apply to the faid court of feflion, by a fummary complaint for redifying fuch abufe, or for making void the whole eledion made by the faid majority, or for declaring and afcertaining the eledion made by the minority, fo as fuch complaint be presented to the faid court of feflion within two calendar months after the annual eledion of the magiftrates and counfellors ; and the faid court fnall thereupon grant a warrant for fummoning the magiftrates and counfellors eleded by the majority, upon thirty days notice, and (hall hear and determine the faid complaint lummarily, without abiding the courfe of any roll, and fhall allow to the party who (hall prevail their full cofts of fuit.

XXV.	And ivhereas the magiftrates and counfellors of the royal boroughs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by virtue of fever al laws now in force, are bound to take andfubfcrib e the oath of allegiance, fubferibe the offer ance, and to take and fign the oath of ab-juration, for and on account of their election into their reffective offices \ and that in his Majefly's courts of feffion, jujliciary or exchequer at Edinburgh, or at the quarter feft ons of the r effective fires and fteivartries, within which the royal boroughs are fituate, which has been found by experience to be attended vfith great trouble and expence to the faid magiftrates and counfellors \ for remedy thereof,

s be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may " be lawful to the faid magiftrates and counfellors to take and fubferibe the oath of allegiance, fubferibe the affurance, and take lors takingthe and fign the oath of abjuration, before the council of their ref-feveral oaths pedive boroughs ; and which oaths the chief magiftrate, or any other magiftrate of the faid boroughs refpedively, is hereby impowered and required to adminifter; and the oaths fo taken, fhall be equal in all refpeds as if they had been taken in the courts, and before the judges direded by the feveral ads of parliament above referred to.

XXVI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That at every eledion of commiflioners for choofing burgefles for any diftrid of boroughs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the common clerk of each borough within the faid diftrid, (hall make out a commiflion to the perfon cholen commiflioner by

the

Manner of th magi It rates and comdel

The clei k to fign the coiii-xnifiioti, and fix the leal of the borough.

Hosted by Google

95

j743.] Anno decimo fexto Georgii II, c« 11.

the major part of the rnagiftrates and town council aflembled for that purpofe j which rnagiftrates and town council (hall take the oath of allegiance, and fign the fame with the affurance, and (hall take all the other oaths appointed to be taken at fuch election, by this or any former act, if required ; and the faid clerk (hall affix the common feal of the borough thereto, and fign fuch commiffion, and (hall not on any pretence whatfoever make out a commiffion for any perfon as commiffioner, other than him who is chofen by the majority as aforefaid ; and if any common clerk of any borough (hall neglect or refufe duly to make out and fign a commiffion to the commiffioner elected by the majority as aforefaid, and affix the feal of the borough thereto ; or if he (hall make out and fign a commiffion to. any other perfon who is not chofen by the majority, or affix the common feal of the borough thereto ; he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds fterling to the perfon elected commiffioner for the faid borough as aforefaid, to be recovered by him or his executors in the manner herein after directed, and (hall alfo fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of fix calendar months, and be for ever after difabled to hold or enjoy the faid office of common clerk of the faid borough, as effectually as if he was naturally dead.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That if any other perfon who is not the common clerk of the any perfon borough, (hall take upon himfelf to act as fuch in any election a<ting as clerk of a commiffioner for choofing a burgefs for any diftrict of bo- out wron'ffil roughs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and (hall commilfions. make out a commiffion for any other perfon as commiffioner,

other than the perfon who was chofen by the majority as aforefaid, and fhall fign or affix the common feal of the borough thereto ; he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds fterling, to the perfon elected commiffioner for the faid borough as aforefaid, to be recovered by him or his executors in the manner herein after directed.

XXVIII.	And ^ivbereas by an aft pajfed in that part of Great

Britain called Scotland, the fifth day c?/February, in the year one thoufiand fieven hundred and fieven, intituled, An act fettling the manner of electing the fixteen peers, and forty five commoners, to reprefent Scotland in the parliament of Great Britain ; it is amongfit other things enafted, That where the votes of the commijfi-oners for the faid boroughs met to choofe reprefent a fivesfrom their feveral diftrifts to the parliament of Great Britain, jhall be equal; in that cafe, the prefident of the ?neeting Jhall have a cafiing or deci-five vote, and that by and attour his vote as a commiffioner from the • borough from ivhich he is fent\ but no provifion is made in cafe of the ab~ fence of the commiffioner from the prefiding borough, or of his refufing to vote at fuch eleftion \ for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if the .commiffioner from the prefiding	^

borough fhall be abfent from the meeting of commiffioners for t^e pref;ding choofing burgeffes to ferve in parliament, or fhall refufe to vote commifligii* at fuch election, the commiffioner from the borough which wasers.

the

Hosted by Google

96

No objection againft non-relidents', Sec,

What votes ffiall be allowed.

Penalty.

Writ and return to be annexed.

Penalty.

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. n. [1743.

the prefiding borough at the laft election; and if he alfo be abfent, or (hall refufe to vote, as aforefaid, the commiflioner from the borough which was the prefiding borough at the election immediately preceding the laft, and in cafe he fhall be likewife abfent, or fhall refufe to vote as aforefaid, the commiflioner from the borough which was the laft prefiding borough but two, fhall have in the aforefaid refpedive cafes, befides his own vote, the cafting or deciflve vote.

XXIX.	And be it further declared by the authority aforefaid. That it is no objection to any commiflioner for choofing a bur-gefs, that he is not a refidenter within the borough bearing all portable charges with his neighbours, or that he is no trafficking merchant therein, or that he is not in pofieflion of any burgage lands or houfes holding of the faid borough, and that fuch qualifications need not be engroffed in his commiflion j any law, cuftom orufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That at all meetings of commiflioners for choofing burgefiesto* ferve in parliament, the common clerk of the prefiding borough fhall allow the votes of fuch perfons only who produce commif-fions authenticated by the fubfeription of the common clerk, and the common feal of the refpedive boroughs within the diftrid, and fhall return to the fheriff or fteward the perfon eleded by the major part of the commiflioners aflembled, whofe commiflions are authenticated as aforefaid ; and if he negled or refufe to return fuch perfons fo elected to the fheriff or fteward, or if he fhall return to the fheriff or fteward any perfon other than him who is fo eleded, he fhall, for every fuch offence, inftead of the penalty or forfeiture to which he is made liable by the aforefaid ad made in the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds fterling, to the candidate eleded by the majority of the commiflioners aflembled whofe commiflions are authenticated as aforefaid ; to be recovered by him or his executors, in the manner herein after direded, and he (hall alfo fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of fix kalendar months, and be for ever after difabled to hold or enjoy his faid office of common clerk of the faid prefiding borough as if he was naturally dead.

XXXI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every fheriff or fteward in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall annex to the writ the return made by the aforefaid clerk of the prefiding borough ; and if any fuch flier iff or fteward negled or refufe to annex to the writ fuch return, or if he fhall annex to the writ any return made by any other perfon, he fhall, for every fuch offence, inftead of the penalty or forfeiture to which lie is made liable by the aforefaid ad made in the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds fterling to the candidate returned by. the aforefaid clerk of the prefiding borough, to be recovered by him or his executors, in the manner herein after direded.

XXXII.	Provided always, That if any perfon to whom no

com-

Hosted by Google

1743*] Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c.ir;	97

commiffion is made out, as aforefaid, fhall infift that he was du~ Provifo, ly eledted the commiffioner from any royal borough, the perfon fo claiming (hall be admitted to the meeting of the commiffioners for choofing burgeffes to ferve in parliament, and may at the faid meeting make offer of taking all the oaths required by law, and declare for whom he would have voted, had he been duly commiffioned, which oaths the clerk of the prefiding borough is hereby required and impowered to adminifter, and the faid clerk fhall alfo fet down in the minutes of proceedings, the de^ claration of fuch perfon as to the candidate for whom he would have voted, had he been duly commiffioned; but the faid clerk fhall upon no pretence whatfoever receive or confider fuch perfon as a legal voter, or fuch declaration as a legal vote, at fuch e-ledtion.

XXXIII.	And whereas doubts have arifen, ivhether the aft of a& 2 Geo. 1. parliament made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, c. 24. intituled, An a61 for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the eledlion of members to ferve in parliament, delegates. extends to the electors of commiffioners for chufmg burgeffes ; be it hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, that the electors of commiffioners for any royal borough, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for choofing burgeffes to parliament, are within the true intent and meaning of the faid a<5i, to be confi-dered as electors of the member to ferve in parliament, and fhall be fo deemed and adjudged to all intents and purpofes whatfo- ' ever, and fhall be liable to all the provifion^, forfeitures, and incapacities, to which perfons voting or claiming to vote for any member to ferve in parliament are made liable by the faid a 61.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore-faid, That at every eledlion of commiffioners for choofing burgeffes for the feveral diftridls of boroughs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and at the eledlion of a burgefs to ferve in parliament for the city of Edinburgh, every magiftrate, town counfellor, or perfon having or claiming to have a right to vote at fuch eledlion, inftead of the oath preferibed to be taken by the faid a61, before he is admitted to vote at the fame eledlion, (hall take the following oath, in cafe the fame (hall be demanded by any one of the eledtors ; and which oath any of the magistrates, or in their abfence any of the town council, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter ;

I A. B. do folemnly fwear, That I have not dire Idly or indirectly, Oath to be by ivay of loan or other device whatfoever, received any fum or taken by the •fums of money, office, place, employment, gratuity, or reward, or ^eieffioo of any bond, bill, or note, or any promife of any fum or fums of money, a bur c-els, &c, office, place ^ employment, or gratuity whatfoever, either by my [elf or any other, to my ufe, or benefit, or advantage, or to the ufe, benefit, or advantage of the city or borough of which lam magiftrate, counfeU lor, or burgefs, in order to give my vote at this election.

So help me God.

Vol. XVIIL	H	XXXV.	And

Hosted by Google

98

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. n.

I1743-

XXXV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That in all elections of commiflioners for chufing burgefles, and before they proceed to election, the common clerk of each borough fhall take and fubfcribe the oath following, which any of the magiftrates, or in their abfence any two of the town council are hereby impowered and required to adminifter :

Oath to be T A. B. do folemnly /wear, 7hat I have rnt directly or indirectly, taken by the jjy WQy jj? joan or 0^er jev{ce whatfoever, received any fum or clerk, before fum °f tnoncy, office, place, employment, gratuity, or reward, or the ele&ion of any bond, bill, or note, or any promtfe of any fum or films of money, commiflioners office, place, employment, or gratuity zvhatfoever, either by, myfelf or to chlife bur- any Gther, to my life, or benefit, or advantage, to make out any com-es‘	mijjion for a commijfioner for chufing a burgefs ; and that 1 will duly

make out a commifiion to the commijfioner who /hall be chofien by the majority ofi the town council ajjembled, and to no other perfon.

So help me God.

And that at all meetings of the commiflioners for chufing burgefles to ferve in parliament, and before they proceed to the election, the clerk of the prefiding borough fhall take and fubfcribe the following oath, which the commiflioner for the prefiding borough, or in his abfence any other of the commif-fioners, is hereby required and impowered to adminifter.

Oath of the clerk of the prefiding borough before election.

I A. B. do fiolemnly fiwear that 1 have not directly or indirectly, by way of loan, or other device whatfoever, received any fum or fiums of money, office, place, employment, gratuity, or reward, or any bond, bill, or note, or any promife of any fum or fums of money, office, place, employment,	gratuity whatfoever,	tnyfelf or	any

other to my life, tfr benefit, <?r advantage, make any return at this election of a member to ferve in parliament ; that I will return to the fherijf or fteward the per Jon elected by the major part of the commijfioners affiembled, whoj'e commijfions are authenticated by the fub-feription of the common clerk, and common jeal ofi the refpeCtive boroughs of this dijlrifl.

So help me God.

Penalty on the

clerk of the XXXVI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-rouh’sneT" faid,	^	c^er^	°f the prefiding borough fhall negledl

ie&r ° or refufe to take the oath aforefaid, fuch clerk fo refufing or neglecting, fhall be incapable to a6l as clerk to the faid meeting ; and it fhall be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, and they are hereby impowered and required to choofe another clerk to the meeting for the election, and who fhall have all the powers and authorities in the faid meeting, and in the returning the member chofen by them, that by law are competent to the clerk of the prefiding borough.

XXXVII, And be it further enafted by the authority afore-

faid.

Hosted by Google

1743«] Anno decimo fexto GeoRGii IX. c. it.	99

faid. That at all the elections of a member to ferve in parliament for any county or ftewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the clerk chofen by the majority of fuch per-fons as ftand upon the faid roll laft made up by the freeholders* whether at the Michaelmas court, or at the laft elefiion of a member to ferve in parliament, (hall immediately after his election take and fubfcribe the following oath, which the prefes of the meeting is hereby required and impowered to adminifter.

I A, B. do folemnly [wear, That I have not direfily or indirefily, oath of the by way of loan or other device whatfoever, received any fum or clerk at elec-Jums of money, office, place, or employment, gratuity or reward,, or .tlon °fmem~ any bond, bill, or note, or any promife of any fum or fums of money, erSs office, place, employment, or gratuity whatfoever, by myfelf, or any other, /<? my ufe, or benefit, advantage, to make any return at the prefent election of a member to ferve in parliament; that 1 will return to the fleer iff or fieward the perfon defied by the majority of the freeholders upon the roll made up at this elefiion, and ivho jhall be prefent arid vote at this meeting.	So help me	God.

XXXVIIL And whereas by the faid afi of parliament made in Repeal of part the fecond year of the reign of his prej'ent Majejly, it is enafied, of the aftF That every /her iff, mayor, bailiff, headborough, or other perfon being 2 Geo. ±.c.^ the returning officer of any tnember to ferve in parliament, jhall im~ asto Scotland. mediately after reading the writ or precept for the elefiion of fuch members, take and fubfcribe the oath contained in the aforefaid afi \ be it enafied by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid act as requires the faid oath to be taken by any returning officer within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be and is hereby repealed.

XXXIX. And be it further enafied by the authority afore- Penalties of faid, That if any perfon (hall prefume wilfully and falfely to perjury, fwear and fubfcribe any of the oaths required to be taken, by this afi, and (hall thereof be lawfully convifled, he (hall incur the pains and punifhments of perjury, and be profecuted for the fame according to the laws and forms in ufe in Scotland\

XL. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Writs of fum* That when any new parliament (hall at any time hereafter be mons for call-fummoned or called, the lord chancellor, lord keeper1, or lords ■ commiffioners of the great feal for the time being, (hall iflue ” a^g Qut im* out the writs for elefiion of members to ferve in parliament for mediately, that part of Great Britain called Scotland, with as much expedition as the fame may be done 5 and that as well upon the calling or fummoning any new parliament, as alfo in cafe of any vacancy during this prefent or any future parliament, the feveral writs (hall be delivered to the (heriffor fteward to whom the execution thereof does belong or appertain, and to no other perfon whatfoever; and that every fuch (heriff or fteward, upon the receipt of the wrik> (hall upon the back thereof endorfe the day he received the fame, and ftvall forthwith upon the receipt of the writ, at leaft within the fpace of four days after the re-

H a	cipijpfc

Hosted by Google

IOO

Penalty on fherifPs delaying the precepts.

When the council (hall be called for letting a day to choofe a commiffioner for electing a burgefs.

Two days to be allowed between the council meeting and the day of election.

Chief magi-ltrate to in-dorfe the day be received the precept.

Manner of recovering penalties.

Limitation of actions.

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. n. [i743.

ceipt thereof, make out a precept to each borough within his jurifdiftion, to el eft a commiffioner for choofing a burgefs to ferve in parliament, and {hall caufe the fame to be delivered to the chief magiftrate of fuch borough reliant in the borough for the time being ; and in cafe fuch fheriffor Reward {hall negleft to endorfe on the back of the writ the day he received the fame, or (hall negleft to make out his precept, and to deliver the fame to the chief magiftrate within the time, and in the manner above direfted, he fhall, for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, to any magiftrate of the borough to which the precept is not timoufty delivered, who ihall fue for the fame, to be recovered in manner herein after direfted.

XLI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch chief magiftrate to whom the precept (hall be delivered in manner above direfted, upon the receipt thereof, fhall upon the back of the precept endorfe the day he received the fame, and (hall within two days after his receipt of the precept call and fummon the council of the borough together, by giving notice perfonally, or leaving notice at the dwelling-place of every counfellor then reftant in that borough, which council Ihall then appoint a peremptory* day for the eleftion of a commiffioner for choofing a burgefs to ferve in parliament.

XLII, Provided always, That two free days fhall intervene betwixt the meeting of the council which appoints the day of eleftion of the faid commiffioner, and the day on which the eleftion of the commiffioner is to be made ; and in cafe fuch chief magiftrate (hall negleft to indorfe the day he received the precept on the back thereof, or to fummon the council within the time and in the manner above direfted, he fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, to any magiftrate or counfellor of the faid borough who (hall fue for the lame, to be recovered in manner herein after direfted.

XLIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every penalty or forfeiture by this aft impofed, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall and may be fued for and recovered by way of fummary complaint, before the court of feffion, upon thirty days notice to the perfon complained of, without abiding thecourfeof any roll; which faid complaint the court of feffion is hereby authorized and reo^ired to determine; as alio to declare the difabilities and incapacities, and to direft the imprifonments, as herein provided.

XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon fhall. be made liable to any incapacity, difability, forfeiture, or penalty, by this aft impofed, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, unlefs profecution be commenced within one year after fuch incapacity, difability, forfeiture, or penalty Ihall be incurred.

CAP.

Hosted by

Google

1743*] Anno declmo fexto Georgii II. c. 12.	10	f

CAP. XIT.

An dCl for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon vidlual-lers and retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the weekly bills of mortality f and for transferring the exchequer bills unfatisfied there-upon^ to the duties for licences to fell fpirituous liquors and Jlrong waters by retail; and alfo for enabling his Majejly to raife a certain fim of money for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, to be further charged on the faid duties for licences.

WHEREAS by an a51 of parliament made and paffed in the Preamble, re-twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George citing the a& the Fir ft of glorious memory (intituled, An a£fc for granting an aid IzGeo*1* C*X2* to his Majefty, by laying a duty upon all victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of London and Weftminfter> and the weekly bills of mortality ; and for prohibiting their fending beer or ale out of their houfes to diftant places, in any pots or veflels lefs than a gallon; and alfo for adding one hundred additional hackney chairs to thofe already licenfed, and for applying certain arrears of former land-taxes, towards the fupply granted to his Majefty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix; and for appropriating the fup-plies granted in this feftion of parliament) it was, amongft other things enacted, That fdom and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty px^ a fum not lefs than one pound, nor more than fix pounds yearly, Jhould be paid to his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, by every victualler and retailer of beer and ale, zuithin the cities ^/London and Weftminfter, or either of them, or within the weekly bills of mortality ; and that no innkeeper, victualler^ or other perfon, within the limits aforefaid, Jhould prefume or offer to fell any beer or ale, ivithout firft compounding for and obtaining a licence from the commijftoners of ex rife for that purp ofe yearly ^ in the manner, and at the times, in the faid aCt directed, under the penalties therein mentioned, with divers provifions and directions in the faid a Cl contained, for the managing, collecting, paying, and applying the faid rates or comp option-money, and penalties refpeClively : and ivhereas the governor and company of the bank of England did advance and lend into the receipt of his Majefty s exchequer for the vfe of the public k, the principal fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, upon the credit of the faid rates and duties to arife by fach licences, and on fuch provipon as is made in the faid a Cl, for making good any deficiency that Jhould happen thereby, at an intereft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum : and ivhereas it hath been found by experience, that the levying and collecting the faid duty hath been attended with many inconveniencies, and doth not anfwer the ends propojed by the faid aCl, infomuch that the fum of four hundred eighty one thoufand and four hundred pounds, part of the faid Jum of Jive hundred thoufand pounds in exchequer bills, made forth' in pur-

H 3	finance

Hosted by Google

10%

The pofc roc to be determined after

June af, 1743

sf9> 1,400!. and 5 1 S,6ool. charged upon licences on fpirituous liquors.

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 12.	[1743;

iitance of the faid aft of^ the twelfth year of his faid late Majefty s reign fill remains unfalls fed \ and the find governor and company of the bank of England have conferred and agreed, that the J'aid fumof four hundred eighty one thoufand four hundred pounds in exchequer bills jioio charged on the faid rates and duties on victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, fin all be transferable to, and charged upon, and made payable by and out of the duties payable to bis Majefly for licences to fell fpirituous liquors and ftrong waters in purjuance of another aft puffed in this prefent feffion of parliament: now we, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being deftrous to eafe your Majefty’s fubjedts, by taking off the faid rates and duties on victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, within the limits aforefaid, and at the fame time to fecure the creditors of the publick from any injury and damage they might fuffer thereby, and having further refolved, in order to raife the fupplies neceffary for the fer-vice of the prefent year, in the leaft burthenfome manner, to give and grant to your Majefty the fum of five hundred and eighteen thoufand lix hundred pounds, to be railed upon the duties arifing by the faid licences to fell fpirituous liquors or ffrong waters in manner herein after mentioned ; do mob humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enadted by the King’s moft ^excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, the faid rates and duties impofed by the faid adl of the twelfth year of his faid late ••Majefty’s reign, upon all victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of London and Wejlminjler, and within the weekly bills of mortality, fhall ceale, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the powers and authorities given or granted by the fame adl, for the levying, fecuring, collecting, compounding or recovering the fame, and all penalties and forfeitures relating thereto, fhall alfo ceafe, determine, and not be put in execution, fave only, and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears, which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid rates and duties on victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, within the limits aforefaid, or to any penalties or forfeitures in refpedl of the faid duties which fhall have arilen, or grown due and payable to his Majefty, or may have been incurred at any time before the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three; any thing herein before contained to the contrary not with (landing.

If. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid principal fum of four hundred and eighty one thoufand four hundred pounds in exchequerbills, remaining unfatisfted and undifcharged as aforefaid, fhall, together with the fum of live hundred and eighteen thoufand fix bundled pounds, by this a61 agreed to be raifed as aforefaid, be charged upon, and payable

2	out

Hosted by Google

1743-1 Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 12.	103

out of the laid duties granted to his Majefty on licences for felling fpirituous liquors and ftrong waters ; and that the faid fum of four hundred and eighty one thoufand four hundred pounds in exchequer bills remaining unfalisfied as aforefaid, together with the intereft thereupon, and charges of circulating the fame, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of ‘June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, (hall be transferred from the faid rates and duties now charged with the fame, and be charged upon, and payable out of, the monies arifen or to arife into the exchequer, from time to time, for the faid duties on licences for felling fpirituous liquors and ftrong waters as a-forefaid, fubjedt to the fame orders, rules, methods, directions, powers, and authorities, relating to or concerning the circulating, paying off, and cancelling the fame exchequer bills, and the payment of the intereft, Premioy and charges thereupon, and for making good any deficiency that may happen on the income of the duties chargeable with the payment thereof (except where any other provifion is in this act contained) and to the like penalties and forfeitures as were prefcribed, enacted, or declared, in or by the faid act of the twelfth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, in relation to the faid exchequer bills.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Claufe of loan That for and towards railing the faid fum of five hundred and at 31. per cent, eighteen thoufand fix hundred pounds, herein before given and granted to his Majefty towards the fupplies of this prefent year, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, to raife the faid fum of five hundred and eighteen thoufand fix hundred pounds, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner hereinafter mentioned; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the faid fum of five hundred and eighteen thoufand fix hundred pounds, upon the credit of the duties upon licences herein before mentioned, and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, intereft after a rate not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum ; fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to ifiue their warrants for that pur-pofe, as faft as fuch loans (hall be wanted for the publick fervice; and moreover, that no money fo to be lent upon the fecurity of this acft (hall be rated or aflefled to any tax or afleflinent what-foever.

IV. And be it further enacied, That all and every perfon and Tallies to be perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this acft as aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer,

H4	'	(hail

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 12.	[1743.

(hall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tally; in or upqn which order (hall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof, not exceeding the faid rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal, in manner herein after mentioned ; Orders regb and all fuch orders for repayment of money fo to be lent, (hall fired and paid be regiftred in courfe, according to the dates refpedtively; and mcoure. that all an(j every perf0n and perfons (hall be paid in courle, according as their orders (hall (land regiftred in the faid regifter books, out of the faid duties on licences, next and immediately after the fum of four hundred and eighty one thoufand four hundred pounds in exchequer bills, charged thereupon in the firft place, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her,,or their executors, adminiftrators, or a Signs, who (hall have his or their order or orders firft entered in the faid books of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the monies to arife by the faid duties on licences, in manner afore-mentioned; and he, (he, or they who fhall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, fhall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo iucceffively and in courfe.; and that the monies to arife by the faid duties on licences, (hall be in the fame order liable to the iatisfacYion of the faid refpedlive perfons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns refpecfively, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife; and fhall not be diverted or divert-ible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and purpofes herein before mentioned ; and that no fee. Penalty for reward, or gratuity, diredtly or indirectly, (hall be demanded or talcing fees, taken of any of his Majefty’s fubje&s for providing or making of any fuch books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearches, in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof, as aforefaid, by any of his Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to and for undue Jofe his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before preference.	another (hall be made, either in point of regiftry or payment,

contrary to the true meaning of this a<ft, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending fhall be liable by adlion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full cofts of fuit, to the party grieved, and fhall be forejudged of his place or office; and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter,' then fuch deputy or clerk only fhall be liable to fuch adtion, debt, da-and full cofts	and	cofts,	and (hall be for ever after incapable of his

iUit*	place or office ; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt fhall not

diredt the faid order of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the tellers make payment upon fuch order, according to each

perfon’s

6

Hosted by Google

1743-1 Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 12.	105

perfon’s due place and order, as before directed ; then he or they

fhall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpeblive deputies and clerks

therein offending, to be liable to fuch a&ion, debt, damages,

and cods, in fuch manner as aforefaid ; all which faid penalties,

forfeitures, damages, and coifs, to be incurred by any the ofli- How to be re-

cers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, fhall andcovered*

may be recovered by ablion of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlmtnjier, wherein

no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or

order of reffraint, fhall be in any wife granted or allowed.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it No undue pre-fhall happen that feveral tallies of loan or orders for payment as ference, where aforefaid, bear date or be brought the fame day to the auditor ^ o^broueht” of the receipt to be regiftred, then it fhall be interpreted no un- the fame day. due preference which of thofe be entred firft, fo as he enters

them all the fame day.

VI.	Provided alfo, That it fhall not be interpreted any undue No undue prepreference, to incur any penalty, in point of payment, if the ference if fub-auditor direCt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers fequent orders do pay fubfequent orders, to perfons that come and demand ^hers not °rC their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that coming to de-did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in mand, if mo-courfe; fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy n^y he referv-precedent orders, which fhall not be otherwife difpofed of, buted *or tiiem“ kept for them, intereft upon loans being to ceafe from the time

the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That all and every perfon Transfers to and perfons to whom any money fhall be due for loans to be be allowed, regiftred by virtue of this abl, after order entred in the book of

regifter as aforefaid, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns by proper words of aftignment, to be indorfed and written upon his order, may aftign or transfer his right, title, intereft: and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regiftry aforefaid for orders (which the officers fhall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) fhall intitle fuch affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and aftigns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and fuch affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quoties; and afterwards it fhall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who hath or have made fuch affignment, to make void, releafe, or difcharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof,

VIII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum, not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of five hundred and eighteen thoufand fix hundred pounds, to be railed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by ifluing exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means, for the publick fervice; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the commiffioners of Treafury may his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, Chenier bibs or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners ;nftead of tak-

of ing loans.

Hosted by Google

io6

All powers, &c. granted by the land tax, relating to Joans or exchequer bills, fhall be applied to this.

The money may be raifed part by fub-tcriptions for bank, annuities.

Annodecimofexto Georgii II. c.12.	[1743.

of the treafury for the time being, fhall judge it more advifeablq to raife the faid fum of five hundred and eighteen thoufand fix hundred pounds, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills inftead of fuch loans as aforefaid; that then they refpecftively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer any number of new exchequer bills for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of five hundred and eighteen thoufand lix hundred pounds, together with fuch loans as aforefaid, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain a£t of parliament for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, are enacted and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purluance of the fame act.

IX.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities contained in the faid laft-mentioned act relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorized to be made by the fame act (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the aids, taxes, or afleflments granted by the fame act) (ball be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made forth in purluance of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-mentioned act, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-enacted in the body of this prefent act.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiftioners of the trea-lury for the time being, fhall judge it more for the advantage of the publick (inftead of railing'the faid fum of five hundred and eighteen thoufand fix hundred pounds by loans or exchequer bills as aforefaid) to take in fubferiptions for the faid fum or any part thereof, in annuities transferable at the bank of England; it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the faid high treafurer or commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, to permit or fufFer any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute and pay to the firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, at or before the refpedlive days and times to be limited and appointed by the faid commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer tor the time being, in that behalf, any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of five hundred and eighteen thoufand fix hundred pounds, for the purchafe of any annuity or annuities, to commence from the feaft day of the nativity of Saint 'John the Baptift, or from any other fubfe--quent feaft day to be lirpited and appointed in like manner;

which

Hosted by Google

1743-] Anno decimo fexto GeoRGH II. c. 12.	i°7

which annuities fhall be a joint-ftock of annuities, and be computed at the rate of three pounds for every one hundred pounds, and in proportion for any greater or lefs fum, and be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the duties on licences herein before mentioned.

XI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby like wife enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the claufes, powers, and Other claufes provifoes, relating to the contributions for fuch annuities, and for making allowances not only to the contributors for prompt tended to3 payment, but alfo to the faid governor and company, or their this, faid cafhier or cafhiers, and accomptant general for receiving, i6Geo.2. c.13. paying, and accounting for fuch contribution-money, and the annuities payable in refpebl thereof; as like wife for transferring the faid annuities without fee or reward, in books to be kept for that purpofe; and for exempting fuch annuities from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever, and for redeeming fuch annuities, or making good any deficiency that may at any time happen in the fund appropriated for payment of fuch annuities; and all and every other the powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, matters, and things contained in one other a6I of this prefent feflion of parliament, for railing one million eight hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, and a lottery in manner therein mentioned, fo far as the fame relate to the annuities transferable at the faid bank of England, authorized by the faid a6t, to be created or fubfcribed for on credit thereof (except fuch claufes as do charge fuch annuities upon the rates and duties appropriated by the fame a6t for payment thereof) (ball be applied and extended to the annuities to be fubfcribed for or purchafed on this adt, as amply, fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the faid annuities had been originally authorized by the before-mentioned act; or as if the faid feveral powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, matters and things had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this prefent acf; any thing in this act before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, A yearly ac^

That yearly and every year during; the continuance of the faid count to be ,	1	J	J	&	r 1	made to the

loans, exchequer bills, or annuities, or any of them ; the com - treafury, of

mifiioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now the money

being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com- forlicenfing

miffioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall or may on the jpirituoas

feaft day of the nativity of Saint John the Bap lift in every year, 1C*U

or within twenty days after, caufe a true and perfect account in

writing to be taken, and attefted by the proper officers, of all

the monies which fhall in the preceding year, have been paid

in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer on account of fucH

licences for felling fuch fpirituous liquors or firong waters, and

how much thereof hath been applied, or will be necefiary to be

applied for or towards the intereft, premium or rate on the faid

feveral loans, exchequer bills, or annuities, amounting in the

whole to one million, or other necefiary charges, in, about, or for

Hosted by Google

Ufe of the furplulles.

jo3	Anno	decimo fexto GeoRGII II. c. 12.	[1743.'

circulating or exchanging the faid exchequer bills; and in cafe it fnall appear that on any fuch feaft day there fhall be or remain in the faid exchequer, any furplus arifen from the faid duties over and beyond what ,will fatisfy fuch intereft, premium or rate and charges to that time, fuch furpluffes fhall be and are hereby appropriated, and fhall be from time to time forthwith iffued and applied, as far as the fame will extend, for or towards the paying off in the firft place the principal fums contained in fuch exchequer bills, amounting to four hundred and eighty one tHoufand four hundred pounds, remaining unfatisfied as aforefaid, and cancelling and difcharging the fame in a numerical courfe, until all the faid bills fhall be difcharged ; and that from and after fuch time as the faid principal fum of four hundred and eighty one thoufand four hundred pounds fhall be paid off, or money fuf-ficient referved in the exchequer for difcharging the fame, together with the intereft and other charges thereupon; fuch fur-plus as fhall then after from time to time yearly arife by the faid duties, fhall be ftated, iffued and applied in fuch and the like manner for difcharging in the next place the remaining five hundred and eighteen thoufand fix hundred pounds in fuch loans, exchequer bills, or annuities as aforefaid, together with the intereft thereupon, and charges of circulating the faid exchequer bills, fubjed neverthelefs to fuch redemption by parliament as is or fhall be enaded by any future ad or ads of par-men t in that behalf.

Monies iffued XIII. And he it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, out of the That in cafe it fhall appear that on fuch feaft day the money a-Sinking fund, rjfen into the exchequer in the preceding year, fhall be fo low or deficient that the fame fhall not be lufficient to difcharge all intereft, premium, rate and charges to that time on the faid loans, exchequer bills, or annuities; fuch deficiency fhall, from time to time, be made good out of the firft fupply to be granted in parliament, next after fuch deficiency fhall appear; and in cafe no fuch fupply fhall be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiency fhall happen, then the fame (hall be made good out of any monies which at anytime or times fhall be or remain in the faid receipt of the exchequer of the furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus-monies, commonly called the Sinking fund, (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be from time to time iffued and applied accordingly.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority out^of	af°refa^5 That whatfoever monies fhall be iffued out of the

fuppiies. faid furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus-monies, commonly called the Sinking fund, fhall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firft fuppiies to be then after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAR

Hosted by Google

I743*] Anno decimo fextoGEoRGIl II. c. 13. CAP. XIII.

An aEl for raifing by annuities and a lottery in manner therein mentioned, the fum of one million eight hundred thou-fandpounds, at three pounds per centum per annum, for the fervice of fhe year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being defirous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majefty, in the eafteft manner we are able, for the benefit of your fubjedts, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this adt do give and grant unto your Majefty, the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed in fuch manner and form as herein after diredted, and to that end do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted, and be it enadied by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the annuities which by this adl (hall be granted and made payable'in refpedi of the faid principal fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, until redemption thereof by parliament in manner herein after mentioned, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the monies which (hall from time to time a-rife, and be remaining in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of the rates and duties on low wines, fpirits, and ftrong waters granted to his Majefty, by one other a61 of this prefent feffton of parliament, and the faid rates and duties aforefaid are hereby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly, and for or towards raifing the faid fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, for the purpofes aforefaid; it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay unto the ftrft or chief calhier or calhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, at or before the refpecftive days and times by this adl limited in that behalf, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one million, in part of the faid whole fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, for the abfolute purchafe of any certain annuity or annuities, to commence from the refpedlive days, on or before which the fe-verai payments of the contributors for the purchafe of the faid annuities as are herein after diredled and limited to be paid, and to be paid and payable to fuch contributor or contributors, or fuch as he, (lie, or they (hall nominate his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns refpedlively, in manner

109

1,800,000b

granted to his Majefty,

placed on the duties on (pint uous liquors.

Three per cent, annuities to be purchased by all per-fonSjnatives or foreigners, to be paid into the bank.

Hosted by Google

I to

Anno decimo fexto GeoRgii IL c. 13.	[I743,

ner herein after mentioned* fo as fuch cafhier or cafliiers do firft Ca Oio give feeurity, to the good liking of any three or more of the give feeurity. commiffioners of the treafury now being, or of the high treafurer, or comraiftioners of the treafury for the time being, for dulyan-fwering and paying into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer for the puhhck ufe, the monies fo to be advanced and contributed, and to account duly for the fame, which annuities before-mentioned lhall be computed at the rate of three pounds Annuities to per annum for every one hundred pounds, and proportionably for be3I. percent. any greater or lels fum fo to be advanced and paid; and the purchafe-money for every fuch annuity at the rate aforefaid, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the laid cafhier or cafliiers, as aforefaid, at or before the refpedtive days or times herein af-When the ter limited; that is to fay, one fourth part thereof on or before purchafe-mo- the eleventh day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and forty tiesi°rabnUi’ t^ree’one other fourth part thereof on or before the fifteenth day of paid1St° e	7uh then next enfuing, one other fourth part thereof on or be-

fore the twenty feventh day of October then next enfuing, and the remaining one fourth part thereof on or before the twentieth When the an- day of December then next following; all which annuities fo to nuities are to be purchaled, fhall be paid and payable at two of the moft ufual be paid. feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay. The feafts of the birth of our Lord Chrift, and the nativity of Saint John the Baptijl^ or within fix days after every of the faid feaft days, the firft payment thereof to be computed and paid at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on each proportional fum advanced and paid by fuch contributors, for the purchafe of any part of the faid annuities, from the refpe&ive days on or before which fuch payments are herein before limited and directed to be paid unto the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, or within fix days after the faid feaft day; neverthe*-lefs, the faid annuities fhajl be redeemable according to the purport and true meaning of a provifo or condition, herein after con-Ca(hiei-s to tained in that behalf, and not otherwife; and the faid cafhier or for ^ h e o n ey cafo^ers °f the faid governor and company for the time being, paid them, ’ is or are hereby authorized and required, upon the advancing and paying to him or them any fuch fum or l'ums of money as aforefaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing figned by him-felf or themfelves, for each payment, to the contributor or payer thereof (which receipts fhall be aftignable by indorfement thereon made at any time before the twentieth day of December*, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, and no longer) and from time to time to pay into the receipt of his Majefty’s exche-and to pay the quer all the monies which he or they fhall receive of or for money into the faid fum not exceeding one million, as faft as he or they the exchequer. pnap receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days (MhLr's al- afterwards at the fartheft; and to account for all the monies fo hmance on to be advanced and paid to him or them in his Majefty’s court accounting at of Exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof; in which ac-thtexchequer, count the Lid cafhier or cafliiers (hall have juft allowance of %\\

mo-

Hosted by Google

1743-] Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 13.	in

monies which he or they (hall have allowed or paid for premiums or rewards, purfuant to this a<5t.

II.	And it is hereby enabled, That in the office of the Books to be accomptant general of the governor and company of the

bank of England for the time being, there (hall be provided and n *

kept a book or books, in which there fhall be fairly entered the

names of all who fhall be contributors for fuch annuities,'after

the rate of three pounds per centum per annum as aforefaid, and

of all perfons by whofe hands the faid contributors fhall pay in

any of the faid fums upon this acft, and alfo the fums fo paid;

to which book or books it (hall be lawful for the faid refpedtive to be kept for

contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and af- publick pe-

figns, from time to time, at all feafonable times, to have refort, rufal.

and to infpedf the fame, without any fee or charge; and the faid A copy

accountant general for the time being, fhall, on or before the the books to

twenty fourth day of "June, one thoufand feven hundred and be tranfmitted

forty four, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, ^to the ex“

of the faid book or books, into the office of the auditor of the c ec*uer*

receipt of his Majefty’s Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

III.	And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, Contributors That all and every contributor and contributors upon this acft, to have annul-duly paying the whole confideration or purchafe-money at the tics fubjeft to rate aforefaid, at or before the refpedlive days or times in this redemption, ad before limited in that behalf, for fuch annuity or annuities

as aforefaid, or fuch as he, fhe, or they fhall appoint his, her, or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and af-figns, fhall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this ad to have, receive, and enjoy the refpedive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed out of the monies by this adt appropriated or appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid; and fhall have good and fure eftates and interefls therein for ever, fubjedt only to the provifo or condition of redemption in this adt afterwards contained, concerning the fame; and that all the fe- Annuities free veral and refpedhve annuities, payable in purluance of this adl, from taxes, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and all and every the principal fums for which the fame are to be payable, fhall be free from all taxes, charges and impofitions whatfoever.

IV.	And it is hereby provided and enadled by the authority Two per cent, aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perfons who fhall become allowed for interefted in, or intitled to any annuity or annuities, part of the prompt pay-faid fum of one million to be fubferibed for, in purfuanceof this ment«

adf, fhall, upon compleating the payments of the whole purchafe-money, payable in refpedt thereof, be allowed and paid by way of rebate, a premium or allowance after the rate of two pounds per centum, on the refpedlive fums they fhall become in-terefted in, or intitled unto as aforefaid.

V.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor as afore- if only one of faid, who fhall, on or before the faid eleventh day of April, one the four pay-thoufand feven hundred and forty three, have advanced to the mentsbe faid cafhier or cafhiers, one fourth part of his, her, or their purchafe-money, and his., her, or theij executors, adminiftrators,

fuc-

Hosted by Google

H2	Annodecimo fexto GeorgiiIL 0*13.	[1743.

fucceffors, or affigns, do not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers one other fourth part of his, her, or their confidera-tion-money* fo to be paid for fuch refpective annuity or annuities as aforefaid, on or before the fifteenth day of July, then next enfuing; and another fourth part thereof on or before the twenty feventh day of October then next enfuing; and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the twentieth day of December then next following; then, and in every fuch cafe refpectively, fo much of the confideration-money as (hall have been actually paid in part thereof only to the faid cafhier or cafhiers for fuch refpective annuity, fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick ; and no premium at the rate aforefaid fhall be payable for the faid firft payment; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Inftead of an- VI. And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain min]es, the fum not t0 exceed in the whole, the faid fum of one million for be raifed^by P^blick fervice; be it further enacted by the authority afore-exchequer faid. That in cafe the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, bills, at the or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, difcretion of or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for fionereof the ^ie t^me being, fhall jU(%e lt more advifeable to raife the fum treafury. of one million or any part thereof by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch annuities as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe, he or they are refpectively hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared or made at the exchequer, any number of exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one millon, in the fame or like manner, form and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain act of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An a A for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, are enacted or preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the fame act.

Part of the	VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

lalt at relat- That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, ing to exche- advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and dilabilities, contained in quer hills, ap. the faid iaft mentioned act relating to the exchequer bills, au-plied to this. tb0rized to be made by the fame act (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the aids, taxes, or afleflments granted by the fame act) (hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this act, as. fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft mentioned aft, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this prefent act.

, f , VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all exchequer1111 *he exchequer bills which (ball be made in purfuance of this act, bills to be and the intereft, premium, rate and charges incident to or at-charged,	tending

Hosted by Google

1743-1	Anno declmo fextb Geo&gii II. 0. tj*.	*

tending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeabfe upon, and fhall be repaid, and borne by and out of the rates and duties on low wines, fpirits and ftrong waters cifdre mentioned; which faid rates and duties are hereby appropriated accordingly, for and towards paying off and difcharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate or charges thereupon, until redemption thereof by parliament, in like manner as is herein directed, concerning the annuities authorized to be purchafed upon credit thereof, in cafe the faid whole fum of one million had been advanced and contributed for the purchafe of fuch annuities;	,

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacfted by the autho-

rity aforefaid. That in cafe the commifiioners of his Majefty’s jarge tjmg treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high of paying the treafurer, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the trea- purchafe mo-fury for the time being, (hall find it neceffary for the publick neT fervice, to allow further time for any of the days of payment by this a<ft before limited and appointed for the contributors to pay in their contribution-money to the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the bank oi England, for the purchafe of the annuities amounting to the principal fum of one million as aforefaid ; then and in every fuch cafe, it (Tall and may be lawful to and for the faid commif-fioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflloners of the treafury for the time being, by notice to be: published in the London Gazette, fourteen days before any of the refpedlive times of payment by this a6t limited in that behalf as aforefaid, to alter fuch day or days of payment accordingly, and to appoint fuch further days or times for the faid contributors, to pay in their purchafe-money for the faid annuities, as to them (hall feem mod proper and fitting; any thing in this act before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And whereas.it is intended that a further fum not exceeding eight hundred thoufand pounds, /hall be ratfed by way of a lottery for the purchafe of annuities after the fame rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in manner hereafter mentioned, and be charged upon the fame rates and duties on low wines, fpirits and Jlro77g waters ; which faid fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds together with the* fum of one million, before by this aft directed to be charged thereupon, will compleat the faidfum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, intended by this aSf to be raifed upon the credit of the faid rates and

duties; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That 800,6061. from and after the feaft day of the nativity of Saint John the Bap- nuitfeYcharg-till, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven ed on the hundred and forty four, the annuities which (hall become due duties laid on and payable to the contributors to the lottery, herein after men- fpintuous ii-tioned, fhall be charged upon, and payable out of the monies c*uors* which (hall arife and be paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer, of or for the faid rates and duties on low wines, fpirits and ftrong waters, and the fame are hereby declared and ena&ed to be a fund and fecurity, not only for anfwering and paying the annuities to grow due in refpedl of the faid principal fum of one Vor** XVIII,	I	million.

Hosted by Google

114	Anno	decimo fexto GeoRGH II. C. 13* f 1743 •

million by this a<5l before dire&ed to be advanced and lent upon the credit of the faid rates and duties, but alfo all and every the annuities which fhall become due and payable to the contribu-_	,	tors to the lottery herein after mentioned, their executors, ad-

nuitfes to be tniniftrators and afligns, in manner hereafter in this a6l expreff-paid half- ed, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the yearly.	provifo	herein	after	contained in that behalf; and that the faid

annuities at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in re-fpe<5t of the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, fhall from time to time be paid half yearly, at the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift, and the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, by even and equal portions the firft payment thereof to be due and payable at the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

Tickets to be iol. each. Commiflioners of the treafury to appoint managers. Manner of the lottery books. Commiflioners of the treafury to appoint receivers. Receivers to cut the tickets out, and deliver them to the contributors. Tickets undifpofed of, to be delivered into the exchequer. Other books fo be prepared in two columns. The fortunate tickets to be written upon, viz. upon two io,oool. Four 5000]. Two 3000I. Five 2000 1. Fifteen ioool. Twenty five 500I. Two hundred and forty nine iool. Four hundred and fixty nine 501. Eight thoufand fix hundred and nineteen 201. Which fums, together with 5001. to the firfl drawn ticket, and ioool. to the laft drawn ticket, will amount to 305,7301 which being added to 494,270b on the remaining feventy thoufand fix hundred and ten blank tickets, at 7I. each, do amount together to 800,0001. Management of the tickets to be done publickly. Manner of drawing the lottery. Tickets to be filed as they are drawn, together with the blank or prize drawn againft it. A lift of the prizes to be printed. Penalty on counterfeiting tickets or certificates. Purchafer not paying his whole contribution-money by the time fixed, fhall lofe what he has paid. Tickets undifpofed of, fhall be delivered back into the exchequer. Guardians of infants may place their money in the lottery. Tickets to be exchanged for certificates after the lottery is drawn. Exp.

Timely notice XXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That fuch of the faid ma-to be adver- nagers as any three or more of the commiflioners of the trea-tifed, when fury, or the high treafurer for the time being, fhall appoint to takenrin ^ncT ta^e *n t^le	tickets, and deliver out the faid certificates for

certificates	and *n beu thereof, fhall give timely notice by advertifement, to

delivered.	be printed and publiflied in manner as they fhall think fit, of

the days and times for taking in the faid tickets, and delivering out the faid certificates, for and in lieu of the fame; and every perfon’s certificate fhall be numbered in courfe, according to Names of er tiieir bringing their tickets to the faid officer or officers fo to be p appointed for exchanging the fame ; to which purpofe fuch officer or officers fhall enter or caufe to be entered into a book or books, to be by him or them kept for that purpofe, the name of every perfon who brings any ticket or tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificate or certificates, and the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets which fhall be fo brought by fuch perfon or perfons, the value in principal money payable thereupon, the annuity attending the fame, and the day of the month, and the year of our Lord, when the fame was fo t	brought;

fonsexebang jng tickets.

Value of the prizes, and the annuities attending the

Hosted by Google

T743'] Anno aecimo fexto Georgii II. c. 13.	115

brought; which book and books (hall lie open in the office to fame, See. to be appointed for taking in the laid tickets to be exchanged ^or^Q0^ltie^ m * fuch certificates, for all perfons concerned to perufe; all which certificates fhall^be figned by the officer or officers fo to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be direfted to the ac-comptant general of the bank of England ior the time being.

XXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aford-faid, That the faid accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, to whom the faid certificates are to be directed as aforefaid, (hall, upon receiving and taking in the faid certificates, or any of them, give credit to the perfons named therein in the fame book or books, with the contributors for the purchafe of the annuities, not exceeding one million herein before directed to be inferted in a book or books, or in any o-ther book or books to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe, for the principal fums contained in every fuch certificate ; and the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums (hall # 4 be entred in the faid book or books, his, her or their executors Annuities and adminiftrators, hall and may have power to affign and ^rab^T*1 * transfer the fame, or any part, (hare or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept by the faid accomptant general for that purpofe; and fhe principal fums fo affigned or transferred, (hall carry the faid annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and (hall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferable by this aft, according to the powers and authorities herein after mentioned, until the redemption thereof as aforefaid ; and the faid accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, is hereby authorized and direfted to cancel and file the certificates as they (hall from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the perfons bringing in the fame, a note under his hand, teftifying the principal money for which they have credit in the faid book or books, by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in and cancelled as aforefaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

XXVIII. And for the more eafy and fure payment of the Several and refpeftive annuities, amounting in the whole to one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, by this aft authorized Annuities to to be purchafed as aforefaid ; it is hereby further enafted by the be paid at th* •authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the bank, bank of England, and their fucceflors, (hall from time to time, until the faid Several and refpeftive annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum (hall be redeemed according to this aft, appoint and employ one Sufficient perfon within their office in the city of London to be their chief or firft cafhier or cafhiers, and one other Sufficient perfon within the fame office to be their accomptant general, and that fo much of the monies from time to time arifing in the receipt of the exche- Money to be quer, of the rates and duties on low wines, Spirits and firong waters, by* this aft appropriated for this purpofe, as Shall be exchequer ° Sufficient from time to time to anlvver the laid Several and re-.

I 2	*	fpeftive

n6	Anno	deeimo fexto Georgii II. c. 13^	[I743*

fpedive annuities and other payments by this ad directed to be paid or djicharged out of the fame, fhall by order of the com-miffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors for the time being, without any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf, from time to time at the refpec-tive half-yearly feaft days, or days of payment in this ad before appointed for payment thereof, be iffued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer to the faid firft or chief calhier or cafhiers of the laid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon ac-compt, for the payment of the faid feveral and refpedive annuities to be purchafed upon this ad, at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form as are by this ad prefcribed in that behalf; and that all and every fuch cafhier or cafhiers to whom the Cafaiers to faid monies (hall from time to time be iffued, fhall from time account back to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, into the ex- and render his account thereof according to the due courfe of chequer. the exchequer ; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXIX.	And it is hereby alfo enaded, That the faid accompt-ant general for the time being, (hall from time to time infped and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay; and that all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who fhall be intitled to any of the faid feveral and refpedive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hall be poffeffed thereof as of a perfonal eftate, and the fame fhall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, orotherwife, by any law, ftatuteor cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies to be advanced or contributed, or to which any perfon or perfons fhall become intitled upon this ad, for or towards the faid fum not exceeding one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, (hall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one capital or joint (lock, on which the faid feveral and refpedive annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum fhall be attending; and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion, to the money by him, her or them advanced, or to which they (hall become in-titled as aforefaid upon this ad, fhall have, and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (bare in the faid ftock, and in the annuity attending the fame at the rate aforefaid ; and that

which is made the faid whole capital or joint ftock, or any (hare or intereft there-transferra e. ^ ancj t|ie pr0p0rtional annuity attending the fame, fhall be affignable and transferable as this ad direds, and not other-The accomp. w;pe. an(j that there (hall conftantly be kept at all feafonable to^trans- times in the office of the faid accomptant general for the time fer-books.	being,

Annuities to be deemed perfonal eftate.

Annuities a-mounting to 1,800,000 1. to be deemed one capital flock 1

Hosted by Google

1743*] Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 13.	117

being, within the city of London, a book or books wherein all alignments or transfers of the faid whole capital or joint flock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame at the rate aforefaid, fhall be entred and regiftred; which entries fhall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and fhall be figned by the parties making fuch alignments or transfers ; or if fuch parties be abfent, by his, her or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneffes, and that the perfon or perfons to whom fuch transfer fhall be made, do underwrite his, her or their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning or transferring the faid flock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good or available in law.

XXXI.	Provided always, That any perfon or perfons poffelT- Annuities

ed of fuch flock, with the annuity or annuities attending the	de°

fame, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by V1 e 1 will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles; but

that fuch devifee fhall receive no payment thereupon, till fo much but fhall be of the faid will as relates to the faid flock or annuity be entred in e^e£eci *n the faid office; and in default of fuch transfer or devife, the faid 0 ce’ flock and annuities attending the fame, fhall go to the executors pradminiftrators; and that no ftamp duties whatfoever fhall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of them ; any other law or out ftampS. ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the au- Bank of Eng-thority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the land to con-bank of England, and their fucceffors (notwithftanding the re- p^tion^M demption of all or any their own funds, in purfuance of the [hefe an_ ads for eftablilhing the fame, or any of them) fhall continue a nuities are recorporation, with all the powers, privileges and advantages deemed, thereunto belonging, for the purpofes in this ad exprefled, till

all the annuities to be purchafed on this ad fhall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf; and that the faid governor and company, or any members thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this ad.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority afore-

faid, That no fee or gratuity whatfoever fhall be demanded or ^ei^es 0 e taken of any of his Majefty’s fubjeds for receiving or paying the faid contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or other receipts concerning the fame, or for ifliiing the monies for paying the faid feveral annuities, or any of them ; and that no fee or gratuity lhall be demanded or taken for any transfer of any Penalty, on fum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this ad, upon taun& *ees-pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity, contrary to this ad, lhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft-winder.

I 3	XXXIV, Pro-

Hosted by Google

1x3

Commiflicm-ers of the treafury to appoint the Salaries for the feveral officers.

Manner of paying deficiencies. ;

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 13.	[1743.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall have power, and they are hereby authorized to fettle and appoint fuch allowances (out of the contributions to the lottery herein before mentioned) as they fhall think juft and reafonable for the fervice, pains and labour of the receiver or receivers of the contributions to the faid lottery, for receiving and accompting for the fame ; as alfo for the fervice, pains and labour of the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of Englaiid, for receiving and accounting for the contributions to the annuities granted by this acft; and alfo fuch further allowances out of the rates and duties on low wines, fpirits and ftrong waters, appropriated by this a6l, as they fhall think juft and reafonable for receiving, paying and accompting for the feveral and refpedtive annuities payable in refpedt thereof ; and alfo for the fervice, pains and trouble of the accomptant general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him by this a6t; all which allow- . ances hereby impowered to be made as aforefaid, in refpedl of the fervice, pains and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit, of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only ; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXV.	And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if at any time or times the produce of the faid rates and duties on low wines, fpirits and ftrong waters, fhall happen to be fo low or deficient as that the monies arifing thereby into the exchequer fhall not be fufficient to pay and difcharge the feveral and refpetftive annuities, and other charges by this act directed to be paid thereout, at the end of either of the refpecftive half-yearly days of payment, at which the fame are hereby directed to be paid; then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies fhall and may be fupplied out of the overplus monies that fhall or may happen to arife and be paid into the exchequer, in any of the fubfequent half years, as the faid refpediive annuities fhall from time to time become due and payable; and in cafe fuch overplus monies fhall not be fufficient to fatisfy the deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then and in every fuch cafe, the deficiencies fo from time to time happening, fhall from time to time be an-fwered and made good by and out of the firft fupplies which fhall be granted in parliament next after fuch deficiencies fhall appear ; and in cafe no fuch fupplies fhall be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiencies fhall happen, then the fame fhall be made good out of any of the monies which at any time pr times fhall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of £he furplulTes, excefies or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of the fame finking fund, as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former

Hosted by Google

1743*] Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 13.	119

ad or ads of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the laid finking fund (hall and may be from time to time iflued and applied accordingly,

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- Sinking fund rity aforefaid, That whatever monies (hail be fo iflued out 0^u0rbtge^J the faid finking fund, fhall from time to time be replaced by

and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho-

rity aforefaid, That in cafe there (hall be any furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the faid rates or duties, after Surpluses to the faid feveral and refpedive annuities, and all arrears thereof	°*

are fatisfied, or money fufticient fhall be referved for that pur- ment. pofe; fuch furplus or remainder fhall from time to time be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and fhall not be iflued

but by authority of parliament, and as (hall be direded by future ad or ads of parliament; any thing in any former or other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded by the Provifo of reauthority aforefaid, That at any time upon one year’s notice to demption. be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of parliament, at any of the half-yearly feaft days for payment of the faid refpedive annuities,

or either of them, and upon repayment by parliament of the refpedive principal fums for which the faid refpedive annuities, or either of them, fhall be payable to fuch refpedive perfons or corporations as fhall be intitled to the fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities ; then, and not till then, the faid refpedive annuities fhall ceafe and determine, and be underflood to be redeemed, and from and after fuch redemption, the monies arifing from the faid rates or duties fhall not be iflued or applied to any other ufe or purpofe, but as fhall be direded by future ad or ads of parliament; any filing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding; and that any vote or refolution of the Notice of re~ houfe of commons fignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be in- demption. ferted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be fuf-bcient notice within the words and meaning of this ad.

XXXIX.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time or times be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any matter or thing in this

ad contained, fuch perfon or perfons fliall and may plead the ge- General ifTue.] neral iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become TreWc cofts* nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

I4

No

Hosted by Google

lirio	Anno	decimo fexto GeoRGii II. c. 14,	[1*743:

No dividing or letting out tickets but for the whole time. Office-keepers publishing ichemes for gaming with tickets not in their poffeflion, to forfeit 5001. Exp.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment < of the army and their quarters. Exp.

Ponvifts not tranfporting

CAP. XV.

An aCl for the more eafy and effectual conviction of offenders found at large within the kingdom <?/Great Britain, after they have been ordered for tranfportation.

WHEREAS many felons and other offenders already ordered, or hereafter to be ordered for tranfportation, or who have upon certain conditions agreed to tranfport themfelves, either for life, or for fome term or nutiiber of years, according to law, have already or hereafter may come on Jhore, or return into Great Britain, before they have keen actually tranfported or tranfported themfelves to America, or have already, or may hereafter break gaol or efcape before fuch tranfportation : and whereas many of the offenders aforefaid have efcaped by reafon of the great expence that is neceffary for profecuting fuch offenders to conviction \ for remedy whereof may it pleafe your mod excellent Majedy that it maybe enaCted, and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any felon or other offender already ordered, _ or hereafter to be ordered for tranfportation, or who hath al-themfelves^or reacjy or hereafter fhall agree to tranfport him or herfelf on cer-fore their " ta^n conditions, to any of his Majedy’s colonies and plantations time, to differ in America, either for life, or any number of years, fhall be death.	afterwards at large within any part of the kingdom of Great Bri-

tain, without fome lawful caufe, before the expiration of the term for which he or die were fo ordered to be tranfported, or had fo agreed to tranfport him or herfelf, all and every fuch per-fon or perlons being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Manner of	IE And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That

trying con-	every fuch offender or offenders (hall be tried for any of the of-

viftsreturned fences aforefaid, before fuch judges, and in fuch manner, an4 from tranf- the fame evidence made ufe of, for his or her conviction, as is di-^Geo^i^ 23 re<^ed in and by the datute made in the dxth year of the reign 3* of his late majedy King George the Fird, intituled, An aCtfor the further preventing robbery and burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effectual tranfportation of felons, in cafes of felons returning from tranfportation.

III.	And for the encouragement of fuch as fhall profecute to conviction any of the-offenders aforefaid ; be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That whoever fhall difcover, apprehend, and profecute to conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any fuch offender or offenders fo found at large within

the

Reward on conviftion of offenders.

Hosted by Google

1743*] Anno declmo fexto Georgii II. c. 16,-—18.	121

the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall be intitled to a reward of the (am of twenty pounds, for every fuch offender fo convided as aforefaid, and (hall have the like certificate and like payments made without fee or reward, as any perfon or perfons may be intitled unto for the apprehending, profecuting, and conviding of highwaymen, by any law or laws for that purpofe.

CAP. XVI.

An a& for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the more effeftual repairing the roads leading from Wadt’s mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Roylfon in the faidcounty.

'The aft 6 Geo. 2. c. 24. continuedfor z\ years,

CAP. XVII.

An aft for the relief of infolvent debtors. Exp.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft to empower jujiices of the peace to aft in certain cafes relating to parijhes and places, to the rates and taxes of which they are rated or chargeable.

WHEREAS doubts have arifen whether, according to the

laws and Jlatutes now in force, his Majefty s juflices of the Great ^harte peace may lawfully aft in any cafe relating to the parijhes or places to et Kenning-the rates and taxes of which fuch jujiices refpeftively are rated or ton M. chargeable: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded, i6Geo.2.B.R. and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to juftices may and for all and every juftice or juftices of the peace for any enforce the county, riding, city, liberty, franchife, borough, or town- laws relating corporate within their refpe<diye jurifdidions, to make, do, and ^axeT&c execute all and every ad or ads, matter or matters, thing or th0' they are things appertaining to their office as juftice or juftices of the chargeable peace, fo far as the fame relates to the laws for the relief, main- themielves tenance, and fettlement of poor perfons ; for paffing and punifhing vagrants; for repair of the highways ; or to any other laws concerning parochial taxes, levies, or rates; notwith-ftanding any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace is or are rated to or chargeable with the taxes, levies, or rates within any fuch parifh, townfhip, or place affeded by any fuch ad or ads of fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That No of no ad or ads, matter or matters, thing or things, which hath jutlices here-or have been before the making this ad done, made, or exe- tofore done, cuted, by any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, fhall hereafter ^all be mads be quafhed or declared void, becaufe the fame hath or have themfelwTare been fo made, done, or executed by any fuch juftice or juftices, fo ratecj, rated or chargeable as aforefaid, any law, ufage, or cuftom what-foever to the contrary notwithftanding,

III.	PrO-

Hosted by Google

122

Provifo*

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 19,-24: [1743.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That this acft, or any thing therein contained, fhall not authorize or impower any juftice or juftices of the peace for any county or riding at large, to act in the determination of any appeal to the quarter feflions for any fuch county or riding, from any order, matter, or thing relating to any fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, where fuch juftice or juftices of the peace is or are fo charged, taxed, or chargeable as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafled in the tenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for repairing and ametiding the highways from the north . part of Harlow-bufh Common, in the parijh of Harlow, to Woodford in the county of EJfex.

ft he aft 10 Geo. i. c. 9. continued for 21years*

CAP. XX.

An aft to explain and amend an aft pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch, to Ilillmorton in the county of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James’s end in the town of Northampton.

ftbe aft 12 Geo. 2. c. 18. amended\

CAP. XXL

An aft for continuing and making more effectual an aft pafled in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for

repairing the highways from the city of Gloucefter to the top of Birdlip-hill\ being the road to London; and from the foot oj the faid hill to the top of Crickley-hilly being the road to Oxford.

fthe aft 9 Geo, 1. c, 31. continued for 21 years,

CAP. XXII.

An aft for repairing the road leading from the town of Cirencefter in the county of Gloucefter, to a place called the Monument upon Lanfdown in the fame county.

Certain tolls granted for 22 years.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for continuing an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the firft, intituled, An aft for amending and repairing the roads from Luto?i in the county of Bedford, to Wef wood-gate in the faid cou?ity, and for repairing the roads from Luton, to Saint Alban's in the county of Hertford.

fthe aft 13 Geo. 1. c. 17. continued for 21 years.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for rectifying miftakes in the names of the commiflioners for the land tax for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and for the appointing other perfons, together with thofe named for the faid year, to put in execution an aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majefy by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufandfeven bun* eked and forty three. EXP.

CAP.

Hosted by

Google

1743*1 Anno decimo fexto GeoRgii II. 0.25.

123

CAP. XXV.

An afi for granting to his Majefty the fum of one million out of the finking fund^ and for applying a further fum therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three *, and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this fejjion of parliament.

Mofi gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjetfts, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being deftrous not only to raif$ fuch fupplies as are neceffary to-enable your Majefty to carry on the prefent war with vigour, but alfo to ufe fuch ways and means therein, as that your Majefty may have the better and more fpeedy effe£t of the faid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum of one million out of the furpluftes, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund> towards the fupply granted to your Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three; and to that end and pur-pofe do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That by or cut of fuch monies as now are, or fhall from time to time tie and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furpluftes, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fu?id (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch fum or fums of money as have been directed by any former a6t or acfts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there fhall and may be iffued, and applied, a fum not exceeding one million, for and towards the Treafury to' fupply granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the faid year one illueoutof th<r thoufand feven hundred and forty three3 and the. commiflioners finking fund of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now 1»000>°00 • being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iftue and apply the fame accordingly.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Other money the fum of twelve thoufand four hundred ninety two pounds, appropriated ten (hillings and five pence three farthings, now remaining in ^^ refent the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, granted for the fervice year> ?re n of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, but not applied for the fervice of that year, fhall and may be iflued and applied as part of his Majefty’s fupply granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three; any law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding*

III. And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid. That ciaufe of in cafe the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any loan at 3I, three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being:, Pe* cent:.

Avail

Hosted by Google

Tallies of loan to be {truck.

The manner of payment*

No undue preference.

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 25.	[1743.

fhall think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner hereafter mentioned, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of one million, upon the credit of the faid fur-plufies, excefies, and overplus monies, commonly, called The Sinking Fund; and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, intereft after a rate not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iffue their warrants for that purpofe as (aft as fuch loans fhall be wanted for the publick fervice; and moreover that no money fo to be lent upon the fecurity of this aft fhall be rated or aflefled to any tax or afleffinent whatfo-ever.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon and perfons who fhall lend any money upon the credit of this aft as aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, fhall immediately have a tally of loan ftruck for the fame, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her or their tally, in or upon which order fhall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof, not exceeding the faid rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal 5 and all fuch orders for repayment of money fo to be lent fhall be regiftred in courfe according to the dates refpeftively; and that all and every perfon and perfons fhall be paid in courfe, according to their orders fhall {land regiftred in the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, ad-miniftrators, or afligns, who fhall have his, or their order or orders firft entred in the faid books of regifter, fhall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furplufles, or excefies, and overplus monies ; and he, fhe, and they, who fhall have his, her, or their order or orders next entred, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond per-to be paid, and fo fuccefiively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in of or for the faid furplufles, excefies, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, as aforefaid, fhall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfaftion of the faid refpeftive perfons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, or afiigns refpec-tively, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife; and fhall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever (other than fuch ufes and purpofes as are appointed by any other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf as aforefaid;) and that no feg, rewarcj,

or

Hosted by Google

1743O Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c.25.	125

or gratuity directly or indirectly (hall be demanded or taken of No fee to be any of his Majefty’s fubjects for providing or making of any £aken> fuch. books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearches in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by ^ny of his Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved on pain of by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer treble da-himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe	an£*

his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before ano- co s* other fhall be made either in point of regiftry or payment, con- Penalty for trary to the true meaning of this acft, by any fuch officer or undue prefe-officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by acftion ofrc debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt with full cofts of fuit to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged of his office or place ; and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without dire&ion or privity of his matter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch acttion, debt, damages, and cofts, and fhall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt fhall not diredl the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the tellers make payment upon fuch order, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before directed, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedtive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch adtion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, fhall and may be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhnin-fter\ wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint fhall be in any wife granted or allowed.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That if it Provifoes re-fhall fo happen that feveral tallies of loan or orders for pay- lating to un-ment as aforefaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the due pre*er~ auditor of the receipt to be regiftered, then it fhall be interpreted no undue preference which of thofe be entered (irft, fo as he

enters them all the fame day.

VI.	Provided alfo, That it fhall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor diredt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders to perfons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for them; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon Method of and perfons to whom any money (hall be due for loans to be. transferring* regiftered by virtue of this acft, after order entered in the book

of

Anno decimo fexto GeoRGII II.

by exchequer bills

C. 2S.	[1743.

of regifter as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiflra-tors, or affigns, by proper words of affignment to be indorfedi and written upon his, her, or their order, may affign or transfer, his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof to any other > which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regiftry aforefaid for orders (which the officers {hall upon requefi: without fee or charge accordingly make) {hall intitle fuch afiignce, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, to th® benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch affignee may in like manner affign again, and io-toties quoties; and afterwards it fhall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who have or hath made fuch affignment, to make void, releafe, or difcharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VIII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole thefaid fum of one million, to be raifed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by ifluing ex-chequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means for the publick fervice ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the commiffioners

The money of his Majefiys treafury, or any three or more of them now may be railed being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-rnjq'loners 0f t|ie treafury for the time being, fhall judge it more advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans as aforefaid, that then they refpectiv^ly are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one million, together with fuch loans as aforefaid, in the fame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain act of parliament for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, for the fervice of the year one thouland feven hundred and forty three, are enacted and prefcribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid act.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the faid laif-mcntioned act relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorized to be made by the fame act (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the aids, taxes, or afiefiments granted by the fame act) fhall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this at, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-mentioned act, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-enacted in the body of this prefent at.

X.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all the* quer bills to be exchequer bills as {hall be made in purfuance of this at, and

the

All advantages and penalties contained in the former at, relating to loans or exchequer bills, extended to this at.

The exche-

Hosted by Google

1743*1 Anno declmo fexto Georgii II. c. 25.	127

the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or attend-paid out of ing the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable ^jmkins upon and (hall be repaid and borne by or out of the growing produce of the faid furpluffes, excefles, and overplus monies commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund fhall and may be iffued and applied, as fall as the fame can be regularly ftated and afcertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difcharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them fhall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the re-fpeftive proprietors thereof.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho- Application of rity aforefaid. That all the monies coming into the exchequer, the fupplies, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one aft: of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to bis Majejiy Land tax* by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three; and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as fhall arife or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame aft, and all the intereft, premium* rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid land tax, fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other aft of this feffion of parliament, intituled.

An at7 for continuing the duties upon malt, mum> cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majejiy certain duties upon malt, mum> cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three ; and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the duties thereby granted, as fhall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame aft, and all the intereft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and alfo the fum of five hundred eighteen thoufand fix hundred pounds coming into the exchequer, by loans, exchequer bills, or annuities, upon one other aft of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon victual- Licences for lers and retailers of beer and ale within the cities of London	.^P^

Weftminfter, and the weekly bills of mortality, and for transferring the exchequer bills unfatisfied thereupon to the duties for licences to H fell fpirituous liquors and firong waters by retale; and alfo for enabling his Majejiy to raife a certain fum of money for the fervice of the year one thoufand Jeven hundred and forty three, to be further charged on the faid duties for licences 3 and charged upon the duties

tO'

Hosted by Google

Lottery an nuities.

2,168,55s 1.

Anno decimO fexto GeoRGii It. c. 25:	f	174^.

to arife by licences for falling fpirituous liquors and ftrong wa-^ ters; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer by annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and by contributions by way of a lottery, upon one other a<5t of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifmgby annuities and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, at three pounds per centum per annum, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three ; and the fum of twelve thoufand four hundred and ninety two pounds, two (hillings, and five pence three farthings, granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty* two, blit not applied for the fervice of that year; and alfo the fum of one million by this a<5t granted as aforefaid, (hall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes herein after expreffed ; that is to fay, it is hereby enadled and declared,

- - That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall navalVrvices. anc* maY	anc*	applied,	any fum or fums of money not

* exceeding two million two hundred fixty eight thoufand five hundred and fifty eight pounds, thirteen (hillings, and five pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after more particularly expreffed; that is to fay, for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy; and for halfpay to fea officers, and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy* and the victualling thereof performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea fervices in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed.

153,871!. 8s. XII. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, 1 id.for freight That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, of tranfports. t}iere fhall ancj

may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred thirty three thoufand eight hundred feventy one pounds, eight (hillings, and eleven pence, for freight of. tranfports, between the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, and the thirty firft day of $5>°75h 9s.	December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and the

for thVland3 S ^um t^1^rtY five thoufand and feventy five pounds, nine (hillings, and one penny, for the expence of victuals provided for his Majefty’s land forces, between the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, and the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two.

XIII.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, upon account, towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greemvich, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country.

XIV.	And it is hereby alfo enabled, That out of all or any to the office of the aids or fuppiies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued ordnance. and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred forty four thoufand fix hundred and eighty fix pounds, and

feven

forces.

i 0,0001. to Greenwich hofpital.

244,6861. 7d.

Hosted by Google

1743 •]	Anno declmo fexto Georgii II. c. 25.	129

feven pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice, not provided for by parliament.

XV.	And it is hereby likewife ena&ed, That out of all or 2,209,800!. any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and 17s- 8d- for may be ilTued and applied any fum or futns of money not ex- g*fapsS,afd~ ceeding two million two hundred and nine thoufand and eight marines!* hundred pounds, feventeen (hillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge of guards, garrifons, and marines, and the contingent charges thereof in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey, and for maintaining his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons of Annapolis Royal, Canfo, Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar, and Georgia, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three ; and for or towards defraying the charge of his £xpence 0f Majefty’s army abroad in the Low Countries, Germany, or elfe- the army in where; and for other fervices relating thereto, within or for one tbeLowCoun-year, to be reckoned from the twenty fifth day of December, one tnes> &c* thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and any fum or fums of^^i. Tgs, money not exceeding forty one thoufand four hundred and thirty 8d. halfpenny, five pounds, eighteen {hillings, and eight pence halfpenny, for f°r extraordi-defraying feveral extraordinary expences and fervices incurred nary exPences* in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money not 265,1911. 6s. exceeding two hundred lixty five thoufand one hundred ninety ^‘n^er^ one pounds, fix (hillings, and two pence farthing, for defray- troops, ing the charge of five thoufand five hundred and thirteen horie, and ten thoufand feven hundred and fifty five foot, of the troops of Hanover, together with the general officers and train of ar^ tillery, in the pay of Great Britain, from the thirty firft of Auguji, to the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, both inclufive; and any fum or fums of mo- 26,137 I. iod. ney not exceeding twenty fix thoufand one hundred thirty feven for half-pay pounds and ten pence, upon account of half-pay to the reduced °^cers* officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, fubjedl to luch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after prefcribed concerning the fame; and any fum or 3,918b for fums of money not exceeding three thoufand nine hundred and penfions to re-eighteen founds, for paying of penfions to widows of fuch re-duced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftablifnment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three; which faid fum of three thoufand nine hundred and eighteen pounds, fhall be ifiued to fuch perfon or perfons, as his Majefty {hall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, diredl or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of Vol. XVIII.	K	half-

I3°

500,0001. to 1'upport the boufe of Auitria, See.

3,819!. 2d.

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 25.	[1743^

half-pay officers, or their affigns, according to fuch eftablifh-ments, lifts, or other directions, and with and fubject to fuch conditions, qualifications, or other allowances for the fame, as his Majefty, by fuch and the like warrant or warrants, (hall be gracioully pleafed to direcft and appoint.

XVI.	And it is alfo hereby enacted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, upon account, towards enabling his Majefty to concert proper meafures, and form fuch alliances, or enter into fuch engagements with other powers as his Majefty fhall judge neceffary for the fupport of the houfe of Aujtria, and reftoring the balance of power in Europe.

XVII.	And it is hereby enacted. That out of all or any the

to make good aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be 1 ’ J	iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding

three thoufand eight hundred nineteen pounds, and two pence, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional ftamp duties at Chriftrnas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty two thoufand pounds* to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, for one year’s intereft due on or before the fifth day of November-, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two on the principal fum of one million two hundred thoufand pounds, lent on the credit of the fait duties towards the fupply of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty one; and the fum of thirteen thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix pounds, ten {hillings, and eleven pence halfpenny, to replace to the faid finking fund, the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duty of twelve fhillings per barrel, on fweets or wines made from Britijb or foreign fruits or fugar at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and the fum of four thou-id^defidency ^an<^ three hundred and thirty three pounds, ten {hillings, and of the pot a«. one penny, to replace to the laid finking fund, the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duty upon all victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of

the deficiency of additional ftamp duties.

42,0001. for intereft of money borrowed on the fait duties.

13,7861. tos. ud. halfpenny, for deficiency on fweets, and low wines.

London and Wejlminfter, and the weekly bills of mortality, at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and io,6ool. to- any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, wards main- to be applied towards the maintenance of the Britijb forts and taming the ^ fettlements belonging to the royal African company of England, iricati- orts. Qn tjie coaq-s Qf Jfrica-y and any fum or fums of money not

pairincr st*Pe- excee^ing four thoufand pounds, towards the repairing and ter’s church, finiftiing the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Wfminfler ; and Weftminfter. , there fhall and may be iffued to the truftees for eftablifhing the 12,oool. tore- colony of Georgia in America, any fum or fums of money not colon hlof exceeding twelve thoufand pounds, by them to be applied for Georgia. further fettling and improving the faid colony.

XVIII. And it is alfo hereby ena6led, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffued and

paid

Hosted by Google

*743*] Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. C. 25.	131

paid to the commiffioners for building a bridge crofs the river

Thames^ from the city of Weflminfier to the oppofite fhore in

the county of Surreyor any feven or more of them, or to fuch

perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed under the hands and feals

of the faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them to

receive the fame, the fum of twenty five thoufand pounds, with- *5»oo°^to-

out account, other than as is directed for the other monies railed fag^Weiimin-

by virtue of the feveral former a6ts of parliament paffed during fter bridge.

the reign of his prefent Majelty for building the faid bridge, to

be applied towards enabling the faid commiffioners to finifh the

faid bridge, and to perform the other trufts repofed in them.

XIX.	And it is hereby alfo enabled, That out of all or any 5M69}• 15s* the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there fhall and may^A

be iffiied and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ^arlsth^de-fifty eight thoufand eight hundred fixty nine pounds fifteen fhil- ficiency of the lings, and feven pence three farthings, for making good the de-general fund, ficiency of the general fund for the year ended at Michaelmas^ one thoufand feven hundred and forty two.

XX.	And be it further enadted, That the faid aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid fhall not be ifiued or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and pur-pofes before mentioned, or fpr the feveral deficiencies or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout by any adt or adts, or any particular claufe or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other adt or adts of this prefent feffion of parliament.

XXI.	And as to the faid fum of twenty fix thoufand one hundred thirty feven pounds, and ten pence, by this adt appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforefaid ; it is hereby enadted

and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the rules herein Rules for the after preferibed fhall be duly obferved in the application thereof; applicatl0n of that is to fay. That no perfon fhall have or receive any part of11 the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which heferved, was reduced ; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adtual fervice in fome regiment, troop, or company ; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, fhall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ec-defiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, fhall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who has refigned his commiffion, and has had no commiffion fince ; that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons, who would have been other-wife intitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the reduced officers of the five regiments of. dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of hal^pay in Great Britain.

XXII.	And whereas by all of parliament made in the fifteenth ^Geo.a. c.19.

K 2	year

Hosted by Google

13*	Anno	decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 26.	[1743.

year of his prefent Majefif s reign, intituled, An adt for granting to his Majefty the fuvn of eight hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed by annuities transferrable at the bank of England; and for aicertaining the cuftoms and duties upon quickftlver taken as prize during the prefent war; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; feveral J'uppUes which had been granted to his Majefty, as is therein mention-ed, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein expreffied, amongft winch, any fam or ftums of money not exceeding twenty /even thoufand nine hundred fixty eight pounds, two Jhillings, and fix pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefty s land forces and marines, fubjeff never thelefs to fuel: rules to be obferv-ed in the application of the Jaid half-pay r as in and by the aforefaid dot were prefcrib ed in that behalf; now it is hereby provided, en-The overplus	and	declared	by	the	authority aforefaid. That fo much of

the faid fum of twenty feven thoufand nine hundred fixty eight pounds, two {hillings, and fix pence, as is or fhall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers according to the rules by the faid a61 preferibed to be obferv ed in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, fhall or may be difpofed of to fuch officers as are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others as by reafon of their long fervice, or otherwife, his Majefty (hall judge to be proper objedts of charity ; or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants, under his Majefty’s fign manual, as fhall be iigned in that behalf; any thing in this act or the faid former adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for continuing feveral laws relating to the allowance upon the exportation of Britifh made gunpowder; to the importation of naval Jlores from the Britifh colonies in America; to the additional number of one hundred hackney chairs; and to the powers given for regulating hackney coaches and chairs ; for punijloing the venders of unftamp-ed news papers; for allowing the importation of hemp or flax manufactured in Ireland, though not fworn to be of the growth of Ireland; and for the relief of Bryan Blundell, in refpeft to the duty on fome white fait loft in a ftorm at fea.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned, which have by experience been found ufeful and beneficial, are near expiring ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be en-adted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, 4. Geo. 2. c.29. and by the authority of the fame, That an adt made in the for allowing a fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An att bounty on for granting an allozvance upon the exportation of Britifh made gunpowdery

of laft year's half pay, to be applied to the compaf-fonate lilt.

Hosted by Google

1743.] Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. C. 26.	133

powder, which was to continue in force for five years, from the portation of twenty fourth day of '"June, one thoufand feven hundred and Sunpowdei, thirty one, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion joqco 2 c i of parliament; and which by another act made in the tenth continued to7* year of the reign of his prefent Majefty was further continued 24June, 1750, for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the &c. then next fefTion of parliament, fhall be, and the fame is here- ^uedb^Q1' by further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty 2 c fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next fefTion of parliament.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft giving

further encouragement for the importation of naval fores, and foring Importa^ other purpofes therein mentioned, as relates to the importation of tion of naval wood and timber, and of the goods commonly called Lumber, ftores. therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majefty’s Bri-tijh plantations or colonies in America, in the manner therein mentioned, free from all cuftoms and impofitions whatfoever granted to his Majefty, his heirs, or fuccefTors, which was to contjnueci to be in force for twenty one years, from the twenty fourth day of june 24, J75<?> June, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, fhall be, &c. and is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof un- Farther conti-til the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That fo much of an a61 made in the twelfth year of the reign

of his late majefty King George the Firft, intitled. An aft for iaGeo.i. c.i®.

granting an aid to his Majefty, by laying a duty upon all victuallers f* I5*/or and retailers of beer and ale within the cities of London and Weft- dumber of minfter, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for prohibiting their chairs, fending beer or ale out of'their houfes to di}flant places, in any pots or vejfels lefs than a gallon; and alfo for adding one hundred additional hackney chairs to thofe already licenfed; and for applying certain arrears of former land-taxes, towards the fupply granted to his Majefty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffort ft parliament, as relates to the additional number of one hundred hackney chairs therein mentioned, which was to continue continued .to in force for eighteen years, from the twenty fourth day of June, ^4June» 17^CH one thoufand feven hundred and twenty fix, fhall be, and is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

IV.	And be it further ena6Ied by the authority aforefaid.

That the feveral claufes in an aft made in the ninth year of the

reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for U- 9 Anns?, c.23, cenfing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs; and for charging cert tin new duties on Jiampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and on

K 3	cards

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 26.	[1743.

cards and dice; and on the exportation of rock fait for Ireland; and for fecuring thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the pof office, and by feveral duties on hides and Jkins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty fix thoufand fix hundred and feventy pounds, for thirty two years*, to be applied to the Jaiisfaction of fuch orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any fum, not exceeding two millions', to be raftedfor carrying on the war, and other her Majeflfs occafions> ioArmse,c.i9. and in an a<5t made in the tenth year of the reign of her faid late f. 158.	Majefty, intituled, An act for laying feveral duties upon all foap and

paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and friped linens imported; and upon certain filks, calli-coes, linens', and fluffs, printed, painted, or flained; and upon fe-veral kinds of flampt vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertifements; for rafting the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her Majefty* s fupply ; and for licenfmg an additional number of hackney chairs \ and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice ; and for better fecuring her Majefty* s duties to arife in the office for (lamp duties, by licences for marriages, and otherwife; and for relief of perfons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have loft exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock, part of the capital of the South Sea company, for the nfe of the publick; and in one other act made in the twelfth nAnnae ft.j. year of the reign of her faid late Majefty, intituled. An aft for c. 14.	explaining the a51 s for licenfmg hackney chairs; and alfo in an a6f

made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King 1 Geo.1. c.57. George the Firft, intituled, An a5l for the better regulating hackney relating to the coachcs, carts, drays, carrs, and waggons, within the cities of Lon-bf^a^kneyerS don an& Weftminfter, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for coaches, preventing mftchiefs occaftoned by the drivers riding upon fuch carts, drays, carrs, and waggons, relating to the jurifdidlion, powers, and authorities of the commiffioners for licenfmg and regulating hackney coaches and chairs, and of juftices of the peace, and to the rules, penalties, and forfeitures, orders and directions'® therein mentioned ; which faid feveral claufes were to have continuance from the feveral times of the commencement thereof, for the refpe&ive terms therein mentioned, lhall be, and are continued till hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the *4 June, 1760, twenty fourth day of fune, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament.

V.	And whereas great numbers of news papers, pamphlets, and Other papers, fubjedl and liable to the flamp duties, and which are not duly flampt according to law, are daily fold, hawked, carried about, uttered, and expofed to fale by divers obfcure perfons, who have no known or fettled habitation, to the great lofs of the fair trader, and the prejudice of his Majefty s revenue; and as feveral doubts and difficulties have arifen, relating to the execution of the laws formerly made, and now in being, for preventing of fuch pradlices, and punifping the offenders: wherefore, for remedying and preventing fuch abides and offences for the future, and rendering the

laws

Hosted by Google

17430 Anno decimo fexto Georgii II, C.26.	135

laws more effectual in that behalf; it is further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall, Any perfon from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred may take up and forty three, fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expofe to hawkers of fale any news paper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper, deem- newspapers* ed or conftrued to be a news paper, within the intention and ^ ^	*

meaning of any of the a£ts of parliament, relating to the (lamp duties now in force, not being ftampt or marked, as in the faid acfts are directed or appointed, it fhall and may be lawful for any and any juftice juftice of the peace to commit every fuch offender, being there- m*y commit pf convicted before him by their own confefTion, or by the oath of one or more credible witziefs or witneffes, to the houfe of re6tion for correction, for any time not exceeding three months; and it 3 months.

,fhall and may be lawful for any perfon to feize, apprehend, and carry before a juftice of the peace of the county, city, riding, di-vifion, or place, where fuch offence (ball be committed, any luch perfon fo offending as afore-mentioned; and every perfon fo l'eiz- A rewarcj Qf ing or apprehending fuch offender, and carrying him or her be- 2GS# for eveiy fore fuch juftice of the peace as aforefaid, fhall, upon conviction, hawker con-of every fuch offender, and producing a certificate of fuch con- vidted, viCtion under the hand of fuch juftice (which certificate fuch juftice is hereby required to give, without fee or reward to be taken for the fame) beintitled to the reward of twenty (hillings, to be paid by the receiver-general of his Majefty’s ftamp duties.	7 Wifi. 3*0.79,

VI.	And whereas by an at1 made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Thirds for encouraging the linen mam failure of Ireland, and bringing flax and hemp into, and the making of fail cloth in this kingdom, it is amongfl other things enacted, That it fhall be lawful to import into England directly from Ireland, all forts of hemp or flax, and all the production thereof as thread, yarn, and linen of the growth and manufacture of Ireland, free from all manner of cuftoms, duties, and wipofitions, the mafler or other chief officer of the vejfel importing the fame, bringing with him or them a certificate or certificates from the chief officer or officers of the port or ports in Ireland, where fuch goods fhall be put on hoard, expreffiing amongfl other things the name or names, place or places of abode of fuch perfon or perfons, that fhall have f'worn the goods therein mentioned, to be bona fide of the growth and manufacture of the kingdom of I reland, without fraud or covin: and whereas the manufactures of thread, yarn, and linen are greatly increafed, and there is not a fufficient growth of hemp and flax in Ireland to make the fame, fo that the obliging perfons to fwear, that fuch manufactures are made of the growth of the faid kingdom of Ireland, will prevent the importation thereof into England, and he a great manufac_ difeouragement to the faid manufactures', therefore be it enabled turesmade of by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the certificate directed hemp or flax by the faid recited aCt of the feventh and eighth years of the m Ire!and> to reign of King William the Third, to be brought by the mafter or chief officer of any (hip or veffel importing from Ireland any of the manufactures made there of hemp or flax into England, fhall exprefs the name or names, place or places of abode of the perfon or perfons who fhall have bona fide fworn the fame to be

K 4	of

Hosted by Google



Salt loft at fea, the duty forgiven.

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. C. 27.	[*743?

of the manufacture of Ireland, without fraud or covin, and the other directions in the faid recited act of the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third (excepting the exporter or other perfon fwearing fuch goods were of the growth of Ireland) fhall be purfued; it (hall and may be lawful, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-fand feven hundred and forty three, to import directly from Ireland into England any manufactures made of hemp or flax in Ireland (as may now by law be imported into England) free from all manner of cuftoms, duties, and impofitions; any thing in the faid recited a<t of the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	And whereas in the month of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and forty one, at Liverpool in the county of Lan-cajler, there was (hipped on board the Mary Anne (loop, Andrew Creagh, mafter, by Bryan Blundell of Liverpool aforefaid, merchant, two thoufand five hundred bufhels of white fait to be carried to Limerick in Ireland, for the duty whereof bond was given by the fajd Bryan Blundell; and the faid (hip in her paflage thither met with tempeftuous and ftormy weather, whereby nine hundred fixty four bufliels, and one gallon of the faid fait was loft; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid bond or bonds given by the faid Bryan Blundell, for and in refpect of the duty of the faid nine hundred fixty four bulhels, and one gallon of fait fo loft, fhall forthwith be delivered up, difcharged, and vacated, and the fame is and are hereby difcharged and vacated accordingly; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An all to continue an a5l made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a£t to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

5GC0. %. c. 30,

'VS/'H E R E A S an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his * * prefent Majefiy, (intituled, An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts) which was to continue in force for three years, from the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and thirty two> and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which by another all made in the ninth year 3 Geo. 2. c.i8. of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An act for reviving and continuing the acts therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending a claufe in an act made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An all for making the laws for repairing the highways more ejfeftuaf relating to the appointing fcavengers in cities and market towns; and the ordering the affeffments for the repairing and cleanfing the fireets therein, was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, hath by experience been

found

Hosted by Google

1743J Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 28, 29.	137

found ufeful and beneficial, and is now near expiring: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enadted, and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid firft herein before 5 Geo. z. mentioned acft, (hall be, and is hereby further continued, from c. 30. conti-the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, nued till Sept, in the year pf our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, and from thence until the end of the then next feftion of parlia- ^uedby a^Geo. ment.	2, c. 57. f. 8. #

CAP. XXVIII.

An a<5t to make the hamlet of Bethnal Green in the parifli of Saint Dun-ftan, Stepney, in the county of Middlefex, a feparate and diftindt parish, and for eredfing a parilh church therein.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for allowing carts to be drawn with four horfes.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the fifth year of his late ma- 5	,	c.	I2,

jefty King George the Firft, intituled, An a eft for making more effectual the feveral adfs palled for repairing and amending the highways of this kingdom; it is, amongft other things enafted.

That if any cart travelling or carrying for hire, J,hall at any time from and after the tiventy fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, go, travel, or be drawn with more than three horfes, that the oivner or driver of finch cart fo travelling for hire, Jhall forfeit and lofe all the horfes above three, with all geers, bridles, halters and accoutrements, to the foie ufe and benefit of any perfon or perfons who Jhall Jeize or difirain the fame, except as therein is excepted: and whereas by an aft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, i^Geo.s.c^i. intituled. An adt for the prefervation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England, it is enafted, That the faid aft of the fifth year of his late Majefty, and all and fengular the claufes, penalties and forfeitures therein contained, Jhall extend, and be conftrued to extend to all carts, and Jo the owners and drivers thereof, his and their horfes, with the geers, bridles, halters and accoutrements, whether travelling for hire, or not for hire, or in any manner whatfoever: and whereas the confining the drawing of carts to three horfes only, is found inconvenient to farmers and others, and highly detrimental to the markets of this kingdom; for remedy whereof, be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of April, in the The number year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, the faid number of three horfes (hall be enlarged to four horfes, former Jas,6 under all the provifions, exceptions and limitations in the faid enlarged to’ recited adts mentioned.	four.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

iGeo.i. c.13.

13 Car. 2.flat. 2 c. 1.

25 Car. 2. c. 2,

30 Car. 2. ft. 2

Farther time allowed for taking the fe« ▼eral oaths.

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c.30. C1743*

CAP. XXX.

An aft to indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify them-felves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe, and alfo for amending fo much of an aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, inti** tuled, An a£t for preventing dangers which may happen from popifh reculants, as relates to the time for receiving the facrament of the Lord's fupper now limited by the faid aft.

WHEREAS divers perfons, who, on account of their offices, places, employments or profeffions, or any other canfe or occa-fton, ought to have taken and fubferibed the oaths or the ajfurance re-fpeftively appointed to be taken by fuch perfons in and by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of his late majejly King George of glorious memory, intituledy An ad for the further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the fuceeflion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteftants $ and for extingui fhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abetters; or to have qualified themfelves b according to an aft made in 'the thirteenth year of the reign of King * Charles the Second, intituled, An ad for the well governing and regulating corporations; or to have qualified themfelves according to t another aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituledy An ad for preventing dangers which may happen from popifh recufants, by receiving the facrament of the Lord's fupper, accordi?jg to the ufage of the church of England, and ?naking erkd fubferibing the declaration againfi tranfubjlantiation therein mentioned, or to have taken, made and fubferibed the declaration Jet forth in the fiatute made in the thirtieth year of the reign of the ' late King Charles the Second, intituled, An ad for the more effectual prefervinghis Majefty’s perfon and government, by difabling papifts from fitting in either houfe of parliament, have, through ignorance of the lawy abfence, mijiake or fome unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fubferibe the faid oaths and ajfurance, or to make and fubferibe the feveraV declarations before mentioned, or other wife to qualify themfelves, as afore faid, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid afts refpeftivejy, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made and provided is required, whereby they may be in danger of incurring divers penalties and difabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majefty’s fubjeds, and for preventing any inconveniencies that might otherwife happen by means of fuch omiflions, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflerabled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every perfon and perfons who hath or have taken and fubferibed, or who (hall on or before the thirty firft day of December3 one thoufand

Hosted by Google

*39

1743*1 Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 30.

feven hundred and forty three, take and fubfcribe the oaths and

affurance refpedively, in fuch cafes wherein by law the faid oaths or affurance ought to have been taken or fubfcribed, in fuch manner and form, and fuch place and places, as are appointed in and by the faid ad made in the firft year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George, or by any other ad or ads of parliament, in that behalf made and provided; and alfo hath or have received, or fhall before the faid thirty firft day of December, receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, and hath or have made and fubfcribed, or (hall on or before the faid thirty firft day of December, make and fubfcribe the faid declaration againft tranfub-ftantiation, in fuch cafes wherein the faid facrament ought to have been received, and the faid declaration ought to have been made and fubfcribed, and alfo hath or have made and fubfcribed, or (hall on or before the faid thirty firft day of December make and fubfcribe the faid declaration in the faid ftatute made in the thirtieth year of the reign of the faid King Charles the Second, (hall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and difcharged of, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities and difa-bilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of any former negled or omiffion of taking or fubfcribing the faid oaths or affurance, or receiving the facrament, or making or fubfcribing the faid declarations refpedively, according to the above mentioned ads, or any of them, or any other ad or ads concerning perfons in offices or places of truft, and is, and are, and (hall be fully and actually recapacitated and reftored to the fame ftate and condition as fuch perfon and perfons were in before fuch negled or omiffion, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her or themfelves, according to the above mentioned ads, and every of them; and that all ads done or to be done by any fuch perfon or perfons, or by authority derived from him or them, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity as the fame or any of them would have been if fuch perfon or perfons had taken the faid oaths or affurance, and received the facrament of the Lord's fupper, and made and fubfcribed the faid declarations refpedively, according to the direction of the faid ads, and every of them; and that fuch perfon or perfons qualifying themfelves in manner, and within the.time appointed by this ad, (hall be to all intents and purpofes as effectual, as if fuch perfon or perfons had refpedively taken the faid oaths and affurance, and received the facrament, and made and fubfcribed the faid declarations within the time, and in the manner appointed by the feveral ads before mentioned.

II.	And whereas feveral perfons who have beenprefented or collated to, or put in ec clefafli cal benefices or promotions, within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town t?/'Berwick upon Tweed, by reafon of fuknefs, imprifonment, difability of body, or otherwife, could not or did not read the morning and evening prayers, according to the book of common prayers, and declare his and their unfeigned afj'ent and confent to the vfe of all

things

Hosted by Google

6

140	Anno decimo fexto GeoRGH II. c. 30. I1743*

things in the /aid book contained andfubfcribed, within the time limited by an aft paffied in the parliament holden in the thirteenth and j 3 & 14 Car. 2.fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, c* 4*	An aft for the uniformity of publick prayers, and adminiftra-

tion of facraments, and other rites, and for eftablifhing the form of making, ordaining and confecrating bifhops, priefts and deacons, in the church of England ; now to prevent any inconve-niencies that may happen by reafon of fuch omiffions ; be it declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and Farther time every perfon and perfons who hath or have fo omitted to read 2ertcms read-	PraYers? an^ to declare his or their faid aflent and con-

ing common fent within the time limited by the faid aft, but hath or have prayer, and fince performed the fame, or who (hall on or before the faid giving their thirty firft day of Dece?nber perform the fame, fhall be, and he alfeiit thereto. an(j	an(}	are^	^y	vjrt-ue	0f	the	authority	aforefaid, indem-

nified and recapacitated, and (hall and may hold and enjoy the faid benefices and promotions in as large and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if he or they had qualified them-felves according to the direftion of the faid a6t 3 any thing in the faid aft, or in any laws or ftatute whatfoever, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	J?id whereas by the faid aft of the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, amongft other things it is enafted, That all and every perfon and perfons that Jhall be admitted, entredy placed or taken into any office or offices, civil or military, or Jhall receive any pay, falary, fee or wages, by reafon of any patent or grant of his Majefiy, or Jhall have command or place of trufi, from or under his Majefiy, his heirs or fuccefjors, or by his or their authority^ or by authority derived fro?n him or them, within this realm of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in his Majeffs navy, or in the fever al ifiands of Jerfey or Guernfey, Jhall receive the facrament of the Lord's fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, within three months after his or their admittance in, or receiving their faid authority and employ?ne?it, in fome publick church, upon fome Lord's day, com7nonly called Sunday, immediately after divine fervice and fermon 3 which time of three months fo limited in the faid aft, is found to be too Jhort and inconvenient : now, for remedy thereof, and for amending the faid aft, by enlarging the faid time ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,

Perfons chofe That from and after the faid thirty firft day of December, all

into offices	and every fuch perfon and perfons as aforefaid, fhall receive the

may receive	facrament of the Lord's fupper, according to the ufage of the

rhe faciament church Gf England, within fix months after his or their admit-

vvithin iix	.	6	.	’	,	.	r . ,	.	,	,

months after. tance in> or receiving their faid authority and employment, in

fome publick church, upon fome Lord’s day, commonly called

Sunday, immediately after divine fervice and fermon.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the

Perfons not authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons afore-uTnfthis aft,	that (hall negleft or refufe to receive the facrament of the

fhail incur ali Lord’s fupper, within the time, and at the places aforefaid, ac-the ft liabilities cording to the direction of this aft5 (hall be liable to^ and incur

all

Hosted by Google

1743*1 Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c,. 31,	141

all fuch difabilities, incapacities, penalties, and forfeitures, as of the aft in and by the faid aft of the twenty fifth year of the reign of 25 Car.z.c. z* King Charles the Second, are provided and inflifted for not receiving the facrament as aforefaid.

V.	Provided alfo, That this aft or anything herein contain- This aft (hall ed (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftore or in- not indemnify title any perfon or perfons, to any office or employment, bene-fice, matter, or thing whatfoever, already aftually avoided by y judgment of any of his Majefty’s courts of record, or already filled up or enjoyed by another perfon 3 but that fuch office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing fo avoided, or filled up and enjoyed as aforefaid, fhall be and remain in and to the perfon or perfons who is or are now intitled to the fame, as if this aft had never been made.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for the further punifhment of perfons who fhall aid or affifi prifoners to attempt to efcape out of lawful cuftody.

FOR the further punishment of perfons who (hall aid or afi-fift prifoners to attempt to efcape out of lawful cuftody, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon fhall, from and after Where a per-the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and	*

forty three, by any means whatfoever be aiding or affifting to ca^ej^al^be " any prifoner to attempt to make his or her efcape from any gaol, deemW guilty although no efcape be aftually made, in cafe fuch prifoner then of felony j was attainted or convifted of treafon, or any felony, except petty larceny, or lawfully committed to or detained in any gaol for treafon, or any felony, except petty larceny, expreffed in the warrant of commitment, or detainer, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted, fhall be: deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported to one of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, for the term of fe-ven years 5 and in cafe fuch prifoner then was convifted of, and where committed to, or detained in any gaol for petty larceny, or any deemed a mif-other crime, not being treafon or felony, exprefied in the war- demeanor, rant of hisorher commitment or detainer as aforefaid, or then was in gaol upon any procefs whatfoever, for any debt, damages, cofts, fum or fums of money, amounting in the whole to the fum of one hundred pounds, every perfon fo offending as aforefaid, and being thereof lawfully convifted, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a mifdemeanor,for which he or (he fhall be liable to a fine and imprifonment.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That After 24 June;, if any perfon fhall, from and after the faid twenty fourth dsy of 1743, any per-fune, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, convey, or f°n conveying

caufe to be conveyed into any gaol or prifon, any vizor, or f111/ difguife 1	j• r	’r : • n J & r 7 r M- inftrument, or

other dilguiiej or any mftrument or arms proper to facilitate arms> to hejp

the

Hosted by Google

I42

an efcape, without the knowledge of the keeper, if the prifoner be attainted of treafon or felony,

or committed for treafon or felony; the offender fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and be tranfport-ed.

Difguife, in-ftrument% or arms, given to one detained for any lefs crime, or for debt, damages, &c. amounting to 100L

the offender fhall be deemed guilty of a mifaemeanor.

To afliff any perfon to efcape from a conftable, being charged with treafon or felony $

pr from any boat, &c. carrying felons fortranfporta-tion ;

the offender (hall be deemed guilty of felony and (hall be tranf-ported for 7 years.

The profecu-tion to commence within a year.

Perfons ordered for tranf-portation, and

Anno decimo fexto Georgii II. c. 31.	[	1743.

the efcape of prifoners ; and the fame (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered to any prifoner in any fuch gaol, or to any other perfon there, for the ufe of any fuch prifoner, without the con-fent or privity of the keeper, or under-keeper of any fuch gaol or prifon ; every fuch perfon, although no efcape or attempt to efcape be actually made, fhall be deemed to have delivered fuch vizor, or other difguife, inftrument, or arms, with an intent to aid and affiftfuch prifoner to efcape or attempt to efcape ; and in cafe fuch prifoner then was attainted or convicted of treafon, or any felony, except petty larceny, or lawfully committed to or detained in any fuch gaol for treafon, or any felony, except petty larceny, expreffed in the warrant of commitment or detainer, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall in like manner be deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall be tranfported to one of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations iry America, for the term of feven years ; but in cafe the prifoner to whom, or- for whofe ufe, fuch vizor or difguife, inftrument or arms, (hall be fo delivered, then was convicted, committed, or detained for petty larceny, or any other crime, not being treafon or felony, exprefled in the warrant of commitment or detainer, or upon any procefs whatfoever, for any debt, damages, cods, fum, or films of money, amounting in the whole to the fum of one hundred pounds, every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a mifdemeanor, for which he or (he (hall be in like manner liable to a fine and imprifon-ment.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon (hall, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, aid or aflift any prifoner to attempt to make his or her efcape from the cuftody of any conftable, headborough, tithingman, or other officer or perfon who (hall then have the lawful charge of fuch prifoner, in order to carry him or her to gaol, by virtue of a warrant of commitment for treafon, or any felony (except petty larceny) exprefled in fuch warrant ; or if any perfon (hall be aiding or aflifting to any felon to attempt to make his efcape from on board any boat, fhip, or veffel, carrying felons for tranfportation, or from the contractor for the tranfportation of fuch felons, his afligns or agents, or any other perfon to whom fuch felon fhall have been lawfully delivered, in order for tranfportation; then every perfon fo offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported to one of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, for the term of feven years

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That there fhall be no profecution for any of the faid offences, unlefs fuch profecu-tion be commenced within one year after fuch offence committed.

V.	And be it. further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon who fhall be ordered for tranfportation, in purfu-ance of this act, fhall return from tranfportation, or be at large

in

Hosted by Google

x744-1 Anno decimo icptimo Georgii II. c, 1,-3.	143

in any part of Great Britain, without fome lawful caufe, before found at large the expiration of the term for which he or (he (hall have been or- before the ex-dered to be tranfported, every fuch perfon (hall be liable to the term^how Vo fame punifhment, and to the like methods of profecution, trial, be ae’a\t and convi&ion, for returning from fuch tranfportation, or for being at large in any part of Great Britain, as other felons tranf-ported, or ordered to be tranfported, are liable unto by virtue of the laws now in force.

CAP. XXXIL

An a6t for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts 5 and for relief of proteftant purchafers, devilees, and lef. fees. EXP.

Time given to 28 Nov. 1743.

Anno decimo feptimo GEORGII II.	;

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter, the firft day of December, Anno Domini one thou-fand f even hundred “and forty one, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our fovereign lord George II. by the grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King^ defender of the faiths &c.	And from thence continued by feveral pro-~

rogations to the firft day of December, one thoufand f even hundred and forty three^ being the third feffion of this pre-fent parliament.

CAP. I.

An a ft for granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four. EXP. At 4s. in the pound.

CAP. II.

An a£t for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four. EXP.

CAP. III.

An a51 to oblige overfeers of the poor to give publick notice of , rates made for the relief of the poor, and to produce the fame.

WHEREAS great inconveniencies do often arife in cities, towns-corporate, pari/bes, townjhips, and places, by reafon of the unlimited power of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, who frequently, on frivolous pretences, and for private ends, make unjuft and illegal rates in a fecret and clandeftine manner, contrary to the true intent and meaning of a Jlatute made in the forty and third

year

Hosted by Google

The rates to be infpeded by any inhabitant, and copies taken.

144 Anno decimo feptimo GeorgiI II. C. 4,-—5.	[1744*

*3 Eliz. c. z. year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An ad for the relief of the poor ; for remedy whereof, and preventing the like abufesthefor future, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament af-Poors rates to Ambled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and af-be publifhed ter the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty in the church four, the churchwardens and overfeers, or other perfons authorized to take care of the poor in every parifh, townfhip, or place, lhall give, or caufe to be given, publick notice in the church, of every rate for the relief of the poor, allowed by the juftices of peace, the next Sunday after the fame (haffhave been fo allowed ; and that no rate fhall be efteemed or reputed valid and fufficient fo as to colled and raife the fame, unlefs fuch notice fhall have been given.

II.	And be it further enaded, that the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, or other perfons authorized, as aforefaid, in every parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall permit all and every the inhabitants of thefaid parifh, townfhip, or place, to infped every fuch rate at all feafonable times- paying one* (hilling for the fame, and fhall, upon demand, forthwith give copies of the fame, or any part thereof, to any inhabitant of the faid parifh, townfhip, or place, paying at the rate of fix pence for every twenty four names.

Penalty on not HI. And be it further enaded. That if any churchwarden or permitting overfeer of the poor, or other perfon authorized as aforefaid, any inhabitant fhall not permit any inhabitant or parifhioner to infped the faid to infped, &c. rateS) or fhall refufe or negled to give copies thereof as aforefaid, fuch churchwarden or overfeer, or other perfon authorized as aforefaid, for every fuch offence, fhall forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved, the fum of twenty^ounds, to be fued for, and recovered by adion of debtTTilI/ plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, pro-jAsJtedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be

--	'	CAP.	IV.

Ari a^Tfor^largfng the term and powers granted by an ad pafied in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty for repairing and widen ing the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochefter, to Saint Dunftan’s crofs near the city of Canterbury in the county of Kent.

ft he aft 3 Geo. II. c 15. continued for 21years.

SL

rc. ttL fft-

/cOis&tsT'.

cap. v.

An aft to amend and make make more ejfeftual the laws re-lating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly perfons, and to houfes of correftion.

WH E R E A S	number of rogues,	vagabonds,	beggars, and

other idle and diforderly perfons^ daily incrcafes, to the great fandaly lofs., and annoyance of the kingdom \ for remedy thereof,

be

Hosted by Google

1744*1 Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII II. C. £	145

be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all perfons who threaten to run away part-cujar Qr and leave their wives or children to the parifh ; and all perfons f^ceT and * who (hall unlawfully return to fuch parifh or place from whence their punifh-they have been legally removed by order of two juftices of the ments. peace, without bringing a certificate from the parifh or place whereunto they belong ; and alfo all perfons who, not having wherewith to maintain themfelves, live idle without employment, and refufeto work for the ufual and common wages given to other labourers in the like work, in the parifhes or places where they then are ; and alfo all perfons going about from door to door, or placing themfelves in ftreets, highways, of paffages, to beg or gather alms in the parifhes or places where they dwell, (hall be deemed idle and diforderly perfons 3 and it fhall and may be lawful for any jufticeof the peace to commit fuch offenders, (being thereof convicted before him, by his own view, or by their own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes) to the houfeof corre&ion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month : and it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon to apprehend, and carry before a juftice of the peace, any fuch perfons going about from door to door, or placing themfelves in ftreets, highways, or paffages, to beg or gather alms in the parifhes or places where they dwell ; and if they fhall refill:, or efcape from the Offerees of a perfon apprehending them, they fhall be fubjeCl to the fame higher nature* punifhment as rogues and vagabonds are made liable to by this a<5t : and it fhall and may be lawful for the laid jufiice, by warrant under his hand and feal, to order any overfeerof the poor of the parifh or place where fuch offender (hall be apprehended, to pay the furn of five fhillings to any perfon or perfons in any Five (hillings fuch parifh or place fo apprehending them, for every offender rewar^ *°r. fo apprehended ; whichTurn fhall be allowed to fuch overfeer in offenders. ^ his account, he producing thejuftices order, and a receipt under the hand of the perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum was paid : but if fuch overfeer fhall negleCt or refufe to pay the faid Penalty on fum, the faid juftice, on oath thereof made, may, by warrant Myi^the* under his hand and feal, order the fame to be levied by diftrefs reward* and fale of the goods of fuch overfeer; and the overplus, (if any) after the charges of fuch diftrefs Satisfied, fhall be returned to fuch overfeer, who in fuch cafe fhall not be allowed the fum fo levied in his account.

II. And be it further enaCIed by the authority aforefaid. That other offences all perfons going about as patent-gatherers, or gatherers of alms, and their pu-under pretences of lofs by fire, or other cafualty ; or going rudiments, about as collectors for prifons, gaols, or hofpitals ; all fencers and bearwards ; all common players of interludes 3 and all perfons who (hall for hire, gain, or reward, a61, reprefent, or perform, orcaufe to be aCIed, reprefented, or performed, any interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play, farce, or other enter-Vql* XVIII,	L	tainment

146

Pfovifo.

Incorrigible

rogues.

11 Geo. i. c. z3.

Anno decimo feptkno Georgii II. c. 5.'	[1744..’

tainment of the ftage, or any part or parts therein, not being authorized bylaw; all minftrels, jugglers; all perfons pretending to be gypfies, or wandering in the habit or form of Egyptians, or pretending to have (kill in phyfiognomy, palmeftry, or like crafty fcience, or pretending to tell fortunes, or ufing any fubtil craft to deceive and impofe on any of his Majefty’s fubjedts, or playing or betting at any unlawful games or plays ; and all perfons who run away and leave their wives or children, whereby they become chargeable to any parifh or place ; and all petty chapmen and pedlars wandering abroad, not being duly licenfed, or otherwife authorized by law; and all perfons wandering abroad, and lodging in alehoufes, barns, outhoufes, or in the open air, not giving a good account of themfelves ; and all perfons wandering abroad and begging, pretending to be foldiers, mariners, leafaring men, or pretending to go to work in harveft; and all other perfons wandering abroad and begging, fliall be deemed rogues and vagabonds within the true intent and meaning of this adt.

III.	Provided always, That this adV, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to foldiers wanting fubfiftence, having lawful certificates from their officers or the fecretary at war, or to mariners or feafaring men licenfed by fome teftimonial or writing under the hand and feal of fome juftice of the peace, fetting down the time and place of their landing or difcharge, and the place to which fuch foldiers or mariners are to pafs, and the names of the chief towns or places through which they are to pafs, and limiting the time of fuch their paffage, while they continue in the diredt way to the place to which they are to pafs, and during the time fo limited ; or to any perfon or perfons going abroad to work at any lawful work in the time of harveft, fo as he, the, or they carry with him, her, or them a certificate in writing, figned by the minif-ter and one of the churchwardens or chapel-wardens, or one of the overfeers of the poor for the time being, of the parifh, cha-pelry, or place where they fhall refpectively inhabit, declaring that he, ffie, or they hath or have a dwelling-houfe, or place there, in which he, (he, or they inhabit.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all end-gatherers offending againft an adt made in the thirteenth year of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An a51 for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture, and for preventing difputes among the perfons concerned therein ; and for limiting a time for profecuting for the forfeiture appointed by an aft of the twelfth year of his Majefty s reign, in cafe of payment of the ivorkmens ivages in any other manner than in money, being con-vidted of fuch offence ; and all perfons apprehended as rogues and vagabonds, and efcaped from the perfons apprehending them, or refilling to go before a juftice or juftices of the peace, or to be examined upon oath before fuch juftice or juftices, or refilling to be conveyed by any fuch pafs as is herein after diredt -ed, or knowingly giving a falfe account of themfelves on fuch

exa-

Hosted by

Google

<744-1	Anno decimo feptimo GeoRgii II. c.5.	147

examination, after warning given them of their punifhment; and all rogues or vagabonds who fhall break or efcape out of any houfe of corredtion, before the expiration of the term for which they were committed or ordered to be confined by virtue of this a61; and all perfons who after having been punifhed as rogues and vagabonds, and difcharged, (hall again commit any of the faid offences, (hall be deemed incorrigible rogues within the true intent and meaning of this a6t.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ThatA perfon if any perfons (hall be found offending againfl: this act, it fhall may appre-and may be lawful for any perfon whatfoever to apprehend the bend offend-perfon fo offending, and to convey, or caufe to be conveyed to ers* fome juftice of the peace, the perfons fo apprehended, to be proceeded againfl: in fuch manner as is herein after diredbed : and in cafe any conftable, or other fuch officer, (hall refufe or ficer^ne0^?^* neglect to ufe his beft endeavours to apprehend or convey to in^thei/d^ty fome juftice of the peace any fuch offender ; it fhall be deemed ° a negledl of duty in fuch conftable or officer, and he fhall be punifhed in fuch manner as is herein after diredted : and in cafe any other perfon, being charged by any juftice of the peace fo to do, fhall refufe or negledt to ufe his beft endeavours to apprehend and deliver to the conftable, or fuch other officer, or to carry fuch offender before fome juftice of the peace, where no conftable or other fuch officer can be found ; fuch perfon fo offending, as aforefaid, being thereof convidted upon view, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, fhall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, to the ufe of the poor of theparifhor place wherein fuch offence fhall be committed ; to be levied by dif-trefs and faleof the offender’s goods, by warrant from any juftice or juftices; and the overplus (if any) after the charges of fuch diftrefs fatisfied, fhall be returned to fuch offender : and in cafe any perfon not being a conftable, or fuch other offi- Reward for cer, fhall apprehend any fuch rogue or vagabond, and fhall de- taking up liver him or Hfer to a conftable, or other fuch officer, or fhall gabon 3> &cp convey, or caufe him or her to be conveyed to fome juftice or juftices of the peace, according to the directions of this adt; or if any conftable, or other fuch officer, (hall fo apprehend and convey fuch rogue or vagabond ; it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices to reward any fuch conftable or other perfon, by making an order under hand and feal upon the high or chief conftable,1 to pay the fum of ten (hillings to the perfon fo apprehending him or her, within one week after demand, and producing fuch order, and upon his giving a receipt for the fame j and the fame (hall be allowed or paid by the treafurer of the county, riding, divifton, or liberty, to fuch high or chief conftable on his paffing his accounts, and delivering fuch order and receipt, and alfo his own receipt for the fame, to fuch treafurer; and the faid juftices at the general or quarter feffions, fhall allow the fame to fuch treafurer in his accounts, upon his producing and delivering up the vouchers aforefaid : and in cities,

L 2	borough	s?

made.

148	Anno	decimo	feptimoGEoRGll	II. C. 5.	[*744

boroughs, towns-corporate, and other places where there are no high or chief conftables, fuch petty conftables and other officers (hall pay or retain fuch reward, as aforelaid, and be allowed what they fhall fo pay or retain by virtue of this ad in their refpedive accounts, upon their producing and delivering up the Penalt on not vouchers : and in cafe any high or chief conftable, or where payins^the re-	no	high	or chief conftable, fuch petty conftable, or other

ward.	officer,	fhall	rsfufe or negled to pay fuch reward on de-

mand, it fhall and maybe lawful for fuchjufhce orjuftices of the peace, by warrant under hand and feal, to levy the fum of twenty {hillings, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch officer, and thereout to allow to the perfon intitled thereto, the faid reward of ten {hillings, and fuch other recompence for his trouble, lofs of time, and expences, as the faid juftice or juftices {hall think fit ; and the overplus (if any) fhall be returned to fuch officer upon demand.

General privy VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That fearches to be the juftices of the peace for every county, riding, city, borough, town-corporate, divifion, or liberty, or any two of them, fhall, four times in the year at lead:, or oftner (if need be) meet in their refpedlive divilions, and by their warrant, command the confta-bles or other peace-officers of every hundred, parifh, town, and hamlet, in their feveral divifions, who fhall beaffified with fufficient men of the fame places, to make a general privy fearch in one night, throughout their feveral and refpedtive limits, for the finding and apprehending of rogues and vagabonds j and every juftice of the peace {hall alfo, on receiving information that rogues and vagabonds are in any place within his jurifdic-tion, iffue his warrant to the conftable or other officer of fuch place, to fearch for and apprehend fuch rogues and vagabonds, and fuch rogues and vagabonds as they {hall find and apprehend upon fuch fearches, they {hall caufe to be brought before any juftice or juftices of the peace of the fame county, riding, city, borough, town-corporate, divifion, or liberty.

VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That where any rogues or vagabonds, apprehended by any conftable, or fuch other officer or perfon as aforefaid, or upon fuch fearch as aforefaid, fhall be brought before any juftice or privy fearches. jufj-jces. 0f the peace, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice orjuftices, and he or they are hereby required to inform him-felt or themfelves, by the examination upon oath of the perfon or perfons apprehended, or of any other perfon, of the condition and circumftances of the perfon or perfons fo apprehended, and of the parifh'or place, where he, {he, or they were laft legally fettled; the fubftance of which examination or examinations, fhall be put into writing, and be fubfcribed or figned by the perfon or perfons fo examined ; and the faid juftice orjuftices (hall likewife fign the fame, and tranfmit it to the next general or quarter feffions of the peace to be holden for the fame county, riding, city, borough, town-corporate, divifion, or liberty, there to be filed and kept on record : and fuch juftice orjuftices

of

Juftices to punifn vagabonds, &c. t iken up at

Hosted by Google

149

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 5.

of the peace, fhall and are hereby required to order all fuch perfons fo apprehended, to be publickly whipt by the conftable, petty conftable, or tythingman, or fome other perfon to be appointed by fuch conftable, petty conftable, or tythingman, of fuch parifh or place where fuch perfons were apprehended; or to order fuch perfons to be fent to the houfe of correction, there to remain until the next general or quarter feffions, or for any lefs time, as fuch juftice or juftices fhall think proper; and af- Different forts ter fuch whipping or confinement, fuch juftice or juftices may, of vagabonds, and are hereby impowered, if they think convenient, by a pafs to under hand and feal, in the manner and form hereafter directed, pa e * to caufe fuch perfons to be conveyed to the place of their laft legal fettlement; but if it cannot be found, then to the place of their birth; or if fuch perfons, or any of them, be under the age of fourteen years, and have any father or mother living, then to the place of the abode of fuch father or mother, there to be delivered to fome church-warden, chapel-warden, or over-feer of the poor of fuch parifti, town, or place; which pafs fhall be in the form or to the effe6t following:

To the conftable of	in	the	county of

[or to the tythingman, or other officer, as the cafe fhall be, or if the offender is committed to the houfe of correction, then to the governor ormafter thereof] And alfoto all confables and other officers whom it may concern, to receive and convey ; and to the church-war dens, chapel-wardens, or overfeers of the poor of the parijh, town, or place (as the cafe (hall be) of	in	the

county of	or either of them, to receive and obey.

Wr H E R E A S	was	(or were) apprehended in the Form of the

pariflo of	(or	in	the	town of	or	other	Pa(s*

place, defcribing it) as a rogue and vagabond, or as rogues a?id vagabonds, videlicet, wandering and begging there (or as the cafe fhall be) and upon examination of the faid	taken before

upon oath (which examination is hereunto annexed) it doth appear, that his, her, or their laf legal fettlement is at in this county (or, in the county of	)	or, that the faid

was (or were) born in the parijh of	in	this

county (or, in the county of	)	and	hath	(or	have)	not

fince obtained any legal fettlement; or that the faid	is	(or

are) under the age of fourteen years, and hath (or have) a father or mother living or abiding in the parijh (or town) of	(or

other place, defcribing it.) Thefe are therefore to require you the Jaid confable, or other officer (or governor or m after of the houfe of correction, as the cafe (hall be) to convey the faid	in

the next diredl way to the faid parijh (or town) of	(or

other place) within the faid county, and there to deliver him (her or them) to fome church-tvarden, chapel-warden, or over feer of the poor of the fame pariflo (town or place) to be there provided for according to law, or in cafe the faid parifh, town, or place, to which fuch perfon or perfons is or are to be fent, lies in fome

L 3	other

i$Q	Anno	decimo	feptimo Georgii II. c. 5.	[1744*

other county, riding, divifion, corporation, or franchife having feparate general or quarter feffions of the peace, then the forirj fhall be as followeth, videlicet, To convey the faid	to	the.

parijh (or town) of	that	being	the	firjl	parijh	(or	town)

in the next precinrt through which he (fhe or they) ought to pafs in the direfi way to the faid par if (or town) of	to	which

he (fhe or they) is (or are) to be fent, and to deliver him (her or them) to the corjlable, or other officer offuchfirjl town (or parifh) in fuch next precinrt, together with this pafs, and the duplicate of the examination of the faid	taking his receipt for the fame ; and

the faid	is	(or are) to be thence conveyed on in like manner to the faid parifh (or town) of	there	to	be	delivered

to fome church-warden, chapel-warden, or overfeer of the poor of the-fame parifi? (town or place) to be there provided for according to law; and you the faid church-wardens^ chapel-wardens> and overjeers of the poor, are hereby required to receive the faid perfon (or perrons and provide for him (her or them) as aforefaid.

Duplicate of

the pafs and examination to be bled at the next general or quar ter feiiions.

Power of juft ices over .vagabonds and incorrigible rogues.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fuch juftice or juftices fhall make or caufe to be made a duplicate of fuch pafs and examipation, and fign the fame; and fhall afterwards tranfmit the duplicate of the faid pafs annexed to the examination, to the next general or quarter feffions of the peace, there to be filed and kept on record ; and (hall annex the duplicate of the examination to the pafs, and fend it with the fame; and the faid pafs, examination, or duplicates thereof, fliall and may be read in any court of record in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy as evidence.

IX.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That where any offender againft this a6! fhall be committed, as aforefaid, to the houfe of cori.ecftion, there to remain until the next general or quarter feffions; and the juftices at fuch feffions fhall, on examination of the circumftances of the cafe, adjudge fuch perfon a rogue or vagabond, or an incorrigible rogue ; they may, if they think convenient, order fuch rogue or vagabond to be detained and kept in the faid houfe of correction to hard labour, for any further time not exceeding fix months, and fuch incorrigible rogue, for any further time, not exceeding two years, nor lefs than fix, months from the time of making fuch order of feffions ; and. during the time of fuch perfon’s confinement, to be corrected by whipping, in fuch manner, and at fuch times and places within their jurifdidlions, as according to the nature of fuch perfon’s offence, they in their diferetion fhall think fit; and fuch perfon may (if the juftices at the faid feffions fhall think convenient) afterwards be fent away by fuch pafs, mutatis >mutandis, as aforefaid ; and if fuch perfon being a male, is above the age of twelve years, the juftices at their feffions may and are hereby impowered, at any time before he is difeharged from the houfe of correction, to fend him to be employed in his Majefty’s fervice, either by fea or land, if they fhall judge proper; and in cafe any fuch incorrigible rogue, fo.

ordered

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1^44*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. 0,5.	151

ordered by the faid general or quarter feffions to be detained and kept in the faid houfe of correction, (hall, before the expiration of the time for which he or fhe {hall be fo ordered to be there detained and kept, break out or make his or her efcape from the faid houfe of correction, or (hall offend again in like manner; in every fuch cafe, every fuch perfon (hall be deemed and taken to be guilty of felony, and being legally convicted thereof, fhall and may be tranfported for any time not exceeding feven years, in the fame manner as by the laws now in being other felons may be tranfported.

X.	And to prevent unneceffary expence in the paffing or con- juftices to re-veyingof rogues, vagabonds, and incorrigible rogues, be it en- gulate the aCted by the authority aforefaid. That the juftice or juftices of pafles, bvgiv-the peace, who fhall make the pafs, (hall at the fame time, certific^es^* with the (aid pafs, caufe likewife to be delivered to the confta-ble, or other officer appointed to convey them, a note or certificate, afcertaining how they are to be conveyed, by horfe, cart, or on foot, and what allowance fuch conftable or other officer is to have for conveying them (according to the rates or allowances appointed by the general or quarter feffions of the peace, as is herein after directed) in the form, or to the effeCt following, videlicet:

WHEREAS by a pafs (reciting the fubftance or effeCt ofv , , the faid pafs) I (or we) do hereby order and direft the faid c^dficate. * perfon (or perfons) to be conveyed on foot (or in a cart, or by horfe, et cetera) to the faid town (or pari(h) of	in

(or other place, defcribing it) in the way to fuch pariflo (town or place, as the cafe fhall be) in	days	time; for

which the faid confable (et cetera) is to be allowed the fum of ana no more.

Given under my hand (or our hands) this day, et cetera.

XI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That The duf. the conftable, or other officer, who fhall receive fuch pafs and officers with certificate, fhall, and is hereby required to convey, or caufe to fuch pafs and be conveyed, the perfon or perfons named in fuch pafs, in fuch certificate, manner, and in fuch time, as by the fame pafs fhall be direCt-ed, the next direCl way to the place where he, (lie, or they are c/34. ordered to be fent, if fuch place be in the fame county, riding, divifion, corporation, or franchife, where the faid perfon or perfons were apprehended; but if the place to which the perfon or perfons fo apprehended is or are to be fent, lies in fome other county, riding, divifion, corporation, or franchife, he fhall deliver the faid perfon or perfons to the conftable or fuch other officer of the firft town, parifh or place, in the next county, riding, divifion, corporation or franchife, in the direct way to the place to which fuch perfon or perfons is or are to be conveyed, together with the faid pafs and duplicate of'examination, taking his receipt for the fame, and fuch conftable or

L 4	other

Hosted by Google

i5l

Perfons (hall pay for their own pafiage, if they are found able.

Regulations for palling vagrants into Scotland.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 5.	[1744*

other officer fhall, without delay, apply to fome juftice of the peace in the fame county, riding, divifion, corporation or fran-chife, who (hall make the like certificate as before [mutatis mutandis) and deliver it to the faid conftable or other officer, who ihall and is hereby required with all fpeed to convey the perfon or perfons unto the firfl parifh, town or place, in the next county, riding, divifion, corporation or franchife, in the direct way to the place to which fuch perfon or perfons is or are to be conveyed ; and fo in like manner from one county, riding, divifion, corporation or franchife, to another, till they come to the place to which fuch perfon or perfons is or are lent; and the conftable or other officer, who fhall deliver fuch perfon or perfons to the churchwarden or other perfon ordered to receive them by fuch pafs, fhall at the fame time deliver the faid pafs, with the duplicate of examination, taking their receipt for the fame; and if the churchwarden or other perfon, who fhall receive any perfon fo fent, fhall think the examination to be falfe, he is hereby impowered to carry the perfon fo fent, before fome juftice of the peace, who, if he fee caufe, may commit fuch perfon to the houfe of corre&ion, till the next quarter-feffions, and the juftices there, if they fee caufe, may deal with fuch perfon as an incorrigible rogue; but the perfon fo fent fhall not be removed from the place to which fent, but by order of two juftices, in the fame manner as other poor perfons are removed to the place of their fettlement.

XII.	And zvhereas it often happens that perfons commit afts of vagrancy when they are in circumjlances fufficient to pay for their journey home\ be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace, before whom any vagrants fhall be carried, to order fuch vagrants to be fearched, and their bundles to be infpecled by the conftable, tythingman, churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, in the prefence of the faid juftice; and if it fhall appear, that any fuch vagrant fhall be found to have fufficient wherewithal to pay for their paffage, either in the whole or in part, to the parifh to which they belong, then the faid juftice or juftices fhall order fo much of the money to be paid, or other effects found with or upon fuch vagrants, to be fold and employed for and towards the ex pence of taking up and palling fuch vagrants as aforefaid, returning the overplus (if any be) after deducting the charges of fuch fale, to fuch vagrants,

XIII.	And be it further enadfted by the authority aforefaid. That the conftable or other officer of any parifh or place, within the counties of Cumberland, Northumberland\ Durham or town of Berwick upon Tvjeed, fhall, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon any perfon or perfons being delivered to them by a pafs and examination, who fhall have been apprehended within the faid counties or town, or brought to them according to the dire&ion of this acft, whofe place of legal let-tlement is in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to deliver the faid examination to the clerk of the peace for fuch refpec-

tive

Hosted by Google

*53

1744*1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii IT. c.5.

tive county, to be kept among the records of the feffions of that county, and to convey or caufe to be conveyed, fuch perfon or perfons, with the laid pafs, into the next adjoining (hire, ftew-artry or place in that part of the united kingdom ; and to deliver him, her or them to fome conftable or other officer of the next parifh, diftridt or place, within the laid fhire, ftewartry or place, taking his receipt for him, her or them ; and fuch officer is hereby required to receive fuch perfon or perfons, and give fuch receipt, and to difpofe of him, her or them according to law; and in cafe any fuch vagrant, after being fo fent and conveyed into that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall, after being fo fent as aforefaid, be found wandering, begging or misbehaving him or herfelf within that part of Great Britain called England, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt; every fuch perfon fo offending,,fhall be deemed an incorrigible rogue, and be punifhed as incorrigible rogues are to be punifhed by this adt.

XIV.	And whereas divers vagrants have been conveyed from county to county, in order to be fent to places in Ireland, the ijles of Man, Jerfey, Guernfey, or Scilly {their lajl legalfettlement) but for wa?it of authority to compel mafters of Jhips and vejfels to take them on board, in order to be carried thither at reafonable rates., they may be very chargeable to the maritime counties, towns and places in England and Wales, where they may lie for fuch exportation ; be it Regulations therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every for pafling va-mafter and mafters of any fhip or veflel or pacquet boat bound p^ntSjin£° for Ireland, the ifles of Man, Jerfey, Guemfey or Sally, fhall, re an * c# and they, and each of them is and are hereby required, upon warrant to him or them diredted under the hand and feal of a juftice of the peace of the county, town or place where fuch fhip, veffel or pacquet boat fhall lie, to take on board the fame fuch vagrant and vagrants as fhall be named and expreffed in the faid warrant, and convey him, her or them to fuch place in Ireland, the ides of Man, Jerfey, Guernfey or Scilly, as fuch fhip, veffel or pacquet boat fhall be bound to, or fhall arrive at; and for the charges thereof fuch mafter fhall take, and the conftable or perfon who ferves him with the faid warrant fhall pay him fuch rate per head, as the juftices of the peace at their quarter-feffions (hall from time to time appoint for every fuch vagrant fo brought and delivered to him ; and fuch mafter fhall and is hereby required, on the back of the faid warrant, to fign a receipt for the money fo paid, and alfo for the vagrant or vagrants fo brought and delivered ; which warrant fo endorfed fhall then be produced to the juftice of the peace who figned and fealed the fame, and upon his allowance thereof, under his hand, the money fo paid fhall be repaid by the county, in fuch manner as by this adt the money to be paid for conveying vagrants from county to county is diredted ; and every mafter of fuch fhip, Penalty on veflel or pacquet boat, negledling or refufing to receive on board, mafters of or to tranfport fuch vagrant or vagrants, or to indorfe and fign fuch receipt as aforefaid, fhall forfeit five pounds to the ufe of g^ants^n**

6	the	board.

Hosted by Google

154

Mnfters not

than one va-grantforevery 20 tons burthen.

Juttices to limit the rates per mile for palling vagrants, & c.

Anno decimo feptimo Geokgii II. c. 5. [i744.

the poor of the parifh or place where the offence (hall be committed; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the faid fhip, or any goods within the fame, by warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace for the fame county, city or town corporate, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand, after the faid penalty and charges of levying the fame as fatisfied.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no obliged to take matter of any fuch pacquet boat, fhip or veffel, (hall be com-on board more pelled to take on board more than one vagrant for every twenty

vo. tQns burthen of any fuch boat, (hip or veffel.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the juttices of the peace of any county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, divifion or liberty, fhall and may at the general or quarter-fettions of the peace from time to time, limit, appoint, and directt what rates and allowances per mile, or otherwife, fhall be made for the patting, conveying or maintaining of rogues, vagabonds or incorrigible rogues, to be patted or conveyed as aforefaid; and may likewife make fuch other orders, rules and directions, for the more regular proceeding or aCting therein, within their refpeCtive limits and jurifdiCtions, as they, in their difcretion fhall think proper; which rates, allowances, orders, rules and directions fhall from time to time be obferved and fubmitted to by all juttices of the peace, con-ftables, officers and other perfons within the fame limits and jurifdiCtions refpeCtively.

XVII. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any petty conttable, or other fuch officer of any parifh or place, fhall bring toy etT con- tG any high or chief conttable any fuch certificate as aforefaid, (tables,&c. for as fhall be given him by any juftice or juttices of the peace for the patting va- proper county or place, afcertaining how and for what rates or grants.	allowances	he	fhall be required to convey any rogues, vagabonds

or incorrigible rogues as aforefaid, together with a receipt or note from any conttable or other officer or perfon to whom the perfon or perfons fo to be conveyed was or were delivered, the faid high or chief conttable (hall and may pay unto fuch petty conttable or other officer, the rates or allowances afcertained in and by fuch certificate, and no more, taking from fuch petty conttable or other officer fuch certificate, and his receipt for the fame; and the faid high or chief conttable (hall be allowed the fame by the treafurer of the county, riding, liberty, 'divifion, corporation, or franchife, on his patting his accounts, upon his producing and delivering up fuch certificate and receipt, and giving his own receipt for the fame to fuch treafurer; and the juttices at the general or quarter-fettions (hall allow the fame to fuch treafurer in bis accounts, upon his producing and deliver-Pcnaltyon the ing up the vouchers aforefaid : and in cafe any high or chief

The high conttable to

high contta-ble’s refilling to pay, as directed by the juttices warrant.

conttable fhall refufe or negledt to pay the faid petty conttable, or other officer or perfon, the rates or allowances afcertained iq and by fuch certificate and receipt, on demand ; it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice or juttices of the peace, by warrant under hand and feal to levy double the fum afcertained by fuch

certificate2

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anrio decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 5.	J55

certificate, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch high or chief conftable, and thereout to allow the faid petty conftable, or other officer or perfon, the fum afcertained in and by fuch certificate and receipt, and fuch other recompence for his trouble, lofs of time and expences, as the faid juftice or juftices fhall think fit; and the overplus (if any) fhall be returned to fuch high or chief conftable upon demand; and in cities, towns corporate and other places, where there is no high or chief conftable, fuch petty conftables or other officers fhall be allowed what they fhall fo pay purfuant to the directions of fuch certificate, in their refpeCtive accounts, upon their producing and delivering up fuch, vouchers; or in cafe any governor or mafter of a houfe of correction fhall deliver fuch certificate and receipt to any treafurer as aforefaid, fuch treafurer fhall pay the rates therein afcertained to fuch governor or mafter of a houfe of correction, taking his receipt for the fame, which fhall be allowed to fuch treafurer in his accounts, on his producing and delivering up fuch vouchers.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the Penalty on authority aforefaid, That in cafe any fuch petty conftable, or counterfeiting other officer, or governor, or mafter of any houfe of correction, certificated fhall counterfeit any fuch certificate, receipt or note, or make, receipts, or or knowingly permit to be made, any alteration in any fuch notes, certificate, receipt or note, he fhall forfeit the fum of fifty Penalty on pounds; and in cafe he fhall not convey, or caufe to be con- th<Lofficer not

r	^	'	petihn? ac-

veyed, the perfons to the place where they ought to be con- cording to veyed, or (haft not deliver them to the proper perfon; or if any order; and conftable, or other officer or perfon, fhall refufe to receive any on the of-fuch perfons fent to them, or to give a receipt or note as before cehfinef the6" directed; that in any of the faid cafes, the conftable or other pafs|ng e officer or perfon, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds ; which Manner of le-faid refpeCtive forfeitures fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of vying the pe-the offender’s goods, by warrant or order of the juftices of the nalty' peace, where fuch offence fhall be committed, at their general or quarter-feffions; one moiety to be paid to the perfon or perfons who fhall firft make information againft any fuch offender, and the other moiety to be paid to the treafurer of the county or place, to be applied by him as part of the publick ftock; and the overplus (if any) after fuch forfeitures levied, and the charges of diftrefs fatisfied, fhall be returned to fuch conftable or other officer or perfon upon demand.

XIX.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Vagabonds, the parifh or place to which any rogue, vagabond or incorrigible &c. to be fet rogue, fhall be conveyed by pafs as aforefaid, fhall take care to to work, employ in work, or place in fome workhoufe or almfhoufe, the

perfon or perfons fo conveyed to them, until he, {he or they fhall betake themfelves to fome fervice or other employment: and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons fhall refufe to work, or fhall not; betake themfelves to fome fervice or employment, the overfeers of the poor of the fame parifh or place, or the major part of them, may caufe fuch perfon or perfons to b£ carried

before

%

Hosted by Google

156	Anno	decimo	feptimo	GeorGII	II.	c. 5.	[1744.’

before fome juftice of the peace, in order to be fent to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour.

Lunaticks to XX. And whereas there are fometimes perfons, who be confined ^ otherwife, are furioujly mad, or are Jo far difordered h v warrant o	^ dangerous to be permitted to go abroad;

fore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more juftices of the peace, where fuch lunatick or mad perfon (hall be found, by warrant under their hands and feals, directed to the conftables, churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the parifh, town or place, or fome of them, to caufe fuch perfon fo to be apprehended, and kept fafely locked up in fome fecure place, within the county or precinct, where fuch parifh, town or place fhall lie, as fuch juftices (hall under their hands and feals direct and appoint; and (if fuch juftices find it neceflary) to be there chained, if the laft legal fettlement of fuch perfon (hall be in any parifh, town or place within fuch county or precinct; and if fuch fettlement fhall not be there, then fuch perfon fhall be fent to the place of his or her laft legal fettlement by a pafs, mutatis mutandis, as aforefaid, and fhall be locked up or chained, by warrant of two juftices of the county or precinct to which fuch perfon is fo fent, in man-leized to a ner a^ore^a^ 5 and the reafonable charges of removing, and of the charge of keeping, maintaining and curing fuch perfon during fuch re-their mainte- ftraint (which fhall be for and during fuch time only as" fuch nance.	lunacy	or madnefs fhall continue) fhall be fatisfied and paid

(fuch charges being firft proved upon oath) by order of two or more juftices of the peace, directing the churchwardens or overfeers where any goods, chattels, lands or tenements of fuch perfon fhall be, to feize and fell fo much of the goods and chattels, or receive fo much of the annual rents of the lands and tenements, as is neceflary to pay the fame; and to account for what is fo feized, fold or received, to the next quarter-fe(lions; Otherwife at but if fuch perfon hath not an eftate to pay and fatisfy the fame, the charge of over and above what fhall be fufficient to maintain his or her t e pan . family, then fuch charges fhall be fatisfied and paid by the parifh, town or place to which fuch perfon belongs, by order of two juftices, directed to the churchwardens or overfeers for that purpofe.

Provifo.	XXI.	Provided	always,	That	this	a<5t,	or any thing therein

contained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to re-ftrain or abridge the prerogative of the King, or the power or authority of the lord chancellor, lord keeper or commiflioners of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, or the chancellor, or vice chancellor of the county palatine of Lancafter ' for the time being, or of the chamberlain or vice chamberlain of the county palatine of Ghefer for the time being; touching or concerning fuch lunaticks, or to reftrain or prevent any friend or relation of fuch lunaticks from taking them under their own care and protection; any thing in this a6t contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That

juftices.

Goods and eftates of lunaticks to be

by lunacy, or n their fenfes be it there-

Hosted by Google

1744.] Anno decimo feptimo GEORGII II. C.5.	157

That in cafe any conftable or other officer, or governor or ma- Penalty on of-fter of any houfe of correction, fhall be defective, remifs, or fn^thet du~ negligent in his duty, in the execution of this act, in any cafe ieir u' for which no punifhment is herein before particularly provided; andonperfons or in cafe any perfon or perfons lhall diflurb or hinder the exe- hindering the cution of this at, or (hall refcue any perfon apprehended or paf- e^ec^°^°^ fing from place to place by virtue thereof, or fhall be advifing, Jefcuing apri-aiaing or affifting to his or her efcape, and (hall be thereof con- foner# victed upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or wit-neffes, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, where fuch offence fhall be committed (which oath the faid juftice or juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) the perfon or perfons fo offending, for every fuch offence fhall forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than ten (hillings, to the ufe of the poor of the parifh or place where fuch offence fhall be committed; to be levied by diftrefs and fate of the offenders To be levied goods, by warrant from fuch juftice or juftices, returning the by diftrefs and overplus (if any be) upon demand, after the faid forfeiture and iae> c# charges of making and keeping the faid diftrefs fhall be paid and fatisfied; and if fufficient diftrefs cannot be found, it fhall and may be lawful to and for one or more fuch juftice or juftices to commit the perfons fo offending to the houfe of corredlion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two months.

XXIII.	And whereas perfons herein before defcribed to be rogues vagabonds or incorrigible rogues, are much encouraged in wandering about, by the reception they too often meet with in villages and places where they are permitted to lodge in houfes, barns or other outhoufes or buildings, by means whereof and their falling fick there, great expences are fometimes brought upon parijhes; for remedy thereof. Penalty for be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon fhall (heltering va* knowingly permit or fuffer any fuch rogue, vagabond or incor- gat>onds. rigible rogue, to lodge or take fhelter in his or her houfe, bam or other outhoufe or buildings, and fhall not apprehend and carry fuch rogue, vagabond or incorrigible rogue before fome juftice of the peace, or give notice to fome conftable, or other fuch officer fo to do; fuch perfon being thereof lawfully convicted, either on confeffion, or upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace where fuch offence (hall be committed, fhall forfeit any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings; one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moi -ety to the ufe of the poor of the parifh or place where fuch offence fhall be committed; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods “ and chattels of fuch offender, by warrant from fuch juftice or juftices, returning the overplus (if any) upon demand, after fuch forfeiture and charges of fuch diftrefs fhall be fatisfied; and if any charge fhall be brought upon any parifh or place, by means of any fuch offence, the fame (hall be anfwered to the faid parifh or place by fuch offender, and be levied by diftrefs and fale of his or their goods and chattels as aforefaid : and if fufficient dif-

Hosted by Google

Beggars with children howto be ordered.

How to order women delivered of children in the ftieet.

Perfons ag-grieved may appeal to the next general or quarter fdfions.

Anho dedrnb feptlmo Georgii II. c. 5.	[x744.

trefs cannot be founds fuch offender (hall be committed to the houfe of correction by the juftice or juftices, for any time not exceeding one month.

XXIV.	And whereas perfons are often found offending againjl this aft) having children with them, whom they bring up in a dif-folute courfe of life, dejlrudllve to fuch children, and prejudicial to the kingdom, in which a race of diforderly perfons will i?tcreafe, if fuch children are fuffered to remain with fuch offenders: be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuch child, above the age of feven years, fhall be committed to the houfe of correction as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for the juftices at the quarter feffions, if they fee convenient, at any time before fuch child be difcharged, to order fuch child to be placed out in fuch manner as they fhall think fit, as a fervant or apprentice to any perfon within their refpe&ive jurifdietions, who is willing to take fuch child, to ferve fuch perfon till fuch child fhall arrive at the age of twenty one years, or for any lefs time, as to the faid juftices fhall feem meet: and if any offender, who was found with fuch child as aforefaid, fhall be again found with the fame child (which was fo placed out as aforefaid) offending againft this a6t, fuch offender fhall be deemed an incorrigible rogue.

XXV.	And whereas women wandering and beggings are often delivered of children in parifhes and places to which they do not belong, ivhereby they become chargeable to the fame; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That where any fuch woman fhall be fo delivered, and become chargeable, it fhall and may be lawful for the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh or place, to detain fuch woman in their cuftody, until they can fafely convey her to fome juftice of the peace, who fhall examine her, and commit her to the houfe of correction, until the next general or quarter feffions, who may (if they fee convenient) order her to be publickly whipt, and detained in the houfe of correction, for any further time, not exceeding fix months; and upon application by the churchwardens or overfeers of the place, where file was fo delivered, the juftices at fuch feffions fhall order the treafurer of the county or diftrict to pay them fuch a fum of money as fhall be adjudged a reafonable fatisfaction for the charges fuch place has been put to on fuch woman’s account; and if fuch woman fhall be detained and conveyed to a juftice as aforefaid, the child of which fhe is delivered, if a baftard, fhall not be fettled in the place where fo born, nor be fent thither for want of other fettlement, by a pafs, by virtue of this acft, but the fettlement of fuch woman fhall be deemed the fettlement of fuch child ; any law to the contrary notwitbftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That any perfons aggrieved by any a<5l of any juftice or juftices of the peace out of feffions, in or concerning the execution of this acft, may appeal to the next general or quarter feffions of

the

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Gegrgii II. C. 5.	159

the county, riding, liberty or divifion, giving reafonable notice thereof, whofe order thereupon (hall be final.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That This ad not in all cities and towns, where, by virtue of fpecial ads of par- to alter the liament, the charge of palling vagrants is to be defrayed in other ma^ervaf manner than is by this ad direded, or where fuch vagrants, by g^antf, as~ virtue of fpecial ftatutes, are to be apprehended and conveyed fettled by fpe-to the places whither they are to be fent by any perfon or per- cial ads. fons, or officers, other than thofe named for that purpofe in this

ad, fuch charge (hall be borne and defrayed in fuch cities and towns in like manner as before the making of this ad; and the perfon or officer liable to fuch fervice in the faid cities and towns, by virtue of the faid fpecial ads of parliament, (hall continue liable, as if this ad had never been made; and if any perfon fhall be delivered to a bedel or conftable within the city or liberties of the city of London, to be conveyed on, as direded by this ad, the faid bedel or conftable fhall not deliver fuch perfon in any other precind within the faid city or liberties, but in the next county, as direded by this ad.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadcd by the authority afore- How to order faid, That where any perfons offending againft this ad, have vagrants, been committed, as aforefaid, to the houfe of corredion, there w^es^eat^ to remain until the next general or quarter feffions, if upon bTfo^nd?110 the examination of the perfons fo committed as aforefaid, no

place can be found to which they may be fent by a pafs as aforefaid, the faid juftices (hall at the laid feffions order fuch perfons to be detained and employed in the houfe of corredion, until they can provide for themfelves, or until the juftices of the peace, at their general or quarter feffions, can place them out in fome lawful calling, as fervants, apprentices, foldiers, mariners or otherwife, either within this realm, or his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, which the faid feffions are impowered to do in fuch manner as they fhall think fit.

XXIX.	Provided always, That this ad or any thing therein Provifo for the contained, or any authority thereby given, fhall not in any heirs or af-wife extend to difinherit, prejudice or hinder the heirs or affigns hgnsof Joha of John Dutton of Dutton, late of the county of Chejiei\ efquire, utton* deceafed, their heirs or affigns, for, touching or concerning the

liberty, privilege, pre-eminence or authority, jurifdidion or inheritance, which they, their heirs or affigns, now lawfully ufe, or have, or lawfully may, or ought to ufe, within the county palatine of Chejier, and county of Chejler, or either of them, by reafon of any ancient charters of any kings of this land, or by reafon of any prefcription, or lawful ufage, or title whatfoever.

XXX.	And for the better execution of this ad, be it further cjaufe CO!U

enaded by the authority aforefaid, That upon the prefentment of cerning ere&-the grand jury or grand juries at the affizes, great feffion, or ge- \ng or enlarge neral gaol delivery, held for any county or liberty, that there is	of

no houfe of corredion; and that it will be neceffary to provide

one or more houfe or houfes of corredion in any fuck county,

•	or

Hosted by Google

160	Anno dccimo feptimo Georgii II. c.5.	[1744*

or in any riding, liberty, or divifion, in any fuch county; or that the houfe or houfes of correction already provided therein refpeCtively, is or are not fufficient, and that it will be neceffary to provide one or more houfe or houfes of correction there, or that fuch houfe or houfes of correction is or are not fufficient or convenient, or want to be enlarged ; the juftices of the peace of any county, riding, liberty, or divifion, being at the general or quarter feffions affembled, (hall have full power and authority to build, ereCt, or enlarge, one or more fit or convenient houfe or houfes of correction, or to buy or hire one or more fit or convenient houfe or houfes for that purpofe, with a convenient backfide or outlet, or convenient backfides or outlets thereto adjoining, or to purchafe land, and ereCt fuch houfe or houfes of correction upon part thereof, and to lay out the reft of fuch land for fuch backfide or backfides, outlet or outlets, within any fuch county, riding, liberty, or divifion, according to the true intent and effeCt of fuch prefentment; and the faid juftices, being fo affembled at the general or quarter feffions* may and fhall conclude and agree upon railing fuch fums of money, as upon examination of able and fufficient workmen, or any other perfons, fhall appear to be neceffary for building, ereCting, or enlarging fuch houfe or houfes of correction, or for purchafing or hiring a houfe, houfes, or land (if thought neceffary) for that purpofe : and if it fhall be thought neceffary for that purpofe, to buy or purchafe any houfe, houfes, or land ; the houfe, houfes, or land fo purchafed, fhall be conveyed to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid juftices fo affembled at their general or quarter felfions, fhall think fit, in truft and for the ufe and purpofes aforefaid.

Houfes of cor- XXXI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, region to be That the juftices of the peace of any county, riding, city, bo-iia^emenVof'" rough> town-corporate, divifion, or liberty, at their general or the juftices j quarter feffions, fhall and are hereby required, from time to time, to take effectual care that the houfes of correction already provided, or hereafter to be provided, within the limits of their except tbofe refpeCtive jurisdictions, except fuch houfes of correction as have maintained by been, or fhall be ereCted or maintained by any particular founder dersatC f°Un~ or f°unders> fhall be duly fitted up, furnifhed andfupplied with fufficient implements, materials, and furniture, for keeping, relieving, fetting to work, employing, and correcting ail idle and diforderly perfons, rogues, vagabonds, incorrigible rogues, and others, who fhall be fent to, confined, or continued in the fame ; and two of the juftices of the peace within the refpeClive hundreds, divifions, or jurifdiCtions, where there fhall be any houfe or houfes of correction, or any two juftices who fhall be appointed at the general or quarter feffions for that purpofe, fhall and are hereby required to vifit the fame twice* or oftner if need be, in every year, and to examine into the eftate and management thereof, and to report the fame to the next general or quarter feffions; to the intent, that if any tbing.be amifs therein, the fame may, by order of fuch general or quarter feffions,

be

Hosted by Google

1744-1 Anno declmo feptimo Georgii II. C.5.	161

be reformed and amended; and the faid juftices at their refpec-tive general or quarter feftions, flialJ have the like power and authority over the houfes of correction to be erected or pur-chafed by virtue of this a<t, as they have by virtue of any Jaw now in force, over thofe already erected and provided ; and fur- Matters of ther, that if the faid governors or mailers of the faid houfes of h°ufes of cor-correction (hall not fet or keep the faid idle and diforderly per-fons, rogues, vagabonds, or incorrigible rogues to hard labour, behaviour * and punilh and correct them according to the directions of the warrants or orders by which they fhall be committed to, or detained in their cuftody, or (hall otherwife mifbehave themfelves, or be defective, remits, or negligent in their duty; the faid juftices, at their faid general or quarter feftions, are hereby required to fet and impofe fuch fines and penalties upon them, as they fhall think fit and convenient, in the fame manner as fines and penalties may be fet and impc-fed on governors or mailers of houfes of correction, for the neglect therein mentioned, by an act of parliament pafled in the feventh year of the reign of King James the Firft, intituled, An a A for the due execution ofi I# c' 4* -divers laws and Jiatutes heretofore made againft rogues, vagabonds, and fturdy beggars, and other leud and idle perfoiis; which fines and penalties fhall be paid to the treafurer of the county, riding, liberty, or divifion, and fhall be accounted for by him as part of the publick or county flock; and the faid juftices at their re- 0r turned out, fpedlive general or quarter feftions, may from time to time ap- at the difere-point and remove the governor or governors, mafter or mafters, ^P11 °f iu~ or other officers of fuch houfes of correction, and make fuch ‘tlces*

-orders and regulations as they fhall think fit, for the better governing and regulating of the faid houfes of correction, and for employing, relieving, and punifhing the perfons therein, or for fending them to or from thence, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; which faid order or orders of fuch juftices fhall be final to all intents and purpofes, and no Certiorari fhall be granted for the removal of the fame : and in cafe the perfon or perfons removed by order of any general or quarter feftions, fhall refufe or neglect to quit the pofteflion of fuch houfe of correction, from whence he or they are ordered to be removed, for the fpace of ten days next after notice given him or them in writing by the clerk of the peace; it fhall and may be lawful to and for any two or more juftices of the peace of the fame comm ty, riding, divifion, or place (upon producing to them fuch order of feftions, or an attefted copy thereof, and upon oath made • before them by one or more credible witnefs or witneftes, of fuch notice having been given to the perfon or perfons fo removed, and of his or their having refufed or neglected to quit pofteflion) by warrant under their hands and feals, to direct the -fheriff of the fame county, riding, divifion, or place, to remove . him or them out of fuch houfe of correction, and he is hereby - authorized and required to clear the poffeftion thereof, in like .

, manner as upon.a writ of Habere facias pojfejfonem.

XXXII.	And whereas doubts have art fen3 and may arife, where . . Vql. XVIII.	M	authority

Hosted by Google

5^2	Anno	decimo	feptlmo	Georgii II. c. 5:	[1744.

authority is given to any jujlice or juftice of the peace, to commit offenders to the houfe of correction for offences cognizable before them, out of the general or quarter feffons of the peace, how long offenders may be there detained, and in what manner treated, where the time and manner of their punifment is not by law exprefy directed, limit-ed, or appointed ; be it therefore enabled by the authority afore-Powerofju- faid, That where any offenders fhall be committed as aforefaid, ibces in com- by virtue of any law now in being, or hereafter to be made, and Ser$lng °^en" the time and manner of their punifhment is not exprefly limited, directed, and appointed, the faid juftice or juftices fhall commit fuch offender to the houfe correction, there to be kept to hard labour until the next general or quarter feftions, or until difcharged by due courfe of Jaw; and it fhall and may be lawful for two juftices (of which the juftice who committed fuch offender to be one) to difcharge .the faid offender before the faid feffions, if they fee caufe; and if he fhall not be fo difcharged, the faid feffions may either difcharge him, or continue him in cufto-dy for fuch time as they fhall fee fit, not exceeding three months.

XXXIII.	And to defray the expences of apprehending, paf-fing, conveying, and maintaining rogues, vagabonds, and in-

. corrigible rogues, and likewife the expences of ere&ing, pur-chaftng, hiring, enlarging, altering, and repairing houfes of correction, and of purchafing land to ereCl them upon, and for backfides and outlets, and of fitting up and furnifhing fuch houfes of correction, and of fending perfons to and from the fame, and employing them there, according to the.directions of this aCt, and for defraying all other expences neceffary for the execution of this aCt, not herein before provided for; be it fur-Juftices to ther enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of the raife money to peace at the general or quarter feftions, may and fhall caufe fuch penTe^by*" ^ums money as fhall be neceffary for all or any of the pur-rates as dire£t- pofes aforefaid, to be railed in the fame manner as rates are died by	reeled to be raifed by an aCt made in the twelfth year of the

i2,Geo.2.c.29. rejgn 0f bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An aCt for the more eafy ajffftng, collecting and levying of county rates.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall be fued for any matter or thing which he or they (hall do in execution of this aCt, he

General blue. or they may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if a verdiCt fhall pals for the defendant, or the plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his fuit, the defend-Treble colls, ant may recover treble cofts ; and that this aCt fhall be deemed to commence from the ftrft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four; and from that time an aCt made in the ACt 13 Geo. 2. thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An c. 24. repealed. aCt for amending and enforcing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly per fens, a?id for reducing theffame into one a Cl of parliament; and alfo for amending the laws for erecting, providing, and regulating houfes of correction* fhall be, and is hereby repealed ; but all the aCis therein mentioned to be repealed, are hereby declared to be repealed, and continue repealed.

CAR

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 6,7.	163

CAP. VI*

An aft to impower his Majejly to fecure and detain fuch persons as his Majejly Jhall fufpedi are confpiring againft his per Jon and government.

WHEREAS this nation is threatened with an invafion by a French power, in concert with difaftftetted p erf on s at home, to the fubverfion of the protefant religion, and the laws and liberties of this kingdom $ for the better prefervation of his Majefty’s fa-tred perfon, and for fecuring the peace of the kingdom in this time of imminent danger; be it enacted, btc.

Perfons in prifon may be detained for treafon, or fufpidon, &c. until 29 April, 17440 Ad: againft wrongous imprilonmentsin Scotland fu (pended*

Provifo foi* privilege of parliament. EXP. .

CAP. VII.

An adi for taking and fwearing affidavits t‘o he made ufe of in any of the courts of the county palatine of Lancafter.

WHEREAS it hath been found inconvenient, that no perfon or perfons is or are impowered to grant cotfimiffions for the taking and fivearing of affidavits^ to be read and made ufe of in the court of Chancery of and for the county palatine of Lancafter, and in the courts of feffion held in and for the faid county palatine before his Majejly s jujlices, as well of pleas of the crown, as of common pleas, and all manner of pleas whatfoever within the faid county pa-latine, in the feveral matters and caufes depending in the faid courts-refpelively: for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons* in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Chancellor of the chancellor of the dutchy and county palatine of Lancafter, or the dutchy his vice chancellor of the faid county palatine for the time being, may give com-fhall and may, by one or more commiftion or commiflions un- [ake aftidavits. der the feal of the faid county palatine from time to time, as need (hall require, impower what and as many perfons as (hall be thought fit and neceflary to take and fwear all and every fuch affidavit and affidavits, as any perfon or perfons fhall be willing and defirous to make before any of the perfons fo impowered, in or concerning any caufe, matter* or thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or any wife concerning any of the proceedings to be in any of the faid courts, as mafters of Chancery in extraordinary do ufe to do* which faid affidavits taken as aforefaid, fhall be filed in the feveral and refpeblive offices of the faid courts the fame do concern; and the fame (hall and may be read and made ufe of in the faid refpebfive courts, to all intents and purpofes, as other affidavits taken in the faid courts now are; and that all and every affidavit and affidavits taken as aforefaid, fhall be of the fame force as affidavits taken in the faid re-fpe&ive courts now are; and all and every perfon and perfons,

M %	for-

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGIi II. c. 8. f 1744.

forfwearing him, her, or themfelves in fuch affidavit or affidavits, fhall incur and be liable unto the fame penalties, as if fuch affidavit or affidavits had been made and taken in open court: which faid commiffions (hall be made out by the curfitors of the faid county palatine, upon a fiat or warrant from the faid chancellor or vice chancellor; and the faid curfitors fhall caufe entries to be made in a book to be kept for that purpofe, of the names of the perfons to whom fuch commiffions are from time to time granted, and the refpedive times when iffiied; and the follow-' Fees for taking jng fees (ball be paid for each commiffion, and no more; to wit, coramii 10ns.	^ fum tWQ (billings for the hat or warrant, the fum of four

fhillings for making out the faid commiffion, befides the King's duty, and the value of the parchment, and the fum of four fhillings for fealing the fame; and every commiffioner, or perfon fo impowered, fhall take and receive for the fwearing of every affidavit before him, the fum or fee of one (hilling, and no more.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That fuch rrovno. officers of the faid courts refpedtively as have heretofore taken or fworn affidavits, fhall and may continue lb to do in the fame manner as if this a<fb had not been made.

CAP. VIII.

An att to prevent the committing of abufes in the weighing and packing of buttery in the tozvn and borough of New Malton in the county of York.

\AT H E R E A S great quantities of butter made and produced in feveral parts of the county of York, are brought into the town and borough of New Malton, where there is a navigable river, in order to be from thence tranfported beyond the feas, and oiherwife fold and difpofed of: and whereas there hath been for time out of mind a free market for butter within the faid town and borough of New Malton; but there is not {as in fome other adjacent markets) any particular place provided and appointed within the faid town and borough, to which fuch butter /load be brought, in order to be fearch-ed, weighed, and fealed before the fame be fold at the faid market; and for want of which, great frauds and impojitions have been made and committed by fever al farmers, dairymen, and other perfons trading in butter, which hath tended to the difparagement of the faid commodity, in the markets both at home and abroad, and to the great prejudice of the fair dealer, and of the butter trade in genral: wherefore, for preventing fuch frauds and abufes for the future, and for the better encouraging the faid butter trade; may it pleafe your rnoft excellent Majefty, at the humble requeft of the borough bailiff, and inhabitants of the faid borough of New Malton, and of feveral other perfons redding near the faid borough, that it may be enacted, &c.

Borough bailiff to appoint the place where the market is to be kept. Duty for fearching, weighing* &c. Penalty for not bringing butter to market. Officer for fearching, &c. to be appointed by the bailiff.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

5744*1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii IT. c. 9,—11.	165

CAP. IX.

An a£l for repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Bufh Common, in the parifh of Harlow in the county of Effex, to Stump Crofs, in the parifh of Great Chefterford in the faid county,.

Certain tolls granted for 21 years

CAP. X,

An a61- for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft paffed in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Chappel on the Heath in the county of Oxon, to the quarry above Bourton on the Hill in the county of Gloucefter.

The aft 4 Geo. 2. c. 23. continued for 21 years.

CAP. XL

An aft for raifing and eftablifhing a fund for a provifon for the widows and children of the minijlers of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and mafters of the univerfities of Saint Andrew5/, Glafgow, and Edinburgh.

WHEREAS the widows and children of the minijlers of the

church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and maf- Ame?ided by 22 ters, in the univerfities in that part of Great Britain called Scot- Geo. c. 21. Jand, are often left in indigent circumfanees, without any provifon for their fuhffence or education: and whereas all the charitable de~ figns, that have hitherto been propofed for the relief of fuch widows and orphans, have proved ineffectual: and, whereas the general affem-bly of the church of Scotland, after confutation had with all the minifen of the faid church, did, by their aft dated the twenty third day of May, one thoufand /even hundred and forty three, approve of a plan or method for providing for the widows and children of the minifers of the church of Scotland, whereby the faid minifers are to pay out of their fipends, at their option, fome one of the annual rates following, videlicet, tivo pounds twelve Jhillings and fix pence, or three pounds eighteen Jhillings and nine pence, or five pounds five fillings, or fix pounds eleven J,hillings and three pence, of laivful money of Great Britain, to be applied to the payment of life-rent annuities to the refpeftive widoivs of fuch minijlers, amounting to ten pounds, or fifteen pounds, or twenty pounds, or twenty five pounds, of like money, in proportion to fuch of the faid annual rates as they fall refpeftively have paid; and alfo to the making provifon refpeft-ivcly for the children of the faid minif ers, amounting to the jum of" one hundred pounds, or of one hundred and fifty pounds, or of two hundred pounds, or of two hundred and fifty pounds, of like money, and in the like proportion: and whereas it was intended by the afore-faid aft of ajfembly, that the heads, principals, and majlers of the four univerfities in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Jhould be comprehended in the aforejaid charitable defign, provided that the faid univerfities did agree thereto: and whereas the univerfty of Edinburgh did apply to the faid general ajfembly, and the univerfities of

M 3	Saint

166	Anno	decimo	feptimo	Geqrgii II. c. ji? [1744^

Saint Andrew’s and Glafgow did fever ally apply to the commijfion of the general affembly, that their refpeftive heads, principals, and wafers, might be comprehended in the faid intended charitable deftgn; and whereas the /aid charitable deftgn cannot be effectually carried into execution, without the aid of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacfted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-Minifters and r^Y °f t^e fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of heads of col- March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, every mini-leges,fubjeftto fier, who ("hall be prdained and admitted to a benefice in the aamial rates. church of Scotland, and every perfon who fhall be admitted as head, principal, or mafter, in aqy of the faid univerfities of Saint Andrew's, Glafgow, and Edinburgh, and who was not on or before the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, a minifter having right to a benefice iq. the church of Scotland, or a head, principal, or mafter in any of the faid univerlities of Saint Andrew's, Glafgow, or Edinburgh, fhall be fubjedt and liable to one or other of the annual rates following, videlicet, either to the fum of two pounds twelve (hiU lings and fix pence, or of three pounds eighteen (hillings and nine pence, or of five pounds five (hillings, or of fix pounds eleven (hillings and three pence, of lawful money of Great Britain, and proportionably for an half year, payable at the terms after mentioned, and in the option or the faid minifters, heads, principals, and other mafters refpe&ively, to be made within the time, and in the manner herein after dire&ed.

II. And be it enabled by the authority aforeftid, That every \y.hen t0 be fuch minifter, who fhall be ordained and admitted to a benefice *>ai *	in the church of Scotland, and every perfon who (hall be admitted

to the office of head, principal, or mafter, in any of the faid three univerfities, after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and who was not before entitled to fuch benefice or office, fhall, at the term of Candlemas next after his admiffion and sftgr he hath enjoyed and had right to his benefice or falary refpe&ively for one whole year, make payment of one year’s rate, and fo from thenceforth yearly, at the faid term of Candlemas, during his life; and in cafe he, at the term of Candlemas next after his admiffion, hath or fhall have enjoyed, and had right to his faid benefice or falary refpec-tively, only for one half year, he fhall only be liable at the faid firft term of Candlemas to the payment of one half of the faid yearly rate, and to the full year’s rate at the term of Candlemas next thereafter; and to the like rate yearly at each term of Candlemas, during his life ; all which rates fhall be paid to the general collector or receiver herein after appointed, at his office in Edinburgh.

When h?(lf HI, And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if th$ rates only are ft id minifters of the church of Scotland, or the heads, princi-to be paid. pals, or other mafters in the aforefaid three univerfities, (hall,

at

Hosted by Google

1744*1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii IT. c. n.

at their refpedive deaths, have only right to one half of the benefice or falary of that year in which they happen to die, that one half of the faid yearly rate fhall be payable for that year, out of their benefice or falary, to the general collector or receiver herein after mentioned, at his office in Edinburgh, at the term of Candlemas, which fhall be firft after the death of the faid minifters, heads, principals, or matters refpedively; and the other half lhall be payable by thofe having right to the ann, or where no ann is due, by the heirs and executors of the minifter, head, principal, or matter in the faid three univerfitiep refpedively, who was liable to the faid yearly rate during his life, in the manner herein after directed.

IV.	And be it enadedby the authority aforefaid, That every for the

minitter who fhall be ordained, or admitted to	a benefice in the	of*Coh.

church of Scotland, and every head, principal,	or other matter, leges to	give

s who fhall be admitted into any of the faid three univerfities after notice ot the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thouland feven hun- rates* dred and forty four, fhall make his eledion of one of the four above mentioned yearly rates, to which he choofes to be fubjed, during his life, by a writing figned by him,	addrefted to the

truftees herein after appointed, and which he	fhall deliver, or

caufe to be delivered, at the general colledor or receiver’s office at Edinburgh, on or before the firft term of Candlemas, that fhall be after the faid minifter of the church of Scotland, or head, principal, or other matter in the faid three univerfities, fhall have right to one half year’s benefice or falary; and in default of giving fuch notice within the time aforefaid, fuch minifter, head, principal, or matter refpedively, negleding to give notice as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and adjudged to have made his eledion of the annual rate of three pounds, eighteen fhillings, and nine pence, and fhall be liable to the aforefaid rate accordingly, during his life.

V.	Provided always, That the minifters of the church of Scot- Rules for the land^ whofe benefices are fituated in the weftern or in the north- minifters in ern ifles of Scotland, fhall be allowed to make their eledion in northern°ifle8 the manner aforefaid, at any time before the term of Candlemas, Gf Scotland. which fhall be next after they refpedively fhall have had right

to the benefice for one year and a half; and in default of their making their eledion within that time, they fhall be fubjeded to the aforefaid yearly rate of three pounds, eighteen fhillings, and nine pence.

VI.	Provided alfo, That the faid minifters fhall, at the next

term of Candlemas after they (hall have made their eledion, or in ^rovl °* default of making fuch eledion as aforefaid, make payment of the annual rates to which they are refpedively fubjeded, and which fhall have become due at the faid term.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Minifters, and That every minifter who now is entitled to a benefice in the lieacls in the church of Scotland, and every perfon who now enjoys the office ff^g^otfce^to pf head, principal, or matter, in any of the faid three univer- truftees with-

M	fities	in	6	months.

163

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. m [1744*

fities of Saint Andrew'Glafgoiv, or Edinburgh; or who (hall be admitted to a benefice in the church of Scotland, or to any of the aforefaid offices of head, principal, or matter, in any of the faid three univerfities, on or before the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, (hall, within fix calendar months after the faid twenty fifth day of March, give notice by a writing figned by him, addreffed to the truftees herein after appointed, which he fhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, at their general collector or receiver’s office in Edinburgh, that he will not be fubjedt to any of the yearly rates above mentioned, or will fubjedt himfelf to one or other of the faid yearly rates, declaring which of them he choofes to be fubjedt to; and in default of fuch notice, every fuch minifter of the church of Scotland, and every fuch head, principal, or matter, in any of the faid three univerfities, neglediing to give notice as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and adjudged to have made his election, and to be fubjedl to the annual rate of three pounds eighteen fhillings and nine pence, during his life.

Mini fie rs in	VIII. Provided always, That the minifters in the weftern and

Ne	\ f\e-* nort^ern ^es °f Scotland, may give notice as aforefaid, at any

in°iVmonths! ^me	eighteen calendar months after the faid twenty fifth

f day of March^ one thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

When the IX. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, rates are to be That the prefent minifters of the church of Scotland, and the paid.	prefent heads, principals, and matters of the aforefaid three u-

niverfities ; or who fhall be admitted minifters of the faid church, or heads, principals, or matters in any of the faid three univerfities on or before the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and who fhall be fubjedl to any of the aforefaid annual rates, by giving, or negledling to give notice as aforefaid, fhall pay their firft year’s rate to the general collector or receiver, to be appointed in the manner here-" in after diredled, at his office in Edinburgh, at the term of Candlemas, one thoufand feven hundred arrd forty four, and fo from thenceforth yearly thereafter, at each term of Candlemas, during their life ; and if fuch minifter, head, principal, or matter, fhall have right only to one half of the benefice or falary of the year in which he dies, the half year’s rate, payable by fuch minifter, head, principal, or other matter, fhall be paid to the general colledlor or receiver herein after mentioned, at his office in Edinburgh, at the firft term of Candlemas after his death, and the other half fhall be payable out of the ann, or by his or their heirs or executors, in manner after mentioned : and every fuch minifter, head, principal, or matter, fhall be liable for the firft year to an additional fum, equal to the yearly rate to which he fhall be fubjecfted, which fhall be paid to the general collector or receiver, to be appointed in manner herein after directed, at his office in Edinburgh, at the term of Candlemas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

Provifo.	X.	Provided always, That the minifters in the weftern and

northern ifles of Scotland^ who now are, or who fhall be admitted

to

Hosted by Google

1744O Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. n.	169

to a benefice in the faid church, before the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, fhall pay their double rate for the firft year, and their annual rate for the fecond year, at the term of Candlemas, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty five.

XI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fuch Affiflants.&c. jninifters of the church of Scotland, or fuch heads, principals, or to.be held ad-mafters in any of the faid univerfities, as are or fhall be ordain-

ed or admitted affiftants and fucceflors to the minifter, or to the *r right^a6

head, principal, or matter, having right to the benefice or falary full benefice.

refpedively, fhall, as to all the purpofes of this ad, be held as

admitted to a benefice in the church of Scotland, or to an office

in any of the faid univerfities, only from the time that any fuch

affiftant is or fhall be married, or when he fhall come to have

right to the full benefice or falary.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That every minifter of the church of Scotland, and every head, after marriage principal, and matter in any of the faid three univerfities, who fhall be fub-fhall be admitted into the faid benefice or office refpedively, jed to a fum after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven e(lual *° hls hundred and forty four, and who is or fhall be married, fhall, annua rate* in refped of his marriage, be fubjed and liable to a fum equal to his annual rate, and to the like fum for each fucceeding marriage : which fums, payable in refped of the marriage of a minifter of the faid church, head, principal, or matter in any of the faid three univerfities, fhall be paid over and above the annual rate itfelf, at the firft term of Candlemas, which fhall be one full year after fuch marriage, and his admiffion into the faid benefice or office refpedively, to the general collector or receiver herein after appointed, at his office in Edinburgh.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Snifter See That every minifter of the church of Scotland, and every head, fut>je& to fe-principal, and matter, in any of the faid three univerfities, that veral fums for now is, or who fhall be admitted on or before the faid twenty federal marri-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, a&es»

and who fhall become fubjed to one or other of the aforefaid annual rates, and who fhall marry after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, fhall refpedively be liable to a fum equal to his yearly rate in refped of his marriage, and to the like fum for every marriage after; wfiich refpedive fums fhall be paid, over and above the refpedive annual rates, at the firft term of Candlemas, which fhall be one full year after fuch refpedive marriages, to the general collector or receiver herein after appointed, at his office in Edinburgh.

XIV.	Provided always, That if any minifter of the faid Provifo. church, head, principal, or mafter in the faid univerfities, (hall happen to marry a widow intitled to an annuity in purfuance of

this ad ; fuch minifter, head, principal, or mafter, fhall not be fubjed to the payment of any fum in refped of fuch marriage.

XV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if Penalty on any of the minifters of the church of Scotland, or any of thenegiedof

heads, paying the rates.

Hosted by Google

What (hall be paid on the death of a minilter, &c.

Rates on vacancies.

i jo	Anno	decimo	feptima	Georgii II. c. n. [1744.

heads, principals, or matters in the faid three univerfities, fhail negle6t to pay the annual or other rates due by them refpecftive-* ly, at the terms herein before appointed; fuch minitter of the church, and fuch head, principal, or matter in any of the faid univerfities, neglecting to pay as aforefaid, (hall be fubject and liable to the lawful intereft of fuch fums remaining unpaid by him or them refpedtively, from and after the refpective terms of payment,

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That upon the death of any minitter of the church of Scotland, or of any head, principal, or matter in any of the faid three univerfities, who was fubject: to one of the yearly rates above mentioned, a fum equal to one half of his yearly rate fhail be due and payable for the half year immediately after his death, by thofe who have a right to the ann, where the ann is by law competent; and where no ann is competent, the fame fhail be paid by his heirs and executors.

XVII.	And be it further enactted by the authority aforefaid. That every benefice of the church of Scotland, and every office of head, principal, or matter in any of the faid three univerfities that are now vacant, or that fhail become vacant, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, fhail be fubjectt and liable to the fum of five pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, for every half year that the vacancy (hall continue; and every fuch benefice and office that fhail become vacant after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, (hall be fubjedt and liable to the fum of two pounds ten fhillings of like money, for every half year during fuch vacancy.

To whom the XVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ra?eTa°eto be That the rates before-mentioned, payable out of the ann and paid.	vacant	benefices	of	the church of Scotland, (hall be paid to the

prefbytery, within whofe bounds the benefices refpedlively lie, or to the collector to be by them appointed, by the heritors and Others liable to the payment of the ann, and of the vacant fti-pends refpedlively; and the faid refpetftive prefbyteries are hereby impowered and required to levy the aforefaid rates, payable in refpedl of the ann, and of the vacant benefices within their bounds; and to pay the fame to the general colledlor or receiver, to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, at his office in Edinburgh, within fix calendar mortths ^fter the ann and vacant ftipends fhail be due and payable.

XIX. Provided always. That the prelbyteries in the weftern Provifo. and northern files of Scotland (hall be allowed twelve calendar months, for paying into the general collector or receiver, at his office in Edinburgh, the refpeclive fums due out of the ann and vacant ttipends within their bounds, from the refpeettive times Where the re- at which the ann and vacant ftipends are payable, prefentatives XX. And be it further ena61ed by the authority aforefaid, of a deceafed That the aforefaid fums payable by the reprefentatives of the par fiie^acant ^ea<^s? principals, or matters, in the faid three univerfities, in lalaries.	rcfpe<St

Hosted by Google

1744-] Anno decimo feptimo Geor6ii II. c. it.	ift

,refpe£l to the half year, immediately after the death of any of the members of the faid univerfities, fubjedl to any of the yearly rates above mentioned, and the fums payable in refpedt of the vacant falaries in the faid univerfities, fhall be paid by the reprefentatives of the deceafed member of the faid univerfity, and by thofe liable to the payment of the vacant falaries reflectively, to the univerfity of which he was a member, and where the vacancy is ; and the faid univerfities refpedlively are hereby impowered and required to levy the fums due by the reprefentatives of their deceafed member, and out of the faid vacant falaries ; and to pay, or caufe the fame to be paid to the general collector or receiver, at his office in Edinburgh^ to be appointed jn the manner herein after directed, within fix calendar months qfter the deceafe of their member, and after the faid vacant falaries (hall from time to time fall due.

XXL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Application That the aforefaid annual rates, and other fums payable by the of the money, minifters of the church of Scotland, and by the heads, principals , and mailers, in the aforefaid three univerfities, and the fums payable by the reprefentatives, and out of the ann, or other-wife, and alfo the fums payable put of the vacant ftipends or falaries in the manner herein before directed, (hall be applied by order and direction of the truftees herein after named, and their fucceffors, to the ufes and purpofes after mentioned, videlicet ; in the firft place, there fhall be paid a fum not exceeding two hundred and ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain yearly, for the falaries of the general collector or receiver, and the clerk, to be chofen in the manner herein after directed ; and in the fecond place, after payment of the faid falaries, the remainder pf the faid feveral fums aforefaid, fhall be applied to the payment of an annuity to the widow of every minifter of the church pf Scotland, and of every head, principal or mailer, in any of the faid three univerfities, who hath been fubjedl and liable to one or other of the annual rates above mentioned, in proportion to the rate to which the refpedlive widow’s deceafed hufband was liable, in manner following; that is to fay, if the hufband was liable to the annual rate of two pounds twelve (hillings and Manner of fix pence, his widow (hall be intitled to an annuity of ten Payin.g die pounds; and if the hufband was liable to the annual rate Qf annuities, three pounds eighteen (hillings and nine pence, his widow (hall be entitled to an annuity of fifteen pounds ; and if the' hufband was liable to the annual rate of five pounds five (hillings, his widow fhall be entitled to an annuity of twenty pounds ; and if {he hufband’s annual rate was fix pounds eleven (hillings and three pence, his widow’s annuity fhall be twenty five pounds of lawful money of Great Britain ; which refpedlive annuities lhall be computed to commence from the firft term of Whitfunday or Martinmas, which lhall be one full half year after the hufband’s death; and fhall from thenceforth be due at each term of Whit-Junday and Martinmas, by equal portions; and the firft year’s or half year’s annuity refjpedtively fhall be payable at the firft term

6	of

Q

IJ2

Annuity to ceafe on widow’s death or marriage.

If no widow, a fum to be divided a-mong the children.

Of widows dying or marrying, and of children under age.

When the children fhall be paid their lums.

Difpofition of the furplufles*

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH II. c.n. '[1744.

of Whit fun day, which fhall be a full year or a full half year re-fpeCively after the commencement of the faid annuity ; and the faid annuity fhall fo continue payable yearly, at the faid term of TVhitfunday, during the widow’s life, and her continuing unmarried ; and upon her death or marriage, her faid annuity fhall ceafe to be due for any terms that fhall happen after her death or marriage.

XXII.	And be it further enaCed by the authority aforefaid. That every minifter of the church of Scotland, and every head, principal, or mafter in any of the faid three univerfities, who (hall have been fubjeC to one or other of the aforefaid annual rates, and who lhall die, not leaving a widow, but one or more children, fuch child or children fhall be entitled to a fum equal to ten years annuity, that would have been payable to their father’s widow ; which fum, in cafe there be more children than one, fhall be equally divided amongft them.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCed by the authority aforefaid. That if the widow of any minifter of the church of Scotland, or of any head, principal, or mafter in any of the faid three univerfities, entitled to an annuity as aforefaid, fhall happen to die, or to be married, before the lapie of ten years after the commencement of her annuity, and whole hufband (hall have left a chil4 or children, who, at the faid widow’s death or marriage, lhall be under the age of fixteen years, fuch child or children, under the age of fixteen years, fhall be entitled to fuch a fum of money as fhall be equal to ten years of the faid widow’s annuity, deducing fo much thereof as fhall have been received by the widow; which fum fhall be equally divided among the faid children, if there happen to be more than one child.

XXIV.	And be it enaCed by the authority aforefaid, That the proviflons due to the children of minifters of the church of Scotland, or to the children of the heads, principals, or mafters in the faid three univerfities, upon the death of their refpeCive fathers, or upon the death or marriage of his widow, and which fhall become due after the twenty fifth day of March, one thou-fand feven hundred and forty four, and before or on the term of Martinmas, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, (hall be payable at the term of TVhitfunday, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix ; and the provifions that fhall become due to fuch children after the term of Martinmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and before or on the term of Martinmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, (hall be paid at the term of TVhitfunday, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven; and jo in all time to come, the provifions that fhall become due to the children after one term of Martinmas, and before or on another, (hall be payable at the term of TVhitfunday next following.

XXV.	And be it further enaCed by the authority aforefaid. That the furplus of the faid annual rates, and of the other fums, payable by the minifters of the church of Scotland, and by the heads, principals, and mafters in the faid three univerfities,

and

Hosted by Google

3 741-] Anri6 decimo feptimo GeoRGII II. c, 11.	1^3

and by their refpedtive representatives, and out of the ann, or o-therwife, and out of the vacant Stipends or falaries, in manner aforefaid, after payment of the annual expence of management, and of the annuities payable to the widows, and of the provisions payable to the children, in manner above directed,

Shall, at the term of Whitfutiday yearly, be lent out to the minifters of the church of Scotland\ and to the heads, principals, and mafters in the faid three univerfities, who Shall have become Subject to one or other of the aforefaid annual rates, in manner herein before-mentioned, to the amount of thirty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to each minister of the Said church, and to each head, principal, and mafter in the faid three univerfities (which minister, head, principal, or mafter, is hereby obliged to receive the fame) in fuch order as Shall from time to time be appointed by an act or a<5ts of the general affem-bly of the church of Scotland; and in default of fuch appointment, in fuch order as the truftees herein after named Shall direct, until every minister of the church of Scotland ; and every head, principal, and other mafter in the faid three universities, who Shall have become fubjedt to one or other of the aforefaid annual rates. Shall have received the aforefaid Sum of thirty pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, On receipt of That upon the receipt of the aforefaid fum of thirty pounds, the the money, minister of the church of Scotland, and the head, principal, or minlfter> &c* mafter in any of the faid three univerfities, fo receiving the ^^ecute a fame, Shall refpedtively execute a deed, obliging himfelf, his

heirs, executors, and fucceffors, that upon his ceafing to have right to the benefice or office, in refpedt whereof he had received the aforefaid fum, whether by translation or promotion, deprivation or refignation, death, or any other manner or way, he Shall repay the aforefaid fum of thirty pounds to the general collector or receiver, to be appointed in manner herein after di-redled, at his office at Edinburgh, with lawful intereft for the fame, from the term TVhitfunday or Martinmas, immediately preceding his ceafing to have right to his benefice or office re-, fpe&ively, during the nonpayment; and further obliging himfelf, and his aforefaid heirs, executors, and fucceSTors, to pay the intereft of the aforefaid fum of thirty pounds, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annumy to the faid general collector or receiver, at the term of Candlemas yearly, at his office at Edinburgh, from and after his receipt of the aforefaid fum, during his continuing in poSTeffion of the benefice or office respectively, in refpedt whereof he received the fame.

XXVII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Receiver Shaft the faid general collector or receiver, receiving the aforefaid P3^ the mo~ thirty pounds from a minifter of the faid church, or from a ^ office ‘ head, principal, or mafter in any of the faid three universities, who Shall exe-or from their heirs refpedtively, Shall pay the fame over to their cute a deed, refpecftive fucceffors in office, who are hereby obliged to receive

the fame, and who Shall execute a deed for repayment of the

prin-

Hosted by Google

Vacant fala-ries fubjeft to interelt of the money received at 4.1. per cent.

Vearly rates fhall be privileged debts.

Rule for deductions.

Future fur-plufTes fhall be lent on fe-curity, at 4 1. per cent,

Anno decimb feptimo GEoRGII II. c.ii.	[1744;

principal futn and intereft, in the fame form and manner a with refpe<5t to their predeceflors in office, is above directed.

XXVIII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the time that any minifter of the church of Scotland,, or any headj principal, or matter, in any of the faid three univerttties, fhall have received the aforefaid furri of thirty pounds, the vacant ttipend or falary of fuch .minifter, head, principal, or matter refpe&ively, fhall be fubje£t to the intereft of the faid fum of thirty pounds, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* That the forefaid yearly rates, and other fums, payable by the prefent and future minifters of the church of Scotland, and by the prefent and future heads, principals, and matters in the faid three univerfities, and the forefaid rates payable by the heirs and executors of the laid heads, principals, and matters in the aforefaid univerfities, and the aforefaid fum of thirty pounds to be delivered to the faid minifters, and to the heads, principals, and matters in the faid three univerfities, with the intereft thereof, fhall be privileged debts, and preferable to all other debts of the faid minifters, and of the heads, principals, or matters in the faid univerfities, not only upon their benefices and falaries re-fpebtively, but alfo upon their whole other perfonal eftate; and that the aforefaid rates, payable out of the ann and vacant benefices and falaries refpebtively, (hall be a preferable debt and burden upon the ann and vacant benefices and falaries, to all other debts and burdens 5 any law or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid general collector or receiver, at the fight and direblion of the truftees herein after named, and their fucceffors, to retain and dedubl from the an-* nuity due to the widow^ or from the provifions due to the children of any minifter of the church, or of any head, principal or matter in any of the faid three univerfities, fuch fum or fums as fhall be due by the refpeblive deceafed hufband or father, or his heirs and executors, and which have not been, or cannot be, recovered from the deceafed, upon the faid general collector or receiver’s making over his claim and demand upon the deceafed, and his heirs and executors, with all the privileges and preferences thereunto belonging, in favour the widow and children refpebtively.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That after every minifter of the church of Scotland\ and every head, principal or matter in any of the faid three univerfities, who have become fubjebl to one or other of the aforefaid annual rates, fhall have received the aforefaid fum of thirty pounds fronl the yearly furplufles, in manner before direbled, all future fur-plufles fhall from time to time be lent out upon proper fecurity, fo as the fame may yield an intereft not under four pounds centum per annum, until a capital be made up of thirty five thou-

Hosted by Google

i75

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII II. c. u.

fand pounds of lawful money o( Great Britain, over and above the fums lent to mi aiders, and to the heads, principals and matters in the faid three univerfities, to the amount of thirty pounds each, as aforefaid, which capital being fo made, up, there (hall be no further increafe of the capital, but the fur-plufes arifmg in any one year, computing the year from Martinmas to Martinmas as aforefaid, fhall, at the Wlntfunday when fuch furpluftes fhall arife, be divided proportionally amongft all the children of the minifters of the faid church, and of the heads, principals and matters in the faid three univerfities, who* in refpectt of the death of their father, or the death or marriage of his widow within that year, fhall be then entitled to receive their provifions.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore* If the capital faid. That if the aforefaid capital of thirty -five thoufand be dimimftied, pounds, and fum of thirty pounds, lent to each minifter in

the church, and each head, principal and matter in thema e faid three univerfities as aforefaid, fhall hereafter happen to be diminifhed, either by the infolvency of debtors, or by any other accident whatfoever, fuch diminution fhall from time to time be made up by after-furpluffes, in the fame manner as the original capital and fums aforefaid were raifed and lent out.

XXXIII.	Provided always, That the capital fhall at no time Provifo. exceed the aforefaid fum of thirty five thouland pounds, and the

fum of thirty pounds lent to each minifter, and to each head, principal and matter in the faid three univerfities as aforefaid.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore* DireSHons, if , faid, That after the faid capital of thirty five thoufand pounds cha/Texceed is raifed, in the whole or in part, if in any year the charge of themcome! management, and the annuities to the widows, and the provifions to the children, fhall exceed the annual income, no in-croachment fhall, upon that account, be made upon the capital;

but fuch deficiency fhall firft attedt the children's provifions in the order of time in which they become due by the death of their father, or by the death or marriage of his widow; and the children, entitled to provifions in the fame year, fhall be preferred, and receive their provifions, according to the priority of their father's death, or of his widow's death or marriage; and, in the next place, fuch deficiency fhall affectt the annuities of the widows proportionably.	p	.f

XXXV.	Provided always. That fuch non-payment of, and ^rovi deduction from the children's provifions, and widows annuities rfcfpedtively, fhall be made good out of the firft and readied: of

the annual produce of the fucceeding year or years, in the order above mentioned; that is, after payment of the annual expence of management, the widows annuities, unpaid in the preceding year, fhall be paid and made good in the firft place; and afterwards the widows annuities of the current year; and after thofe the children's provifions of the former year, according to the priority of the death of their fathers, or of the death or marriage of their fathers widows*

XXXVI* Pro-

Hosted by Google

ij6

Minifter being a head, &c. fiiall be liable to one rate only.

Minifter, &c. to be fubje£t to the rates, tho' he ceafes to be minifter i

and his widow and children entitled.

Names of truftees.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. n. [1744,

XXXVI.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That when any minifter of the church of Scotland, entitled to a benefice, is alfo a head, principal or mafter in any of the faid three univerfities, and thereby entitled to a falary, fuch minifter, who is alfo a member of any of the faid univerfities (hall not be liable to double rates \ but (hall be only liable to one rate in refpedl of both offices.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadfed by the authority afore-faid, That every minifter of the church of Scotland, and every head, principal and mafter in any of the faid three univerfities, becoming liable to one or other of the aforefaid annual rates, (hall continue fubjedt thereunto during life, notwithftanding that he ceafe to be a minifter of the faid church, or a head, principal or mafter in any of the faid univerfities, by refignation, deprivation or any other manner or way; and his widow or children (hall continue entitled to their refpedlive provifions herein before fettled, notwithftanding that her hufband, or their father, was not at the time of his death, poffefied of any benefice in the church, or of any office or falary in any of the faid three univerfities.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the reverend mafter Neil MWiccar, one of the mi-nifters of the IVeJl Churchy mafter James Walker, one of the minifters of the Cannongate-y mafter John Gowdie, profeflbr of divinity in the univerfity of Edinburgh ; mafter George For dice, minifter at Cajierphin ; mafter Thomas Pitcairn, one of the * minifters of the Weft Church ; mafter James Stevenfotiy one of the minifters of South Leith; mafter George Lindfayy minifter at North Leith; mafter William Atkin, one of the minifters of South Leith \ mafter George Gibfony minifter at Collington; mafter David Mowbray, minifter at Currie; mafter John Jar din 9 minifter at Liber ton ; mafter Hugh Blair, one of the minifters of the Cannongate; dodtor William Wijhart, principal of the univerfity of Edinburgh ; mafter John Mat hiefon y mafter William Gujlarty mafter William Robertfony mafter John Hepburn, mafter Robert Wallace, mafter George Wijhart, mafter Alexander Webjler, minifters of Edinburgh, being all members of the prefbytery of Edinburgh, fhall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed truftees for levying and receiving the refpedlive annual rates, and other fums, payable by virtue of this adf, and for iffuing the fame for the purpofes herein before exprefied, and for lending out the furplufies to the minifters of the church of Scotland, and to the members of the aforefaid univerfities, in the manner herein before diredled, and for railing the aforefaid capital of thirty five thoufand pounds by loans, to be made at an intereft not lefs than four pounds per centum per annum, to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, and for uplifting the aforefaid capital, in whole or in part, and re-employing the fame from time to time, and for putting in execution all o-ther the powers in and by this adt given, during their continuing in their faid benefices and offices.

XXXIX.	And

Hosted by Google

1*744--] Anno dectmo feptimo GeorGH II. c. i r.	i/7

XXJtlX. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-Who may be

faid. That every other minifter of the prefbyteryof Edinburgh,	trU~

and every mailer in the univerfity of Edinburgh, that now is, or (hall hereafter be admitted into any of the faid benefices or offices, on or before the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thou-fand feven hundred and forty four, and who fhail be fubjecft to one or other of the aforefaid annual fates, (hall be, and are hereby appointed truftees for the execution of this acft, during their continuing in their refpe&ive benefices and offices, unlefs fuch minifter in the faid prefbytery, or matter in the faid univerfity, (hall, within fix calendar months from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thou fand feven hundred and forty four, give notice, by a writing figned by him, addrefted to the faid truftees, and which he (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered at the general collector or receiver's office in Edinburgh declaring that he declines to accept of the faid truft.

XL. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all minitters of the prefbytery of Edinburgh, and all heads, principals, and matters in the faid univerfity of Edinburgh, who the^thof (hall be admitted into their refpective benefices or offices after March, 174.4, the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hund- /hallbe tru~ red and forty four, (hall be, and they are hereby nominated and ftees-appointed truttees for the execution of this a<5t.

XLI. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, rnlni/teir That every minifter, having an office in any of the laid univer-	^

fities of Saint Andrew's and Glafgow, and every minifter in any univerfities of of the prefbyteries feats in Scotland, who (hall be fubjedt to any Saint Andrew one of the aforefaid annual rates, fhail be, and is hereby aP" pointed a truftee for the execution of this a<51, during their con- rautepL to tinuing in their faid refpedtive benefices and offices.	>	fhail be tru-

XLII. Provided always, and be it hereby enaefted, Thatitftees.

(hall and may be lawful to and for the aforefaid minitters potted- Matters, ed of offices in the faid univerfities of Saint Andrew's and Glaf- of refuling^ glow, and to the faid minitters in the prefbytery feats, to refufe and decline to accept of the faid truft, fo as fuch refufal be notified by a deed in writing, figned by the faid minitters refpec-tively, and given in to the laid truftees, or to their clerk, to be appointed in manner herein after directed, within fix calendar months after they have refpeeftively become liable to one or other of the annual rates before mentioned, and their admiffion to an office in any of the faid univerfities, or becoming minitters in prefbytery feats.

XLIII. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, partjclliar That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one truftecs to be thoufand feven hundred and forty four, it (hall and may be law- elected for ful for every prefbytery in Scotland (the prefbytery of Edinburgh one year* excepted) annually to eleeft one of their number, who is fubjefit to one or other of the annual rates before mentioned, to be a truftee for one year, commencing from the fir ft day of May, yearly : and that it (hall and may be lawful to each of the faid univerfities of Saint Andrew's and Glafgow, annually to' ele<5t Vol. XVIII.	N	two

Hosted by Google

lyg	Anno	decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. n. [1744*

two of their number, not being minifters, who are or fhall be fubjedt to one or other of the aforefaid annual rates, to be truf-tees for one year, commencing from the faid firft day of May* yearly ; and ending upon the firft day of May the year following-	.	...

Kefufal to be XLIV. Provided always, That it fhall be in the power of aaotify’d to the the annual truftees to beeledled by the prefbyteries and uni-u^verfftv^ °l verflties refpeftively, to refufe to accept or adt in the faid offi-ces, fo as fuch refufal be notified to the refpective prelbyteries or univerftties at the time of election, if the truftee eledt be pre-fent; or elfe at the next meeting of the prefbytery or univerfity refpedtively, after the election fhall come to his or their knowledge.

Power of tru- XLV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, frees.	That the faid truftees, or any nine of them, whereof fix to be

minifters of the church of Scotland, fliall and may execute all the powers committed to them by this adt ; and that, for this end, their firft meeting fhall be on the fecond Tuefday in April* onethoufand feven hundred and forty four, between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon, in the old church ifle of Edinburgh* with power to the faid truftees, or any nine of them as aforefaid, to choofe one of their number to be prefes, and with power to adjourn themfelves from time to time, to fuch times and places as they fhall fee caufe ; and that they fhall thereafter have four ftated regular meetings yearly, upon the fecond Tuefday in the month of May ; the fecond Tuefday in the month of November * the fecond Tuefday in the month of February ; and the fecond Tuefday in the month of March, in the faid old church ifle, between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon, with power to choofe a prefes, and to adjourn themfelves as aforefaid : and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the prefes of the laft meeting of the faid truftees, or in his abfence, the moderator of the prefbytery of Edinburgh for the time being (fuch moderator being a truftee) or in his abfence, the eldeft minifter of the city of Edinburgh, who is, or fhall then be a truftee, to call other meetings of the faid truftees, as occafion fliall require, at fuch times and places as he fhall judge proper : and the faid prefes, moderator of the prefbytery of Edinburgh* and eldeft minifter of the faid city refpedtively, are hereby required, upon the requeft of any live or more of the faid truftees, to call fuch meetings from time to time.

Truftee? to XLVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

and^fettle his	^	anc*	maY	f°r	feid truftees, at their

falary.	faid meeting, on the fecond Tuefday in April, one thoufand

feven hundred and forty four, to eledt a clerk, and to appoint him a falary, not exceeding the fum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, yearly ; which faid clerk (hall give bond to the faid truftees, with one or more fufficient fureties, for the faithful difcharge of his office, under the penalty of one Clerk’s dutv hundred pounds of like money ; and the faid clerk fhall, at his c *	* own charge, provide proper books, and (hall infert therein,

6	from

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. n.	179

from time to time, the proceedings of the truftees 3 and fhall write and caufe to be written their orders 3 and (hall have an officer for advertifing the truftees of their dated and occafional meetings, and for attending the fame 3 for which ofiicer the faid clerk (hall be allowed a fum not exceeding five pounds per annum, of lawful money of Great Britain.

XLVII. Provided always. That the clerk fo to be ele&ed, Clerk tobeap-fhall be approved by the next meeting of the general aflembly of proved at the the church of Scotland 3 and in cafe he fhall be difallowed of by next aflembly. the faid next meeting of the general aflembly, fuch meeting fhall eledf a clerk for the faid truftees.

XLVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Truftees may That it (hall and may be lawful to the faid truftees, for reafon- remove the able caufes, to fufpend or remove the faid clerk; and thereupon clerk, and ap-or upon the death, refignation, or removal of the faid clerk, to Point ano^lcr* appoint his fucceffor in the manner before directed, who fhall be approved or dilapproved by the next meeting of the general aflembly of the church of Scotland, who have hereby power to hear and finally determine the caufes of the deprivation or fuf-penfion of the faid clerk ; and to allow or difallow of the fame 3 and to affirm or reverfe the judgment of the faid truftees, as they fhall fee caufe.

XLIX. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Aftembly to That it fhall and may be lawful for the general aflembly of the choofe a gene* church of Scotland, that fhall fir ft meet after the faid twenty fifth rai collector, day of March one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, to elect and choofe a general collector or receiver of the aforefaid annual and other rates 3 and the faid general collector or receive!4 fo chofen, fhall have full power, and is hereby authorized to t0r S carry on all fuitsand actions for recovery of the faid annual and y' other rates, and to iflue the annuities to the widows, and pro-vifions to the children, and to lend out the furplufles to the mi-nifters of the church, and to the members of the faid three uni* verfities, in the manner before directed, and alfo the after-fur-plufles upon intereft, as he fhall be diredfed from time to time by the truftees aforefaid 3 and the faid general collector or receiver is hereby further authorized and impowered to ufe all proper diligence for fecuring all and every the aforefaid fuins.

L. Provided always, That it fhall not be in the power of theProvifo. faid general collector or receiver to lend out any part of the aforefaid capital of thirty five thoufand pounds, or to uplift or re-employ the fame, without a particular appointment of the faid truftees.

LI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Collector may That the faid general collector or receiver, fhall and may ap- appoint a depoint one or more deputies, for whom he fhall be anfwerable, Pacy-for levying the annual rates, and other fums herein before directed to be paid to him, at his office in Edinburgh, in cafe the fame (hall not be paid within the times before limited.

LII. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the full expence that fhall be incurred by the faid

N 2	general

Hosted by Google

i8o

Penalty on collector's default.

Collector to give bond.

Collector to

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. n. [1744,;

general collector or receiver, and his deputies, in recovering payment of the refpeCtive fums from the debtors therein, or out of their effects, through their default in not making regular payment as aforefaid, (hall be recovered out of the refpeCtive debtors eftates, without any abatement or mitigation.

LIII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid general collector or receiver fhall, at or before his admiffion, give bond, with one or more lufficient fureties, to the aforefaid truftees, for the fum of feven thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, that he (hall faithfully difcharge his truft, and that he fhall effectually levy and make good the annual and other rates, payable by the minifters of the church of Scotland, and by the heads, principals, and other matters in the atorefaid three univerfities.

LIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, keep a publick That the faid general collector or receiver fhall keep a publick Edm" office within the city of Edinburgh, in which attendance fhall *	be	given	from	the hour of ten to twelve in the forenoon of every

lawful day, for thirty days immediately following the iffuing of the warrants to him in the manner herein after mentioned ; and from the hour of ten to twelve in the forenoon, every Wednefday throughout the reft of the year.

LV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid general collector or receiver fhall annually, on the fecond Tuefday in May, exhibit to the truftees, at their meeting a particular account of the Turns that have come into his hands in the year preceding, diftinguifhing by whom paid, and upon what account.

LVI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid general collector or receiver fhall, in confideration of his whole trouble and expence, be allowed an annual falary, not exceeding the. fum of one hundred and fifty five pounds of lawful money of Great Britain.

LVII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, for reafona-ble caufes, to fufpend or remove the faid general collector or receiver ; and thereupon, or upon the death or refignation of the general collector or receiver appointed by the general affembly, to name a general collector or receiverin the interim, who fhall have full powers to aCt until the next meeting of the general affembly ; which faid next meeting is hereby impowered finally to determine upon the caufes of fufpenfion or deprivation of the former general collector or receiver ; and to give orders either for ref-toring the former collector, or for continuing the collector named by the truftees ; or for appointing a new general collector or receiver in his place.

LVIII. Provided always, That the general collector or receiver fo named, fhall be allowed a proportionable part of the falary, during the time that lie fhall difcharge the truft.

L1X. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That every prefbytery in Scotland, and each of the faid univer-fkies of Saint Andrew's, Gtafgoiv, and Edinburgh, fhall, from

and

Collector to make account

Collector’s

falary.

Collector dif-placed, may appeal to general allem-biy.

Provifb.

Presbyteries, &c to make eui lilts ot

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. i r.	iSi

and after the laid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand fe-preferments, ven hundred and forty four, from time to time, make up lifts of all minifters admitted to benefices, and of all heads, principals, or other mafters, admitted into offices within their refpec-tive prefbyteries and univerfities, with the particular dates of their refpeflive admiffions; and with a particular account, if fuch minifter, or fuch member of the univerfity, be married, and with the date of his marriage, if the fame fhall happen afterwards ; and alfo a particular lift of the minifters and members of the univerfities refpecftively that fhall have died within the year, and whether they have left a widow and children, with the names of the widows and the names and ages of the children, and alfo a lift of the widows that have died or been married within the year with the dates of their death or marriage, and what children of the minifters or members of the univerfities refpedlively were alive at the faid widow’s death, or time of marriage ; as alfo lifts of all vacancies happening within their faid presbyteries or univerfities refpedtively, with the dates and caufe of the vacancy ; which lifts, as alfo all other lifts that fhall be found neceflary by the truftees, and by them appointed to be made up for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, ftiall be attefted by the moderator and clerk of the presbytery, and by the head or principal, and the clerk of the faid univerfities refpedlively ; and fhall, betwixt the term of Martinmas and the term of Candlemas, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, be tranfmitted by the' moderator of the presbytery, and by the heads or principals of the faid univerfities refpe6tively, to the truftees clerk refiding at Edinburgh; and fo from thenceforth annually, in all time to come, the lifts of each year, computed from Martinmas to Mar-tinmas, fhall be made up and tranfmitted as before mentioned, betwixt the term of Martinmas, and the term of Candlemas following ; and the moderator of the presbytery, and the head or principal of the univerfities, negleAing to fign or tranfmit fuch lifts as aforefaid, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid in to the general colledtor or receiver, and to be levied in fuch manner, and to be applied to the fame purpofes, as the annual rates are herein before appointed to be levied and applied.

LX. Provided always, That the moderators of the presby- provifo* teries in the weftern and northern iftes of Scotland, fhall not be fubjedl to the faid penalty of ten pounds, in cafe they tranfmit fuch lifts as aforefaid within fix months after the faid term of Martinmas.

LXI. And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. Moderators, That the moderators of the faid presbyteries, and their clerk, &c. to give and the heads or principals of the faid three univerfities, and certificates tc their clerk refpeTively, fhall, at the requeft of each widow or child,, claiming right to an annuity or provifion, deliver to them a certificate figned as aforefaid, certifying the death of the mi-

N 3	n	tiler

Hosted by Google

Truftees fhall make lifts of widows, Scc.

Truftees to iettle their ac counts,

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. n:	[1744*;

nifter, or the death or marriage of his widow, with the refpec-tive dates thereof, and the names and ages of his children.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid truftees fhall, at their meeting on the faid fecond Tuefday in March yearly, make up proper lifts of all the widows and children intitled to receive annuities or provifions out of the funds of the preceding year, mentioning the particular fums to which they are refpedtively intitled ; which lifts fhall remain in the hands of the truftees clerk, and fhall be open to the infpec-tion of all parties interefted ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid parties interefted, to give in their obje&ions in writing to the laid clerk, to be by him laid before the faid truftees for their determination at their faid meeting, upon the fecond Tuefday in May next following.

LXIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees fhall, at their meeting appointed to be held on the fecond Tuefday in May yearly, fettle and adjuft the difpofal of their funds of the preceding year, and particularly what fum fhall be paid to each widow and child ; and the prefes fhall ftgn two fair copies thereof, and alfo a warrant upon the general collector or receiver for payment accordingly, in favour of each widow and child interefted ; and fhall lodge all the faid ana lodge their warrants in tfte hands of their clerk, to be by him delivered to warrants in tjie fevera} parties forthwith, as they call for the fame ; and the ne an o o	c]er^ f^all aif0 forthwith deliver to the general collector or re-

ceiver, one of the fubfcribed duplicates or copies of the total lift and ftate.

LXIV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the aforefaid general collector or receiver fhall immediately, upon the faid warrants being prefented to him, at his office upon any of the days, and at the hours above fpecified, make payment of the refpedlive fums therein contained, without fee or reward, upon a receipt indorfed upon the faid warrants ; and if Penalty if the either the general collector or receiver, or the clerk to thetruf-colie<5tor re- tees, aforeiaid, fhall, on any pretence whatever, exaeft or receive any fee. ceive any money or reward whatfoever, for or in refpect of delivering the aforefaid warrants, or for making payment purfuant to the laid warrants, the faid general collector and clerk refpec-tively fo offending, fhall ipfo fadio forfeit his office, and be incapable of being ever re-elecfted into the fame ; and upon proof of fuch offence taken before the faid truftees (which proof they are hereby impowered to take) the faid truftees are hereby required arid impowered to deprive the faid general collector, or the faid clerk refpedtively, and to declare him or them incapable of being rechofen j and if any perfon, adfing under the laid general collector, or under the laid clerk refpedfively, fhall exa61 or receive any fee or reward upon the aforefaid accounts, the faid general collector or clerk, by whom fuch offender was appointed, fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, upon proof brought before the faid truftees in manner aforefaid ; which fums fhall

be

the clerk.

Colle&or to make payment.

Hosted by

Google

1744*1 Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII II. c. ill	183

be levied and applied in the fame manner as is above directed, with refped to the annual rates.

LXV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, How widows* That if any widow, child, or children, entitled to an annuity, or to provifions refpedively, (hall be unduly omitted, in making, duly%m^tte(h up the faid annual lift as aforefaid, whether fuch omiftion fhall be occafioned through the default of the prefbyteries or univer-fities refpedively, in not tranfmitting proper lifts or certificates in the manner before directed, or from whatever other caufe or occafion; it fhall and may be lawful for fuch widow, child, or children, to make their claim to the faid truftees, at or before their next ftated meeting upon the fecond Tuefday in March, in the year following: and the faid truftees are hereby impowered and required to infert the faid widow, child, or children, in their lift to be made up at their meetings on the faid fecond Tuefday in March, and of Mayy in the faid enfuing year; and (hall grant warrants for payment of their annuities find provifions refpedively, out of the produce of the year imibe^ diately preceding.

LX VI. Provided always, That if the widow, child, or chil- Penalty on wi~ dren, fo unduly omitted, fhall negledMo make claim within one dows negled-whole year after fuch omiftion, their claim fhall be held as de-ferted and given up, and fhall not be allowed at any time thereafter.

LXVIL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Directions for That the payments herein before direded, (hall be made to the paying wi-widows or children refpedively named in the warrants, if thedows claims, perfons fo named are majors; and to the tutors or curators, of fuch of them as are minors ; and if they have no tutors nor curators, to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be authorized for that purpofe by an ad of the prefbytery or univerfity refpedively, of which the perfon, under whom the provifion is claimed, was laft a member.

LXVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- No arreft on faid. That the aforefaid annuities payable to widows, and the widows or provifions payable to children of the aforefaid minifters of the childrens pay* church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and mafters in the aforefaid univerfities, fhall not be liable to any arreft-ment; but (hall be paid to the widows and children themfelves, or to their tutors, and curators or truftees as aforefaid, or to their executors and adminiftrators, or aftigns ; any law or ufage $0 the contrary notwithftanding.

LXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Difpofition of That the faid truftees, at their meeting on the fecond Tuefday pluses and in May yearly, fhall give proper diredions to the general col-^er‘ U1P u * ledor or receiver aforefaid, for lending out the furpluftes of the preceding year to the minifters of the faid church, and to the heads, principals, and mafters in the aforefaid three univerfities, to the amount of thirty pounds as aforefaid to each; and the ^fter furpluftes towards raiftng the aforefaid capital of thirty five thoufand pounds in manner herein before direded,

N 4	LXX.	Pro-

Hosted by Google

] 84

Provifo,

Penalty on truftees not attending the flated meetings.

Ar> annual (late of the funds to be prepared.

Neceflary ex-pences to be paid by the general collector.

When collector is to give his accounts to the truftees,

Rates payable by minifters reckoned part of their Impends.

Univerfity of Aberdeen may be comprehended in

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 11.'	[1744.

LXX. Provided always, That no part of the faid capital of thirty five thoufand pounds fhall be lent out, or up-lifted, or re-employed, but with the advice and confent of the lord president, and the two fenior judges of the court of feffion, the lord chief baron, and fenior baron of the court of exchequer, and of the lord juftice general, and lord juftice clerk for the time being, or any three of them.

LXXI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees herein named and appointed, fhall attend the aforefaid (fated meetings, and the adjournments thereof, and all occafional meetings, to which they fhall be lawfully warned or fummoned, under the penalty of twenty (hillings of lawful money of Great Britain, toties quoties, to be'levied and applied in the fame manner, and to the fame purpofes, as is herein before directed with refpeeft to the annual rates; and a certificate under the hand of the clerk fhall be a fufficient evidence of fuch abfcnce, and of the penalty’s being incurred, unlefs the truftee, abfent as aforefaid, fhall have a fufficient caule for fuch abfence, and which fhall be allowed of by a majority of the truftees who fhall be prefent at the refpedtive meetings.

LXXII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid truftees fhall annually prepare a ftate of the funds under their management, and an account of their proceedings, which fhall be annually laid before the general affembly of the church of Scotland; and a printed copy thereof fhall be tranfmit-ted to each prefbytery, and to each of the faid univerfities, betwixt the firft day of ‘June and the firft day of Augufl yearly.

LXXIIL And it is hereby enabled, That the expence of printing and tranfmitting the faid annual ftate, as aforefaid, and alfo all other neceffary incidental expences of the faid truftees, fhall be paid by the faid general colledlor or receiver, and fhall be allowed to him out of his annual receipts; provided the faid expences do not in any one year exceed the fum of forty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain.

LXXIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid general colledlor or receiver fhall annually, on the fecond Tuefday in November, exhibit to the faid truftees, at their meeting, a particular account of the fums that fhall then have been paid by him out of his receipts of the preceding year; and the faid truftees fhall and are hereby impowered to audit and pafs his accounts, and to acquit and difeharge him and-his lureties, from time to time, of the fums fo accounted for.

LXXV. And be it further enadled and declared, That in all future proceffes of modification and augmentation of ftipends, the aforefaid annual rates payable by the minifters of the church of Scotland, by virtue of this prefent a£t, (hall be deemed and computed as part of their ftipends; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVI. And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforefaid. That if the univerfity of Aberdeen, or any of the colleges therein* fhall apply to the next general affembly of the church

of

Hosted by Google

1744.] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii IL G. 12--16.	185

of Scotland, declaring that they defire to be t comprehended in this aft, if

this a<5t 5 the heads, principals, and matters in the faid univer- defired.

fity of Aberdeen, or in either of the colleges of the faid univer-

fity, (hall be comprehended in this a<5t, and fhall be fubjedl to

the annual rates and other burdens hereby impofed; and they,

and their widows and children refpecttively, (hall be intitled to

the privileges and provittons herein contained, in like manner in

all refpe&s, as with refpedf to the heads, principals, and matters

in the univerfities of Saint Andrew's and Glafgow, is herein be^>

fore enactted.

LXXVII. And it is hereby further enabled and declared, Publick a£L That this a6l (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick a<tt, and Amended by all judges, juttices, and other perfons are to take notice thereof 22^C0*2’C*21' as fuch in all courts and places whatfoever, without fpecially

pleading the fame.

CAP. XII.

An a6t for enlarging the term and powers granted by an adl palled in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a£l for re~

pairing the ^ffds leading from a gate called Shipfon Toll-gate at Bridge-town, in the parijh of Old Stratford, in the county of Warwick, through Alderminfer and Shipfon upon S tower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the Paid county $ and to make the fame more effectual.

The a6l 3 Geo. 2* c. 9. continued for 2 r years.

CAP. XIII.

An for continuing the term and powers granted by an act palled 111 the firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An att for repairing and amending federal roads leading to and from the borough of EajeJham . jn the county of Worcefler; and for making the fame more effectual.

The att 1 Geo. a. c.n. contitiued for 21years»

CAP. XIV.

An a£t for continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Galley-corner, adjoining to Enfteld Chace in the parifli of South Mims, in the county of Middlefex, to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

The a£l 3 Geo. 2. c. 10. continued for 21 years*

CAP. XV.

An a<St for the fpeedy and effectual recruiting of his Majefty "s land forces and marines for the year one thou land feven hundred and forty four.

EXP.

CAP. XVI.

Aft aft for punching mutiny and defertion 5 and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

i8 6

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c.	[1744^

CAP. XVII.

An aft for granting to his Majefty the furplus or remainder of the monies arifen, or to arife, by the duties on fpiritu-ous liquors, granted by an aft of the lajl fejfon of parliament ; and for explaining and amending the faid aft in relation to the retailers of fuch liquors; and for eftablifding an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.

WHEREAS and by an aft of parliament, made and pajfed $ eo.t. c. 8. yy -in jixteenth year of his Majefty s reign, intituled, An a61 for repealing certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences for retailing the fame; and for laying other duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences to retail the faid liquors ; it wasy amongfl other things, enabled, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, which fhould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven • hundred and forty three, there fhould be raifed, levied^iind paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuccejfors, for the feveral fpmtuous liquors made, extra ft ed^ and manufactured in Great Britain, and therein mentioned, fpecified,	enumerated (over and above all duties,

charges, tf/zd imp options by any former aft of parliament thereupon refpeftively fet, rtf/ri, tf/zd impofed) the fever al rates and duties of excife therein mentioned and exprejfed, with divers provifions and directions in the faid aft contained, for raifing, managing, tf/zi collecting the faid rates and dutiesy and paying the fame into the receipt of his Majefty s exchequer, diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, fubjeft and liable to fuch ufes, applications, tf/zi purpofes, tfj fioould by any future aft or afts of parliament be directed *6Geo 2 c 1 °r aPPointe^: an& whereas in and by o?:e other aft made and pajfed in *2* the fame feffion of parliament, intituled, An adt for raifing by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, at three pounds centum per annum, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, z7 wztfj, amofigft other things, <?/?-tfdzW,	/fe	feveral	and	refpeftive annuities, after the rate of

three pounds per centum per annum, which by the faid aft were granted and made payable from the refpeftive times therein fpecified, refpeft of the principal fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, authorized by the faid aft, to be advanced and paid, zzzz/zY rr-demption thereof by parliament, z;z manner therein mentioned, fhould be charged and chargeable upon, tfzzJ payable out of the monies which fhould from time to time arife, tf/zJ & remaining in the receipt of his Majefty*s exchequer, 0/ rr for the rates and duties on low wines, fpirits, ftrcng waters, granted to his Majefty by the before recited aft of parliament, tfzzi the fame were thereby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly: and it is thereby provided and enabled., 7$tf/ z/z	/hall be any furplus or remainder of the mo-

nies arifing by the faid rates or duties, tf//rr /Yr _/tfzi feveral and refpeftive annuities, tf/zi tf// arrears thereof are fatisfiedy or monies fuf-

ficient

Hosted by

Google

1744.] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. C. 17.	187

ficient Jball be referved for that purpofe; fuch fur plus or remainder Jhall from time to time be referved for the difpoftlionof parliament, and Jhall not be ijfued but by authority ef parliament, and as Jhall be directed by future aft or afts of parliament: now we, your Ma-jefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons ol Great Britain in parliament affembled, being defirous to raife the ne-ceffary fupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majefty, in the eafieft manner we are able, for the benefit of your fubje&s, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this act do give and grant unto your Majefty the furplus or remainder of the monies arifen, or to arife, by the faid rates and duties on fpirituous liquors, granted to your Majefty by the faid firft herein in part recited a<5t of the laft feflion of parliament intituled, An aft for repealing certain duties on fpirituous liquors9 and on licences for retailing the fame; and for laying other duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences to retail the faid liquors; and which by the faid a£t laft herein in part recited, intituled. An aft for raiftng by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, at three pounds ' per centum per annum, for the fervice of the year one 'thoufand feven hundred and forty three, were referved for the difpofition of parliament, after the feveral annuities charged thereon are fatif-fied, and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid furplus or re- Difpofition of mainder of the monies arifen, or which fhall from time to time the furplus arife by the faid rates and duties on fpirituous liquors, granted	®

by the faid a6t of the laft feftion of parliament firft herein in part \-ies 0nfpiritu-recited, after paying or referving from time to time at the receipt ous liquors, of his Majefty’s exchequer, money fufficient to fatisfy and pay the feveral and refpedtive annuities charged on the faid rates and duties, by the faid laft in part recited a61 of the fame feftion, fhall at the faid receipt of exchequer be kept diftindlly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, and the fame fhall be and are hereby declared to be a fund and fecurity in the firft place for fatisfying and paying the annuity by this a6t charged thereupon, in manner herein after mentioned ; and afterwards of all fuch further annuities as fhall be made payable out of the fame, by any future or other a<ft of parliament of this feftion, until redemption thereof by parliament, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

II. And whereas in aqd by one aft of parliament made and pajfed 3 Geo.j.c.i^ in the third year of his prefent Majefys reign, intituled, An a61 for reducing the annuity or fund of the united Eajl India company, and for afcertaining their right of trade to the Eajl Indies, and the continuance of their corporation for that purpofe upon the terms therein mentioned, it was amongjl other things enafted, That the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, Jloould advance and pay into the receipt of his Majefys ex*

chequer,

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH II. c.17.	[1744#

chequer, on or before the twenty fourth day of December, one thou-fund feven hundred and thirty, the fum of two hundredthoufand pounds , to be applied towards the fupplies granted to his Majefly for the far-vice of the year one thoufand [even hundred and thirty, for which no inter eft Jhould be ever payable, nor any addition to be made to their then capital flock, or debt from the publick on account of the fame, nor the fame or any part thereof be repayable to the faid united company : and it zuas thereby alfo enabled. That from and after the tiventy ninth day of September, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, and not before, the annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and fxty thoufand pounds, payable to the faid united company, floould be reduced to an a?inuity or yearly fund of one hundred and twenty eight thoufand pounds, in.rej'pebl of their then capital flock, or debt of three millions two hundred thoufand poundsy which reduced annuity or yearly fund jhould be and remain charged upon, and paid and payable from time to time out of the fame duties and reve?iues, in the fame manner, and by the like weekly or quarterly payments, and with the fame proviflons for making good any deficiencies in the faid reduced fund, as their then annuity was charged on or provided for, to be paid, until fame new or other provifion Jhould be made by parliament, with confent of the faid united company for the fame, fubje d to redemption upon one year’s notice to be given by parliament, after the twenty fifth day of March, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand J'even hundred and thirty fix, upon the expiration of the faid year, and upon repayment by parliament of the faid whole capital flock, or debt of three million tivo hundred thoufand pounds unto the faid united company, by payments not lefs than five hundred thoufand pounds at a time, and alfo of all arrears of their Jaid reduced annuity or yearly fund of one hundred and twenty eight thoufand pounds, which Jhould be due at the end of the faid year, from which time their faid annuity or yearly fund Jhould ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to them, as therein is more particularly mentioned: and it was aljo thereby enabled. That not-withflanding fuch redemption, the faid united company and their fuc-ccflors Jhould continue to be a body politick and corporate, by the name of The united company of merchants of England, trading to the jEafl Indies, and by that name Jhould have perpetual fucceffion, and. have, hold, and enjoy all benefits, privileges, franchifes, and rights, which by any former abet or a bis, or any charter or charters founded. thereupon, the faid united company might hold and enjoy, not altered or varied by the faid abl, as therein is more particularly mentioned; and the J'aid united company were thereby alfo impoivered, after redemption of their faid yearly fund, or a moiety thereof or more by parliament, to declare by by-laws or orders'in their general courts, what part or Jhare in their remaining capital flock or yearly fund or flock in trade Jhall qualify any members of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to theTaft Indies, to be directors for the affairs of the faid company, or to give any vote or votes in any ge- . neral courts; and for the elebling the directors, and for their continuance or removal, incapacity or avoidance : and it was alj'o further enabled, That notwithflanding fuch redemption of the faid yearly fund

«/

Hosted by Google

189

1744*1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 17.

of one hundred and twenty eight thoufand pounds, the Jaid united company JJmdd (fubjed to the provifo of determination therein and herein after mentioned) have, ufe, and enjoy the zuhole and foie trade and traffick, and the only liberty, ufe, and privilege of trading, tra fficking, and exercifing the trade or bufinefs of merchandize into and from the Eaft Indies, and into and from all the i(lands, ports, bd-vens, coafts, cities, towns, and places, between the cape of Good Hope, and the freights of Magellan, and limits in an ad of the ninth year of the reign of his latemajefy King William the Third, or 9 W. 3. c. 44, in a charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of his faid Mojefiy s reign mentioned, in as ample and beneficial manner, as the faid company could thereby trade thereto, with fuch prohibitions to all other his Majefiys fubjeds to trade thereto, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures as in the faid ad of the third year of his prefent Majefifs reign is more particularly mentioned: and it was thereby further enaded. That the faid united company Jhould at all times thereafter for ever (fubjed as aforefaid) have, hold, and enjoy, and be intitled unto all and every the profits, benefits, advantages, privileges, franchifes, abilities, capacities, po wers, authorities, rights, remedies, methods of fuit, and all penalties and forfeitures, and dif-abilities, provifions, matters, and things whatsoever, which by any former ad or ads of parliament, Gr by any charter or charters founded thereupon, or by any claufe or claufes in the faid ads or charters contained, were enaded, given, granted, provided, inflided, limited, efiablifhed, or declared to, for, touching, or concerning the faid company or body politick and corporate, either by the name of The general fociety, intitled to the advantages given by an abf of parliament for advancing a fum not exceeding two millions of pounds for the fervice of the crown of England; or the faid body politick and corporate, called by the name of The Englijh company trading to the Eafi Indies', or the faid body politick and corporate, called by the name tf/'The united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies (not altered or intended to be altered by the faid ad) according to the tenor and true meaning of the (aid ads and charters, freed and dif-chargedfrom all provifoes and conditions of redemption and determination therein contained; and the fame were thereby ratified and confirmed, and fijould continue to be held, enjoyed, and be pradijed and put in execution by the faid united company, and their fuccefifors, for the better and ’ more efife dual fettling and fe curing to them and their fuccefifors, the zuhole, Jole, and exclufive trade to the Eaft Indies, and parts aforefaid; and for the preventing all his Majefiys fubjed s trading thither, and for fairing alfo their pojfejfions, eflates, and ejffieds, and governing their affairs and bufinefs, in all refpeds, as fully and efifedually as if the fame were-repeated and re-enaded in the faid ad, fubjed to fuch rejlridions, covena?its, and agreements, as are contained in the faid ads and letters patent then in force, and not thereby varied or altered, and fubjed alfo to the provifo following; that is to fay. That at any time upon three years }notice to be given by parliament, after the twenty fifth day of March, which /hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand /even hundred and fixty fix, upon the expiration of the faid three years, and repayment to the faid united company of merchants ^England trading to the Eaft Indies, or their fuccefifors.

Hosted by Google

190

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII II. c. lyi [1744.

of the faid capital flock, debt, or film of three millions and two hundred thoufand pounds, and all arrears of annuity, payable in re-fpeft thereof in cafe the fame flail not have been before repaid; then, and from thenceforth, the faid rights title, and inter eft of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, to the whole, foie,	exclujtve trade to the Eaft Indies

aforefaid) Jhall ceafe and determine;	;V thereby alfo provided,

That nothing in the above provifo, or />/ provifo in the aft of the ninth year of the reign of his faid majefly King William	Third,

or in the faid charter of the fifth day of September, z/z the tenth , of his faid Majefly, zVz other aft or charter contained, Jbould extend or be conflrued to extend to determine the corporation of the faid united company, to hinder the faid united company from carrying on at all times, after fuch determination of the right to the foie, whole,	exclufive trade as aforefaid, <2 free trade in,

from the Eaft Indies, *z;zi	aforefaid, with all or any part

of their own joint flock in trade, gWj, merchandize, eflate, tf/zi effeftS) in common with other his Majefly*s fubjefts, #j	y^wz*

relation being thereunto had, may ffwr* fully appear: and whereas in and by one other aft of parliament made and paffed in the 3Geo. i.c,2o. faid third year of his prefent Majefly*s reign, intituled, An a<51 for taking off certain duties on fait, and for making good any deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity payable to the Eaft India company on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lyon, executor of Matthew Page, deceafed, in refpedt of the duty for fait loft by the. overflowing of the river Mercy, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, for the preventing or remedying any injury or damage which might happen to the faid united company, in refpeft of the diminution that might happen in the produce of the duties and revenues charged with their then annuity or fund of one hundred and ftxty thoufand pounds per annum, by the ceafing and determining the therein before mentioned additional duties on fait, before or until the faid intended reduftion of their faid then annuity or yearly fund fhould take place, and their reduced annuity or yearly fund fhould be charged upon new duties and revenues with their co?ifeni it was enafted, That in cafe at the end of any one quarter of a year, to be computed from the feafl of the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, until fuch intended reduftion fhould take place, and fuch new fecurity be provided for the faid reduced annuity or yearly fund, the produce into the exchequer of the monies arifing from the faid additional duties on fait, and the additional duties on flampt vellum, parchment, and paper, particularly charged with the then annuity or fund of one hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, payable to the faid united company, fhould not be fujficient, together with the then pro-vifions by parliament for making good the deficiencies thereon, to dif-charge the quarters annuity that fhould be then due to them, then^ and in every fuch cafe, and as often as the fame fhould happen, fuch quarterly deficiencies fhould from time to time be made good out of any monies, which at the refpeftive times of fuch deficiencies fhould be

and

Hosted by Google

1744-] Anno decimo feptimo GEORGIIII. C. 17.	191

and remain in the exchequer, of the monies arifen or to arife for the faid duties and revenues, commonly called The aggregate Fund, ivhich Jhould he more than fufficient to anfwer, pay, and fatisfy what would then he due or demandahle for any prior charges or incumbrances on the faid aggregate fund: and it was afo enabled, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, which Jhould he in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, in cafe the faid intended reduction of the faid annuity or fund of one hundred and fixty thoufand poundsr Jhould then take place, then, and from thenceforth, fuch reduced annuity or yearly fund of one ' hundred and twenty eight thoufand pounds, jhould he transferred from the feveral duties and revenues then charged with the faid then annuity or yearly fund of one. hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, and be charged upon, and payable out of the monies arifen or to arife into the exchequer from time to time, for the faid feveral duties and re-. venues compofing the aggregate fund, to be paid and payable to the faid united company, or their fuccejfors, by fuch and the like quarterly payments, as their then annuity or yearly fund was then payable, fubjebl neverthelefs to fuch redemption by parliament, as was or Jhould be enabled by any other abl of the then fejfion of parliament, and fubjebl to fuch prior charges and incumbrances, as were or Jhould be made by parliament on the growing produce of the faid aggregate fund, before the taking place of fuch reduction: and whereas the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies are willing and contented to advance and pay into the receipt of your Majejly s exchequer, towards the fupply granted to your Majejly for the fervice of the year one thoufand jeven hundred and forty jour, the fum of one million of pounds Sterling, for the purchafe of an annuity of thirty thoufand pounds well fecured to the faid united company, and repayable on the fame terms with the company sprefent capital, with an addition of fourteen years to their prefent term, which will, with fuch addition, extend to Lady-day, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, befides the three years allowed them after the expiration of their prefent term, for bringing home and difpofing of their ejfebls, and other purpofes; ivith power to the faid united company to ijfue out bonds from time to time for a?iy part, or the whole amount of the faid one million of pounds Sterling, and upon fuch other terms, conditions, grants, confirmations, articles, and provifions,as are hereinafter made,granted,provided,declared, and enabled; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the Taid united company of merchants of England trading to the One million to Eajl Indies, in purfuance of their before recited agreement, (hall paid mto advance and pay into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for thee5CC e(luer< his Majefty’s ufe, the full fum of one million on or before the a twenty ninth day of September, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, at fuch times, and in fuch proportions, as the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall think fit to diredt and appoint, fo as the faid united company be not obliged to pay more than two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds at any one time, nor

with**

Hosted by Google

3 per cent, difcount.

192	Anno	ctedmo	feptimo	Georgil	II.	c.	if. [1744*

without having one month’s notice before each refpe&ive time of payment, and fo as the faid company be not obliged to make any fuch payment before the twenty fifth day of Mayy one thou-fand feven hundred and forty four.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby eria'Cted by the authority aforefaid, That out of the faid fum of one million, the faid united company (hall have and receive back by way of difcount, fo much as the intereft at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum for each fum of money which fhall be a&ually advanced and paid, for or upon account of the faid fum of one million, fhall amount unto, from the day of the aCtual payment thereof, until the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven

To be fued, in hundred and forty four; and in cafe the faid united company in*th? ^ure fhall make failure in any of the faid payments fo by this aCt ap- ' inents.Pay~ pointed to be made into his Majefty’s exchequer as aforefaid, at or before the refpeCtive days or times to be directed and appointed as aforefaid, the money whereof fuch failure in payment fhall be made, fhall and may be recovered to his Majefty’s ule, by aCtion of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter, wherein noef-foin, protection, privilege or wager of law (hall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which adtion, bill, fuit or information, it (hall be lawful to declare, that the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, are indebted to his Majefty the monies of which they fhall have made default in payment according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which fhall be fufticient; and in or upon fuch adtion, bill, fuit or information, there fhall be further recovered to his Majefty’s ufe againft the faid united company, damages after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annum for the monies fo unpaid contrary to this act, befides full colts of fuit; and the faid united company and their lucceftors, and their faid ftock and funds, fhall be and are hereby made fubjeCt and liable thereunto.

IV.	And for the encouragement of the faid united company to advance and pay the faid fum of one million, with fuch difcount out of the fame, as aforefaid; and to the end the faid ■ united company, and their fucceffors, may have a competent recompence and confideration for fo doing, it is hereby enaCIed by the authority aforefaid, That the provifoes contained in the faid in part recited aCt of the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and all other provifoes contained in any other aCt or adls

Provifoes in of parliament for determining the annuity or yearly fund of the any a6t to de- faid united company, and the right, title and intereft of the faid India1?the un^ec^ company to the whole, foie and exclusive trade to the ny?annuity"	Indies,	and parts aforefaid, or either of them, upon the

repealed. > refpeCtive notices and payments in the fame aCts mentioned, fhall be, and are hereby repealed and made void; and that the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies, and their fucceftors, fhall for ever have, receive and enjoy, not only their prefent entire annuity or yearly fund of one

him-

Damages for nonpayment.

Hosted by Google

174^-1 Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii II. c.	193

hundred and twenty eight thoufand pounds, out of the rates, duties and revenues charged therewith, or liable to make good the fame* but alfo that from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and their fuc-ceftbrs for ever, (hall in refpect of the faid principal fum of ,one million by this a£t directed to be advanced and paid by them, have, receive and enjoy a further annuity or yearly fum of thir- Additional ' ty thoufand pounds, computed after the rate of three pounds annuity of per centum per annum; which faid annuity or yearly fum (hall be 30,0001. charged upon, and payable out of the faid fbrplus or remainder chargedon the „ of the monies arilen or to arife, and be paid into the receipt °f rituous°li ^ his Majefty’s exchequer, by the faid rates or duties on fpirituous qUors> liquors by this acSt granted as aforefaid; and the faid furplus or remainder of the faid rates and duties, after the feveral annuities before charged thereon are fatisfied, are hereby declared to be a fund, and fecurity for anfwering and paying the faid yearly fum or annuity of thirty thoufand pounds, to the faid united company and their fucceffors for ever, until redemption thereof by	tore^

parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in d eruption by # that behalf; and that the faid annuity or yearly fum, (hall from parliament, time to time be paid quarterly, at the four moftufual feafts or days of payments in the year, by even and equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be due and payable at the feaft of the Annuity to nativity of our Lord Chrift, one thoufand feven hundred and	^uar~

forty four, and (laall be free from all taxes, charges and impofi-tions whatfoever.

. V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Company’s That fo much of the faid furplus, or remainder of the monies annuity of ariilng into the exchequer by the faid rates and duties on fpiritu- 3°>°°o1. to be ous liquors, by this a<5t granted as aforefaid, as (hall be fufficient Exchequer * ° to make up and compleat the faid annuity, or yearly fund of without fee. thirty thoufand pounds, to be payable to the faid united company and their fucceiTors, in refpedt of the monies which (hall be actually advanced by them in purfuance of this a61, fhall in the firft place be fet apart and applied, and the fame is hereby appropriated for and towards the raifing and making good of the faid annuity or yearly fund, and is hereby direeled and appointed to be iftued and paid out of the /aid receipt of exchequer, by the refpe&ive officers of the fame, without any fee or charge,

.and without any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had or

obtained from his Majeftv, his heirs or fucceffors, in that behalf;

and (hall be applied to and for the ufes and purpofes in and by

this a<5t exprefted and intended, and to no other ufe, intent or

purpofe whatfoever; any thing herein before contained to the

contrary notwithftanding: and that the refpedtive officers in the Officer neg-

exchequer, who (hall make any delay in paying the faid monies le&ing pay-

to the ufes by this a£t intended, or (hall be guilty of diverting or j^nt|atc<^lo^

mifapplying any of the faid monies to any other ufe or purpofe, pay treble da*

contrary to this adl, or ihall pay or iffue out the fame, or any mages,

Vol. XVIII.	O	part

Hosted by Google

One third to his Majetty,

fund j

194	Anno	decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 17.	[1744;

part thereof, otherwife than according to the intent of this aeft, fhall for any fuch offence forfeit, and be forejudged from their refpe<ftive offices and places, and rendred incapable to ferve his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in any office or place of truft or profit whatfoever, and fhall anfwer and pay treble damages, and cofts of fuit, to be recovered by the faid united company and their fucceffors, by a<ftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier, wherein no efifoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint fhall be allowed or more than one imparlance; one third part of which damages fo to be recovered, fhall be to andtwothirds ^ ufe 0f j-^g Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other the company. two	parts thereof, with the cofts of fuit* fhall be to the

ufe of the faid united company and their fucceffors.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Deficiency of That in cafe at the end of any one quarter of a year, to be com-any quarterly puted from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, one thou-payment to be fanc\ feVen hundred and forty four, the faid furplusor remainder the^inkin^ °*' t^ie raon*es ar^en or to arife by the faid rates and duties on

b fpirituous liquors by this act granted, and fo as aforefaid particularly charged with and appropriated to the payment of the faid additional yearly fund or annuity of thirty thoufand pounds to the faid united company, fhall not be fufficient to difcharge the quarter’s annuity that fhall then be due to them, then and in every fuch cafe, and as often as the fame fhall happen, fuch quarterly deficiencies are hereby charged upon, apd fhall from time to time be made good out of any monies which at the re-fpecftive times of fuch deficiencies (hall be and remain in the exchequer, of the monies arifen, or which fhall afterwards arife by the furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus monies commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of the fame finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former a <51 or a efts of parliament) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund as fhall from time to time be neceiffary to make good fuch deficiencies, fhall be iffued and paid to the faid united company accordingly.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaefted by the authority a-r ^fr^ea^forefaid, That whatever money (hall be iffued out of the faid

finking fund, fhall from time to time be replaced by and out of the fir ft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

VIII.	And for the better enabling the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, to raife and pay the faid fum of one million to his Majefty’s ufe as aforefaid; it is hereby enaefted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall be lawful for the faid united company under their common feal, to borrow any fum or fums of money from time to time upon account of their ftock and fund, fo as the fum total of all the principal monies, which at any one time (hall be owing upon the fecurity of the laid feal, do not exceed one million over and above the monies which might lawfully be borrowed thereupon, before the making of this prefent a<ft.

IX. Pro*

to

out of the firft fupplies.

India company may borrow an equivalent fum Under their common feal.

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII II. C.17.	195

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the 0n a ear*s authority aforefaid, That at any time, upon one year’s notice to notice, after be given by parliament, after the twenty fifth day of March, 174.5, India which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun- company's dred and forty five, and not before, upon the expiration of the

faid year, and upon repayment by parliament to the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or their fucceflbrs, as well of the faid fum of three million two hundred thoufand pounds formerly advanced, as of the faid fum of one million now to be advanced, amounting in the whole to the fum of four million two hundred thoufand pounds, without any deduction, difcount, or abatement whatfoever to be made out of the fame, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the faid united company, and their fucceflbrs, of till arrears of the faid refpedlive annuities or yearly funds of one hundred and twenty eight thoufand pounds, and thirty thoufand pounds* then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the faid refpedive annuities or yearly funds (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

X.	And in regard it is intended that at any time or times after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, the faid capital flock or debt of‘ four million two hundred thoufand pounds may be paid off to the jaid united company, by any payments not being lefs than .five hundred thoufand pounds at a time ; and that as the faid leffer payments Jhall be made, the faid annuities or yearly funds of one hundred and twenty eight thoufand pounds, and thirty thoufand pounds, payable to the faid company, Jhallproportionably

fink and be abated; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- tfdt lefs than faid. That at any time or times upon one year’s notice after the 560,0001. to faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and be Pa.5d °*f at forty five, to be given by parliament, upon the expiration of one time* the faid year, and on repayment by parliament to the faid united company of any fum of money not being lefs than five hundred thoufand pounds, in part of the faid capital flock or debt of four million two hundred thoufand pounds; and upon payment of all arrears which fhall then be due on their faid annuities or yearly funds, or upon any part thereof, then, from and after fuch payment, fo much of the faid annuities as (hall bear proportion to the monies fo paid in part, fhall ceafe, determine, and be abated, and fo on from time to time on fuch yearly notices to be given by parliament, and payment from time to time of fuch other fums in part of the faid capital flock or debt, not lefs than five hundred thoufand pounds at a time, and of fuch arrears of their then annuities or yearly funds, until the payment of the whole fhall be compleated, fo much of their faid annuities or yearly funds as lhall bear proportion to fuch refpe6Hve fums paid in part, (hall from time to time, as fuch payments made, fink and be abated, until their whole annuities orye^ny funds (hall be entirely funk and determined.

uthorlty afore- Company t# the faid annul- have exties ciufive trade

XL And it is hereby further enabled try faid. That notwithftanding fuch redemp^^ 0j

O %

Hosted by Google

*96	Anno	decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 17.	[1744;

to the Eaft	ties or yearly funds of one hundred and twenty eight thoufand

Indies.	pounds, and thirty thoufand pounds as aforefaid, the faid united

company of merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies,

,	(hall (fubjedt to the provifo of determination herein after con-

tained) have, ufe, and enjoy, and (hall continue to have, ufe, and enjoy the whole, foie, and exclufive trade and traffick, and the only liberty, ufe, and privilege of trading, trafficking, and exercifing the trade or bufinefs of merchandize, in, to, and fromf the Eaft Indies, and in, to, and from all the illands, ports, havens, coafts, cities, towns, and places between the cape of Good Hope and (freights of Magellan, and limits in the faid a6t of the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King William the Third, or in the faid charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of his faid Majefty’s reign mentioned, in as ample and beneficial manner as the faid company could thereby or otherwife lawfully trade thereto; and the faid Eaft Indies, or the illands, havens, coalls, ports, cities, towns, and places within the limits aforefaid, or any of them, (hall not from henceforth at any time before fuch determination of the faid foie and whole trade of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, as is herein after mentioned, be repaired or failed to, vifited, frequented, or haunted by any other the fubjects of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors whatfoever; and Penalty on pri^ anY	fubje&s of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors,

vate traders, of what degree or quality foever they be, other than the factors, agents, and fervants of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or fuch as (hall be by them thereunto licenfed or authorized, fhall at any time or times hereafter, before fuch determination of the faid company’s whole and foie trade as aforefaid, dire&ly or indiredty fail or go to, vifit, haunt, frequent, traffick, trade, or adventure in, to, or from the faid Eaft Indies, or other the limits or parts aforefaid, contrary to the true meaning hereof, all and every fuch offender and offenders fhall incur the forfeiture and lofs of all the (hips and veffels which (hall be employed in fuch voyage, trade, traffick, or adventure, with the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture thereunto ^belonging, and alfo all the goods laden thereupon, or that were or fhall be fent to, acquired, traded, trafficked, or adventured within the faid Eaft Indies, or parts aforefaid, and all the proceed and effedts of the fame, and every of them, and double the value thereof; which penalties and forfeitures (hall be fo fued for, feized, diftributed and diftributable, recovered and recoverable, as in and by an adt 7 Geo. 1. c.21. made in the feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An alt for the further preventing bis Majefty’s fubjells from trading to the Eaft Indies under foreign com-mijjions, and for encouraging and further fecuring the laivful trade thereto ; and for further regulating ihcopilots of Dover, Deal, and the ifeofllhmtt', is appointed, directed, and enacted, concerning the penalties and forfeitures in that adt mentioned or referred

to.

Hosted by Google

1744-] Anno decirno feptimo GeoRGII II. C. 17.	107

to, with refped to the faid united company or their trade to the

Eaf Indies.

XII.	And moreover it is hereby enaded by the authority India compa-aforefaid, That the faid united company of merchants of Eng- ny to have the kind trading to the Eaf Indies, /hall at all times hereafter for ^as and^har-ever (fubjed as aforefaid) have, hold, and enjoy, and be inti-ters in tied unto all and every the profits, benefits, advantages, privi- their favour.' leges, franchifes, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, remedies, methods of fuit, and all penalties and forfeitures, and difabilities, provifions, matters, and things whatfoever, which by any former ad or ads of parliament, or by any charter or charters founded thereupon, or by any claufe or claufes in the faid ads or charters contained, are enaded, given, granted, provided, inflided, limited, eftablifhed, or declared to, for, touching, or concerning the faid company, or body politick and corporate, either by the name of The general fociety, intitled to the advantages given by an all of parliament for advancing a fum not exceeding two millions, for the fervice of the crown of England, or the faid body politick and corporate, called by the name of The Englifh company trading to the Eaft Indies, or the faid body politick and corporate, now called by the name of The united company of merchants ^England trading to the Eaft Indies, and not by this ad altered, or intended to be altered, according to the and not alter’d tenor and true meaning of the faid ads and charters, freed and by this ad. difcharged from all provifoes and conditions of redemption and determination therein contained; and the fame, and every of them, are hereby ratified and confirmed, and fhall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be pradifed, and put in execution by the faid united company of merchants of England, trading to the Eaf Indies, and their fucceflors, for the better and more effectual fettling and fecuring to them and their fucceflors, the whole, foie, and excluftve trade to the Eaf Indies, and parts aforefaid ; and for the preventing all other his Majefty’s fubjeds trading thither, and for fecuring alfo their pofleflions, eftate, and effeds, and governing their affairs and bufinefs in all refpeds, as fully and effedually, as if the fame profits, benefits, advantages, trade, privileges, franchifes, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, remedies, methods of fuit, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, provifions, matters, and things, were feverally repeated, and at large re-er}aded in the body of this ad; fubjed neverthelefs to fuel) reftridions, covenants, and agreements, as are contained in the faid ads and letters patent now in force, and not herein or hereby varied or altered, and fubjed alfo to the provifo following; that is to fay,

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by authority Provifo of re-aforefaid. That at any time upon three years notice to be given demption. by parliament, after the twenty fifth day of March, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, upon the expiration of the faid three years, and repayment to the faid united company of merchants of England trading tp the Eaf Indies, or their fucceflors, of the faid capital

O	3	flock,

*98	Anno	decimo	feptimo	Georgii II. c. 17.	[1744;

{lock, debt, or fum of four million two hundred thoufand pounds, and all arrears of annuity payable in refpedl thereof, in cafe the fame fhall not have been before repaid, then, and from thenceforth, and not before or fooner, the faid right, title, and intereft, of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies, to the whole, foie, and exclufive trade to the Eaji Indies, and parts aforefaid, (hall ceafe and determine.

Corporation XfV, Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed, to have a That nothing in the above provifo, or in any provifo in the faid common right ^ tjie	year	of the reign of his faid late majefty King

©thereafter William the Third, or in the faid charter of the fifth day of theirexclulive September, in the tenth year of his faid IateMajefty’s reign, or in rights is de- any other a6t or charter contained, (hall extend, or be con-termined. ftrued to extend, to determine the corporation of the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies, or* to hinder, prevent, or exclude, the faid united company, from carrying on at all times after fuch determination of the right, to the foie, whole, and exclufive trade as aforefaid, a free trade in, to, and from the Eaji Indies, and parts aforefaid, with all or any part of their own joint ftock in trade, goods, merchandizes, eftate and effedts, in common with other the fubje<5ts of his Majefty, his heirs and fijcceffors, trading in, to, or from fhofe parts.

The fpeaker's XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, notice in writ- That any notice ip writing, fignified by the fpeaker of the lioufe ing to the of commons for the time being, by order of the faid houfe*, fhall he deemed and adjudged a due and proper notice- by par-* Jiament, to and for all the ends, intents, and purpofes, for which fuch notices are directed by this a6t to be given to the faid company,

XVI.	And whereas by the faid aft of the fifteenth year of his pre-fent Majefty, it is, amongft other things, enabled. That in cafe any perfon or perfons who fhall have forfeited ten pounds for retailing fpiritiious liquors without licence, as in the faid alt is expreffed, Jhall refufe or negleft to pay the faid fum of ten pounds, the fame being lawfully demanded, any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace may, in fuch manner as by the faid alt is directed, commit fuch perfon or perfons to the houfe of cor re Elion, to be kept to hard labour for two months, as in the faid aft is direfted: And ivkereas a doubt has arifen, whether by virtue of the faid aft, the juftices of the peace, by and before whom fuch perfon or perfons fo forfeiting fhe faid ten pounds zuere convifted, have power by the faid 'aft to mitigate the faid penalty; and in cafe of nonpayment thereof, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch offender dr offenders: Now to put an end to all doubts concerning the fame, be it declared and enabled, That all penalties and forfeitures by the faid a<5p impaled, may for the future, and from the time of the commencement of the faid aeft of the fixteenth year of his faid Mar jefty might, and alfo all the penalties by this ac£t impofed, may be lawfully fupd for, recovered, levied, and mitigated by fuch

ways*

be deemed a gojsd notice.

Power of ju-

itices given by act 16 Geo. 2. c. 8. concern-in penalties and imprifon-rpents for re-

Hosted by Google

1744*1 Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH II. C. 17.	199

ways, meahs, and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture is or tailingfpiritu^ may be fued for, recovered, levied,, or mitigated, by any law gowned8 or Jaws of excife. -	.	*

XVII.	Provided neverthelefs. That it fhall and may be law- offenders to ful to and for any fuch juftices of the peace, before whom fuch be whipt, be-offender fhall be convidled, if they fhall judge it mofl proper, fore difcharg-inflead of levying the penalty, to commit fuch offender to the ^on rom pri‘ houfe of corredlion, to be kept to hard labour for two months;

and that in fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons fo committed, fhall, before his or their difcharge therefrom, be flript naked from the middle upwards, and be whipt, until his or her body be bloody.

XVIII.	And whereas by the j'aid aft of the fifteenth year of his prefent Majefy, it was provided, That no licence Jhould be granted to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for felling, by retail any fpiri-tuous liquors, except to fuch perfons only who Jhould keep taverns, victualling-houfe s, inns, coffee-houfe s, or ale-houfes ; a7:d any licence granted to any other perfons than as aforefaid, were declared void:

Now be it further enadled, That in any cafe where a licence Victuallers, fhall have been granted for retailing fpirituous liquors, to any ^aiN iritu-perfon who fhall, at the time of granting fuch licence, keep a oas liquors by tavern, vidlualling-houfe, inn, coffee-houfe, or ale-houfe, if licence, fuch perfon fo licenfed fhall afterwards, during the time of continuing fuch licence, exercife the trade of a difliller, grocer, or chandler, or keep a brandy fhop or (hops for fale of any fpirituous liquors, the licence granted in every fuch cafe fhall be void ; and fuch perfons retailing fuch fpirituous liquors afterwards, fhall forfeit ten pounds for every fuch offence, notwithftanding fuch licence fo obtained as aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Perfons felling

from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand in leis quanti-feven hundred and forty four, every perform or perfons who fhall	*	&al’

by him, or herfelf, or themfelves, or by his, her, or their fer- deemedretall-vant or other perfon employed by him, her, or them, or for his, ers.

her, or their benefit, retail any fpirituous liquors mixed or un- *4 Geo. z. mixed with any ingredients to be drank or confumed in any c-quantity whatfoever, in his, her, or their houfes, warehoufes, fhops, cellars, vaults, fheds, or other places to him, her, or them belonging, or that fhall retail or fend the fame abroad out of their faid houfes, warehoufes, florehoufes, fhops, cellars, vaults, rooms, fheds, or other places, in lefs quantity than two gallons, without firft taking out a licence for that purpofe, and renewing the fame, as in the adl paffed in the fixteenth year of his prefent Majefty is particularly diredted, fhall be deemed a retailer of fpirituous liquors within the meaning of the faid adl, and as fuch fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence.

XX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, jnformer to That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou- be paid 5 U feven hundred and forty four, in all cafes where the perfons incurring the pecuniary penalties of the faid adl made in the fix-

O 4	teenth

200	Anno	decimo	feptimo	Georgii II. c. 18. \i 744*

teenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for laying* a duty on the retailers of fpirituous liquors, or of this ad, are not able to pay the fame, but in lieu thereof are or fhall be fent to the houfe of correction, it fhall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of excife in England and Scotland refpedively, to caufe fuch re-wards, not exceeding five pounds, to be paid to the feveral and xefpedive perfons who fhall appear to them to be intitled thereto as informers, as to them fhall feem meet, out of any money that fhall be in their hands, or of any officer belonging to them, that hath arifen or fhall arife by virtue of any penalties or forfeitures incurred by the faid former or by this ad; and the money fo paid fhall be accepted of and allowed in their account, as fo much money paid to his Majefly; and the faid commiffi-opers are and fhall hereby be difcharged thereof accordingly.' licence not to	XXL And be it further enaded, That no licence for retail-

other than The	*P^rituous liquors fhall authorize and impower any perfon

houfe men- ^ to whom the fame may be granted, to fell fuch fpirituous likened in it. quors in any other place, except in fuch houfes or places thereunto belonging, wherein he, fhe, or they fhall inhabit and dwell, at the tipie of granting fu^h licence.

cap. xvin,

yin aft fcr raifing by annuities^ and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, at three pounds per centum per annum, for the fervice of the year §ne thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

W£ yopr Majefty’s mpft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain ip parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife the neceffary fupplies which we have cheer^ fully granted to your Majefly, in the eafiefl manner we are able, for the benefit of your fubjeds, have freely and voluntarily given and granted, and by this ad do give and grant unto your Majefly the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed in fuch manner and form as is herein after direded $ and to that end do mofl humbly befeech your Majefly, that it may be enaded 5 and be it enaded by the King's nioft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, apd by the authority of the fame, That all and every the annuities which by this ad fhall be granted and made pay-Mo0,oo&l. able in refped of the faid principal fum of one million eight granted to his hundred thoufand pounds, until redemption thereof by parjia-Majeliy, mept in manner herein after mentioned, fhall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the furplus or remainder of the monies arifen, or which fhall from time to time arife and be remaining in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of or. for the rafes and duties on fpirituous liquors granted by an ad charged oft pf parliament palled in the fixteenth year of his Majefty’s reign,

after

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo GeorgIIII. c« 18.	201

after paying or referving fufficient to pay the united company the duties on

of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, the annuity ^^ous ^

or yearly fund becoming due from time to time quarterly to the "

laid company, and charged upon, and made payable out of, the

fame furplus or remainder granted to his Majefty, in purfuance

of one other a£t palled in this feffion of parliament; and the

laid furplus or remainder of the faid rates and duties on fpiri-

tuous liquors are hereby made a fund, and appropriated for that

purpofe accordingly : and for or towards raifing the faid fum or

fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one

million eight hundred thoufand pounds, for the purpofes afore-

faid, it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or per- Three per Tons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to con- cent.annuities tribute, advance, and pay unto the firft or chief cafhier or to be purchaf-cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England efl by all per-for the time being, at or before the refpecftive days and times by this a (ft limited in that behalf, any fum, or fums of money, not t0 paid in-exceeding one million two hundred thoufand pounds, in part of to the bank, the faid whole fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, for the abfolute purchafe of any certain annuity or annuities, to commence from the ninthday of April, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and to be paid and payable to fuch contributor or contributors, or fuch as he, (he, "or they (ball nominate, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns refpedtively, in manner herein after mentioned, fo as fuch cafhier or cafhiers do firft give fecurity, to the good liking Calhiers to of any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury now give fecurity'. being, or the high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, for duly anfwering, and paying into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer for the publick ufe, the monies fo to be advanced and contributed, and to account duly for the fame; which annuities before mentioned (hall be computed at Annuities to the rate of three pounds per annum for every one hundred'be 3I. per cent, pounds, and proportionably for any greater pr lefs fum fo to be advanced and paid ; and the purchafe-money for every fuch annuity at the rate aforefaid, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the faid cafhier or calhiers as aforefaid, at or before the refpec-tive days or times herein after limited ; that is .fay, one fourth when the part thereof on or before the faid ninth day of Aprils one thou- purchafe-mo-fand feven hundred and forty four, one other fourth part thereof n?y (or annu-onor before the ninth day of July then next enfuing, one other	be

fourth part thereof on or before the twenty eighth day of Sep- P tember then next enfuing, and the remaining one fourth part thereof on or before the twentieth day of December then next following ; all which annuities fo to be purchafed, (hall be paid when the an-3.nd payable at two of the mod ufual feafts or days of payment nuities are to in the year; that is to fay, The feaft of the nativity of faint be Paid.

John the Baptijf, and of the birth of our Lord Chrift, or within fix days after every of the faid feaft days; the firft payment thereof to be computed and paid at the rate of three pounds per

century

Hosted by Google

202	Anno	decimo feptimo GeORGII II. C. i ?.	[1744?

centum per annum on the whole fum, to be paid by fuch contri-* butors, for the purchafe of any part of the faid annuities, from the faid ninth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, unto the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, or within fix days after the faid feaft day; ne-verthelefs, the faid annuities fhall be redeemable, according to the purport and true meaning of a provifo or condition, herein Cafhiers to after contained in that behalf, and not other wife; and the faid give recepts calhier and cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the for the money bank of England for the time being, is or are hereby authorized paid them, ancj reqUirec]5 upon the advancing and paying to him or them any fuch fum or fums of money as aforefaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing figned by himfelf or themfelves, for each payment, to the contributor or payer thereof (which receipt fhall be afllgnable by indorfement thereupon made, at any. time before the twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and no longer) and from time to time to and to pay the pay into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer all the monies money into the which he or they fhall receive of or for the faid fum, not exexchequer. ceeding one million two hundred thoufand pounds, as fall as he or they fhall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the fartheft; and to account for all the monies fo to be advanced and paid to him or them in his Majefty’s court of exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof; in which account the faid cafhier or cafhiers fhall have juft allowance of all monies which he or they fhall have allowed or paid for prompt payment, purfuant to this add.

II.	And it is hereby ena&ed, That in the office of the ac-comptant general of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, there fhall be provided and kept a book or books, in which there fhall be fairly entered the names of all who fhall be contributors for fuch annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum as aforefaid, and of all perfons by whofe hands the faid contributors fhall pay in any of the faid fums upon this add, and alfo the fums fo paid; to which book or books it fhall be lawful for the faid refpeddive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and aftigns, from time to time, at all feafonable times, to have re-

A co of the ^0rt5 an<^ t0 *n^Pec^ fame* without any fee or charge; and books*k>°be C t^ie accomptant general for the time being fhall, on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

III.	And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every contributor and contributors upon this add, duly paying the whole confideration or purchafe-money at the rate aforefaid, at or before the refpedtive days and times in this add before limited m that behalf, for fuch annuity or annuities as

aforefaid,

a

Cafliier’s allowance on accounting at the exchequer.

Books to be kept at the bank.

for publick perufal.

tranfmitted into the exchequer.

Contributors ehates fubjed only to redemption.

Hosted by Google

1744*3 Anno decimo feptimo Georgn II. c. rS.	203

aforefaid, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their refpecftive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns, • fhall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this a<ft, to have, receive, and enjoy, the refpecftive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed out of the monies^ by this acft appro- , priated or appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid; and fhall have good’and fure eftates and interefts therein for ever, fubjecft' only to the provifo or condition of redemption in this acft afterwards contained concerning the fame; and that all the feveral Annuities free and refpeftive annuities, payable in purfuance of this acft, after *rom taxes-the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and all and every the principal fums for which the fame are to be payable, fhall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

IV.	And it is hereby provided and enabled by the authority Three per aforefaid, That all and every perfon or perfons who fhall be- cent. allowed come interefted in, or intitled to, any annuity of annuities, part Pror"Pt of the faid fum of one million two hundred thoufand pounds, Pa^me

to be fubfcribed for in. purfuance. of this acft, (hall, upon com-pleating the payments of the whole purchafe-money, payable in refpecft thereof, be allowed and paid by way of rebate, a premium or allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the refpe&ive fums they fhall become interelled in, or intitled unto, as aforefaid; which are hereby directed to be thereupon forthwith placed to the credit of the faid contributors, and made transferable in the books of the bank of England, by this a6t appointed to be kept for that purpofe.

V.	Provided alfo. That in cafe any fuch contributor as afore- if only ©ne of faid, who fhall, on or before the faid ninth day of Aprils one the four pay-thoufand feven hundred and forty four, have advanced to the me"ts be faid cafhier or cafhiers one fourth part of his, her, or their pur- ^af0erVeited. chafe-money, and his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afiigns, do hot adyance and pay to the faid cafhier

or cafhiers, one other fourth part of his, her, or their confider-ation-money, fo to be paid for fuch refpe<ftive annuity or annuities as aforefaid, on or before the ninth day of July then next enfuing; and one other fourth part thereof, on or before the twenty eighth day of September then next enfuing; and the remaining one fourth part thereof on or before the twentieth day of December then next following; then, and in every fuch cafe refpecftively, fo much of the confideration-money as fhall have been a<ftually paid in part thereof only to the faid cafhier or cafhiers for fuch refpe<ftive annuity, fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; and no premium at the rate aforefaid fhall be payable for the faid firft payment; any thing in this acft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And whereas it is intended that the fum of fix hundred thou-

fand pounds, being the reftdue of the faid fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, already charged by this a5l upon the fame furplus or remainder of the monies arifen or to a'rife of or for the rates and duties on fpirituous liquors appropriated for payment thereof in wanner before directed and appointed,/ball be raifed by zvay of a '	lotteryf

Hosted by Google

204	Anno	decimo	feptimo	Georgii II. C. 18.	£1744.

Lottery annu- lottery, r/v purchafe of annuities after the rate of three pounds ities to be per centum per annum, in manner herein after mentioned; be it the fur plusof t^lere^ore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the annuities the duties on becoming due and payable to the contributors to the lottery fpirituous li- herein after mentioned, thdir executors, adminiftrators, and af-quors.	figns, at the faid rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in

refpedt of the faid principal fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, in manner hereafter in this adl exprefied, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf, (hall be charged upon the faid furplusor remainder, from the feaft day of the-birth of our Lord Chrift one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and (hall from time,\s and paid half- t0 ^me Paid half-yearly at the feafts of the nativity of Saint yearly.	John the Baptijl, and the birth of our Lord Chrift, by even and

equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be due and payable for the half-year, ending at the.feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptijl, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five. Tickets to be VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

101. each. That for or towards railing the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute by paying at or before the refpe£hve times by this a6t limited in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fum of ten pounds, or divers entire fums of ten pounds upon this a<ft; and that every fuch contributor or adventurer, for every fuch fum of ten pounds which he, fhe, or they fhall fo advance, (hall be '	interefted in fuch lot or fhare of and in the joint ftock of annui-

ties eftablifhed by this a6t, as is herein after mentioned and appointed in that behalf; and the fame entire fums of ten pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto fuch receiver or receivers, at fuch time or times, and in fuch proportions at a time, as are herein after mentioned in that behalf; that is to Times of pay- ^ay? one fourth part thereof on or before the ninth day of Aprils ing the pm-- one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, one other fourth chafe money part thereof on or before the eighth day of June then next en-

tkke°tst€ry fuinS’

one other fourth part thereof on or before the tenth day of Augujl then next enfuing, and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the^fifth day of Oftober then next following.

'“'ommiffioners of the treafuiy to appoint managers of the lottery. There fhall be printed 60,000 tickets, 9,780 fliall be fortunate ; two of them io,oool. tour 5,000 I. five 2,oool. twelve 1,0001. twenty-five 500I. one hundred and ninety nine 100I. four hundred and four 50I. nine thoufand one hundred and twenty nine 20I. which with 500I. to the firft drawn ticket, and 1,0001. to the laft drawn ticket, will amount to 298,680!. which added to 301,320! payable on the remaining 50,220 blank tickets, at 61. each, amount together to 600,0001. purchafer not paying his whole contribution money by the time fixed, fhall lofe what he has paid. Tickets undifpoled of, (hall be delivered back into the-exchequer. Guardians of infants may place thejr money in the lottery. Tickets to be changed for certificates after the lottery is drawn. EXP.

Timely notice XXII. And be it further enaefted, That fuch of the faid mate be adver- pagers as any three or tporeof the comjxuffioners of the treafury,

dr

Hosted by Google

1744*] Annodecimo feptimo Georgii IL c. 18.	205

or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall appoint to take in tjfed, when the faid tickets, and deliver oqt the faid certificates for and in [ai^en^in^ and0 lieu thereof, fhall give timely notice by advertifement, to be certificates printed and publifhed in manner as they fhall think fit, of the delivered, days and times for taking in the faid tickets, and delivering out the faid certificates for and in lieu of the fame; and every per-Ton’s certificate fhall be numbered in courfe, according to their bringing their tickets to the faid officer or officers fo to be appointed for exchanging the fame; to which purpofe fuch officer Names of per-or officers fhall enter, or caufe to be entered into a book or books, fonsexchange to be by him or them kept for that purpofe, the name of every inS tickets, perfonwho brings any ticket or tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificate or certificates, and the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets which fhall be fo brought by fuch perfon or per-fons, the value in principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of our Lord, when the fame was fo brought; which book and books fhall lie open in the Value of the office to be appointed for taking in the faid tickets to be ex- prizes, and changed for fuch certificates, for all perfons concerned to perufe; the annuities . all which certificates fhall be figned by the officer or officers fo ^ to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be directed to be entred in a the accomptant-general of the bank of England fpr the time book, being.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Annuities \ That the faid accomptant-general of the bank of England for the made tranf-time being, to whom the faid certificates are to be directed as Ierrable* aforefaid, fhall upon receiving and taking in the faid certificates, or any of them, give credit to the perfons named therein in the fame book or books, with the contributors for the purchafe of the annuities,- not exceeding one million two hundred thoufand pounds herein before directed to beinferted in a book or books, or in any other book or books to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe, for the principal fums contained in every fuch certificate; and the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums fhall be entered in the faid book or books, his, her, or their executors and adminiftrators, fhall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any part, fhare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate whatfoever, in other books to be prepared and kept by the faid accomptant-general for that purpofe ; and the principal fums fo affigned or transferred, (hall carry the faid annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and (hall be taken and deemed to be dock transferable by this a 61, according to the powers and authority herein after mentioned, until the redemption thereof as aforefaid ; and the faid accomptant-general of the bank of England for the time being, is hereby authorized and directed to cancel and file the certificates as they fhall from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the perfons bringing in the fame a note under his hand, tefiifying the principal money for which they have credit in the faid book or books, by

reafon

Hosted by Google

annuities.

Money to be paid into the bank by the exchequer.

206	Anno declmo feptimo GRorgii II. c. 18.	{1744;

reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken.in, and cancelled as aforefaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

XXIV.	And for the more eafy and fure payment of the fe-veral and refpe&ive annuities, amounting in the whole to one million eight hundred thoufand pounds, by this a6t authorized to be purchafed as aforefaid ; it is hereby further enacted by the Bank of Eng- authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the t>an^ °f England, and their fucceffors, fhall from time to time, until the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, fhall be redeemed according to this a6t, appoint and employ one fufficient perfon within their office in the city of London to be their chief or firft cafhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon within the fame office to be their accomptant-general \ and that fo much of the faid furplus or remainder of the monies from time to time arifing into the receipt of the exchequer, for the faid rates and duties on fpirituous liquors, by this a6l appropriated for this purpofe (after fatisfying the annuity charged upon the faid furplus, and made payable to the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies as aforefaid) as fhall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities and other payments directed to be paid or difcharged out of the fame, {hall, by order of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors for the time being, without any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time at the refpedlive half-yearly feaft days, or days of payment in this ac5l before appointed for payment thereof, be iffued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer to the faid firft or chief caftiier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of the faid feveral and refpedlive annuities to be purchafed upon this a£t, at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form, as are by this adt prefcribed in that behalf; and that all and every fuch cafhier or

Caftiiers to

account back cafhiers to whom the faid monies fhall from time to time be into the exchequer.

iffued, fhall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.	And it is hereby alfo enadted, That the faid accompt-ant general for the time being, fhall from time to time infpedt and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent Annuities not any fraud, negligence or delay; and that all and every perfon ableVo theP " anc* Per^ons whatfoever, who fhall be intitled to any of the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per a?mum, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hall be poffeffed thereof as of a perfonal eftate, and the fame {hall not be defcendible to the heir, and {hall not be liable

to

heir, and be deemed per-fonal eft ate.

Hosted by Google

1744-1 Anno dedmo feptimo Georgii II. C.18.	207

to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife, any law, ftatute or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, Annuities a-That all the monies to be advanced or contributed, or to which mounting to any perfon or perfons (hall become intitled upon this a£t, for or deemed, towards the faid fum not exceeding one million eight hundred one capital thoufand pounds, fhall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one flock* capital or joint flock, on which the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum (hall be attending* and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion, to the money by him, her or them advanced, or to which they fhall become in-titled as aforefaid upon this a£t, (hall have, and be deemed to have a proportionable intereft and fhare in the faid flock, and in the annuity attending the fame at the rate aforefaid ; and that which flock is the faid whole capital or joint flock, or any (hare or intereft there- made tranf-in, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, (hall be ferrable. aflignable and transferrable as this adt diredts, and not other-wife; and that there fhall conftantly be kept at all feafonable times in the office of the faid accomptant general for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books wherein all affignments or transfers of the faid whole capital or joint flock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame at the rate aforefaid, fhall be entred and regiftred; which The accompr entries fhall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and t^kJ^trans-fhall be (igned by the parties making fuch affignments or trans- fer-books. fers; or if fuch parties be abfent, by his, her or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneffes, and that the perfon or perfons to whom fuch transfer (hall be made, do underwrite his, her or their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of affigning or transferring the faid flock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good or available in law.

XXVII.	Provided always, That any perfon or perfons pofleff- Annuities ed of fuch (lock, with the annuity or annuities attending the H?ay be defame, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by V1^ed 5 will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles; but

that fuch devifee fhall receive no payment thereupon, till fo much but (hall be of the faid will as relates to the faid flock or annuity be entred in	m	the

the faid office ; and in default of fuch transfer or devife, the faid flock and annuities attending the fame, (hall go to the executors or adminiftrators ; and that no ftamp duties whatfoever (hall be Transfers to charged on the faid transfers, or any of them ; any other law or be made with-ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.	out Aamps.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the au- Bank of Eng-thority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the land to con-bank of England, and their fucceftors (notwithftanding the re- tinue.a c0.1*-demption of all or any their own funds, in purfuance of the thefe^an-11 adts for eftablifhing the fame, or any of them) (hall continue a nuities are re*

corporation, deemed.

Hosted by Google

2oS

No fees to be taken.

Penalty on taking fees,

CommifTion-ers of the treafury to appoint the

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGIi II. c. 18.	[1744;

corporation, vvith all the powers, privileges and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purpofes in this a6t expreffed, till all the annuities to be purchafed on this a<51 (hall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf 3 and the faid governor and company, or any members thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this ach

XXIX.	And it is hereby enacted by the authority afore-faid, That no fee or gratuity whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty’s fubje&s for receiving or paying the faid contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or other receipts concerning the fame, or for iffuing the monies for paying the faid feveral annuities, or any of them ; and that no fee or gratuity (hall be demanded or taken for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this a6t, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity, contrary to this a6l, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft-minjler.

XXX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any

falaries for the three or haore of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time feveral offi- being, fhall have power, and they are hereby authorized to fettle cers*	and	appoint	fuch	allowances	(out	of	the	contributions	to	the

lottery herein before mentioned) as they (hall think juft and rea-fonable, for the ferviee, pains and labour of the receiver or receivers of the contributions to the faid lottery, for receiving and accompting for the fame 3 as alfo for the ferviee, pains and labour of the cafhier or cafniers of the governor and company of the bank of E?iglandj for receiving and accompting for the contributions to the annuities granted by this acl 3 and aifo fuch further allowances (out of the faid furplus or remainder of the monies to arife by the faid fpirituous liquors by this act appropriated) as they (hall think juft and reafonable, for receiving, paying and accompting for the feveral and refpedtive annuities payable in refpedt thereof 3 and alfo for the ferviee, pains and trouble of the accomptant-general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him by this a6t 3 all which allowances hereby impowered to be made as aforefaid, in refped to the ferviee, pains and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXI.	And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if at any time or times the produce of the faid furplus or remainder of the faid rates or duties on fpirituous liquors, fhall happen to be fo low or deficient, as that the monies arifing therefrom into the exchequer (hall not be fufficient to pay and

difeharge

Hosted by Google

1744.] Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii II. C. 18J	209

difcharge thte feveral and refpedive annuities, and other charges directed to be paid thereout, at the end of either of the fefpec-tive half-yearly days of payment, at which the fame are hereby direded to be paid ; then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe. Manner of fuch deficiency or deficiencies (hall and may be fupplied out of paying den-\ the overplus monies that fhall or may happen to' arife and be ciencks. paid into the exchequer, in any of the fubfequent half-years, as the faid refpedive annuities (hall from time to time become due and payable; and in cafe fuch overplus monies (hall not be fufficient to fatisfy the deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the deficiencies fo from time to time happening, (hall from time to time be anfwered and made good by and out of thefirft fupplies which (hall be granted in parliament next after fuch deficiencies fhall appear; and in cafe no fuch fupplies (hall be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiencies (hall happen, then the fame fhall be made good out of any the monies which at any time or times fhall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufies, excefies or overplus monies, commonly called the Jinking fund (except fuch monies of the fame finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund fhall and may be from time to time iflued and applied accordingly.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authori- Sinking find ty aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall be fo iflued out of the repzud faid finking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and Applies?6* out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- Surplus to rity aforefaid, That in cafe there (hall be anyifurpius or remain- be difpofed of der of the monies arifing by the faid rates or duties, after the by Pariia“ faid feveral and refpedive annuities, and all arrears thereof arem fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved for that purpofe;

fuch furplus or remainder fhall from time to time be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and fhall not be iflued but by authority of parliament, and as (hall be direded by future ad or ads of parliament; any thing in any former or other ad of ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the Manner of authority aforefaid. That at any time upon one year’s notice to redemption be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of parliament, at any of the half-yearly feaft days for payment of the faid refpedive annuities,

or either of them, and upon repayment by parliament of the refpedive principal fums for which the faid refpedive annuities, or either of them, (hall be payable to fuch refpedive perfons or corporations as (hall be intitled to the fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame tnnuities; then, and not till then, the faid refpedive annuities (hail ceafeand determine, and be underftoodto be redeemed, andfrom and after fuch redemption., the monies arifing from the faid furplus 01 remainder of the faid Vcl. XVIII.	P	r-fc*

Notice of redemption.

General iflue.

Treble colls,

AnnoclecimofeptimoGEORGii II. C.19—23. [17444

rates and duties (hall not be ifiued or applied to any ufe or purpofe, but as (hall be direded by future a61 or ads of parliament; any thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithflanding; and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons fignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be inferred in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be fuf-ficient notice within the words and meaning of this ad.

XXXV.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any matter or thing in this ad contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cods to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

No dividing or letting out tickets but for the whole time. Office-keepers publifliing Tchemes for gaming with tickets not in their pofieffion, to forfeit 5001. Half to the King, and half to the informer; and three months imprifonment. Exp.

C A P. XIX.

An ad for continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad of parliament palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late m a jelly King George the Firft, for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge, in the county of Middlefex, to that end of Maidenhead Bridge which.lies in the county of Bucks.

<Tke a5l 13 Geo, 1. c. 31. continued for 21 years.

CAP. XX.

An ad for continuing and making more effedual an ad made in the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing the feveral roads leading to and from the town of Derby in the county of Derby ,

The a 51 11 Geo. 2. c. 33, continued for 21 years.

CAP. XXL

An ad for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or a fixth part of a penny (lerling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which (hall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the town of Borrowttoun-nefs, and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, for repairing the harbour tif the faid town.

CAP. XXII.

An ad for repairing the road leading from the end of Middleton Tyas-lane over Gatherly-Moor to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes in the north riding of the county of York.

Certain tolls granted for 21 years,

CAP. XXIII.

An ad for more effedually repairing the road from Cherill (through Caine) to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Borough, at the#op of Cherill Hill in the county of Wilts*

Certain tolls granted for zb years*

CAP.

Hosted by Google

1744-] Anno decimo feptimo GeoAgii II. C. 24,-284	211/

CAP. XXIV.

An aft fbr moreeffeftually repairing the roads from Colefhill in the-county of Warwick, through the city of Litchfield, to Stone in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the city of Chefter, and for amending o-ther roads therein mentioned.

<Tbe att 2 Geo. 2. c. 5. continued for 21years*

CAP. XXV.

An aft for repairing the road between the town of Kingfton upon Hull? and the town of Beverley in the eafl riding of the county of York.

Certain tolls granted for 21 years.

CAP. XXVI.

An a61 to reftify a miftake in an aft made this fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for the fpeedy and effectual recruiting of his Majefly s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufandfeajen hundred and forty four.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for continuing an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of

his late majefly King George the Firft, fo far as the fame relates to the	1

repairing the road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham in the county of Wilts, and for amending the road from Chippenham to Pickwick in the faid county.

Part of the aft 13 Geo. 1. c. 13. continuedfor z^years.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for explaining and amending an aft paffed in the ftxth year of his prefent Majefly*s reign, intituled. An aft to recover and preferve the navigation of the river Dee in the county palatine of Chefler-, and another aft paffed in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefly's reign, intituled9 An aft for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee and for repealing the tonnage rates payable to the faid undertakers 3 and for granting to them other tonnage or keelage rates in lieu thereof 3 and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the flxth year e Geo# 2 c. 30;

of bis Majefly*s reign, intituled. An aft to recover and preferve the navigation of the river Dee in the county palatine of Chefler, reciting. That by an aft of parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled. An aft to enable the mayor and citizens 0£11 Chefler to recover and preferve the navigation of the river Dee, reciting. That the faid river Dee ivas theretofore navigable for Jhips and vejfels of a confiierable burden, from the fea to the city of Chefter; but, by negleft of the faid river, and for want of fufficient banks, works, and fences on the fedes thereof, againfl the flux and reflux of the fea, the channel of the faid river was become fo various and uncertain, that by fands and otherwife, the navigation to the faid city was almofl lofl and deflroyed, the mayor and citizens of the faid city ■

P %	if

Hosted by Google

212

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 28.	[1744;

of Chefter, and their fuccejfors, were impowered to male the faid river navigable from the fea to the faid city of Chefter, for Jhips of one hundred tons, or upwards; and to enable them fo to do, certain duties, in the faid aft mentioned, were laid upon coals, lime, and lime f one, brought to,	unloaded within the liberties of the faid

city, for the term of t wenty one years; and the property of the fands, foil, and ground, therein mentioned,	immediately, from and

after fuch time as the faid river and channelJhould be made navigable and pajfable with and for fuch Jhips and veffiels to and from the faid city of Chefter, if	//;* faid mayor and citizens,	fif/r

fucceffiors, for ever; they were at liberty to defend, inclofe, and improve the fame,	receive the rents and profits thereof and apply

the fame for maintaining and repairing the intended works and fences, and for making, ere fling, and doing fuch further and other works, fences, things, from time to time, as occafion Jhould require, for making and keeping the faid river navigable: and reciting, "That fever al confederate fums of money had been laid out and expended pur-fuant to the faid aft; but the faid river was not made navigable, the provijions for making the fame navigable by the faid recited aft being infiufficient; and that the time thereby granted for making the fame navigable was expired: and reciting, That the fands, foil, and ground, not bearing grafs, commonly called the White Sands, from the city of Chefter to the fea, and lying between the county 0/Chefter on the north fide, and the county of Flint, on the fouth fide, are of great breadth in mojl places ; and that the faid river's not being navigable, was chiefly owing to the breadth of the faid fands, and to the Jhifting of the channel from one fide thereof to the other, as the winds and tide varied ; and that the faid fiand, foil, and ground, commonly called the White Sands, ivere not, nor was likely to be of any advantage or benefit to any perfon what fo ever, unlefs the faid river were bounded in, and made navigable by fea walls, banks, and fences, as aforefiaid, which required a very great expence, as well to ere ft as to maintain and repair from time to time, as occafion Jhould require, but that yet never thelefs, if the faid fands, foil, or ground commonly called the White Sands, were recovered from the fea by fea walls, banks, and fences, as aforefiaid, and the channel thereby confined to one certain courfe, it zuould not only ejfequally make the faid river navigable, but that vefling the faid White Sands in the undertakers, would be a confiderable encouragement to the undertaking thereof: and reciting. That the making the faid liver navigable would be a means to advance the trade of the faid city, and that a great benefit zuould accrue thereby to the inhabitants thereof, and to the towns and countries adjacent or near the faid river, as alfo be a means to increafe the number of ft amen and watermen, and promote the publick good of this kingdom ; Nathaniel Kinderley, in the faid aft named, his heirs, and ajfigns, and fuch perfon or perfons, as the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirs or ajfigns, Jhould nominate and appoint, under his or their hand and Jeal, ivere, by the faid aft of the fixth year of his prefent Ma-jefly's reign, appointed undertakers of the faid navigation, and authorized and impowered at their own cofts and charges, by ihemfelves, their deputies, agents, officers, workmen, and fervants, from time

te

Hosted by Google

1744-] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 28.

to time, and at all times thereafter, to male and keep the jaid river Dee navigable from the fea to a certain point within the liberties of the city of Chefter called Wilcox Point, in fuch manner that there Jhould be fixteen foot water in every part of the faid river at a moderate fpring tide, for fhips and veffels to come and go to and from the faid city5 and to that end to alter, dir eft, and male, or caufe to be altered, directed, and made, the channel of the faid river to run through fuch part of the faid fand, foil, and ground* commonly called the White Sands, or the common fait marjhes thereunto adjoining, or through the marjh or marjhes of ]ohn Wright efquirey commonly called Brewers Hall Marfti, as the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirsy affignSy or nominees jhould think fit\ and the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirs, aJfignSy or nominees had further powers granted them by the faid aft, as therein mentioned; and as the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirsy aJfignSy or nominees, wouldnecejfarily be at a very confiderable charge and expence in making the faid river navig-abley as alfo in repairing and keeping up the fame fit for fuch navigation as aforefaidy it was by the faid aft of the fixth year of his prejent Majefiy enaftedy That immediately from and after fuch time as the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirSy aJfignSy or nomineesy Jhould make the faid river Dee navigable and pajfable with and for Jhips and veffels in manner as aforefaidy all merchants, ownersy and proprietors of any goodsy wareSy merchandizeSy or other commoditieSy that Jhould be brought into the faid river and channely and that Jhould be haded aty or Jhipped ojfy or font from the city of Chefter, or at or from any other place or places whatfioevery between the faid city 0/XJhefter, and Park-gate in the county of Chefter on the north fide of the faid river, and between the city of Chefter and the town of Flint, in the county of Flint, on the fiouth fide of the faid river, Jhould pay unto the find Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirsy or aJfignSy or iiomineeSy all and every fuch dutyy tonnage, fum and fiums of money, as in the faid aft are mentioned; andy as a farther recompence for the expences which the faid undertakers Jhould be at in making the faid river navigabley certain fiandSy marJheSy and fait grafiy and other lands therein men-tionedy iverey fio fioon as the faid river was made navigable, vefied in the faid undertaker sy to and for their proper ufey under the provifoes and conditions in the faid aft mentioned; and commijfioners ivere appointed by the faid afty for fettling and adjufting in the tnanner therein mentionedy all matters about which any difference or controverfy, Jhould arifie betiveen the faid undertakers and the proprietors of any of the lands adjoining to the faid river, in the mariner therein mentioned; and the faid commijfioners were thereby impoweredy in the manner therein mentionedy to fettle and ajfifs recompence and fatisfaftion to be made for any damage sy that might happen to any of the lands or fijheries in the find aft mentionedy by reajon or means of the faid navigation : and the faid undertakers were by the faid aft direfted to in-vefi ten thoufand pounds in South Sea annuitiesy or other government fecuritieSy in the name of Thomas Revel, John Manley, and Benjamin Hoare, efquireSy and John Bland banker, to remain as § fund to anfwer the damages ]afi mentionedy for the fpace of three

P 3	yeprs

Hosted by Google

Anno decitno feptimo Seorgii II. c. 28.	[	1744;

years from and after fucb time as the faid navigation Jhould be fully fompleated: and it zvas thereby alfo enabled. That in cafe the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirs, affigns, or nominees, Jhould not begin the jaid undertaking on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty five, and finijh the fame, in making the faid river navigable according to the intent and true mean-ing of the faid aft, on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty tivo, all and every the powers, authorities, rights, privileges, and interefl of the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirs, and nominees, Jhould ceafe, determine, and be utte?dy void: and that it Jhould not be laivful for any proprietor or undertaker or his, her, or their heirs, any perfon or perfons claiming under them or any of them, to fell, ajfign,	tfr <#-

of by any ways or means whatfoever, A/V,	/ter interefl

in the faid undertaking, or any part or jhare thereof to any per Jon or perfons whatfoever,	tfr the faid	river

Jhould be made navigable as aforefaid; as in and by the faid aft of parliament of the fixth year of his Majefiys reign will more fully appear ; and whereas the faid Nathaniel Kinderley did afterwards, by an injlrument in zvriting dated the ninth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty three, duly executed by him under his hand and feal, declare, that his name was made ufe of in the [aid aft of parliament, in trujl for Thomas Watts and Richard Manley, efquires > and fuch other perfons as they Jhould appoint to be concerned in the faid undertaking to make the faid river Dee navigable according to the terms of the faid aft: and the faid Nathaniel Kinderley did afterwards duly nominate certain perfons, being forty in number, ta be the undertakers of the faid navigation: and by indenture quadru-partite, ?nade the ninth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, by and, between the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, of the firjl part j the faid Thomas Watts and Richard Manley, of the fecond part; Jofeph Davis and William Parfons 0/° London, gentlemen, of the third part; and ninety other fubferibers to the faid indenture, or to the fchedule thereof of the fourth part, and duly executed by all the faid parties,' it was agreed, that the faid fubferibers foould raife a joint fock of forty thoufand pounds, in the manner and on the trujls therein mentioned; zuhich trufs were, amongjl other things, to lay out the ten thoufand pounds to be depofited as a fund to anfwer the damages before fpecified, and alfo to lay out fuch films as Jhould be necejfary to recover and preferve the navigation of the river Dee, in fuch manner as in the faid aft is mentioned; and the refidue %f any) of the. faid forty thoufand pounds was to be in trujl for the Jaid fubferibers, in proportion to the fums by them refpeftively paid in: and it was by the faid indenture further agreed. That the duties and tonnage by the faid aft made payable to, and the fands, foil, ground, marjhes, and fait grafs thereby vefied in the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirs, ajfigns, or nominees, foould be and remain to and for the ufe and benefit of the faid fubferibers to the faid indenture, or to the fchedule thereto annexed, in proportion to the fums by them reffectively paid and to be paid in pur fiance of the faid indenture : and it zvas by the faid indenture agreed. That the J'aid joint Jloch of forty

thoufand

Hosted by Google

2*5

1744*1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 28.

thoufand pounds Jhould be divided into four hundred fhares, each con-fifing of one hundred pounds; and that each of the fubfcribers Jhould be entitled to fo many of the faid fares as he Jlmild have fiubfcribed and paid in one hundred pounds: and feveral provifions were by the faid indenture made for the management of the faid undertaking, for recovering and preferving the Jaid navigation, and of the affairs relating thereto ; as by the faid indenture may more fully appear: and whereas the faid undertakers, the affigns, or nominees of the faid N 2.-thaniel Kinderley, between the twenty feventh day of Auguft, and the ninth day tf/'November, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty five, did invejl the fum of ten thoufand pounds in the pur chafe of nine thoufand two hundred and ninety pounds, old South Sea annuities, in the names of the faid Thomas Revel, John Manley, Benjamin Hoare, and John Bland, as trufiees for the purpofes in the faid act of parliament mentioned; and the faid Benjamin Hoare afterwards refufing to accept the faidflock in the South Sea company* s books, or to aft in the faid trufl, the faid annuities were, inpurfuance of a decree of the high court of Chancery of Great Britain, made the eighteenth day of February, one thou]and feven hundred and thirty feven, transferred into the names of the faid Thomas Revel, John Man-ley, and John Bland, upon the fame trufis: and whereas the faid undertakers began the faid undertaking before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty five, and laid out the monies advanced and paid in and upon the faid indenture, in making the faid depofit of ten thoufand pounds in South Sea annuities, and for other the purpofes in the faid indenture mentioned, and great pro-grefs was thereby made in recovering the faid navigation; but the fame not being perfected, and it being neceffary to raife further monies for that purpofe, it was by deed-poll, bearing date the feventeenth day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty fix, agreed to advance ten per centum more on each their refpeClive fiubfcriptions to the faid indenture, for the purpofes in the faid indenture expreffed concerning the faidforty thoufand pounds; and afterwards there being a neceffity to raife further monies for the perfecting the faid navigation, by another deed-poll, bearing date the third day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty fix, it was agreed by the faid fubfcribers to the faid deed-poll, to advance twenty pounds per centum more on their refpe Clive fiubfcriptions to the faid indenture for perfecting the faid navigation: and whereas the fub fcribers to the faid'indenture, and to the faid deeds-poll, and undertakers of the faid navigation, having raifed and paid in forty feven thoufand eight hundred and thirty pounds, the fame was laid out in making the faid depofit, and in cutting and making a new channel for the faid river Dee through the adjacent marfhes, near ten miles in length ; and making a dam and Jluices crofs the faid old channel of the faid river, and deepening and fcouring thereof, and making other works neceffary for the recovering and preferving the navigation of the faid river, and in charges neceffarily attending the faid undertaking\ and the faid river was in the month of April one thoufand feven hundred and thirty feven, turned into the faid new channel, and hath ever fence continued to run through the fame, and ever fence that time fhips and vcffcls of confidcrable burden have failed

P 4	”	and

Hosted by Google

2l6



Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 28.	[1744;

end navigated through the [aid new channelup to the [aid point called Wilcox Point; and the J'aid undertakers being by the Jaid aft directed and impowered to make and keep the faid river navigable from the fea to the faid point called Wilcox Point, in fuch manner that there jhould be fifteen foot water in every part of the faid river at a ?noderate fpring tide, for fhips and vejfels to come and go to and from the faid city, feveral trials and foundings ivere had and made, in Order te afeertain the height the ivater floiocd to at a moderate fpring tide; and thereby the fame was afeertained and fixed, to be level with the height of nine foot above the bottom.floor, or apron of the ten gate fiuice, part of the ivorks of navigation created by the faid undertakers; and as a teftimonial thereof \ a pile was in the year one thoufand feven feven hundred and thirty eight, drove and fixed in the faid river, near the faid ten gate fiuice, on which the faid height of nine foot from the bottom floor or apron of the faid ten gate fiuice, was marked and fet as and for the (landard height of the water at a moderate fpring tide ; and the fame has fince been commonly called the jlandard: and where -as the faid undertakers finifhed the faid undertaking, in making the faid river navigable, according to the intent and true meaning of the faid recited act of the fixth year of his Majefly s reign, before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty, and have fince that time been at very great charges and expences in preferving and keeping the fame navigable, according to the intent and true meaning of the faid aft: and whereas the joint flock of the faid undertaking having been laid out as aforefaid, and proving in-fujficicnt for preferving and fecuring the works of navigation, and in-clofing and improving the finds and grounds vefied' by the faid aft in the faid undertakers, at a general meeting of the faid undertakers held the eleventh day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty, they did agree, that the faid joint flock Jhould be increafed to fifty two thoufand pounds9 and that application Jhould be made to parliament to incorporate the faid undertakers: and ivhereas by one other aft of parliament made in the fourteenth year of his Majeffs reign, intituled, ? An a£t for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of * the river Dee, it was amongfl other things enabled. That William Allix, anj the feveral other perfons therein named, proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferving the navigation of the fold river Dee, and the reprefentatives of fuch of the fubferibers to the faid indenture or deeds-poll as were dead, their federal and r effective fuccejfors, heirs, and affigns, Jbould be erefted into one company for the purpofes aforefaid, ami be incorporated, by the name of The company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferving the navigation of the river Dee, and have perpetualfucceffion, and a common feal, and have power to do all fuch afts as the faid Nathaniel Kind.erley, his heirs, affigns, or nominees, might have done, or Vo ere impowered to do, by virtue of the faid aft of the fixth year of his prfient Majefly ; and to take and receive all fuch duties, tonnage dues, and payments whatfoever, as the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, bis heirs, affigns, or nominees, were impowered to do by the faid aft; and to embark, inclofe, improve, and apply to the ufe of the faid company^ the ivbite funds, Jo if and ground, and other lands whatfoever ^

Hosted by Google

217

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c.28.

by the faid aft vejled in the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, of figns, and nominees,	/A*	and conditions in the faid aft

■nuntioned, in the fame manner as the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, ajfigns, or nominees, might have done ; and to execute all the powers and authorities vefed in the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, afigns, and nominees, by the faid aft, and in fuch manner as the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, afigns, or nominees, might ■have executed the fame,	wr/w of the faid aft, fubjeft to the li-

mitations, conditions, and reftriftions in the faid aft mentioned, as in and by the faid aft of parliament of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty will more fully appear: and whereas the tonnage rates and duties, which by the faid aft of parliament of the fixth year of his prefent Majejly, are charged and made payable for all goods, wares, merchandizes, and other commodities, brought into or loaded in the faid river, are by experience found to be too high, and to be a difcouragement to the trade of the faid city; and the mayor and citizens of Chefter, and the merchants and traders of Chefter have therefore requefed the faid company of proprietors of the un~ deriaking for recovering and preferving the navigation of the river Dee, to confent that the fame may be repealed, and that, in lieu thereof, other and eafier tonnage or keelage duties may be appointed to be paid to the faid company which the faid company have confented tothe doing whereof will be an encouragement to trade, and it will be for the common good of the faid undertaking, that the faid afts of parliament of the fixth and fourteenth years of his prefent Ma-jejly Jhould be explained and amended in the feveral other particulars hereafter mentioned', and the faid company, and the mayor and citizens, and merchants and traders of Chefter, have accordingly applied for fuch an aft to be paffed: and whereas it is reafonable and juf, that an aft of parliament Jhould pafs for the purpofes aforefaid; may it therefore pl.eafe your moil excellent Majefty, at the humble petition of the company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferving the navigation of the river Dee, and of the mayor and citizens, and merchants and traders of the faid city of Chefer, that it may be enabled, &c.

Repeal of the former rates of tonnage. New rates appointed, viz. For every fhip or veil'd coming to or going from Chefter, or any other place between Cheffer and Parkgate, on the north fide of the river, and between Cheiter and Flint on the louth fide, to or from any part of Great Britain or Wales between the faid city and Saint David’s Head, or Carlifle, for e-very ton 2 d. and for every fhip, See. going to or coming from any place between Saint David’s Head and the Land’s End,or beyond Carlifle to any part in or on this fide the Shetlands, or to and from the ifle of Man, for every ton 3d. and for every fhip, &c. going to or coming from Ireland, for every ton 4-d. and for every fhip, Sec. going to or coming from any place up the King’s Channel, beyond the Land’s End, or beyond the Shetlands, for every ton 4d. and for every fhip, &c. going to or coming from Norway, Denmark, Holftein, Holland, Hamburgh, Flanders, or any part of France without the {freights of Gibraltar, or the illands of Jerfey or Guernfey, for every ton 8d. and for every (hip, Sec. going to or coming from Newfoundland, Greenland, Ruflia, and within the Baltick, Portugal, and Spain without the Streights, Canaries, Madeiras, We Item Illes, A-zores, for every ton izd. and for every fhip, &c. going to or coming from £he Weft Indies, Virginia, or any other part of America, Africa, Europe,

°F

Hosted by Google

2l8

9 Geo, 2. c. 20

Number oF lamps to be fettled by the court of aldermen and common council.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 29.’	[1744;

or Afia within the Streights, Africa without the Streights, or Cape de Verd ifles, for every ton is. 6d. and for every veiTel, carrying goods from, or bringing goods to Chefter, or through any part of the new channel, in order to be put on board, or difcharged from any fhip, lying at Parkgate, Flint, or any other place within the port of Chefter, and below the channel, for every ton 2d. Repeal of a rate of 6d. per ton on the cheefe trade ; and 2d. per ton placed in the room. Skins or wool to pay the duty by weight only. Collector may weigh or gauge the goods. Duty (hall be paid before the veiTel is cleared. Colledlor may flop the veffel for the duty, and fell the fame after ten days. Duty for veflels lyingin the dock alter'd from 9d. to 6 d. Sixteen feet altered to 15 feet water, for the ftandard at a moderate fpring tide. The cit}', and company, to appoint two fupervif-ors. Penalty on the company's not keeping the river clear according to the ftandard. Thirteen commiftioners may make an order. Supervifors to found the river weekly, if required. Two other ftandard-piles to be eredted, and kept in repair. Clerk of the peace for Chefter to regifter the fupervifors a month after nomination. Books of the foundings to be kept by the fupervifors, for publick infpedtion. Copies of the books to be lodged with the clerk of the peace. Two ferries to be kept. Convenient roads to be made to and from the ferries, to be kept in repair by the company. Shares in the company to be deemed perfonal eftates. Pro-vifo for landholders. Perfons aggrieved may apply to the great feflions for the county of Flint. Five paftages to be kept for watering cattle. A furvey of the marfo lands on the fouth fide to be taken. Not to affedt royalties of fi/hing and fowling. No perfons to fix nets or flakes crofs the river.

CAP. XXIX.

An	aft for make more effectualfor	enlightening the

Jlreets of the city of London.

WHEREAS to prevent the committing of murders, robberies, burglaries, felonies, and other crimes of a heinous nature, in the flight feafon, in the Jlreets, lanes, paffages and courts within the city of London, and the liberties thereof, an aft of parliament zvas made and pajfcd in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent ' Majejly, for the better enlightening the Jlreets of the city of London : and whereas the provifions made by the faid aft have been found defective, and infufficient to anfwer the feveral ends and pur-pofes thereby intended: wherefore, and to the end the good pur-pofes intended by the faid acl may be carried on, and fully executed, for the fafety and prefervation of the citizens and inhabitants of the faid city, the mayor, aldermen, and commonalty of the city of London, in common council affembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fuch a convenient and fufficient number of glafs lamps, of fuch fort and fafhion as the mayor, aldermen, and commonalty of the faid city, in common council affembled, (hall think proper and requifite, fhall be from time to time eredled, fixed, fet up, and lighted in fuch parts and places, within the faid city or liberties thereof, as to the faid mayor, aldermen, and commonalty, in common council affembled, fhall feem meet and expedient.

II.	And for defraying the yearly charges of eredting, lighting, 2	"	Applying,

Hosted by Google

1744-] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 29.	219

fupplying, maintaining, and repairing the fame lamps; be it Rates to be further ena&ed, That from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, one or more rate ^a^rmenT* rates, affeflment or affeffments, fhall twice in every year (or and common ortner in every year, if it fhall be thought needful for that pur- council, pofe, by the mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled) be made, laid, and affeffed in every ward of the city of London, by the alderman, deputy and common council, or the major part of them, in each refpedfive ward, of and upon all and every the perfon or perfons who do or fhall inhabit, hold, occupy, or enjoy any lands, houfes, fhops, ware-houfes, cellars,' vaults, or other tenements, or any part thereof, within the faid city of London or the liberties thereof, who,' by the laws now in being, are liable to be, and from time to time fhall be actually rated towards the relief of the poor in the refpe&ive parifhes within the faid city of London and the liberties thereof, where fuch perfon or perfons (hall refpectively live, ■ or be occupiers, in fuch competent fum and fums of money as the faid mayor, aldermen, and commonalty of the faid city of London, in common council affembled, (hall, between the drib day of September and the twentieth of October, yearly and every year, order and direct, in purfuance of the power herein after inverted in them, fo as fuch affeflment or affeffments to be from time to time made by virtue or in purfuance of this acf, do not exceed in the whole the fum of fix pence in the pound in any Rates not to one year of the yearly rent of the houfes, meffuages, lands, te- exceed fix nements, and hereditaments of or belonging to fuch perfons fo Penc^in thc to be affeffed, as the fame fhall from time to time be ascertained p , and rated by the land tax within the refpecrtive wards of the faid city of London, fo as by fuch affeflment or affeffments no perfon or perfons be rated or affeffed in the whole in any one year, in refpecft of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, above the fum of fifty (hillings: and the refpecrtive collectors for the timenor 50S< ;n being, for the feveral wards within the faid city of London and any one year, the liberties thereof, who (hall be chofe in manner as herein after is appointed, are hereby authorized and required to co!le<5l to be collected quarterly of and from every perfon and perfons, who fhall be fo quarterly, rated or afleffed as aforefaid, fuch rates and fums of money as fhall be rated and affeffed as aforefaid by every fuch affeflment or affeffments.

III.	And, in order to afcertain the rates and affeffments to be Aldermen and raifed and levied by virtue of this acrt, be it further enadled by common

the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and council may

for the aldermen of the feveral wards within the faid city of Lon-

don, and their refpecrtive deputies and common council men for

the time being, at all feafonable and convenient times, to call take copies,

before them the feveral collectors of the land tax in each ward,

and to infpecf the books of affeflment of the land tax within

their refpective wards in the faid city of London and the liberties

thereof, and to take copies thereof, if they fhall think At.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That

Hosted by Google

220

Court of lord mayor and ab dermen to determine complaints, relating to afieiT-rnents.

Iloufesletiryto tenements (hall pay to the lamps.

Afleflments to be levied by diftrefs and fate.

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII II. C. 29.	[1744*

That if the alderman, deputy, and common council men of any ward in the city of London, fhall at any time or times hereafter, in any fuch rates or affeffments fo as aforefaid to be made by them, negledt or omit to rate or affefs any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or the inhabitants or occupiers thereof, within their refpedtive wards, in proportion to the yearly rent of any fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as the fame fhall be afcertained and rated in the land tax rate or affeffment, fo as the fame do not exceed the faid fum of fix pence in the pound, and fo as by any fuch rates or affeffments no perfon or perfons be rated or affeffed in the whole, in any one year, in refpedt of the fame, above the faid fum of fifty (hillings, that then, and fo foon as any fuch cafe fhall happen, and complaint (hall be made thereof by any inhabitant of the faid city of London, to the court of the lord mayor and aldermen of the faid city, who are hereby impowered and required to receive fuch complaint, and from time to time to fummon before them and examine witneffes thereon on oath, and with all convenient fpeed to hear and determine every fuch complaint; and the matter of any fuch complaint fhall, on hearing thereof, be adjudged by the faid court to be true, the faid court fhall thereupon from time to time order the deficiency which (hall be occafioned in every fuch ward, by fuch neglect or omiflion as aforefaid, to be rated and affeffed in the next year’s rate or affeffment, as (hall be made in every fuch ward, over and befides the ordinary rate or affeffment to be made for cr in refpedtof fuch ward for fuch the faid next year, in pur-fuance of this a£t.

V.	And whereas many houjes in feveral of the wards of the faid city are, by the feveral landlords or owners thereof let out in lodg-ings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby ft will be difficult to rate and affiefs fuch houfes ^ or to recover fuch rates and affeffments when made; for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each refpecftive ward, by and with the confent of his deputy and common council men, or the major part of them, from time to time and at all times when they are dire&ed to make a rate in puj-fuance of this acft, to rate and affefs the owner or owners of all fuch fioufes or tenements as (hall be let to, or occupied by three or more tenants; which rate and affeffment (hall be paid by one or more of the occupiers of any part or parts of fuch houfes : and in cafe any occupier or occupiers of any part of fuch houfes or tenements fhall refufe to pay the fame, then the faid rate and affeffment fhall be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the goods of him, her, or them fo refufing to pay the fame ; which diftrefs and fale fhall be made in fuch manner as otherdiftreffes and fales are in this a£l directed ; and fuch occupier or occupiers of fuch tenements are hereby required and authorized to pay fuch fum and fums of money as fhall be fo fated or affeffed on the owner or owners thereof, in purfuance

Hosted by Google

I744-] Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii II. c.29.'	221

of this aft, and to deduct the fame out of the rent thereof; and

the landlord or owner or owners thereof, are hereby required to

allow fuch dedudions and payments upon the receipt of the re-

fidue of their rents; and every tenant paying fuch affeffment ^e]1^nent^to

or affeffments (hall be acquitted and difcharged for fo much mo-

ney as the faid affeffment or affeffments (hall amount unto, as if rcnVa J

the fame had been actually paid to fuch perfon or perfons to

whom his, her, or their rent (hould have been due and payable.

VI.	And forafmucb as it is reafenable that all publick buildings (hofpitals excepted) Jhould be rated and ajfejfed in a due proportion, towards the better lighting the faid city and liberties thereof; be it

further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may .	_

be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward of Caflle Baynard, ^ j to be^t-with the advice and confent of his deputy and common council feffed.° men, or the major part of them, at his and their difcretions, and they are hereby required, when and at fuch and times as the rates and affeffments hereby dire&ed to be made, (hall from time to time be made, to rate and affefs the cathedral church of Saint Pauli and alfo for the alderman of each refpe&iVe ward where fuch other publick buildings refpedtively do (hand and are lituate, by and with the advice and confent of his deputy and common council men, or the major part of them, at his and their difcretions, and they are hereby required in like manner to rate and affefs all parifh churches, church-yards, chapels, meet-ing-houfes, (fo as fuch rate or affeffment on the faid meeting-houfes do not exceed the fum.of fix pence in the pound on the annual value, or on the rack-rent thereof, where the fame are held at fuch rent) fchools, inns of court, halls, focieties, markets, warehoufes, vaults, and cellars, and all other publick buildings whatfoever, fituate, (landing, lying, and being within their refpe&ive wards, towards the eredling, lighting, maintaining and repairing the faid lamps; regard being by them always had to the number of lamps which (hall be found necef-fary for the lighting the fame.

VII.	And it is hereby further enacted. That the dean and Dean 0f $a-n(. chapter of the cathedral church of Saint Paul for the time be- paups &c, ing, and all and every Jhe refpedfive churchwardens and chapel- required to wardens of the leveral parifh churches and chapels, and the re- Pay the fpedlive head officers, maffer, wardens, prelident, principal, mentl* treafurer, and governors of all meeting houfes, publick halls,

inns of court, focieties, fchools, and the occupiers or propietors of all other publick buildings and places, and the owners or occupiers of vaults and cellars, within the faid city and liberties thereof refpedtively, fronting or adjoining to any of the publick ftreets, lanes, publick places and paffages of the faid city and liberties thereof; and the farmers or occupiers of all and every the markets within the city and liberties thereof, (hall, and they refpedlively are hereby charged with, and required to pay their refpe&ive rates and affeffments, which (hall from time to time be fo rated and affeffed upon them, or any of them, or any of the faid refpeclive buildings and places, purfuant to this aft; and

hit

Hosted by

Google

222

The dean and

chapter may caufe fufficient lights to be placed round the fence of St. Paul’s cathedral, and be freed from the aflefTment.

Perfons aggrieved may appeal.

Appeal to be finally determined in id days.

Void ground and places where no inhabitants can be properly charged, lhall be aflVlTed on the chamber-lain.

Chamberlain may appeal it he thinks the city aggrieved.

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH II. c. 29.	[1744*

In cafe of non-payment thereof, every fuch rates and affefTments (hall and may be recovered from him and them, in the manner and by the means hereafter appointed for the recovery of the rates and aflefTments hereby directed to be made.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That if the faid dean and chapter of Saint Paul's fhall, at their own cofts and charges, caufe the fence round the faid cathedral church, to be duly lighted with lamps of the fame fort, and at and for the fame time, in a proportionable number, and from time to time keep the faid fence fo lighted, in the fame manner as by this a6t ought to be done in the other parts of Saint Paul's churchyard (which the court of lord mayor and aldermen for the time being are hereby impowered to determine) that then, and fo long as they continue to light the faid fence, as is hereby directed, no rate or afTeffment fhall be laid on the faid cathedral church by virtue of the powers hereby granted; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any rate and aflefTment to be made in purfuance of this act, it fhall and may be lawful for him, her, and them re-fpectively, within the fpace of twenty days after fuch rate and afTeffment fhall be demanded, perfonally, or by notice in writing, left at the premises which the party affeffed fhall occupy, to appeal to the court of lord mayor and aldermen, who are hereby impowered to hear and determine the lame, within the fpace of ten days next after every Such appeal fhall be fo made to them; and their determination (hall be final and conclufive; and no fees fhall be paid on the making of fuch appeal, or on the fame being heard and determined.

X.	And ivhereas there are fever a I pieces of void ground and fp a-cious places belonging to the faid city, lying within the fame, or the liberties thereof, zvhere no perfons are or can be properly chargeable as a for efaid., and which, neverthelefs, ought to be well and fufficient-ly lighted; be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the chamberlain of the city of London for the time being, fhall, from time to time, out of any money in his hands, belonging or as fhall belong to the faid city, pay luch rates and affefTments as fhall be rated and affeffed for the due lighting of fuch void ground and places where no inhabitants are, or can be properly charged, according to the diferetion of the alderman, deputy, and major part of the common council men of each ward, wherein fuch void grounds and places are fituate as aforefaid; regard being by them always had to the number of lamps neceffary for the due lighting of the fame: and in cafe the faid chamberlain fhall think the faid city aggrieved by fuch rate or afTeffment, he fhall or may, in behalf of the faid city, within the fpace of twenty days after fuch rate and aflefTment fhall be demanded, appeal to the court of lord mayor and aldermen as aforefaid; whofe judgment and determination fhall be final.

XI. And

Hosted by

Google

223

1744 ] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c* 2-9-

XL And to the end that thefeveral rates and afleflments herein before mentioned maybe fully and compleatly raifed and paid for the purpofes aforefaid, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for each alderman, by and with the advice and confent of his deputy and common council men, or the major part of them, at each wardmote to be held upon or near Saint Thomas’s day, for the choice of ward officers, to return the names and places of abode of fix or more fubftantial inhabitants of fuch ward, out of which two or more, at the difcretion of the alderman and his deputy and common council men, or the major part of them, fhall be chofen and appointed at the faid wardmote, to be collectors for one whole year of the rates and afleflments which (hall be made in purfuance of this act, from the twenty ninth day of September then la ft, to the twenty ninth day of September then next following ; but the rates and afleflments which (hall be firft ityde in purfuance of this act, fhall commence and be made from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four ; and the collectors who (hall be chofen at the feveral wardmotes within the faid city, the firft time after the commencement of this act, fhall be collectors of all rates andaflefl*-ments which (hall be made in purfuance of this act, from the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, to the twenty ninth day of September, which (hall be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, incluflve ; which collectors for the time being are hereby authorized and required, in the refpective wards for which they (hall be fo chofen collectors, to collect and receive from time to time fuch rates, afleflments, and fums of money as (hall be due and payable by virtue of this act, of and from all perfons liable to pay the fame; and all perfons who by virtue of this act fhall be charged therewith, or are liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay fuch rates or afleflments unto fuch refpective collectors for the time being accordingly; fuch collectors from time to time giving receipts for the fame gratis, if thereunto required, and which they are hereby enjoined to do; and that every fuch collector who (hall be chofen by virtue of this ad, fhalj, at the wardmote at which he (hall be fo chofen as aforefaid, or within the fpace of twenty days then next enfuing, before the alderman of the ward for which he fhall be fo chofen collector, or his deputy, at fuch time and place as fuch alderman or his deputy (hall appoint, take and fubfcribe the following oath, or folemn affirmation, being one of the people called Quakers, for the true and faithful execution of the faid office;

I A. B. do /wear, That 1 will, according to the bejl of my /kill and knoivledge, well and truly perform and execute the office of a lamp collector within this ward.

So help me God.

Which oath or affirmation (hall be taken without any fee or reward,

Collectors to be chofen on St. Thomas’s day.

Colletor withinaodays to take an oath, &c.

Collector’s

oath.

The oath to be takun with-

Hosted by Google

out fee or ltamp.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c.29.

Penalty on collector's re

Penalty.

If a perfon (hall refufe to take the office, or (hall

[<7

ward, and without any (lamp thereon; and which oath or affirmation the alderman of every of the relpective wards in the city of London for the time being, or their refpective deputies, are hereby impowered to adminifter, as the cafe (hall require; and if any collector chofen in purfuance of this act, (hall refufe or fuOng to take neglect to take the faid oath, or being one of the perfons called toear’°r Shakerthe faid affirmation, or to take upon himfelf the faid office, or taking upon himfelf the faid office, (hall neglect or refufe to ferve the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, he (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be applied to, and made part of the fund for providing and maintaining fuch lights within the faid city and liberties as afore-faid, to be by the alderman or his deputy of the ward where fuch neglect or refufal lhall happen, received and paid into the chamber of London for that purpofe; and fuch collector fhall continue liable to be chofen into the faid office again the year following, or at any other time; and in cafe of his refufal, (hall be again liable to the like penalty, and fo as often as he (hall refufe or neglect to take upon him the faid office, and duly execute the fame.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That when any perfon (hall refufe or neglect to take upon him the faid office, when chofen thereto, or to execute the fame, or (hall happen to depart this life, or remove out of the ward in

die,°r remove which he lhall be chofen and appointed, before he has finifhed ward another ^ls c°Me&i°n> it (hall and may be lawful for the alderman of the (hallbechofen, ward for the time being, when the cafe (hall fo happen, with the advice and confent of his deputy and common council men, or the major part of them, by appointment under their hands and feals, to nominate and appoint fome other perfon within fuch ward, to collet all fuch fum and fums of money as (hall remain due and unpaid of fuch rate and afleffinent as aforefaid : fubje& to the and if fuch other perfon fo appointed fhall neglect or refufe to like penalty take and fubfcribe the faid oath, or, being one of the perfons for not taking called ^fakers, the faid affirmation, or to ferve the faid office* the oath, or then> and jn fuch cafe, fuch other perfon fo neglecting or refuting (hall be liable to the like penalties with thofe who neglect or refufe to ferve the office when chofen at the wardmote as aforefaid.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this act (hall be conftrued to extend to oblige any perfon or perfons to fprve the faid office of collector, who by the laws now in being are exempted from ferving any parifh or ward office.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That the feveral collectors for the feveral wards within the city of London, and the liberties thereof, for the time being, (hall, as often as they lhall be refpectively required, and on feven days notice in writing given to or left for them refpectively, at his or their ufual places of abode within the faid city or liberties thereof, by the alderman of the refpective ward wherein fuch collector or collectors dial!

live.

acting.

Provifo.

Collectors to account on oath, on 7 days noiicc*

Hosted by Google

1744.J Anno decimofeptimoGeorgii II. 0.29*	225

live, or his deputy and common council, or the major part of them, deliver in upon oath (or affirmation, if fuch collector be a Quaker) if thereunto required, unto every fuch alderman, or his deputy and common council, or the major part of them, at fuch time and place as they (hall appoint within their refpecftive wards which oath or affirmation the faid alderman or his deputy are hereby empowered to adminifter) a true, exadt and perfect account in writing, under the refpecftive hands of fuch collector or collectors, of all fums of money which he or they (hall have received, by reafon of his or their faid office, and alfo a true lift of the names of all perfons in their refpedfive wards, who (hall have neglected or refufed to pay the rates and afteftments laid on them, as aforefaid ; and of the feveral fums from him, her Penalty on or them refpectively due and in arrear, to the intent that the collectors re* fame may be fpeedily got in and recovered; and if any collector or collectors, after fuch notice given, (hall negledl or refufe to pay the mobring in his accounts as aforefaid, or to account for any fum or ney #colle<tech fums of money by him or them collected and received, and to pay the fame, and every part thereof, as is hereby appointed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor, or alder* man of the faid ward, for the time being, to commit fuch collector or collectors to one of the compters within the faid city, there to remain without bail or mainptize, until he or they (hall have rendered and made a true and perfect account and payment as aforefaid, or (hall make fuch compofition as the faid lord mayor or alderman (hall think juft and reafonable.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or per- Collector may tons (hall neglect or refufe to pay the fum or fums of money on levy by di-him or them rated and afleftedby virtue of this act, for the fpace ^re^s aad of feven days after perfonal demand thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of abode or occupation within the faid ward of fuch perfon or perfons to rated and afteffed, that then, and in every fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch collector or collectors appointed to receive the faid rates or afteff-ments, by warrant under the hand and feal of the lord mayor ^arrant or alderman of the faid ward (which warrant the faid lord mayor ^Jantedbvthe or alderman is hereby authorized and required to grant) by and font mayor, with the affiftance of a conftable of the faid ward (who is here- or alderman by required to be aiding and affifting) to enter into any part of°^the warc^ the premifles within the faid ward, occupied by the perfon or perfons to rated and afteffed, and to diftrain his and their goods and chattels; and if the fame (hall not be replevied, or the monies paid within feven days after fuch diftrefs made, together with the cofts of making iuch diftrefs, to be afcertained by the lord mayor for the time being, or the alderman of the ward wherein any fuch diftrefs fhall be to made, then to appraife and fell to much, and fuch part thereof, as will be fufficient to pay the faid rate and afteftment, together with all cofts and charges attending the faid diftrefs, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner oNr owners of fuch goods and chattels: and if any alder- Penalty on man of any ward within the faid city of London, fhall refufe toa1^r;rr

Vol. XVIII.

a

grant

nan 5 refuiing

Hosted by Google

22 6

grant a warrant. -

Directions, if a collector die before he has paid in all the money col-le&ed.

If any collector imbezil the money, Scc. a new allejl-ment fliali be made.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 29.	[1744-

grant fuch warrant when demanded by the collector appointed to collect the faid rate and afleflment, fuch alderman (hall, for every time he fhall fo neglect or refufe, forfeit and pay unto the chamberlain of the city of London for the time being, to be applied towards the fund intended to be raifed by this act, the money which fuch perfon or perfons is or are by the faid rate w liable to pay, to be recovered by the faid chamberlain in the court of the lord mayor of the faid city, together with full cofts, unlefs the perfon againfl: whom fuch warrant fhall be demanded, fhall by the deputy and common council of the faid ward, or the major part of them, be allowed, certified, apd returned to the chamberlain of the faid city, as a perfon unable to pay the faid rate or afleflment.

XVI- And be it further enacted, That if any collector or collectors fhall happen to depart this life before he or they fhall have fully paid and fatisfied all the money by him or them collected by virtue of this act, and fhall leave aflets fufficient to pay the fame; that then, and in every fuch cafe, the executors or adminiflrators of every fuch collector or collectors, fhall, in the fir it place, out of fuch aflets, pay unto the chamberlain of London? for the time being, all fums of money by fuch collector or collectors fo received, and not paid, or fo much thereof as the faid aflets will extend to pay, whofe receipt fhall be a good discharge for fuch money; and every executor or adminiftrator may, to any action or fuit commenced or brought againfl him, plead or give in evidence the payment of the fame, and fhall be allowed payment of the fame out of fuch aflets, prior to any other debt or demand whatfoever; and in cafe of nonpayment of the fame by the fpace of ten days after the fame fhall be demanded, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the chamberlain of London for the time being, and he is hereby directed and required, in his own name, to commence one or more action or actions in the court of the lord mayor of London, againfl fuch executors or adminiflrators for the fame.

XVII.	And to the intent that fubllantial perfons may be chofen and appointed collectors in each ward, be it further on- \ acted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any collector or receiver of the faid rates and afleflfnents (hall imbezil, make away with, detain or mifapply any fum or fums of money fo collected by him for the ufes aforefaid, fo that the fame cannot be recovered, or fhall die poflefled of any fum or fums of money by him or them collected by virtue of this act, and which fhall not be paid by his executors or adminiflrators, that then and in every fuch cafe, fuch fum and fums of money fhall be again rated and aflefled on the inhabitants of each ward by the alderman, with the confent and advice of his deputy and common council men, or the major part of them, in fuch proportion and manner as the rates are directed to be made by this act, and fhall be collected, levied and diflrained for, in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties, as are herein provided for the collecting and levying the rates due and payable by this act.

XVIII. And

2

Hosted by

Google

227

1744.] Anno decimo fepumo Georgii II. c. 29,

XVIII.	And ivhereas it may happen that many perfons liable to,

and that may be charged and rated towards defraying the expence of lighting the faid city and liberties thereof \ may, before the fums as fhall be rated on them refpeftively fball be paid, quit and leave their divelling-houfe, warehouses, fops, vaults, 0r cellars,	the ward

' wAwe they fhall be fo rated and affeffed, and remove into fome other ward in the faid city or liberties thereof and thereby endeavour to evade the payment of fitch rates and affefifments; be if enadted by the'authority aforefaid, That where any perfon or perfons, who DidreTs may hath or have been fo rated and aflefled, fhall quit his or their be mace, thcf dwelling-houfe, warehoufe, (hop, vault, or cellar, in the ward the perfon af-wherein fuch rate and afleffinent has been made, before he or ai”other they fhall have paid the fame, and fhall afterwards refufe to pay wart^ the fame when due, and demanded by the collector authorized and appointed to colledt, and receive the fame, that then and in every fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid colledtor or receiver, and every or any of them, by warrant obtained under the hand and feal of the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, or of the alderman of the ward where fuch rate and aiTeffment fhall have been made (which warrant the faid lord mayor or alderman is hereby authorized and required to grant) in any place within the faid city and liberties, to take and diftrain the goods and chattels of fuch perfon or perfons fo negledling or refilling, and the fame to fell, rendering the overplus, if any fuch fhall be, after having dedudted the reafonable charges of fuch dirt refs, to the owner of fuch goods and chattels, demanding the fame; to be ascertained in like manner as the cofts and charges of other diftrefles are herein before provided and directed to be afcertained.

XIX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That every collector of the rates and alTeffments aforefaid fhall collectors pay the money into the chamber of the city of London as he ^ol.Pirfhis° fhall receive the fame, in fuch manner that fuch collector fhall hands* never have a fum exceeding twenty pounds fo collected at one

time in his hands, by the fpace of ten days, provided the chamber of London be open to receive the fame; and if fuch collector fhall keep and retain in his hands more than the faid fum of twenty pounds longer than ten days, he fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence; to be recovered and levied in fuch manner as the penalties inflidted by this adt are herein after directed to be recovered and levied ; and on payment of Collector to every fuch fum of money into the chamber of the faid city, fuch cham^ collector fhall take a receipt for the fame from the faid chain- berlain’sclerk, berlain, or one of his clerks; in which receipt fhall be fpecihed on his paying and expreffed the name of fuch collector, the fum paid, and money, the name of the ward wherein the money hath been colledled ; and the chamberlain of the faid city of London for the time being, or fuch of his clerks as fhall be appointed by him for that purpofe, fhall be obliged, and he or they is and are hereby required to give fuch receipt without fee or reward ; and fuch receipts fhall by the, collector be produced to the alderman of the

0,2	ward	3

Hosted by Google

228	Anno	decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 29.	[ 1744.

to be accepted ward, or his deputy, at the time he (hall fettle and adjuft his nLn^in ^dif yearV account; and fhall by the faid alderman or his deputy, charge of the ta^en and allowed as a full and fufficient difcharge for all and collector. every fum and fums of money fueh collector or receiver (hall have received and paid into the chamber of the city of London.

XX.	And to the end that the payments of the faid rates and affeiTments, and re-afleffments, for the purpofes aforpfaid, may the more effectually be enforced ; be it further enaCted by the A freeman authority aforefaid. That every freeman of London, liable to pay the the S? f° rates, affeiTments, or re-affeffments, who (hall have negleCted jlrall bemca or re^uffd to pay the faid rates, affeffments or re-affeffments, or any pable to vote, part thereof, to the perfon or perfons authorized and impowered to colled and receive the fame, after demand made thereof of any fuch freeman perfonally, or if any fuch freeman cannot be met with to demand the fame perfonally of, then, by the fpace of three days after a notice in writing, demanding the fame, fhall be left by the collector of the ward wherein fuch freeman (hall live, or be an occupier, at the ufual place of abode or occupation of fuch freeman within fuch ward; or (hall defire to be excufed, and accordingly (hall have been excufed from paying fuch rates, affeffments, and re-affeffments, fhall be under the fame incapacity of voting at elections within the faid city of London as any perfon or perfons now is or are, who do not pay their fcot or lot to the feveral yearly rates and affeffments, to which the cit-zens of London are at this time, or fhall hereafter become liable. Alderman and XXL And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the council^to alderman for the time being in each refpeCtive ward in the faid contract for chy of London, by and with the advice and confent of his deputy the lamps, and common council men, or the major part of them, for the and their ne- tjme being, fhall and may yearly and every year, between the twenty fourth day of 'June and the twenty fourth day of December, contract and agree with any perfon or perfons, for the number of lamps neceffary to be ereCted and fet up in their refpeCtive wards within the faid city, either on pofts or irons, as they (hall think beft to order, and fhall be moft effectual for the purpofes hereby intended, and for ereCting and fetting up the fame refpeCtively ; and for the lighting, trimming, fnuffing, cleanfing, fupplying, maintaining, and repairing fuch number of lamps as the alderman, deputy, and common council, or the major part of them, in each refpeCtive ward, fhall from time to time deem requifite for enlightening the city and liberties thereof, upon the bell: terms they can, fo that no fuch contract be made for a greater number of lamps in any ward than fhall be directed to be fet up by the mayor, aldermen, and commons in common council affembled.

Contract for XXII. Provided neverthelefs, That fuch contract be made one year only. for the fpace of one whole year, and no longer, at one time.

ceifary attendance.

Lord mayor, Ccc. to fettle the price for .attending the lamps.

XXIII. Provided always, That no alderman, deputy, or common council man, in any ward within the faid city, fhall contract for or agree to give any greater or larger fum of money for the annual lighting, cleanfing, and fnuffing any lamp within

any

Hosted by Google

i?44-]	Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 29.	229

any ward, than what (hall be diredled and appointed to be paid by the lord mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of Lon-don^ in common council affembled; and that all contracts made for any greater or larger fum, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes what-foever, and the chamberlain is hereby directed not to pay any draughts, fum or fums of money, in difcharge of fuch contract or contradts.

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is further enadled by the No alderman, authority aforefaid, That no alderman, deputy, or common Sec. to be con-council man, during his continuance in fuch office, or any per- cernedin any fon or perfons in truft for him, them, or any of them, (hall be concerned or interefted in any contradl or otherwife, for light- Cltyt s

ing the faid city, or any part thereof, or for providing and fixing any of the faid lamps, pods, or irons, or other materials neeeffary thereto.

XXV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Chamberlain That the chamberlain of the faid city of London for the time to pay all

being, fhall and may, and he is hereby authorized and required \	"rawr!

r .	.	1	.	,	.	i	^	1	upon him, in

out or the monies colledted and paid into the chamber or the difcharge of

faid city, purfuant to this adt, to pay all fums of money drawn contracts, upon him, or ordered to be paid by the alderman, his deputy, and common council men, or the major part of them, of each refpedtive ward within the faid city of London, in difcharge of the contracts, which fuch alderman, with the confent of his deputy and common council, .or the major part of them, (hall or may enter into, for the providing, eredting, lightings trimming, fnuffing, cleanfing, fupplying, maintaining, and repairing the lamps within each and lingular the wards of the faid city; and the faid chamberlain of the faid city for the time being, (hall, from time to time, in the firft place, anfwer and pay the draughts made on him by the aldermen, their deputies, and common council men, or the major part of them, of fuch wards in the faid city, as at the refpedtive dates of fuch draughts fhall have paid into the chamber of the faid city the afleffments made on fuch refpedtive wards; and if after the payment of fuch draughts any overplus of fuch afleffinents fo paid into the chamber (hall remain, the fame (hall from time to time be carried to the aid of fuch wards in the faid city, as are not able to raife fufficient to defray the charges of their own lamps, in proportion to the money each ward fhall fall (hort and be deficient in the colledting of their refpedtive rates and afleffinents, and to the money fuch ward doth now owe to any perfon or perfons for eredting, fixing, lighting, cleanfing, fnuffing, repairing, and amending the lamps contracted for in the faid ward.

XXVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Chamberlain That the faid chamberlain for the time being (hall, and he is to enter all hereby required to keep regular and clear entries, in a book to rcceiPts and

j *	*	c?	'	Da v merits

be for that purpofe by him provided., of all and finguiar the re- * '	’

ceipts and payments he fhall make, on the account of lighting tobeinfpefted the faid city as aforefaid -} to which book every citizen of London

0,3	fhall

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 29.	[1744.

(hall and may have free accefs, at all convenient times, and fhall be permitted to infpebl the fame without fee or reward; and alfo that the chamberlain for the time being fhall have the faid account audited and paffed in the fame manner, and by the fame perfons who are now appointed or fhall be appointed to audite the accounts of the chamberlain of the faid city of \ London.

A duplicate of all aflefT-ments to be left with the chamberlain

XXVII.	And to prevent any lofs or damage that may happen by the lofs or imbezilment of any rate or afleflment to be made purfuant to this abl, be it further enabled. That when and fo loon as any affeffment fhall be made as aforefaid, or within ten days, a duplicate thereof, figned and fubfcribed by the feveral perfons who figned and fubfcribed the faid rate or afTeffment, fhall, by the bedel of every ward, be carried to and left with the chamberlain of the city of London; and in default thereof, the chamberlain fhall not pay any money which fhall be drawn on him by the alderman or his deputy, and common council, or the major part of them, of the faid ward wherein fuch duplicate fhall not be delivered and left with him as aforefaid, without the fpecial order of the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the faid city, authorizing and directing him to pay the fame.

XXVIII.	And forafmuch as the fnms of money that have arifn by the rates and affeffment s made in purfuance of the faid have been found infufficient to anfiver the purpofes thereby intended, and confide r able fums of money remain due and unfatisfied; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the chamberlain of Lon-don for the time being, be im powered, and he is hereby autho-

Tbeiurpluffes r‘lzecj and reqUired, out of the annual furpluffes, if any fuch abl1 to bJa ™ be, ariHng from the rates and affefTments to be made by ply’d to pay. virtue of this abl, to difcharge the draughts made or to be made ' on him by the aldermen of the feveral wards, for the payment of their refpeblive contrabls heretofore made for lighting, trimming, fnuffing, cleanfing, fupplying, maintaining, and repairing the number of lamps neceffary for their refpeblive wards, according to the tenor of the faid former abl.

XXIX.	And whereas feveral evil-difpofed perfons have broken, and may toil fully and malicioufy break and defroy the lamps hung out in the Jlreets of this city ^ now to prevent the like malicious prablices for the future, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall, from and after the twenty fifth day of May, one thoufand leven hundred and forty four, wilfully or malicioufly break, throw down, or ex-tinguifh, any lamp that now is, or fhall be hung out, or fet up to light the flreets, or wilfully damage the pods, irons, or other furniture thereof, every perfon fo offending therein, and being thereof convibled by the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, before any one or more of his Majefly’s jufhces of the peace for the city of London, fhall, for the firft offence forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for each lamp fo broken, thrown down, extinguifhed, or otherwife damaged, and for the fecond

offence

ing the debts remaining on the former

act.

Penalty for wilfully breaking the lamps.

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. G29.	231

offence the fum of fifty (hillings, and for the third offence the fum of three pounds, to be recovered and levied in fuch manner as in this aft is mentioned.

XXX.	And whereas it is impojjihle to afcertain the exat1 expence which may accrue to the faid city of London, in providing, fupply-ing, and maintaining fuch lights as aforefaid^ as well from the alteration in the price of oil, and other materials, as from other unfore- .

feen accidents and cafualties which may happen ; be it therefore fur- The deticien-ther enaCted, That in cafe there (hall be any deficiency in any cy of one year of the afTeffments to be made as aforefaid, by lands, ^0U^es^aQ^CQI'[jie (hops, warehoufes, or buildings being empty, or the infolvency nex°Vert0 * ^ or removal of any of the inhabitants, tenants, occupiers, or otherwife, for which or upon whom the faid rates fhall be re-fpeCtively charged, fo that the charges of enlightening the faid ftreets and other places cannot be fully fatisfied, paid, and dif-charged in that year, then, and in-fuch cafe, the deficiency fo happening fhall be carried to the next fucceeding year’s rate or . rates, and fhall be made good thereout; and if, at the expiration of feven years, it fhall be found that any furplus fhall have H t^e Pur . arifen from the money collected by virtue of this aft, over and pjus ^a|| above what fhall have been iflued and applied in purfuance apply’d (if hereof, fuch furplus money fhall remain in the chamber of the any) at the faid city of London, to be applied either in aid of the orphans endo^7 yearSo fund, or in abatement or diminution of future rates and affefT-ments, or to be otherwife difpofed of, to and for the ufe and benefit of the citizens of London, as they, by any act of common council, fhall direCt and appoint.

XXXI.	And it is hereby further enaCted, That the mayor, The mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, fhall, &c. at a year-and they are hereby impowered and required, at a court of ^{T^de^the common council, to be held yearly and every year, between the ^pe^eats. ^ firft day of September and the twentieth day of Ottober^ to order

and diredt what rates and afTeffments fhall be made on the inhabitants for the purpofes aforefaid, not exceeding the rates and afTeffments hereby directed to be rated and afTeffed.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Penalty on the That if any collector fhall negleCt or refule to bring in his ac- collectors not count to the alderman of the ward, or his deputy, as often as accounting, demanded, he fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and in the

like manner the fum of five pounds for every twenty days he fhall detain the faid account, to be levied and recovered by fuch ways and means as herein after in this aCt are provided.

XXXIII.	And to prevent, as much as may be, any deficiency Collector to happening in the collecting the rates and afTeffments aforefaid; apply to the be it further enaCted, That the collector or collectors of every lo,'d mayor refpeCtive rate and afTeffment made in purfuance of this aft, fhall, ^fl

and he and they are hereby required, in cafes of refufal or non- theafTeflrnents payment of the refpeCtive rates, afTeffments, and re-afTeffments are not paid aforefaid, within thirty days after the refpeCtive rates, afTeffments, within30days* and re-afTeffments, fhall become due, to apply to the lord mayor for the time being, or to the .alderman of the refpeCtive

Q^4	ward

2^z	Anno	decimo	feptimo	GeoRGII	IL	c.	29.	[1744*

ward where fuch refufal or nonpayment fhall happen, for a warrant to diftrain for the faid rate, affeftment, and re-affeff-inent, and fhall take care to execute, or caufe the fame to be duly executed, under the penalty of five pounds for every omif-lion ; to be levied and recovered in fuch manner as the other penalties inflidled by this adt are diredted to be levied and recovered.

The lord	XXXIV.	And	be	it	further	enadled	by	the	authority aforefaid,

mayor, or any That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor for liea'r'and^de- ^me being, or anY one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of termine of- the peace for the city of London for the time being, to hear and fences. determine any of the offences which are made fubjedt to, and punifhable by, any penalty diredled to be levied by this adt ; and fuch juftice or juftices of the peace are hereby authorized and required, upon any informations exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, within ten days after fuch offence committed, to fummon the party or parties accufed, and the witnefies on either fide, and after oath, or affirmation made by any of the perfons called Quakers, of the commiflion of any of the fadts above mentioned, by one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, to iftue a warrant or warrants for apprehending the party offending in the faid city of London; and upon the appearance, or contempt of the party accufed in not appearing, upon the proof of notice given, to proceed to the examination of the witnefs or witnefies, upon oath or affirmation as aforefaid (which oath or affirmation fuch juftice or juftices are here authorized, empowered, and required to adminifter) to give fuch judgment, fen-tence, or determination, as fhall be juft, and conformable to the tenor and true meaning of this adt; and where the party accufed fhall be convidted of fuch offence, either by view of the faid juftice or juftices, or upon fuch information as aforefaid, pr on confefiion of the party accufed, it fhall and may be lawful Penalties to be for fuch juftice or juftices to ifliie a warrant or warrants for the levied by dif- levying the penalties or forfeitures fo adjudged on the goods treisand fale. and chattels of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they fhall not be redeemed in five days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any there be) and in cafe any per- • fon or perfons fhall be convidled in pursuance of this adt, of breaking, throwing down, or extinguifhing, any lamp now eredted, or hereafter to be eredted, .and no goods or chattels of any perfon fo offending can, at the time of fuch convidtion be found, then, and in fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom fuch perfon or perfons fhall be convidted as aforefaid, to commit fuch offender to the houfe of corredtion, there to be kept to hard labour for anv time not lefs than one month, and not exceeding the fpace of three months, or until fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall be paid.

XXXV. Provided neverthelefs, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, from time

For want of diitrefs, offender to be fent to the houfe of cor* fection.

juftice may leflen the penally.

to time, where he or they fliall fee caule.

to mitigate, com-pound?

Hosted by Google

233

1744.] Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH II. c. 29.

pound, or leffen any of the faid forfeitures or penalties, as he or they, in his or their difcretion, fhall think fit, fo as fuch mitigation do not extend to remit above one moiety of the penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by this a61; and every fuch mitigation fhall be a fufficient difcharge to the perfons offending refpedtively, for fo much of the faid penalties or forfeitures as fhall be fo leffened, mitigated, or remitted.

XXXVI.	Provided alfo, That if any perfon or perfons fhall perfons ag-

find him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, or remain unfatisfied grieved may in the judgment of the faid juftice or juftices, then fuch perfon aPPe^t(^ie or perfons fhall and may by virtue of this aeft, complain or ap-	e	~

peal to the juftices of the peace at the next general or quarter

feffions to be held for the faid city of London, who are hereby impoweredto fummon and examine witneffes upon oath, or being perfons called Quakers, on their folemn affirmation, and finally to hear and determine the fame, and to make fuch order ^ere the therein as fhall be agreeable to the nature and circumftances of determhied6 the cafe ; and in cafe of convidtion, to iffue a warrant or warrants for levying and compelling by fuch means as aforefaid, the payment of the faid penalties or forfeitures.

XXXVII.	And it is hereby further enacfted, That all the penajt;eS) one penalties or forfeitures to be levied by virtue of this a<ft, not half to the in-herein before appropriated, fhall be paid and applied in manner former, and following; that is to fay, one moiety thereof to the perfon or tbeother to perfons who fhall inform and profecute for the fame, and the pakllmo other moiety to the alderman of the ward, or his deputy, where the chamber* fuch offence fhall be committed, to be by him paid over into

the chamber of London, to be accounted for, and applied as part of the fund for providing and maintaining fuch lights in the faid city as aforefaid.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacfted by the authority afore- qco ^ faid, That the acft of parliament paffed in the ninth year of the c. so.repealed. reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the better en-

lightning of the fireets of the city of London ; and every claufe, article, matter, and thing therein contained, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, annulled, and made void, except fo Exception, far as is herein after otherwife provided and diredled.

XXXIX.	Provided always, That nothing in'this acft con- Arrearsdueon tained fhall repeal, annul, or make void, or be conftrued, deem- 24. June, 174.4.. ed, or taken to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the rates, to be fuedfor or affeffments charged or afleffed by virtue of the former adf, a^formeradi: which fhall be due and payable, or in arrear, on the twenty € 0 n f * fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four,

or any of the remedies, powers, and provifions .given and provided by the faid former a£t, for the collecting, levying, or recovering the fame ; but the fame rates and affeffments, and all arrears thereof refpectivcly, which fhall.remain and become due and payable on the twenty fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and all the remedies, powers, and provifions in and, by the faid former a£t given, granted.

Hosted by Google

1

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 30.	[1744.

and provided, for the raifing, levying, collecting, and recover-ins; the fame refpectively, {hall remain and continue in full force and effect; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-.	. {landing.

aftioiTstl°n °* XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any action or fuit fhall be commenced againft any per- , fon or perfonsfor any thingdone inpurfuance of this act, i'n every fuch cafe the action or fuit fhall be brought within fix months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards ; and fhall be laid and brought in London, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch action or fuit to be brought, fhall GeneraHflue. and may plead the general ifTue (not guilty) and give this a6t, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become non-fuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their action or actions, fuit or fuits ; or if upon demurrer, judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall and Treble coils maY recover tre^^e cofts, and have fuch remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

Publick at. XLI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That this a<5t fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and to be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for the more effeftual 'preventing of the affixing of counterfeit jlamps to foreign or other linnens.

WHEREAS certain Jlamps are required by law to be put upon linnens made in Scotland and Ireland, the better to afeertain the quality of fuch mannfaftures: and whereas of late years there has been a pr a ft ice to counterfeit fuch Jlamps, and affix the fame to foreign linnens, in order to vend them as the manufactures of Scotland and Ireland, to the grofs deceit and impofition of the buyers, and to the great diferedit of the [aid manufactures: and whereas there has alfo been a practice, when linnens of the*manufacture of Ireland have been mildewed or foiled, to rebleach the faid linnens, and then to affix corn-ter felt Jlamps thereto, in order to vend them as linnens duly Jlamped : for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ,Penalty on	affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any per-

putting court-	fon or perfons fhall, after the twenty fourth day of June, one

cm	t^ou^an(^ feven hundred and forty four, affix, or caufe, or pro-

linnens.	cure t0 be affixed any ftamp or ftamps, in imitation of the {lamp

or ftamps put upon the linnens of the manufacture of Scotland or Ireland, on any foreign linnens imported into this kingdom, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, fhajl for each and every fuch offence, being convicted thereof, in the manner herein after

men-

Hosted by Google

1744.] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 30.	235

mentioned, feverally forfeit the fam of five pounds for each piece of linnen fo damped, or caufed or procured to be damped ; and if any perfon or perfons fhall,' after the faid twenty fourth^ day of June, fell, expofe to fale, or pack up for fale, any foreign them to fale. linnens, knowing them to be fo flamped as aforefaid, as the manufacture of Scotland or Ireland, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convidled in the manner herein after mentioned, fhall forfeit the faid linnens, and thefum of five pounds for each piece thereof fo fold, expofed to fale, or pack- PePa^Y on ed up for fale, as aforefaid ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fe-t ftamps on fhall, after the twenty fourth day of June, affix any counterfeit Britifh or Irifli ftamp or ftamps upon any linnens of the manufacture of Great linnens 5 Britain or Ireland, in order to vend the fame as linnens duly flamped, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being con-vi&ed thereof in the manner herein after mentioned, fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every piece of linnen fo damped as aforefaid ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall, after the faid twenty fourth day of June, fell, expofe to fale, or pack up for fale, any fuch linnens, knowing the fame to be fo damped as aforefaid; fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being and packing thereof convicted, in the manner herein after mentioned, fhall up,or exposing forfeit the faid linnens, and the fum of five pounds, for each t em t0 a c'' piece thereof fo fold, expofed to fale, or packed up for fale as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That Offenders to it fhall and may be lawful for any one or morejuftice or juftices oaffiofon© of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, or^tnefs 5^* place, where any offence fhall be committed againft this adl, to fore a juftice* convidf the party or parties offending, upon the oath of one or more credible vvitnefs or witneffes (which oath fuch juftice or juftices are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) and upon fuch convidtion to grant a warrant or warrants, under his 'or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to levy and recover the faid refpedtive penalties and forfeitures by diftrefs and fale recovered^ ^ the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus, if any dtftrefs and^ there fhall be, after deducting the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale. fale, to the owner or owners thereof ; and in cafe no goods or chattels of the party or parties fo offending can be found, Or want of there fhall not be goods or chattels fufficient to pay fuch penal- f^der’to fuf-ties and forfeitures, any one or more of fuch juftices of the fer months peace fhall, upon proof thereof made upon oath (which oath lmprifonment? he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) before him or them, by the perfon or perfons who fhall have the execution of the warrant or warrants for levying fuch diftrefs, commit the party or parties offending to the gaol of the county, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, where the 'offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or main-prize for the fpace of fix months, unlefsfuch penalties and forfeitures fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied ; which faid penalties Penalties to go and forfeitures fhall go and be applied to theufe of the informerto the

or informers, firft deducting out of the fame the fum of two <or5ier» de“.

*	P	dueling	as.	in

(hillings 0

236	Anno	decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 31.	[1744.

the pound for (hillings in the pound, to be paid to the conftable or other offi-the conftable. cer refpe(5tively, who (hall execute the warrant or warrants for levying and recovering the faid penalties and forfeitures.

CAP. XXXI.

An a£l for repealing the duties payable upon glafs beads, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof *, and for allowing the fame drawbacks on the exportation of refined borax and camphire, which are allowed on the exportation of unrefined borax and camphire ; and for preventing the , fraudulent exportation of Britifh and lrilh It miens, for the fake of the bounty allowed by an aSl made in the fifteenth and fixteenth years of his prefent Majeftfs reign ; and for explaining and amending the faid aSl, as to the perfons who are to receive the faid bounty.

WHEREAS by feveral adls of parliament now in force, fever al duties are payable upon the importation of great bugle, and glafs beads : and whereas it is very difficult for the officers of his majefiy s cufloms, and dealers in the faid commodities, to diftinguijk the difference between great bugle and glafs beads, on the importation thereof: and zvhereas the duties on glafs beads are much lower than the duties on great bugle, which is a great temptation to unfair traders to deceive the officers, to the great difadvantage of the revenue, and difcouragement of the fair merchants : and zvhereas fuch evil pro diice enables the unfair traders to wider fell not only the fair merchants, but likewife to underfell fuch of the poor inhabitants of this kingdom, who are now employed in the making, colouring, and manufacturing of glafs beads ; for remedy whereof be it enadted by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid duties on glafs beads, which (hall be im-The old duty ported from and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year on glafs beads of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, fhall repealed, ceafe and determine ; and in lieu thereof there (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, be paid to his Majefty, and the new his heirs, and fucceftors, for all glafs beads imported into Great duty to be the jBritain, whether plain or manufadlured, mixed or coloured, fame as is paid the fame fqbfidies, impofitions, and duties, as are now paya-m-	ble for great bugles imported ; and that the fame be raifed, le-

vied, recovered, and paid by fuch rates, means, and methods, with the like difeounts and allowances on importation, and the fame drawbacks on exportation, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and be applicable to the fame ufes and purpofes, as the duties on great bugles are now raifed, levied, recovered, paid, and applied.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared, That this acl, or any thing herein contained, fhall not in any wife be conftrued or underftgod to extend to Jeflen or alter the rates or

duties

bugles J

and to be applied to the fame ufes.

3y

Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH II. C.31.	237

duties on fnTall or feed bugle, which are to remain and be in Duties on feed the fame manner as they are now rated and paid.	bugle to

III.	And whereas large quantities of borax unrefined, commonly be a ter called Tincall, and of camphire unrefined, are frequently imported,

both which are generally Jhipt, in the fame unrefined condition, and a drawback paid on exportation thereof: and ivhereas the faid comtno-dities ivhen refined in Great Britain, are not entitled, by the laws in being, to any drawback, although they are J'ubjeft to wafie and loft of weight in refining them here, and are therefore exported abroad, and refined in foreign countries, to the prejudice of the reve?iue and the commerce of this kingdom : for remedy whereof, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty Borax and fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, Camphire re-all borax, and all camphire which (hall be refined in Great Bri-tain, upon oath being firft made by the refiner or refiners there- intitled to of, that the faid borax and camphire entered for exportation, the drawback were produced folely from the very fame borax and camphire on exporta-which had been imported into Great Britain unrefined, and for ^oru which his Majefty’s cuftoms and duties had been duly paid at the time of the importation thereof, and that the fame were duly exported, his Majefty’s fearcher alfo certifying the (hipping thereof, and all fuch other requifites being duly performed, as are neceftary to be done and performed, with regard to borax and camphire unrefined, and fhipt for exportation, fhall be entitled unto and have the fame drawback of all the feveral duties in all refpecfts, as a like quantity of unrefined borax and of unrefined camphire, are now by law entitled unto ; any ftatute, law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And ivhereas by an aft of parliament paffed in the fifteenth Geo ^ and fxteenth years of the reign of his prefent majefiy King George c,

the Second, intituled, An acftfor granting to his Majefty an additional duty on foreign cambricks imported into Great Britain, and for allowing thereout a bounty upon certain fpecies of Bri-tifh and Irifto linnens exported, in order to prevent Britifh and Irifh linnens exceeding the value of twelve pence per yard, being exported for the fake of the bounty allowed thereby, it is enafted. That1 the colie ft or and comptroller, or other proper officers of the cuft o?ns may open, view, and examine any or allfuch linnens as Jhall be entered at the value of twelve pence per yard or under, and compare the fame with the value and price thereof fivorn to or affirmed in the entry and endorfement on the cocquet ; and if upon fuch view and examination it Jhall appear that fuch linnen is of greater value than twelve pence per yard, then and in fuch cafe the exporter or proprietor Jhall, on demand.made in writing by the cuftomer or colleftor, and comptroller of the port where fuch goods or merchandizes are entered, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, all fuch goods and merchandizes into his Majeft ty s tvarehoufe at the port of exportation, for the ufe and benefit of the crown, and upon fuch delivery the cuftomer or colleftor of fuch port, with the privity of the comptroller, fioall out of any money in the hands of fuch cuftomer or colleftor, arifing by cuftoms or other duties, belonging to the crown, pay to fuch importer or proprietor the value of

thirteen

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 31.	[1744*

thirteen pence per yard, taking a receipt for the fame, from fuel? exporter or proprietor, in full fatisfaftion for the faid goods, rfj if they had been regularly fold; and the refpeftive commiffioners of the cuf-toms floall caufe the faid goods to be fairly and publickly fold for the befi advantage, a?id out of the produce thereof the money fo paid or advanced as afire faid, floall be repaid to finch cuflomer or colkftor, with the privity of the comptroller, to be replaced to fuch funds fromivhence the fame %vas borrowed, and the overplus (if any) foall be paid into his Majejly s exchequer, towards the finking fund, by the title of the additional*duty on cambricks granted by this aft, as in and by the faid recited aft, relation being thereunto had, ?nay more fully and at large appear : and whereas by the faid recited aft, no foffeitures or penalties are infiifted upon any perfon or perfons who floall enter for exportation any of the lumens therein mentioned, as of the value of fixpence per yard, or any higher value, and not exceeding the value of twelve pence per yard; and which upon the view of and examination by the proper officers of the cufioms, Jhall be thought to be of greater value than twelve pence per yard, and ivho floall on demand made in writing by the cuflomer or colle ft or, and comptroller of the port where fuch linnens are entered, refufe to deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Unnensinto his Majejly9s warehoufe at the port of exportation, for the ufe and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the officers of the cufioms at the faid port the value of thirteen pence per yard for fuch linnens, in full fatisfaftion for the fame, by r eajon whereof many frauds and abufes may be committed and enfue, and the gooddefigns of the faid recited aft may be frujlratedfor remedy whereof, be it Penalt *onun ena,^e^ by the authority aforefaid, That the faid thirteen pence dervaluing Per 1ai'd fo mentioned to be paid as aforelaid to the importer or Britifh or frifh proprietor, (hall be paid to the exporter ; and that from and af-linnens to be ter the twenty fourth day of June, one thouiand feven hundred 2o*Geoe<^* and forty four, if any perfon or perfons fhall enter for exporta-c>354 ‘ *" tion any linnens of Britifio or Irifio manufacture made of hemp or flax, as of the value of fixpence per yard, or any higher value, and not exceeding the ^alue of twelve pence per yard, and which upon the view and examination of the proper officers of the cuftoms fhall be thought to be of greater value than twelve pence per yard, and (hall on a demand made in writing by the cuflomer or collector, and comptroller of the port where fuch linnens are entered for exportation, refufe to deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch linnens into his Majefty’s warehoufe at the port of exportation, for the ufe and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the faid officers of the cuftoms at the faid port the value of thirteen pence per yard for fuch linnens, in full fatisfac-tion for the fame ; or if fuch lihnens (hall be lefs in quantity than fhall be exprefled in the faid indorfement on the faid entry or cocquet, or if the fame fhall be entered and indorfed under -	a wrong denomination ; that then and in every fuch cafe all

entries to rex- fuch hnnens which (hall be fo refufed to be delivered, or which portation the fhall appear to be lefs in quantity than exprefled in fuch in-linnens to be dorfement, or entered and indorfed under a wrong denomina-foi feited, tion, fhall be forfeited and loft, andjhall and may be feized by

1	any

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 32.	239

any officer or officers of the cuftoms, one moiety of the forfeiture of which goods fhall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs one half to and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons the King, the as fhall fue for or profecute the fame, and the feizures of fuch goods (hall and may be profecuted and determined by bill, plaint, orofecutQrt or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at ^

IVeftminfter, or in the court of Exchequer in ScotlandrefpeCtively, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law or more than one imparlance, (h^ll be allowed.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any aCtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons on account of feizing fuch goods, the defendant or defendants in any fuch a&ion or fuit, may plead the general Qenerat iffue^ iffue, and give this aCi, and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfuanceand by the authority of this aCi, and if it fhall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his aClion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgment (hall be given upon any verdiCt or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XXXII.

Anafi to explain and make more effe filial fever al a fis of parliament pajfed in the reign of his prefent Majejly, for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the city of Weftminfter to the oppofite fhore in the county of Surrey •, and for the better enabling the commiffioners for building the faid bridge, to finifh the fa?ne, a>id to perform the other trufts repofed in them *, as alfo for granting further time for exchanging the tickets unclaimed in the laft lottery for the fetid bridge, and to make provijion for tickets in the faid lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise deftroyed.

WHEREAS the commiffioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the Woolftaple, or thereabouts, in the parifh of Saint Margaret, in the city of Weftminfter, to the oppofite fhore in the county of Surrey, or any feven or more of them, are, by fever al a fis of parliament pajfed in.the reign of his prefent Majejly, authorized and impoivered to pur chafe certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, within certain limits preferibed by the faid a fis ; and for the purpofes in the faid afis mentioned : and whereas fome doubts and difficulties have art fen, and may arife, relating to the carrying into execution the J'everal powers by the faid afis vefled in the faid commiffioners, for the purpofes aforefaid, whereby they have been, and may be, prevented from executing the fame in the bejl and rnofl advantageous manner : therefore, for amending and explaining the faid aCts, in brder to the more eafy and certain execution thereof, and for the mare effectual conveying to the

com-

Hosted by Google

240

(

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 33.	[1744.

commiflioners, and their truftees, and thofe claiming or to claim under them, fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as they have been, or fhall be, diredted or enabled to purchafe, by any adt or adts of parliament now made, or which hereafter maybe made; be it enadted,

Power giv§n the commiffioners to fend for title-deeds, or writings. Judgments and verdifts ot‘ the commiflioners and juries, to be tranfmitted to the clerk of the peace, who (hall give a receipti Clerk of the peace to tranfmit them to the quarter feflions, to be kept among the records. Commiflioners to be deem'd in actual pofleflion, on delivering the evidences to the clerk of the peace. The bridge to be divided between the parifhes of St Margaret, Weftminfter, and Lambeth in Surrey. Not to be a county bridge. Recompence to the watermen fob the Sundays ferry. 25,000 L given towards building the bridge. Commiflioners to account to parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for granting to his Majejly the fum of one million out of the finking fund, and for applying a fum remaining in the exchequer, arifen by the coinage duty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four *, and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contra ft s of clerks and apprentices \ and to enable the reverfioners of certain annuities therein mentioned, to receive fuch annuities, if the fame fhall not be demanded within a certain time by the annuitants for life, until proof be made that fuch annuitants are living.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefty’s moll dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being de-firous not only to raife fuch fupplies as are neceftary to enable your Majefty to carry on the prefent war with vigour, but alfo to ufe fuch ways and means therein, as that your Majefty may have the better and more fpeedy effedt of the faid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum of one million out of the furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards the fupply granted to your Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four ; and to that end and purpofedomoft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadied, and be it en-adled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That by or out of fuch monies as now are, or fhall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer.

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Georg 11IL c. 33.	241

chequer, of the faid furplufTes, exceftes, or overplus monies, onemillion to commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or referving/uf- ^ea^upliejdr ficient to pay all fuch fum and fums of money as have been di- Qf the finking reded by any former ad or ads of parliament to be paid out offond, the fame) there fhall and may be iffued and applied, a fum not . exceeding the faid fum of one million, for and towards the fup-ply granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four ; and the commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them nor being, or the high'treafurer, or any three or more of the com-miffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impoweredto iftlie and apply the fame accordingly.

IL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That	Jm-

the fum of thirty fix thoufand pounds, now remaining in the P^.£ receipt of his, Majefty’s exchequer, arifen by impreft money re- the coinage? paid on the head of coinage duty, fhall and may be iffued as part of his Majefty’s fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four ; any law, ftatute or provi-fion to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That CI a^fe ofloan in cafe the faid commifTioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any ai 3' Pet iuU three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any

three or more of the commifTioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall think it advifeableto raife the faid fum of one million, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner hereafter mentioned, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of onemillion, upon the credit of the faid furplulTes, exceftes, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund ; and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, intereft after a rate not exceeding three pounds per Centum per Annum, fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid commifTioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiftioners of the treafury for the time being* who are hereby authorized to iftue their warrants for that pur-pofe as faft as fuch loans lhall be wanted for the publick fervice ; and moreover that no money fo to be lent upon the (ecufity of this ad ftiall be rated or afieffed to any tax or affeflrnent whatfo-ever.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That all and every perfon and Tallies of perfons who fhall lend any money upon the credit of this ad asK™ to be aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer,^rllc^9 ftiall immediately have a tally of loan ftruck for the fame, and

an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order (hall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof, not exceeding the faid rate of three pounds/>er Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three months, until the

Vol, XVIIL '	R	repay-

The manner of payment.

No undue preference.

No fee to be taken.

on pain of treble damages, $cc.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 33.	^1744,

repayment of the principal ; and all fuch orders for repayment of money fo to be lent (hall be regiftered in courfe according to the dates refpectively ; and that all and every perfon and per-fons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall (land regiftered in the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-tors, or afligns, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders firft entered in the (aid books of regifter, fhall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies; and he, (lie, or they, who fhall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceftively and in courfe ; and that the monies to come in of or for the faid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfaction of the faid refpec-tive perfons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, or afligns refpectively, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife; and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever (other than fuch ufes and purpofes as are appointed by any other act or acts of parliament in that behalf as aforefaid 5) and that no fee, reward, or gratuity directly or indirectly (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty’s fubjects for providing or making of any fuch books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearches in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo ; and if any undue preference of one before another (hall be made either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaningof this act, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending fhall be liable by action of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt with full cofts of fuit to the party grieved, and fhall be forejudged of his office or place ; and if fuch preference be unduly made by any deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only fhall be liable to fuch action, debt, damages, and cofts, and fhall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not direct the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the tellers make payment upon fuch order, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before directed, then he or they fhall be adjudged to forfeit, and theref-petive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch action, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid ; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, fhall and may be recovered by action of debt, .bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of

record

Hosted by Google

u$

1744.] Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii II. c. 33.'

record at Wejlminfier \ wherein no efioin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it prov*poes fe Ihall happen that feveral tallies of loan or orders for payment as jatiiig t^unl aforefaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor due pre-

of the receipt to be regiftered, then it (hall be interpreted no un- ference. due preference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

VI.	Provided alfo, That it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor direCt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders to perfons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, .which (ball not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for them ; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

VII.	And be it further enaCted, That all and every perfon 2viethod of and perfons to whom any money (ball be due for loans to be re- transferring* giftered by virtue of this aCt, after order entered in the book of

regifter as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-tors, or affigns, by proper words of affignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may aflign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch. order, or any part thereof to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof, alfo made in the book of regiftry aforefaid for orders (which the officers (hall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) (hall entitle fuch affignee, his, her, or" their executors, adnainiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quoties ; and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who have or hath made fuch affignment, to make void, releafe, or difcharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof*

VIII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of one million, to be raifed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by i(Tuing The rrioney exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, of by both or either may be raifed of thofe ways or means for the publick'fervice; be it further en- by^exchequar aCted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the commiffion- s%

ers of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-miffioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall judge it more advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, or any part thereof by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans as afofefaid, that then they refpeCtively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills,

R 2	for

Hosted by Google

All advanta-ges and penalties contained in the former

extended to thefe,

The exchequer bills to

fund.

Anno decimo feptimo Ge6RGH II. c. 33;	[r744,0

for any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one million, together with fuch loans as aforefaid, in the fame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and diredtioris, as in and by a certain a61 of parliament for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four,, are ena&ed and prefcribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid a6L

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges* advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained

reiatin	laft-mentioned	a6t relating to fhe-loans or exchequer

to loans^r'ex- bills authorized to be made by the fame a61 (except fuch claufes ' chequer bills, as do charge the fame on th‘e aids, taxes, or afFeffments granted by the fame a6t) (hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this 26I, as fully and ef-fedtually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-mentioned a6l, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-enadted in the body of this prefent a61.

X.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all the * exchequer bills as fhall be made in purfuance of this a6l, and the

be paid out of intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or attending the linking the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and fhall be repaid and borne by or out of the growing produce of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, aud overplus monies commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other act or a61 s of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund fhall and may be iffued and applied, as fall as the fame can be regularly hated and afeertain-ed, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufiicient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpe&ive proprietors thereof.

XL Provided always, and be it further ena6ted by the autho-of tbefupplies. nty aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer* either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one a6t of this feftion of parliament, intituled. An a Ft for granting an aid to his Majefiy by a land tax, to be raife'd1 in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four; and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as fhall arife or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame a6l, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid land tax, fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer,: either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other a6t of this feftion of parliament, intituled.

Application

Lmd tax,

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii IT, c. 33.	245

tituled, An aft for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and Mult tax, perry, /» that part of Great Britain #7//*?*/ England, and for granting to his Majefy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four ; and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the duties thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame act, and all the intereft, premium, rate,, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties, fhall be fatished, or money fufHcient (hall be re-ferved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame ; and alfo the fum of one million to be advanced and lent into the receipt of his 'Majefty’s exchequer, by The united company of merchants ^/’England trading to the Eaf Indies, for the purchafe of an annuity	b^he

after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in purfuance	jndia

of one other a61 of this feffidn of parliament, intituled. An aft for company, at granting to his Majefy the fur plus or remainder of the monies arifen, 31. per cent, or to arife, by the duties on fpirituous liquors' granted by an aft of the lafl feffion ofparliament, and for explaining and amending the faid aft in relation to the retailers of fuch liquors; and for efablijhing an a-greement with The united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaf Indies and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer by annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and by contribution by way of a lottery, upon one o-ther act of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for raifing by annuities and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the fum of one ^be’raifed million eight hundred thoufand pounds, at three pounds per centum 31. per per annum, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred cent, annul-and forty four \ and the fum of thirty fix thoufand pounds re- ties, and a maining in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, arifen by im- l°ttery* preffc money repaid on the head of the coinage duty ; and alfo the fum of one million by this act granted as aforefaid, fhall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes herein 40,0001, por-after expreffed; that is to fay, it is hereby enacted and declared, tion to the That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be blued and applied, any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty thoufand pounds, for the marriage portion of the princefs of Denmark, one of his Majefty’s daughters.

XIL And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not ex- navaffervics, ceeding two million two hundred feventy two thoufand eight hundred thirty four pounds, ten (hillings, and nine pence, for o.r towards the naval fervice herein after more particularly exprefT ed; that is to fay, for'or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea fer vices in the office of ordnance performed 3nd to be performed,

R3	XIII.	And

Hosted by Google

246	Anno	decimo feptimo GEORGii II. c.33.	[1744;

XIII. And it is hereby alfo enatfted by the authority afore-faid, That out of all or ^ny the aids or fupplies as aforefaid* there fhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty thoufand four hundred feventy four pounds, feventeen {hillings,.and feven pence, for the freight of tranfports, between the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and the thirty firft day of Decern-bcr, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three ; and the fum of ten thoufand nine hundred feventy pounds, two {hillings, and five pence three farthings, for the expence of vi&uals provided for his Majefty’s land forces, between the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three.

XIV.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, upon account, towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenivich, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country.

XV.	And it is hereby alfo enacted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iflued

P<LnnM° tjie and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hun-narjce? °f " dred fifty °Pe thoufand four hundred fifty five, pounds, two {hillings, and four pence halfpenny, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice, not provided for by parliament; and for the pay of artillery people and ftores, provided by the office of ordnance ; and towards building fortifications to fecure the new fettlement at Rattan, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

•2,171,549]. XVI. And it is hereby likewife enacfted, That out of all or 10s. z d. for any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there fhall and guards, earn- may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not ex-fons, and ma- ce€cjjng two million one hundred feventy one thoufand five hundred forty nine pounds, ten {hillings, and two pence, for defraying the charge of guards, garrifons, and marines, and the contingent charges thereof in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey, and for maintaining his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons of Amiapolis Royal, Canfo, Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar, Georgia, and Rattan, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four; and for or towards defraying the charge of his Majefty’s army to be employed abroad in the Low Countries, Germany, or elfewhere; and for other fervices relating thereto, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four; ana for or towards defraying the extraordinary charge of forrage, Waggon money, and other expences, incurred or to be incurred,

2	for

•20,474 b 17 s* 7 d. tor ti eight of Uanfpoits.

10,970!. 2 s. 5 d. 3 q. tor victuals for the land forces.

y 0,000 1. to Greenwich hofpital.

251,455b is. ,4>d. half-

Extraordi-nary charge of forrage, waggon money &c.

Hosted by Google

1744 J Anno decimo feptimo Geor^ii II. c. 33.	247

for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty 5*4>°*3 !• four; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding five hun- 3 extra* dred twenty four thoufand twenty three pounds eight (hillings, charges^of and three pence, on account of the extraordinary charges of the the troops troops ferving in Flanders, incurred in. the years one thoufand in Flanders, feven hundred and forty two, and one thoufand feven hundred ^ 10 1 , , and forty three, and not provided for by parliament; and any iq’cL for'de-fum or fums of money not exceeding fixty fix thoufand one fence of the hundred and nine pounds, thirteen (hillings, and ten pence, on North Ameri-on account of extraordinary fervices incurred in Georgia, for the^^ttle' prefervation and defence of his Majefty’s dominions on the continent of North America, from the twenty fecond day of Septem- i9»l68h lg s* her, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty eight, to the twenty troo^sofW° ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty rangers, a three, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or highland fums of money not exceeding nineteen thoufand one hundred company, &c. fixty eight pounds, eighteen (hillings, and four pence, for the inGeorg'a-charge of two troops of rangers, one highland company, toge- 57,7031. 17 s. ther with the charge of half galleys or fcooners, failors and 7' d. 1 q. for boatmen, to be employed in Georgia, for the faid year one thou-	ofVe-

fand feven hundred and forty four; and any fum or fums of neral and (faff money not exceeding thirty feven thoufand feven hundred and officers, and three pounds, feventeen (hillings, and feven pence farthing, for officers ot th? the pay and forrage of the general and ftaff officers, and likewife p^ders111 for the pay of the officers of the hofpital ferving with his Majefty’s forces in Flanders, for the faid year one thoufand feven 54.601. for hundred and forty four; and any fum or fums of money not horfes loft at exceeding five thoufand four hundred and fixty pounds, for providing three hundred thirty one horfes loft at the battle of 1 S Dettingen\ and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty thoufand nine hundred fifty nine pounds, four (hillings, and *0,959 1- 4s five pence farthing, for defraying the extraordinary expences and 5 d. j q. for fervices of his Majefty’s land forces in Great Britain, Minorca, extraordinary Gibraltar, and the plantations, incurred in the year one thou- [^forceVin6 fand feven hundred and forty three, and not provided for by Great Britain, parliament; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding Minorca,Gib-thirty one thoufand fix hundred ninety five pounds and twelve niltar, (hillings, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his fj^half ^* Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand 3gI2i. for feven hundred and forty four, fubjedt to fuch rules to be ob- penfions to ferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein reduced offLJ after preferibed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums ofcersw^ows, money not exceeding three thoufand eight hundred and twelve pounds, for paying of penfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, for the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four; which faid fum of three thoufand eight hundred and twelve pounds, (hall be ifiued to fijefi petfpn or perfons, as his Majefty (hall, by warrant or war-

R 4	rant*

Hosted by Google

24S	Anno	decimo	feptimo	GeorGII II. C.33:	[1744*

rants under his royal fign manual, direCt or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according to fuch eftablifh-ments, lifts, or other directions, and with and fubjeCl to fuch conditions, qualifications, or other allowances for the fame, as his Majefty, by fuch and the like warrant or warrants, fhall be gracioufty plealed to direCt and appoint.

30o}oool. to XVII. And it is alfo hereby enaCted, That out of all or any make good the. aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there lhall and may be Kino- ^ue<^ an^ applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding of Sardinia two hundred thoufand pounds, to make good his Majefty’s engagements with the King of Sardinia, purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three hundred thoufand pounds, to make good his Majefty's engagements with the Queen of Hungary, for the fupport of the houfe of Aujlria, and reftoring the balance of power in Europe.

XVIII. And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That out of all or any the

300,000 1. to make good engagements with the Queen of Hungary.

ciJncfes^nnde a*^s or Applies provided as aforefaid, there fhall and may be goodtothe ilTued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding linking fund, four thoufand three hundred ninety two pounds, nineteen (hillings, and five pence, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional ftamp duties at Cbrijimas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty two thoufand pounds, to replace to the finking fund the , 1V/11V	like fum paid out of the fame, for one year’s intereft due on or

rowed on the before the fifth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred lalt duties, and forty three, on the principal fum of one million two hundred thoufand pounds, lent on the credit of the fait duty towards the fupply of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty one; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding eight thoufand two hundred ninety five pounds, nine fhillings, and one penny, to replace to the finking fund, -the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duty upon all victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of London and JVeJhninJier, and the weekly bills of mortality, at Midjummer, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three; at which time the faid duty was determined, and the fum of four hundred and eighty one thoufand four hundred pounds charged thereon, was transferred to the duties on licences to fell fpiri-tuous liquors and ftrong waters by retail; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirteen thoufand eight hundred and on fweeteand ^eveniY pounds, feven fhillings, to replace to the finking fund made wines. the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency

20.0001.	to- of the duty of twelve fhillings a barrel, on fweets or wines

wards main- made from Britifb or foreign fruits or fugar at Michaelmasone

taming the thoufand feven hundred and forty three; and the fum of twenty African forts. _	,	,	.	J	,	3	.	.	r	A

4.0001.	for re- tnoufand pounds to be applied towards the maintenance or the

pairing St. Pe- Britifh rorts and fettjements belonging to the royal African ter’s Welt- company of England, on the coafts of Africa; and any fum piinfler. or fum3 0f money not exceeding four thoufand pounds, to-

yvard§

VIZ.

43921.19 s.

5 d. for the additional ftamp duties. 42,0001. for intereft of iponey bor-

8295 1. 9 $.

1 d. deficiency of the pot

13,8?o1. 7s. on ihe duty

Hosted by Google

1744.] Anno decimo feptitno Georgii II. c. 33.	249

wards the repairing and finifhing the collegiate church of Saint 4-000 h for St* P^r, Wejiminjler; and any fum or fums of money, not ex- EvaVefift ceeding four thoufand pounds, for the repair of the parifh s church of Saint John the Evangeliji, Wejiminjler.

XIX.	And it is hereby enadted, That out of all or any the 25>0ool. to-aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be wards build-ifiued and paid to the commiffioners for building a bridge crofs J«g Weftmin-the river 'Thames, from the city of Wejiminjler to the oppofite fter brid§e* (hore in the county of Surrey, or any (even or more of them,

or to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed under the hands and feals of the faid commiffioners or any feven, or more of them to receive the fame, the fum of twenty five thoufand pounds, without account, other than as is directed for the other monies raifed by virtue of the feveral former adls of parliament paffed during the reign of his prefent Majefty for building the faid bridge, to be applied towards enabling the faid commiffioners to finilh the faid bridge, and to perform the other trufts re-pofed in them.

XX.	And it is hereby alfo enadted, That out of all or any II9 j the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there fhall and may ^d. aq.for be iffiied and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding deficiency of one hundred nineteen thoufand nine hundred thirty four pounds, tbe Srants f°r < four (hillings, and four pence halfpenny, to make good the de- f eyear 174-l* ficiency of the grants for the year one thoufand feven hundred

and forty three; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding 5^z7^de S fifty five thoufand eight hundred twenty feven pounds fixteen fici*ency ofVhe, {hillings,' and three pence halfpenny, for making good the de- general fund, ficiency of the general fund for the year ended at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three.

XXL Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared and en- To make adted, That it fnall and may be lawful for his Majefty to iffiue gOOCj t^e fub-and apply out of the aids aforefaid, fuch fum and fums of money lidy treaties, as (hall be found neceffary to be ifiued and applied for or towards the payment of fuch fubfidies and other charges as fhall be due upon treaties made or to be made with his Majefty’s allies, and other expences for the fervice of the war, for any time before and until the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

XXII.	And be it enadted, That the faid aids or fupplies The forego-

provided as aforefaid fhall not be ifiued or applied to any ing aids not life, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and pur- an ther pofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies or other	0	ier

payments directed to be fatisfied thereout by any adt or adts, or

any particular claufe or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other adt or adts of this prefent feffio$ of parliament.

XXIII.	And as to the faid fum of thirty one thoufand fix Rules for the hundred ninety five pounds, and twelve (hillings, by this adt application of appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforefaid ; it is hereby balf-pay. enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules

herein after preferibed (hall be duly obferved in the application {hereof; that is to fay. That no perfon (hall have or receive any

6	part

Hosted by Google

j6 Geo.i.c.25.

The overplus of- laft j’ear’s h ilt pay, to he applied to the compai-ftonate lilt.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 33. f 1744.

part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteeft years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which heferved, was reduced ; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuCh perfons who did adtual fervlce in fome regiment, troop, or company ; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have oh receive any part of thefaid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ec-clefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, fhall have or re-ceive any part of the faid half-pay; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who has refigned his commiffion, and has had no commiffion fince ; that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons, who would have been other-wife intitled to the fame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difband-ed in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftab-lifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIV.	And whereas by an all of parliament made in the fix-teenth year of his Majefy s reign, intituled, An a61 for granting to his Majefty the fum of one million out of the finking fund; and for applying a further fum therein mentioned, for the fer-vice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and forty three; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; feveralfupplies which had been granted to his Majefy, as is therein mentioned, ivere appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein exprejfed, amongfl which, any fum or films of money not exceeding twenty fix thoufand one hundred thirty feven pounds, and ten pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefy*s land forces and marines, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obj'erved in the application of the faid half-pay, as in and by the aforefaid all were preferibed in that behalf; now it is hereby provided, enadted, and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid fum of twenty fix thoufand one hundred thirty feven pounds, and ten pence, as is or fhall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers according to the rules by the faid act preferibed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, fhall or may bedif-pofed of to fuch officers as are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others as by reafon of their long fervice, or otherwife, his Majefty fhall judge to be proper objedts of charity ; or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrantor warrants, under his Majefty 7s royal fign manual, as fla all be figned in that behalf; any thing in this act or thefaid former adl to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provifion for exchequer bills and lottery tickets loft, burnt, Zee, Time given to clerks and apprentices, See. to pay the duties. Exp.

XXVII. And whereas divers perfons did (in purfuance and upon the credit of an all of parliament made and paffed in the fecond year

Hosted by Go< le

I744-*] Anno dccimo feptimo GeoRGII tl.	25*

of the reign of her late fhajefiy 2>ueen Anne, intituled, An adt for 2. Ann. c. 3. granting an aid to her Majefty for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, by felling annuities at feveral rates, and for fuch refpedtive terms or eftates, as are therein mentioned) pur chafe feveral annuities payable at the receipt of the exchequer for the life and lives of one, two3 and three per fen or perfons refpelively : and whereas divers perfons did (in purfuarice and upon the credit of another a£i of parliament made in the third year of the reign of her faid late majejly §)ueen Anne, intituled, An adt for raifing 3 Ann. c. 2. monies by fale of federal annuities for carrying on the prefent war) pur chafe a reverfionary or future ejlate or inter ejl in feveral of the faid annuities payable by virtue of the faid former aft) to take effett from and after the determination of fuch refpedtive effat.es for one, two, or three life or lives in beings and to continue for and during the refidue and remainder of a term off ninety nine years therein mentioned, to commence and be computed from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and four, and then to come and unexpired: and whereas fiome of the faid no?ninees for Whofe lives fome of the faid annuities are to have been held, cannot be found or heard of and the parties that are or were intitled to fuch annuities, do not come or fend to demand the faid annuities, fo that it is become uncertain whether fuch nominees be living or dead, whereby the titles of the purchafers of fuch reverfions are become and will become diff putable; for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the authority a-forefaid, That in cafe any of the faid annuities (whereupon the The timefixt reverfion or reverfions were fo purchafed as aforefaid) are or fhall for annuitants not be demanded at the exchequer for the fpace of two years next claiming, after the fame (hall become payable; and in cafe Certificates of the life and lives of any nominee or nominees, upon whofe life or lives any annuities do depend, fhall not be produced to the officers of his Majefty’s exchequer, or fufficient proof made thereof according to the rules prefcribed by the former adls, within two years next after the faid annuities fhall, from time to time become payable, then, and from thenceforth, from and after the expiration of the faid two years, fuch nominee or nominees of whofe life or lives no fuch certificate fhall be produced, or proof made, fhall be taken to be dead, and the perfon or perfons that hath or have purchafed, or fhall hereafter purchafe fuch reverfion or reverfions of fuch annuity or annuities expedfant upon the death of fuch nominee or nominees, of whofe life or lives no fuch certificate fhall be produced, or proof made, fhall receive the faid refpedtive annuity or annuities, from time to time, until fuch certificate fhall be produced, or proof made, and fhall not be accountable for luch part of the faid annuity as he fhall then have actually received, for default of fuch certificate or proof; any thing in the faid former adt or adts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP,

Hosted by Google

252

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH II. 0.34,	[1744,

CAR XXXIV.

An aft for the better encouragement of feamen in his Majefty s fervice, and privateers, to annoy the enemy.

WHEREAS his Majefty being engaged hi a juft and oieceffiary war again France, and being refolved to profecute the fame with the iitmofl vigour, has for the encouragement of his faithful fub-jefts, ferving on board his Jhips of war, or privateers, been gracioujly plea fed, by his royal declaration, bearing date the twenty ninth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, to grant, that the flag officers, conmianders and officers, feamen, marines and foldiers on board every flrip or veffiel of zuar in his Majefty s pay, and on board privateers, Jhall have the foie interef and property of and in all and every foip, veffiel, goods and merchandizes, and effects, ivhich they Jhall take during the continuance of this war againjt France, being firfi adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majejly s courts of admiralty of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of his plantations in America, or other dominions of Great Britain ; and whereas by an aft made in the 13 Geo. z, c.4. thirteenth year of his Majefty's reign, intituled. An a6t for the rnore effectual fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefty’s Britijh fubjedls to America, and for the encouragement of feamen to enter into his Majefty's fervice, the foie interejl and pro-perty of and in all and every foip, veffiel, goods and merchandize, taken from the Spaniards, is given to the flag officers, commanders and other officers, feamen, marines and foldiers on board every foip -and veffiel'of war in his Majefty's pay, and to privateers (beingfirft adjudged‘ lawful prize in any of his Majefty s courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his plantations in America, or elfewhere) and divers rules and regulations are therein eftablifoed for the adjudication and condemnation of prizes taken from the Spaniards; and by the faid aft a bounty is given to the officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, or others that Jhall have been aftually on board fuch of his Majefty s foip or foips of war or privateer or privateers, in any aftion where any foip or foips of war, or privateers, foall have been taken from the enemy, funk, burnt or oiherwife deftroyed: and whereas it is neceffiary that the fame encouragements in all refpefts foould be given to the captors of French foips, veffiels, goods and merchandizes, and the fame rules and regulations foould be obferved in the adjudication and condemnation of prizes taken from the French : now to the end that his Majefty’s moft gracious intention may have full force and effect, and for the better carrying on the faid war againft France with vigour, and for the encouragement of the officers and feamen of his Majefty’s (hips of war, and the officers and feamen of all other Britijh fhips and veflels, having commiflions, or letters of marque; and for inducing all Britifo feamen, who may be in any foreign fervice, to return into this kingdom, and become ferviceable to his Majefty, and for the more effectual fecuring and extending the trade of his Majefty’s fubjedls, be it' enaefted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authori-

ty

Hosted by C	ogle

1744*1 Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii IT. c. 34.

253

ty of the fame, That the flag officers, commanders and other Ships of war officers, feamen, marines and foldiers, on board every fhip and JJ1 ^lsama^ veflel of war in his Majefty’s pay, (hall have the foie filtered and bave^heVoTe property of and in all and every fhip, veflel, goods and mer- property of all chandizes which they have taken on or fince the twenty ninth their prizes, day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, or (hall hereafter take (being firft adjudged being firft ad-lawful prize in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty in Great judged in the Britain, or in his plantations in America, or elfewhere) to he CC^tv * divided in fuch proportions, and after fuch manner, as his Ma-jefty by his laid declaration, bearing date the twenty ninth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, ordered and directed; or in fuch proportions, and after fuch manner, as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, fhall think fit to order and dire£l, by proclamation or proclamations, hereafter to be iflued for that purpofe.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Lords of the

the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiflioners for admiralty to

executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the	to°in"

time being, or any three or more of them, or any perfon or per- ^^eers?

fons by him or them impowered and appointed, fhall, at the 1

requeft of any owner or owners of any fhip or veflel, giving

fuch bail and fecurity as have been ufually taken upon granting

commiflions or letters of marque (except only for the payment

of the tenths of the value of prizes which fhall be taken, to the

lord high admiral, or commiflioners for executing the office of

lord high admiral for the time being) caufe to be iflued forth in

the ufual manner one or more commiffion or commiflions to any ^ , r r	r	i	r	1	n	?t	•	J	The tenor of

perion or perions whom luch owner or owners fhall nominate their eommjf.

to be commander, or in cafe of death fucceflively commanders fions, of fuch fhip or veflel, for the attacking, furprizing, feizing and taking, by and with fuch fhip or veflel, or the crew thereof, any place or fortrefs upon the land, or any fhip or veflel, goods, ammunition, arms, (lores of war, or merchandizes belonging to or poflefled by any of his Majefty’s enemies in any fea, creek, haven or river, and that fuch (hip or fhips, veflel or veflels, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods and merchandizes whatfoever, with all their furniture, tackle or apparel, fo to be taken by or with fuch private owner or owners (hip or veflel, according to fuch commiffion and commiflions (being firft adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majefly’s courts of admiralty as aforefaid) fhall wholly and intirely belong to, and be divided *>nvateers between and among the owner and owners of fuch fhip or veflel, have^he pro-and the feveral perfons which fhall be on board the fame, and fit of their be aiding and afiifting to the taking thereof, in fuch fhares and prizes accord-proportions as (hall be agreed on with the owner or owners of inS to fuch fhip or veflel as (hall be the captor thereof, their agents or the Owners? fa£lors, as the proper goods ahd chattels of fuch owner or owners, and the perfons that (hall be thus entitled thereto by virtue of fuch agreements among themfelves ; and that neither his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any admiral, vice admiral,

governor

Hosted by Google

Method of condemning the prizes.

Anno decimo feptimo GeoRgii II. €. 34.	{'[1744.

governor or other perfon commiflioned by or claiming under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or any perfon or perfons what-foever, other than the owner or owners of .fuch (hip or veffel, being the captor of fuch prize, (hip or veffel, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods and merchandizes, and the perfons claiming under him or them, (hall be entitled to any part or (hare thereof (except as to the cuftoms and duties hereafter mentioned) any cuftom, ftatute or other law to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And for the more fpeedy proceeding to condemnation or other determination of any prize (hip or veffel, goods or merchandizes taken as aforefaid, and for leffening of the expences that have been ufual in the like cafes; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the judge or judges of fuch court of admiralty, or other perfon or perfons thereto authorized (hall, within the fpace of five days after requeft to him or them for that purpofe made, finifh the ufual preparatory examination of the perfons commonly examined in fuch cafes, in order to prove the capture to be lawful prize, or to enquire whether the fame be lawful prize or not; and that the proper monition ufual in fuch cafes (hall be iffued by the perfon or perfons proper to iffue the fame, and fhall be executed in the ufual manner by the perfon or perfons proper to execute the fame, within the fpace of three days after requeft in that behalf made ; and in cafe no claim of fuch capture, (hip, veffel or goods (hail be duly entered or made in the ufual form, and attefted upon oath, giving twenty days notice after the execution of fuch monition, or if there be fuch claim, and the claimant or claimants fhall not within five days give fufficient fecurity (to be approved by fuch court of admiralty) to pay double cofts to the captor or captors of fuch (hip, veffel or goods, in cafe the fame fo claimed (hall be adjudged lawful prize that then the judge or judges of fuch court of admiralty (hall, upon producing to him or them the faid examinations, or copies thereof, and upon producing to him or them upon oath, all papers and writings which (hall have been found, taken in or with fuch capture, or upon oath made that no fuch papers were found, immediately, and without further delay, proceed to fentence, either to difcharge and acquit fuch capture, or to adjudge and condemn the fame as lawful prize, according as the cafe (hall appear to him or them, upon perufal of fuch preparatory examinations, and alfo of the writings found, taken in or with fuch capture, if any fuch writing (hall be found ; and in cafe fuch claim (hall be duly entered or made, and fecurity given thereupon, according to the tenor and true meaning of this adt, and there (hall appear no occafion to examine any witneffes, other than what (hall be then near to fuch court of admiralty ; that then fuch judge or judges fhall forthwith caufe fuch wit-nefies to be examined within the fpace of ten days after fuch claim made, and fecurity given, and proceed to fuch fentence as aforefaid touching fuch capture; but in cafe, upon making or entering fuch claim, and the allegation and oath thereupon, or the producing fuch writings as (hall have been found, taken

Hosted by Google

2-5 5

1744-] Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGH II. C.34.

in or with fuch capture, or upon the faid preparatory examinations, it (hall appear doubtful to the judge or judges of fuch court of admiralty, whether fuch capture be lawful prize or not, and it (hall appear neceflary according to the circumftances of the cafe, for the clearing and determining fuch doubt, to have an examination upon pleadings given in by the parties, and admitted by the judge, of witnefles that are remote from fuch court of admiralty, and fuch examination (hall be defired, and that it be dill infilled on, on behalf of the captors, that the faid capture is lawful prize, and that the contrary be dill perfifted in on the claimants behalf, that then the faid judge or judges (hall forthwith caufe fuch capture to be appraifed by perfons to be named by the parties, and appointed by the court, and fworn truly to appraife the fame according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge, for which purpofe the faid judge or judges (hall caufe the goods found on board to be unladen, and an inventory thereof being fird taken by the madhal of the admiralty or his deputy,

(hall caufe them to be put into proper warehoufes, with feparate locks of the collector and comptroller of the cudoms, and where there is no comptroller, of the naval officer, and the agents or perfons employed by the captors and claimants at the charge of the party or parties dedring the fame, and fhall after fuch appraife-ment made, and within the fpace of fourteen days after the making of fuch claim, proceed to take good and Sufficient fe-curity from the claimants to pay the captors the full value thereof according to fuch appraifement, in cafe the fame (hall be adjudged lawful prize; and fhall alfo proceed to take good and fufficient fecurity from the captors to pay fuch cods as the court fhall think proper, in cafe fuch (hip fhall not be condemned as lawful prize; and after fuch fecurities duly given, the faid judge or judges (hall make an interlocutory order for releadng or delivering the fame to fuch claimant or claimants, or his* or their agents, and the fame fhall be actually releafed or delivered accordingly.

IV.	And it is further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That If the claim-if any claimant or claimants fhall refufe to give fuch fecurity, ants refute to the judge or judges fhall caufe the captor or captors in like man- fheec^aCtors5/, ner, to give good and fufficient fecurity, to be approved of by nxay^id^ro-the claimant or claimants, to pay the faid claimant or claimants ceed to trial, the full value thereof, according to the appraifement, in cafe

any fuch capture or captures diall be adjudged not to be lawful prize; and the faid judge or judges fhall thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory order for the releafing and delivering the fame to the faid captor or captors, or their agents.

V.	And it is further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Method of all fuch captures as aforefaid, which fhall be brought into any proceeding of his, Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, fhall, with- Wlth-?T^3 out breaking bulk, ftay there and be under the joint care and any of the* cuftody of the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms, or where American <>-there is no comptroller, of the naval officer of the port or place lonten •where the fame fhall be brought, and all the captors thereof,

and

Hosted by Google

Penalty on any judges abroad delaying trial.

What (hall be paid in the courts of admiralty a-broad, for trying and condemning prizes.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 34:	[*744-

and their agents, fubje6t to the directions of the court of admiralty, until either the fame (hall, by final fentence, have been either cleared and difcharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that fuch interlocutory order as aforefaid, (hall have been made for the releafing or delivering of the fame; and upon the condemnation or adjudication thereof as lawful prize, fhall, in cafe the fame were taken by any fuch private (hip or ihips commiflioned as aforefaid, be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof, and their agents, to be by them difpofed of as their goods and chattels ; and in cafe the fame were taken by any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, unto fuch perfon or perfons, and to be fo divided and difpofed of, as his Majefty has, by his faid declaration, ordered and directed, or as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors fhall, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be iftued for that purpofe, order and direct.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers in any of his Majefty’s plantations or dominions abroad, to whom refpec-tively it (hall appertain, (hall delay the doing, performing, making or pronouncing any of the. feveral proceedings, matters, or things, for, towards, or relating to condemning or difeharg-ing, releafing or delivering of any fuch capture in manner aforefaid, within the refpective times herein before limited, or as foon as the fame, or any of them, ought to be done, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, all and every fuch judge and judges, and other officer and officers fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame, in any of the courts in or for any of his Majefty’s faid colonies or plantations, or in any of his Majefty’s courts of record within his kingdom of Great Britain,

VII.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall not be paid unto, or among all the judges and officers of fuch court of admiralty in any of his Majefty’s plantations or dominions abroad, for, towards, or relating to the adjudging or condemning of fuch capture as aforefaid, as lawful prize, above the fum of ten pounds, in cafe fuch prize, (hip, or vefiel be under the burthen of one hundred tons, nor above the fum of fifteen pounds, in cafe the fame be of that or any greater burthen; and that upon payment of either of the faid refpective fums, as the cafe (hall require, to the faid judge or judges, or any of them, to be by him or them difpofed or divided, as he or they (hall think fit, among the officers of fuch court; fuch judges and officers, and every of them, fhall be liable to all and every the feveral penalties hereby impofed for neglecting or delaying to do and perform their feveral and refpective duties or offices, in and relating to the feveral proceedings aforefaid, within the refpective times herein for that purpofe limited.

VII.	And

Hosted by CjOCK^Ic

1744O Anno decimo feptimo Georgii IT. c. 34*	257

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enacted . j t0 by the authority aforefaid, That if any captor or captors, claim- commiffion-ant or claimants (ball not reft fatisfied with the fentence given in ers.

fuch court of admiralty in any of his Majefty’s plantations or dominions abroad, it fhall and may be lawful for the party or part-ies thereby aggrieved,to appeal from the faid court of admiralty to the commiftioners appointed or to be appointed under the great feal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining appeals in caufes of prizes; fuch appeal to be allowed in the like manner as appeals to fuch commiftioners are now allowed from the court of admiralty within this kingdom, fo as the fame be made within fourteen days after fentence, and good fecurity be likewife given by the appellant or appellants, that he or they will effectually profecute luch appeal, and anfwer the condemnation, and alfo pay treble cofts, as (hall be awarded, in cafe the fentence of fuch court of admiralty be affirmed; any thing in this a61 before to the contrary hereof in any wife notwith-(landing.

IX.	Provided always, That the execution of any fentence fo Appellant to appealed from as aforefaid, fhall not be fufpended by reafon of give fecurity* fuch appeal, in cafe the party or parties appellate fhall give fufficient fecurity, to be approved of by the court in which fuch

fentence (hall be given, to reftore the (hip, veftel, goods, or effects, concerning which fuch fentence (hall be pronounced, or the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in cafe the fentence fo appealed from fhall be reverfed.

X.	And be it enacted, That in cafe any perfon who was not a party in the firft inftance of the caufe, fhall interpofe an appeal from a fentence given in any admiralty court, fuch perfon, or his or her agent, fhall, at the fame time, enter his or her claim, otherwife fuch appeal fhall be null and void.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, To forpejt That if any commander or commanders, officer or officers, treble the feamen, marines, foldiers, or others, fhall break bulk on board, value for or imbezil any of the money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, goods imbe-tackle, furniture, or apparel of or belonging to fuch prize or prizes^ prizes fo taken; fuch commander, officer, feaman, marine, fol-

dier, or others, (hall forfeit treble the value of all fuch money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, tackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they (hall imbezil; one third part thereof to be to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, and the other two third parts thereof, to him or them that will fue for the fame, by action of debt,' plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, in which no eftoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Agents for

That all appraifements and fales of any (hip or fhips, goods, fde of prizes,, wares, or merchandizes as fhall betaken by any of his Majefty’s	aP~

(hips of war, fhall be made by agents or perfons nominated and Poime appointed in equal numbers by the commander, officers, or

(hip’s company, and others entitled thereunto (that is to fay)

Vol. XVIII,	§	that

Hosted by Google

258	Anno	decimo	feptimc GeoRGH II. c. 34:	[*744#

that if the commander or commanders of fuch (hip or (hips as fhall take any fuch prize or prizes, (hall nominate and appoint one or more perlon or perfons, agent or agents, to fell or ap-praife the fame as aforefaid, then the officers entitled thereunto, or the majority of them, (hall nominate and appoint the like number of perfons or agents to adt for them, and the (hip’s company, and others, or the major part of them, (hall alfo nominate and appoint the fame number of perfons or agents to adt on their behalf in fuch appraifement or fale.

XIII.	Provided, That nothing herein contained, (hall extend or be conftrued to alter or make void any agreement or agreements, made or to be made in writing, between the owners, officers, and feamen of any private fhips or veilels of war.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

tice to be given ^ ^at a^ter t^e or fates °f fuch pdze or prizes as (hall be by agents, of taken from the enemy, by any of his Majefty’s fhips of war, the day ap- publick notification fhall be given by the perfons or agents appointed to pay	p0inted as aforefaid, of the day appointed for the payment of

LaresPt°1S	t^e feveral (hares to the captors aforefaid; after which	publick

notification, if any mens fhares (hail remain in the hands of

the perfons or agents appointed as aforefaid, either belonging to

Shares not de- fuch meri as fhall be run from his Majefty’s fervice, or which

manded in 3 plajj not be legally demanded within three years, then fuch fhare

vears to so to	o	j	j j

Greenwich	or fhares fo remaining in the perfons or agents hands, or	belong-

holpital.	ing to fuch men as fhall run from his Majefty’s fervice,	fhall go

and be paid to the ufe of Greenvoich hofpital.

Prizes not ex ^V. Provided always, and be it declared and enadted by the

eniptecTfrom" authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained fhall extend,

cuftoms. or be conftrued to extend, to exempt any fhips, goods, wares,

or merchandizes, which (hall be taken as prize, and brought or

imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majefty’s plantations

in America, from the payment of any cuftoms or duties, or

from being fubjedt to fuch reftridlions and regulations to which

the lame now are or fhall hereafter be liable, by virtue of the

laws and ftatutes of this realm.

XVI.	And for the encouraging his Majefty’s fubjedts to en-gVanted^to 6 £age m J0"int and united, as well as feparate expences, expedi-adventurers, tions, and adventures; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That his Majefty be, and he and his heirs and fuc-ceffors are hereby impowered from time to time during the continuance of this prefent or any future war, to grant or make any charter, commiffion, or grant, charters, commiffions, or grants, for the better or more effectual enabling any fociety or focieties, or particular perfons, to join in any expeditions or adventures, by fea or land, and to fail to and in any feas, for the attacking, furprizing, taking, or deftroying any fhips, goods, moveables, and immoveables, fettlements, fa&ories, creeks, harbours, places of ftrength, lands, forts, caftles, and fortifications, now belonging, or hereafter to belong to, or to be pofleffed by any enemy of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors; and for the better making and carrying on any preparations for

fuch

Hosted by Google

259

1744'] Anno ciecimo feptimo GeoRGH II. c. 34. fuch purpofe and purpofes, and for the making and a/Turing to the focieties and perfons which may be concerned, their heirs, fucceffors, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, full and undoubted properties, rights, and titles of, in, and to, and the full enjoyment of all and every the (hips, ammunition, ftores of war, goods, chattels, moveables, and immoveables, fettle-ments, fadlories, places of ftrength or fecurity, lands, forts, caftles, or fortifications, now belonging to, or poffefled by, or hereafter to belong to, or to be poffefled by any enemy of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, which fuch fociety or perfons fhall take, or caufe to be taken from any fuch enemy; together with all the proceed, profits, and advantages, which may accrue of or by the fame, or any of them, with and under fuch regulations, and in fuch manner and form, as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, fhall think fit; and at any time or times afterwards, by any further grants or charters, to confirm, corroborate, and further affure the premiffes, and every or any of them, to the faid focieties Or perfons concerned, their and every of their heirs, fucceffors, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, fo as to enable them, and every of them, to have, hold, and enjoy the full benefit thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this acft; any law, ftatute, provifion, or declaration to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVII.	Provided always, That nothing fhall be contained Free trade in any charter, commiflion, or grant, made in purfuance of this >s

adt, to exclude or reftrain any of his Majefty’s fubjedls, from to the charter-having a full and free trade to the places and territories contain- ed conquelh* ed in fuch charters.

XVIII.	And as a further encouragement to the officers, Teamen, marines, foldiers, and others, on board his Majefty’s fhips of war, as alfo of privateers, to attack, take, and deftroy

any fhips of force, belonging to the enemy; be it enacted by gounty mo_

the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be paid by the treafurer ney to be paid

of his Majefty’s navy, upon bills to be made forth by the com- for taking or

miffioners of the navy, to be paid according to the courfe there- deftroyingthe

of, without fee or reward, unto the officers, feamen, marines, enemles

foldiers, or others, that fhall have been actually on board fuch

of his Majefty’s fhip or fhips of war, or privateer or privateers,

in any adtion where any fhip or (hips of war, or privateers, -fhall

have been taken from the enemy, funk, burnt, or otherwife de-

ftroyed, fince his Majefty’s declaration of war againft France,

five pounds for every man which was living on board any fhip

or fhips, fo taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, at the

beginning of the engagement between them; the numbers of

fuch men to be proved by the oaths of three or more of the

chief officers, or men which were belonging to the faid fhip or

fhips of war, or privateers of the enemy, or belonging to any

of them at the time of her or their being taken as prize, funk,

burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, before the mayor, or other chief

magiftrate of the port, within any of his Majefty’s dominions,

^hereunto any prize, or officers, or men of fuch (hips as were

S %	funk,	*

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii II. c. 34."	[1744.

funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, (hall be brought 5 or before the Britijb conful, or vice conful, refiding at any neutral port, to which fuch prize, or officers, or men, (hall be brought; which oaths the faid mayor, or other chief magiftrate of any fuch port, or conful, or vice conful, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter, and fhall forthwith grant a certificate thereof, without fee or reward, diredted to the commiffioners of the navy; upon producing which certificate to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy, together with an authentick copy of the condemnation of fuch fhip fo taken, or if fuch (hip be funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor, or other chief magiftrate, or conful, or vice conful, as aforefaid, the faid commiffioners of his Majefty’s _ navy, or fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall appoint for that purpofe, fhall, according to the courfe of the navy, within fifteen days, make out bills for the amount of fuch bounty, directed to the treafurer of the navy, payable to, and to be divided amongft the officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, on board his Majefty’s fhips of war, in manner, form, and proportion, as by his Majefty’s proclamation to be iflued for that purpofe, fhall be diredted and appointed, and amongft the owners, officers, and feamen of any private veffel, or fhip of war, in fuch manner and proportion, as by any agreement in writing they fhall have entered into for that purpofe, fhall be directed.

XIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Captors to ap- That the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby point agents granted to the commanders, officers, leamen, marines, foldiers, to receive the and others of his Majefty’s fhips of war, for taking, finking, bounty-mo- burning, or otherwife deftroying any fhips of war, or privateers belonging to any of his Majefty’s enemies, fhall be made payable to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be authorized and appointed by the commander, and by the majority of the officers, and the major part of fuch fhips company, and others, as fhall have taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed the fame, to be di-ftributed and divided by the faid perfon or perfons fo authorized and appointed amongft the captors, in fuch manner, form and’

.	proportion	as aforefaid, the feveral fhares of which captors, if

notZ<demand®d not ^ega^Y demanded within three years after publick notificar-an three years, t^on5 and alfo of luch as fhall run from his Majefty’s fervice, togotoGreen- (hall be applied to the ufe of Greenwich Hof pit al; and that the vvichhofpital. bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby granted to privateers, for ta'king, burning, linking, or otherwife deftroying any fhips of war, or privateers belonging to any of his Majefty’s enemies, fhall be made payable to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be nominated and appointed by the owner or owners, officers and feamen of fuch privateer or privateers, who fhall have taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed the fame, or the major part of them, to be divided in fuch manner and proportion as fhall have been agreed by them as aforefaid.

Goods of Bri- XX. Provided always, and be it enaefted. That if any fhip, tifh fubjeSb veffel, or boat taken as prize, or any goods therein fhall appear,

and

Hosted by Google

1744*1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c.34.	261

and be proved in the court of admiralty to have belonged to any retaken from of his Majefty’s fubjeCfs of Great Britain or Ireland? or any of the enerny, the dominions and territories remaining and continuing under how to be dif-his Majefty’s protection and obedience, which were before taken P°fed ot. or furprized by any of his Majefty’s enemies, and at any time afterwards again fuprized and retaken from his Majefty’s enemies, by any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, or any private man of war, or other fhip, veffel, or boat under his Majefty’s protection and obe dience,that then fuch fhips,veftels, boats and goods,and every fuch part and parts thereof as aforefaid, formerly belonging to fuch his Majefty’s fubjeCts, (hall in all cafes be adjudged to be reftored, and (hall be by decree of the faid court of admiralty accordingly reftored to fuch former ownei^cr owners, or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu or falvage, if retaken from the enemy by one of his Majefty’s (hips of war, an eighth part of the true value of the (hips, veftels, boats, and goods refpeCtively fo. to be reftored ; which falvage (hall be anfwered and paid to the captains, officers, and feamen in the faid man of war, to be divided in fuch manner, as before in this act is directed, touching the fhare of prizes belonging to the flag officers, captains, officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, where prizes are taken s by any of his Majefty’s (hips of war; and if taken by a privateer or other (hip, veffel, or boat, before it has been in the pofleffion of the enemy twenty four hours, an eighth part of the true value of the faid fhips,veftels, boats, and goods; and if it has been in the pofleffion of the enemy above twenty four hours, and under forty eight hours, a fifth part thereof; and if above forty eight hours, and under ninety fix hours, a third part thereof; and if above ninety fix hours, a moiety thereof; all which payments to be made to any privateer or other fhip, veffel, or boat, (hall be without any deduClions; and if fuch (hip fo retaken by any of his Majefty’s (hip of war, or by any private man of war, fhall appear to have been after the taking by the enemy by them fet forth, as a man of war, the former owners and proprietors to whom the fame (hail be reftored fhall be adjudged to pay, and fhall pay for falvage, the full moiety of the true value of the faid fhip fo taken and reftored, without deduction as aforefaid; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXL And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid. Penalties on That in cafe any fhip or veffeJ, or any goods or merchandifes ^ips taken by fhall be taken by any privateer, through confent, or clandeft- co Ul011* inely, or by collufion or connivance, fuch fhip and vefTel, and fuch goods and merchandizes, and alfo the (hip’s tackle, furniture, apparel, and ammunition of fuch privateer, (hall, upon proof thereof to be made in his Majefty’s court of exchequer, or in the court of admiralty, be declared and adjudged to be good prize to his Majefty, and one moiety thereof fhall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch perfon who (hall difcover and fue for the fame, and the bond given by the captain of fuch privateer

S 3	(hall

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 34.	[1744

{hall be and is hereby adjudged to be forfeited to his Majefty; and in cafe any fuch (hip or veffel, or any goods or merchandizes as aforefaid, fhall be taken by any man of war, through confent clandestinely, or by collufion or connivance of the commander or captain, fuch commander or captain fhall forfeit the fum of one thoufand pounds, one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch perfon who fhall difcover and fue for the fame; to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege* or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance fhall be allowed, and fuch captain or officer, fhall forfeit his command and employment, and fhall be and is hereby difebled and made incapable of any office or employment under his Majefty during the fpace of feven years, and the faid goods and merchandizes, and the fhip, tackle, apparel, furniture, guns, and ammunition fo taken by collufion, fhall be and is hereby adjudged to be good prize to his Majefty.

XXII.	And whereas good and neceffary laws have been made, and are fill in force, ivithin feveral of his Majefys colonies or plantations in America, for the preventing the carrying off from the faid colonies or plantations any fervant or jlave, without the confent of the

' owner, or the carrying off from thence any other perfon or perfons _ _	zvhatfoever, until fuch perfon fhall have taken out his ticket from the

fervant, with- feretory s office within fuch refpeflive colony or plantation, in fuch out content of manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as in and by the matter:	faid feveral laws is declared and provided; be it therefore further

But in all cafes ena(^e<^ by authority aforefaid, That all commanders of pri-to obferve the vate ^ips °f war? or merchants (hips having letters of marque, jaws of the fhall, upon their going into any of thofe ports or harbours, be country. fubjeCt, and they are 'hereby determined to be fubject to the feveral directions, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, in and by fuch laws made and provided ; any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftaning.

XXIII.	And whereas doubts have arifen upon the conjlruftion of All -prizes feveral claufes in the faid a£l made in the thirteenth year of his Ma-taken from jejiys reign, intituled, An aCt for the more effectual fecuring and the Spaniards, encouraging the trade of his Majefty’s Britifh fubjeCts to America, de^^edT^* an<^ ^or ^ encouraSement °f feamen to enter into hisMajefty’s »'ordiiig to~the fervice > he it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from method pre- and after the firft day of July, in the year one thoufand feven lcnbed by this hundred and forty four, all proceedings in any of his Majefty’s

courts of admiralty concerning the adjudication and condemnation of prizes taken from the Spaniards, fhall be according to the form and method directed and preferibed by this prefent aCt.

XXIV.	Provided always, That nothing in this aCt contained fhall be conftrued to reftrain his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-

therdire&ions fors, from giving fuch further rules and directions to his refpec-o? adardralt^ ^ve courts admiralty, for the adjudication and condemnation 1 of prizes, as by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, with the

advice

No privateer, Nx, in America, to take cn board any

His Majefty may give fur

Hosted by Google

1744*1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. C. 35,	263

advice of his or their privy council, (hall be thought neceffary or proper.

XXV.	And whereas in all private /hips of war, or merchant flips that /hall take out letters of marque, it is expedient for the better dif-cipline and government offuch Jhips, that all perfons who /hall enter them-felves on board the faid/hips, Jhould be under proper regulations to pay obedience to the lawful commands of the captains and chief commanders of the faid J,hips; be it therefore enatfted by the authority aforefaid, Offenders on That all offences committed by any officer or feaman on board board priva-any privateer or merchant (hip taking letter of marque, during teers’ the prefent war with Spain or France, fhall be punifhed in fuch on board flbps manner as the like offences are punifhableon board his Majefty’s 0f war.

(flips of war.

XXVI Provided always. That all offenders who fhall be Offences in a accufed of fuch crimes as are cognizable only by a court-martial, privateer, and (hall be confined on board fuch privateer or merchant fhip car-	b^C°^cturt

rying letter of marque, on which fuch offence fhall be commit- mart]j vv}lerr~ ted, until they fhall arrive in fome port in Great Britain or Ire- to be tried. landj or can meet with fuch a number of his Majefty’s fhips of war abroad, as are fufficient to make a court-martial; and upon application made by the commander of fuch privateer, or merchant fhip carrying letter of marque, to the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or the commander in chief of his Majefty’s faid (hips of war abroad, the faid lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or fuch commander in chief abroad, are hereby authorized and required to call a court-martial for trying and punifhing the faid offences.

CAP. XXXV,

An aft to explain, amend, and enlarge an aft made in the fifteenth and feventeenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for regulating the mea-fures and prices of coals.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the fixteenth and feventeenth 16 & 17 Car,2, year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An c. 2, acft for regulating the meafures and prices of coals, it is (amongfl other things) enafted, That the lord mayor of London, and the court of aldermen, for the time being, and the jufices of peace of the feveral and refpeftive counties and places cohere coals, commonly called Sea Coals, brought into the river ^/'ThamesJ are fold by retail, or any three or more of them, whereof one to be of the Quorum, fiould be, and are thereby impowered to fet the, rates and prices of all fuch coals as Jhould be fold by retail, as they from time to time fliould judge reafonable, allowing a competent profit to the faid retailer, beyond the price paid by him to the importer, and the ordinary charges thereupon accruing: And whereas many exaftions and abufes are ufed Py rftfders of fea coals, brought by fea into other rivers, creeks, ha-

S 4	venSj

to let the re tail price on coals in any part of Eng land, &c.

264.	Anno	decimo	leptimo GeorGII II. C. 35:	[1744*

vetiSy ports, citiesboroughs, towns, counties, and places^ within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, bejides fuch counties and places where fuch coals brought into the river Thames were and are fold by retail: for avoiding of which exactions and abufes in fuch other counties and places as afore-fold, a like remedy is needful to be provided, as by the faid recited aft is provided, touching the retailers of coals brought into the faid river of Thames, and fold; wherefore be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-Three juftices fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament allembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, the juftices of the peace of the feveral counties in the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and of the town of Berwick upon Tweedy or any three or more of them, whereof one to be of the Quorum) {hall be, and ate hereby impowered to fet the rates and prices of all fuch coals, called Sea Coals, as fhall be brought by fea into any other rivers, creeks, havens, or .ports, and fold by retail after landed, in any other cities, boroughs, towns, counties, and places, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, to which the faid recited act doth not extend, as they from time to time fhall judge reasonable, allowing a competent profit to the faid retailer, beyond the price paid by him to the importer, and the ordinary charges thereupon accruing; and that if any ingrofler or retailer of fuch coals, (hall refufe to fell as aforefaid, that then the faid juftices of the peace refpedively are hereby authorized to appoint and impower fuch officer or officers, or other perfons, as they fhall think fit, to enter into any wharf, or other place, where fuch coals are ftored up; and in cafe of refufal, taking a conftable, to force entrance, and the faid coals to fell, or caufe to be fold, at fuch rates as the laid juftices relpedively (hall judge reafonable, rendering to fuch ingroffer or retailer the money for which the faid coals fhall be fo fold, neceffary charges being deducted ; and if any adion fhall be commenced againft the juftice of peace, conftable, or any officer or perfon, for any thing to be done in purfuance of this ad, the defendant in every fuch adion may plead the general iftue, and give the fpe-cial matter in evidence; and if the verdief be found for him, or the plaintiff become nonfuited, luch defendant fhall recover and have his damages, and treble cofts of fuit, for his unjuft vexation in that behalf.

No interefted ll- Prosified always. That no perfon having intereft in any perfon to be wharf ufed for the receivingand uttering of coals,or that doth or concerned in {hall trade by himfelfor others, in his own or any other name, fietting a price jn the fale of any coals, or the engroffing the fame, in order to fell the fame,' and not for hisbwn private ufe only, (hall ad, or otherwife intermeddle in the fetting the price of coals; any fhing in this ad to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

allowing a competent profit to the retailers.

Power of juftices, if the retailers refufe to fell as ordered,

General iftue.,

Treble cofts.

on coals.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

J744-] Anno declmo feptimo Georgii II. C. 36,

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft for permitting certain goods therein enumerated, to he * imported during the war in Britifh built flipping, the property of foreigners •, and for relief of William Ord, and •others, and for obviating a doubt which hath arifen upon the aSl of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the encouraging and increafing of fhipping and navigation, as to the importation on the account of aliens, of goods of the growth or production of the plantations of Spain and Portugal, in Englifh flips duly navigated.

WHEREAS by a claufe in an a Cl of parliament pajfed in the , % car> twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, inti- c. 18. tilled. An adt for the encouraging and increafing of fhipping and navigation, it is enabled. That no goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Mufcovy, or of any the countries, dominions or territories to the great duke or Emperor ofMufcovy or Ruflia belonging ; as alfo that no forts of maps, timber, or boards, no foreign fait, pitch, tar, rofin, hemp, or flax, raiflns, flgs, prunes, olive oils, no fort of corn or grain, Jugar, pot-ajhes, wines, vinegar, or fpirits called Aqua vitae, or brandy wine, Jhould, from and after the firfl day of April, which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty one, be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or toivn of Berwick upon Tweed, in any finp or Jhips, vejfel or vejfels whatfoever, but in fuch as do truly, and without fraud, belong to the people thereof, or foms of them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and ivhereof the mafler and three fourths of the mariners, at leaf, are Englifh ; and that no currans, nor commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture of any of the countries, iflands, dominions, or territories to the Othoman or Tur-kith empire belonging, Jhould, from and after the firfl day of September, which ivas in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty one, be imported into any the forernentioned places, in any Jhip.or vejfel, but which is of Englifh built, and navigated as afore-faid, and in no other, except only fuch foreign finps and vejfels, as are of the built of that country or place of which the faid goods are the growth, production, or manufacture refpeCiively, or of fuch port ivhere the faid goods can only be, or mofi ufiually are, firfl Jhipped for tranfportation, and whereof the mafler and three fourths of the mariners, at leaf, are of the faid country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture of Jhip and goods: And ivhere as the felling of Britifh , built finps to foreigners, is a beneficial branch of trade, and ought therefore to be encouraged; and it is highly reafomble, that Britifh Jhips fo Jold to, or being the property of, foreigners, Jhould enjoy the fame privilege in thefe kingdoms, as if they were of the built of the refpeltive countries or places from whence fuch finps do come; may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled, and he it enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice 6	and

Hosted by Google

2.66

Liberty to import enumerated goods in Britilh (hips during the war*

William Ord, &c. may import the goods arrived in the St. John Bap-tiit.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii IL c. 36.	[1744*'

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of May^ one thou-fand feven hundred and forty four, and during the prefent wars with France and Spain, or either of them, and no longer, the faid recited claufe in the faid aCt of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to hinder or prevent any perfon or perfons whatfo-ever from importing into the kingdom of Great Britain or Ire-land, any of the goods or merchandizes mentioned and expref-fed in the aforefaid claufe, in (hipping built in Great Britain, Ireland, the iflands of Guemfey or Jerfey, or in any the iflands, dominions, and territories to his Majefty, in Africa, Afia, or America, belonging, or in his pofTeflion, fo as the matter and three fourths of the mariners, at leaft, belonging to, and navigating any fuch fhip or veffel, are Britifo, or of the fame country or place of which the faid goods are the growth, production, pr manufactures refpeCtively, and nototherwife. EXP.

II.	Provided always. That all goods and merchandizes imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in fhips belonging to and the property of foreigners, although Britijh built, fhall pay aliens and all other duties, in the fame manner as if fuch (hips were foreign built.

III.	And whereas a certain fhip or vejfel Britifh built ^ and called tr known by the name of The Saint John Baptift, Saint Paul, and Souls, Jofeph Lewis de Cabo, mafer, and navigated with foreign mariners, did, fince the firfl day of February one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, arrive into this kingdom, laden with fome of the goods and merchandizes mentioned and expreffed in the before recited claufe, in the all of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second ; which faid goods and merchandizes belong to, and are the property of William Ord, Merrick Burrell, and John Raymond, <?/* London, merchants: And zuhereas the faid owners of the faid goods and merchandizes are prevented from entering the fame, on account of their being liable to the penalties and forfeitures infilled thereby ; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid William Ord, Merrick Burrell, and John Raymond, the owners of the faid goods imported fince the firft day of February laft, in the (hip Saint John Baptift Saint Paul, and Souls aforefaid, to enter and pay the duties for the faid goods and merchandizes, without incurring any penalties or forfeitures whatfoever, for or by reafon of the faid recited claufe; and that the faid goods and merchandizes fo to be entered, or the faid fhip Saint John Baptift Saint Paul, and Souls, in which they were imported, (hall not be liable to any feizure or forfeiture on account of fuch importations being contrary to the faid before recited claufe.

IV.	And zuhereas by two other claufe s in the aforefaid a Ft pafed in the tivelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, it is (amongf other things) enadled, That no goods or commodities wtoat-fevers of the growth, production or manufacture of Africa, Afia,

cr

Hosted by

Google

2 6y

1744,] Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii II. c.37.

or America, or any part thereof j or which are deferibed or laid down in the ufual ?naps or charts of thofe places, be imported into England,

Ireland or Wales, ifands of Guernfey or Jerfey, or town ofBtx-wick upon Tweed, from any other place or places, country or coun-tries, but only from thofe of the faid growth, production or manufacture, or from thofe ports where the faid goods and commodities can only, or are or ufually have been firfi flipped for tranfportationy and from none other places or countries, under the penalty of the forfeiture jf all fuch the afore faid goods, as fhall be imported from any other place or country, contrary to the true intent and meaning there-of as alfo of the Jhip in ivhich they were imported, with all her gunsy furniture, ammunition, tackle and apparel: And whereas there is a provifo in the faid aCt, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of the people of England, Ireland, Wales, i(lands of Guernfey or Jerfey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in veffels or fnps to them belongings and ivhereof the mafer and three fourths of the mariners at leafs are Englifh, to load and bring in from any of the ports of Spain and Portugal, or weflern ifandss commonly called Azores, or Madeira, or Canary ifandss all forts of goods or commodities of the growths production or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of either of them refpeCiively: And ivhereas difputes have arofe on the conf ruCtion of the faid provifo, whether goods of the growths production or manufacture of the plantations of Spain or Portugal, may be imported for accowit of aliens, from the places, and in the manner exprejfed in the faid provifs and whether fuch goods belonging to alienSs fo importers are not liable to be forfeited, together with the flAp, which tends to the prejudice of the Britifti navigations as likewife detrimental to the publick revenue; be it therefore further enadted and declared by the authority afore- Inwhat man* faid. That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons ner g°ods

•*	j	x	t	nron^rtv or

to import the goods mentioned in the faid provifo, and in fuch Aliens may be (hips fo navigated, as in the faid provifo is expreffed, although imported, fuch goods belong to and are the property of aliens.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadled by the autho- Provifo. rity aforefaid, That this a61 fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend to alter, repeal or make void all or any the claufes, matters or things contained in an a61 of parliament paffedinthe thirteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, for prohibiting commerce ,3 Qeo. 2. with Spain; any thing in this a6t contained to the contrary c. 27. thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXVII.

An a Cl to prevent difputes touching the parifhes or places where improved wafteSs and drained and improved marfh landSs fall be charged to parochial rates.

WHEREAS in divers counties great quantities of wajle and barren landss and lands which were formerly fen or marfh grounds or covered with waters have been of late years improved or draineds and are noiv of very conftderable annual values and the inhabitants therein, and occupiers thereof ought to bear and pay a proper -

Hosted by Google

268	Anno	decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 37.	[1744.’

tionable part of the rates made for the relief of the poor, and to befub-jeft to fuch charges, and in like manner as other inhabitants and occupiers of lands, houfes, tythes impropriate, propriations of tythes, Eliz c 2 coal-mines, and faleable underwoods, are by an a5l made in the forty 4.3 iz. c, 2. third year of the reign of ®)ueen Elizabeth, intituled, An a£l for the relief of the poor, and iikewife to bear and pay a proportionable part of all other parochial rates ; but great difficulties frequently arife in determining to zvhat parifh or place fuch lands belong, or ought to be rated; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and Drained lands forty four, where there fhall be any difpute or uncertainty in

chiafuxes°~ 'vv^iat Par^ or place fuch lands heretofore improved or drained, c 1 axes. or hereafter to be improved or drained lie, and ought to be rated ; and all and every the occupier and occupiers of fuch lands or houfes built thereon, tenements, tythes arifing therefrom, mines therein, and faleable underwoods therein growing or hereafter to grow, fhall be rated and afleffed to the relief of the poor, and to all other parochial rates within fuch parifh and place which lies neareft to fuch lands, in like manner and form, and fubjedf to the fame directions and regulations as all other lands within fuch parifh and place are by law liable to be rated and afleffed thereunto ; and if on application to the officers of fuch parifh or place to have fuch improved or drained lands rated and afleffed as aforefaid, any difpute or difference fhall arife touching what parifh or place fuch lands ought to be rated and Juftices in ge- afleffed in, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of nera] quarter the peace for the county, riding, liberty or divifion where fuch lefEons to hear lands lie, at their next general quarter-feffions to be held for dd*utes6^116 county> riding, liberty or divifion, after fuch application p	made as aforefaid, and after notice given to the officers of the

feveral parilhes and places abutting upon and adjoining to fuch lands, and to all other perfons claiming and interefted therein, to hear and determine the fame on the appeal of any perfon interefted, and at fuch feffions to caufe fuch lands or hereditaments as aforefaid to be allotted to, and fairly and equally afleffed in fuch parifh or place as they fhall fee juft and meet, and fuch determination and allotment fhall at all times thereafter be final and concluflve to and upon the faid feveral parilhes and places, and all other perfons whatsoever, as to the parilh or place in which fuch lands and hereditaments fhall be rated and afleffed to the poor, and all other parochial rates as aforefaid ; and the faid lands and hereditaments fhall, at all times after fuch determination and allotment, be rated and afleffed to the relief of the poor, and to all other parochial rates within fuch parifh and parilhes, place and places only, \Q which they fhall refpeeftively have been fo allotted as aforefaid ; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed and declared

by

Hosted by Google

1744-] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 38.	2

by the authority aforelaid, That nothing in this a61 contained nor any allotment to be made by the juftices of the peace at their general quarter-feftions in purfuance and by virtue thereof, fhall extend to, or be deemed or conftrued to extend to, or in any wife affe6l or determine the boundaries of any parifth orparifhes, place or places, to any intent or purpofe, other than for the purpofe of rating and a lie fling fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments to the relief of the poor, and to all other parochial rates within fuch parifh or place to which they fhall be fo allotted as aforefaid ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it declared, That nothing in this aft fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to invalidate, make void, or in any wife alter a claufe in an aft of parliament made in the fixteenth and feventeenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for draining of the fen called * c afa Deeping Fen, and other fens therein mentioned, whereby it is enacted, That the truftees therein named, their heirs and aftigns, or the furvivor of them, their or any of their tenants, farmers, or ground-holders of any part of the third part of the faid fen, or of the five thoufand acres therein mentioned, fhould not have any time hereafter, ufe or claim, any common of pafture, or other commonage of pafturing in any part of the remainder of the faid fens, nor any of them, nor in the north fen of Pinchbeck and Spalding, nor any part thereof, by virtue or pretence of his or their refidance there ; but all and every the inhabitants oorto that might thereafter be upon any part of the faid third part, or ke maintained upon any part of the faid five thoufand acres, and were not able by thetru-to maintain themfelves, fhould be maintained and kept by the *tees, faid truftees, their heirs and aftigns, and the furvivor of them, and never become chargeable in any kind to all or any the ref-peftive parifhes wherein fuch inhabitant or inhabitants fhould refide or dwell; any ftatute or law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft for remedying fome defefts in the aft made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft for the relief of the poor.

WHEREAS by reafon of fome defefts in an aft of parliament

made in the three and fortieth year of the reign of the late ^ Co u Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft for the relief of the poor, the money raifedfor that purpofe is liable to be mifapplied, and there is often great difficulty and delay in raffing of the fame 5 for remedy whereof may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty that it may be en-afted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June3 one thoufand feven hundred and

Hosted by Google

At what time parifh officers fhali make up their accounts.

270	Anno	decimo feptimo GeoRGH II. c. 38. f1744-

forty four, the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor (hall yearly and every year, within fourteen days after other overfeers fhali be nominated and appointed to fucceed them, deliver in to fuch fncceeding overfeers, a juft, true, and perfect account in writing, fairly entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and figned by the faid churchwardens and overfeers hereby directed to account as aforefaid, under their hands of all fums of money by them received, or rated and affeffed, and not received ; and alfo of all goods, chattels, flock and materials that fhali be in their hands, or in the hands of any* of the poor, in order to be wrought, and of all monies paid by fuch churchwardens and overfeers fo accounting, and of all other things concerning their faid office ; and fhali alfo pay and deliver over all fums of money, goods, chattels, and other things, as fhali be in their hands, unto fuch fucceeding overfeers of the poor ; which faid account fhali be verified by oath, or by the affirmation of perfons called ghiakersy before one or more of his Majefty’s juflices of the peace, which faid oath or affirmation fuch juflice or juflices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifler, and to fign and attefl the caption bf the fame, at the foot of the faid account, without fee or reward ; and the - efaid book or books fhali be carefully preferved by the church-\ wardens and overfeers, or one of them, in fome publick or Books mav be ot^er P^ace *n eV€I7 parifh, townffiip or place ; and they fhali impeded,pay- and are hereby required to permit any perfon there affeffed, or big6d. andco-liable to be affefled, to infpedlthe fame, at all feafonable times, pies taken, paying fix pence for fuch infpedlion, and fhali, upon demand,

^oo^words* f°r	give c°pies of the fame, or any part thereof, to

300 wor s. fuch perfon, paying at the rate of fix pence for every three

hundred words, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number.

Penalty on pa- II- And it is hereby further enabled. That in cafe fuch rim ofiicer’s churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, or any of them, fhali not account- refufe or negledt to make and yield up fuch account, verified as a<^ aforefaid, within the time herein before limited or appointed, or fhali refufe or negledl to pay and deliver over fuch fum or fums of money, goods, chattels and other things in their hands, as by this a<5l is directed ; in either of the faid cafes, it fhali and may be lawful to and for any two or more juflices of the peace, to commit him or them to the common gaol, until he or they fhali have given fuch account, or (hall have paid and yielded up fuch monies, goods, chattels and other things in their hands as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch overfeer (hall die, or remove from the place for which he was appointed, or become infolvent, before the itices to choofe expiration of his office, on oath thereof made, it fhali be law-another. ful for two juflices of the peace to appoint another overfeer in his (lead, who lhall continue in office until new overfeers, are appointed ; and if any overfeer fhali remove as aforefaid, he (hall, before fuch removal, deliver over to fome churchwarden,

or

On an oveir-feer’s dying: &c. two jut-

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 38.	271

or other overfeer of the fame place, his accounts verified as Overfeer re-aforefaid, with all rates, afleflments, books, papers, fums of money, and other things concerning his office, under the like accounts^ penalties as are infli&ed by this a<5t on an overfeer refufing to the church-to do the fame after the expiration of his office ; and if any warden, See. overfeer fhall die as aforefaid, his executors or adminiftrators Iball, within forty days after his deceafe, deliver overall things 0^erfeers to concerning his office to fome churchwarden, or other overfeer account in 40 of the fame place; and fhall pay out of the aflets left by fuch days, overfeer, all lums of money remaining due, which he received by virtue of his faid office, before any of his other debts are paid and fatisfied.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any perfon or per^ons a perfons fhall find him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any graved miy rate or aflefiment made for the relief of the poor, or fhall have appeal to the any material objedion to any perfon or perfons being put on, or quarter-left out of fuch rate or afleflment, or to the fum charged on any {e®ons* perfon or perfons therein, or fhall have any material objedion .

to fuch account as aforefaid, or any part thereof, or fhall find him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any negled, ad, or thing j fo r fa/hl * /-done or omitted by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor or by any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace; it fhall and may m be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons, in any of the cafes aforefaid, / ** giving reafonable notice to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the parifti, townfhip, or place, to appeal to the next general or quarter feffions of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, corporation, or franchize, where fuch parifti, townfhip, or place lies ; and the juftices of the peace there af-fembled, are hereby authorized and required to receive fuch appeal, and to hear and finally determine the fame; but if it fhall appear to the faid juftices, that reafonable notice was not given, then they fhall adjourn the faid appeal to the next quarter-fef-fions, and then and there finally hear and determine the fame ; and the faid juftices may award and order to the party, for whom fuch appeal (hall be determined, reafonable cofts, in the fame manner that they are impovvered to do in cafe of appeals concerning the fettlement of poor perfons, by an a6t made in the eighth and ninth years of King William the Third, intitul- g w. 3. c 30 ed. An aft for/applying fome defeats in the lavas for the relief of the poor of this kingdom.

V.	Provided always, That in all corporations or franchizes, Provifo for who have not four juftices of the peace, it fhall and may be law- corporations* ful for any perfon or perfons, in any of the cafes aforefaid, where &c* an appeal is given by this aeft, to appeal, if he or they fhall think fit, to the next general or quarter-feffions of the peace, for the county, riding, or divifion, wherein fuch corporation or franchize is fituate.

VI.	And whereas it hath been heldy that upon appeals from rates and afjeffments, the juftices of the peace may not only qnajh the old rates, but ?nake new rates and afjeffments^ from which no appeal can he had ; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That upon all

3	appeals

Hosted by Google

2J2

How far ju-ftices (hall give relief on appeals.

Appeal to

quarter-fef-

fions.

Anno declmo feptlmo Georgii II. C. 38.	[1744-

appeals from rates and affeffments, the juftices of the peace (where they (hall fee juft caufe to give relief) (hall and are hereby required to amend the fame, in fuch manner only as (hall be neceftary for giving fuch relief, without altering fuch rates or affeffments, with refpedfc to other perfons mentioned in the fame ; but if upon an appeal from the whole rate, it lhould be found neceffary to quafh or fet afide the fame, then, and in every fuch cafe, thefaid juftices (ball and are hereby required to order and diredt the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor to make a new equal rate or afteftment, and they are hereby required to make the fame accordingly.

Claufe relating VII. And for the more effedlual levying money affefted for di(hcfsrantS °f re^e^	Poor9	be it enadted by the authority aforefaid,

c	That	the	goods	of	any	perfon affefted, and refuftng to pay, may

be levied by warrant of diftrefs, not only in the place for which fuch afteftment was made, but in any other place within the fame county or precinct ; and if fufticient diftrefs cannot be found within the faid county orprecindt, on oath made thereof before fome juftice of any other county or precindf, (which oath (hall be certified under the hand of fuch juftice on the faid warrant) fuch goods may be levied in fuch other county or precindt by virtue of fuch warrant and certificate ; and if any perfon (hall find him or herfelf aggrieved by fuch diftrefs as aforefaid, it fhalland may be lawful for fuch perfon to appeal to the next general or quarter-feftions of the peace for the county or precindt where fuch afteftment was made, and the juftices there are hereby required to hear and finally determine the fame.

VJII. And to prevent all vexatious adtions againft overfeers of vent vexatious the poor, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That where . overfeersSamft any diftrefs (hall be made for any fum or fums of money, juftly due for the relief of the poor, the diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the party or parties making it be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpafters, on account of any defect, or want of form in the warrant for the appointment of fuch overfeers, or in the rate or afteftment, or in the warrant of diftrefs thereupon : nor (hall the party or parties diftraining be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpafters ab initio, on account of any irregularity, which fhall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining, but the party or parties aggrieved by fuch irregularity, (hall or may recover full fatisfadtion for the fpecial damage, he, fhe, or they fhall have fuftained thereby, and no more, in an adtion of tref-pafs, or on the cafe, at the eledtion of the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

IX. Provided always, That where the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover in fuch adtion, he, fhe, or they (hall be paid his, her, or their full cofts of fuit, and have all the like remedies for the fame, as in other cafes of cofts.

Provifo in cafe X. Provided neverthelefs, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall of irregularity recover in any adlion for any fuch irregularity as aforefaid, if tender of amends hath been made by the party or parties diftraining, before fuch adlion brought.

XI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That

Claufe to

pre-

Plaintiffs recovering, to have full cofts.

Hosted by Google

1744-7 Anno declmo feptimo Georgii II. c. 38.	273

That in cafe any perfon on perfons (hall refufe or neglect to pay Succeeding-to fuch overfeers as aforefaid, any fum or Turns of money that °ver^eers to he, fhe* or they Thai! be legally rated or afleffed to* it {hall and [oYeim^urfe may be lawful to and for the fucceeding overfeers, and they are the former, hereby required to levy fuch arrears* and out of the money fo levied to reimburfe their predeceffors all Turns of money which they have expended for the ufe of the poor, and which are allowed to be due to them in their accounts as aforefaid.

XII.	And whereas perfons frequently remove out of parijbes and places, without paying the rates ajfejfed on them, and other perfons do enter and occupy their houfes or tenements part of the year, by reafon whereof great funis are annually loft to fuch parijhes and places-, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That where any ciaufe eon-perfon or perfons fhall come into, or occupy any houfe, land, cerning per-tenement, or hereditament, or other premiffes, out of or from f°ns removing which any other perfon afleffed (hall be removed, or which at °^e°s Ta’ the time of making fuch rate was empty or unoccupied, that

then every perfon fo removing from, and every perfon fo coming into or occupying the fame, fhall be liable to pay to fuch rate in proportion to the time that fuch perfon occupied the fame ref-pectively, in the fame manner, and under the like penalty of diftrefs, as if fuch perfon fo removing had not removed, or fuch perloa fo coming in or occupying, had been originally rated and aflefied in fuch rate ; which faid proportion, in cafe of difpute,

(hall be afcertained by any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Copies of rates That true and juft copies of all rates and affeffments, hereafter F° be entered to be made for the relief of the poor, be fairly wrote and entered111 a book‘ in a book or books, to be provided for that purpofe, by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of every parifh, town-

fhip, or place, who fhall take care that fuch copies be wrote

and entered accordingly, within fourteen days after all appeals

from fuch rates are determined, and fhall atteft the fame by

putting their names thereto ; and all and every fuch book or to be kept for

books fhall be carefully preferved by the churchwardens and publick pecu-

overfeers of the poor for the time being, or one of them, in fomeia *

publick or other place, in every fuch parifh, townfhip, or place,

whereto all perfons aflefied, or liable to be afTefled, may freely

refort, and (hall be delivered over from time to time to the new

and fucceeding churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, as

foon as they enter into their faid offices, to be preferved as a-

forefaid, and fhall be produced by them at the general or quar-

ter-feffions, when any appeal is to be heard or determined.

XIV.	And be it further enabled bv the authority aforefaid, penalty on pa-That if any churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, or other offi-rifh officers cer of any parifh, townfhip. or place, fhall neglect or refufenot obeying to obey and perform the feveral orders and directions of thistlus

act, or any, of them, where no penalty is before provided by this act, or fhall act contrary thereto; every fuch churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, or other officer fo offending irrthe premif-Vol. XVIII.	T	fes.

Hosted by Google

274

Power of overfeers, where there are no chutch wardens.

13 W. 3. c.

y Ann. c. 2

Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii II. c. 39.	[*744.

fes, (hall, for every fuch offence, on oath thereof made, within two calendar months after the offence committed, before any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, forfeit, for the ufe of the poor of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, a fum not exceeding live pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant from fuch juflices ; which fum (hall be paid to fome churchwarden or overfeer of the poor of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, for the purpofe aforefaid.

XV. And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid. That overfeers of the poor, within every townfhip or place where there are no churchwardens, fhall from time to time do, perform, and execute all and every the a6fs, powers, and authorities, concerning the relief of, and other matters and things relating to the poor, as churchwardens and overfeers of the poor may do, perform, and execute by this adl, or any former fta-tute concerning the poor, and fhall lofe, forfeit, and fuffer all fuch pains and penalties for negledl, abufe, or nonperformance thereof, as churchwardens and overfeers of the poor are liable to, by virtue of this or any former ftatute concerning the poor.

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft to make it high treafon to hold correfpondence with the fons of the pretender to his Majefly s crown , and for attainting them of high treafon, in cafe they fhall land or attempt to land in Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belongings and for fufp ending the operation and effeft of a claufe in the aft of the feventh year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the union of the two kingdoms, relating to forfeitures for high treafon, until after the deceafe of the fons of the faid pretender.

WHEREAS by an at1 of parliament made in England, in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majefly King William the Third of glorious memory, intituled, An a61 for the attainder of the pretended prince of Wales of high treafon; the perfon ivho pretended to be prifice of Wales, andfince the deceafe of the late King James, affumed the name and title of James the Third, King of England, Scotland, and Ireland, is, andftands attainted of high treafon : and whereas by the faid in part recited at7, it was enabled. That any fubjefts of the croivnof England, who correfpond ivith the faid pretender, or with any perfon or perfons employed by him, knowing'fuch perfon to be fo employed, or do remit or pay any fum or fums of money for the ufe or fervice of the faid pretender, knowing fuch money to be for fuch ufe or fervice, being lawfully convifted,fhall be taken, deemed, and adjudged to be guilty of high treafon, and fhall fuffer and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon : and whereas by an aft 1. made in the feventh year of the reign of her late Majefly Queen Anne, intituled, An a6t for improving the union of the two kingdoms,

Hosted by Google

275

1744.] Ailno decimo feptimo GeoRGII IL C. 39.

in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nine, fuch crimes and offences which are high treafon or mifeprifion of high trea* fon within England, Jhall he conftrued, adjudged, and taken to be high treafon, and mifprifion of high treafon within Scotland: and whereas the eldefe fon of the faid pretender is lately arrived in the French dominions, and hath been received and encouraged by the French King ; to the end therefore that your Majefty’s faithful people of Great Britain, affembled in parliament, may in the moft folemn manner, exprefs their unfhaken loyalty, duty, and affe&ion to your Majefty’s facred perfon and government ; and at the fame time avow and manifeft to the whole world, That it is the fixed refolution and purpofe of all your Majefty’s fubjedts, to fupport and defend your Majefty, and your undoubted right and title to the crown of this realm, and the proteftant fuccef-fton eftablifhed in your royal houfe, in defiance of the faid pretender, his offspring, and their adherents ; and that they may difappoint, defeat, and extinguifh the injurious, groundlefs, anddeteftable hopes and expedition of your Majefty’s enemies $ may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacfted, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any of the fubje&s of the crown of Hio-h treafon. Great Britain, (hall, from and after the firft day of May, in the to hold cor-year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, refpondence within this realm or without, hold, entertain, or keep any in- p/etender’s telligenceor correfpondence in perfon, or by letters, mefiages, fons> or otherwife, with the eldeft or any other fon or fons of the faid pretender, or with either or any of them, or with any perfon or perfons employed by the faid eldeft or other fon or fons of the faid pretender, or by either or any of them, knowing fuch perfon to be fo employed, or (hall by bill of exchange, or otherwife, remit or pay any futn or fumsof money for the ufe or fervice of the faid eldeft, or other fon or fons of the faid pretender, or of either or any of them, knowing fuch money to be for fuch ufe or fervice, fuch perfon fo offending, being lawfully convicted, fhall be taken, deemed, and adjudged to be guilty of high treafon, and (hall fuffer and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon.

IL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Any of the if the eldeft or any other fon or fons of the faid pretender, fhall, pretender’s after the faid hrft day of May, land, or attempt to land, or (hall [pg^iamFini be found in Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the dominions Great Britain or territories belonging to the crown of Great Britain^ or (hall or Ireland, to be found on board any (hip, veffel, or boat, being fo on board be attainted, with intent to land in Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the dominions or territories aforefaid, he and they refpe&ively, fhall, by virtue of this a£t, ftand, and be adjudged attainted of high treafon, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and (hall fuffer and forfeit as perfons attainted of high treafon by the laws of the land ought to fuffer and forfeit.

Ill, And whereas in and by the faid recited a ft of the feventh year T 2	of

Hosted by (jOO^Ic

2j6	Anno	decimo	feptimo	Georgii	II.	c.40.	[1744.

of the reign of her faid late majejly Shieen Anne, it is provided and enabled, That after the deceafe of the perfon who pretended to be prince of Wales, during the life of the late King James, and fince pretends to be King of Great Britain, and at the end of the term of three years after the immediate fucceffion to the crown, upon the de-mife of her faid late Majejly fhould take effeft, no attainder for trea-fon Jhould extend to the dijheriting of any heir, nor to the prejudice of the right or title of any perfon or perfons, other than the right or title .of the offender or offenders, during his, her, or their natural lives only > and that it Jhould and might be lazvful to every perfon or perfons to whom the right or intereft of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments^ after the death of -any fuch offender or offenders, Jhould or might have appertained, if no fuch attainder had been, to enter into the fame; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid provifion fo made by the faid lad recited claufe,

7 Annas, c. zi. (hall not take place, nor have any operation, force, or effect fe<5t. 10. poit- vvhatfoever, until after' the deceafes, not only of the faid poned.	pretender,	but alfo of his elded, and all and every other fon

and fons.

Offences com- IV* And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, mittedout of That where any of the offences againd this a6t (hall be commit-the land, may ted out of this realm, the fame may be alledged and laid, en-be tried m quired of and tried in any county in that part of Great Britain

nn rr	Ol	■	'	V	A

Great Britain. ca^ec^ England, or in any (hire or dewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XL.

An aS to continue the feveral laws therein mentioned for prevent ing the ft and rapine on the northern borders of England *, for the more effectualpunifhing wicked and evil difpojedperfons going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the perfons and properties of his Majejly s fubjeds, andfor the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to juft ice ; for continuing two claufes to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or fea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds; and for the more effectual punifhment of perfons malicioufly fetting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal \ and of perfons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow deer in for efts or chaces, or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers infor efts, chaces, or parks; and for granting a liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majeftfs fugar colonies in America, from the Jaid colonies dire Illy to foreign parts in fhips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and to explain two alts relating to the profecution of offenders for embeziling naval ft ores, or ft ores of wan and to prevent

Hosted by Google

1744*] Anno decimo feptimo GeoRGII II. C. 40.	277

vent the retailing of wine within either of the univerfties in that part of Great Britain called England without licence.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned, which have9 by experience been found ufefut and beneficial, are near expiring ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, 13 & 14. Car, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and c. temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England, which by feveral afts hath from time to time been continued 3 and which by an aft made in the 6 Geo*c*37‘ fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for making perpetual the feveral afts therein mentioned, for the better regulation of juries, and for impowering the jufiices offejfion or affixes for the counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, and Durham, to appoint a fpecial jury in manner therein mentioned; and for continuing the aft for regulating the manufafture of cloth in the weft rid-ing of the county of York (except a claufe therein contained) and for continuing an aft for the more effeftual punijhing wicked and evil dif- • pofed perjons going armed in dijguifey and for other purpofes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or any fea bank ; and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds \ and for continuing an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders 4/" England ; and for reviving and continuing certain claufes in two other afts made for the Continued to fame purpofe; was further continued until the firft day of Sep- *4june, 1751, tember, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and from ^ thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of Juney which fhall be in Ct the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That some claufes all and every the claufes, powers, and authorities mentioned in in aft 6 Geo. the faid aft made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Ma- c. 37- re-jefty, relating to the faid aft made in the thirteenth and four-	&

teenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or for the to prevent more effeftual preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern theft and ra-borders of England ; and which by the faid aft made in the fixth pine on the year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were to continue in force until the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hun- ja^ ° ng~ dred and forty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame are hereby cont;nUP(j to continued, from the expiration thereof until the twenty fourth 24. June, 1751, day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thou-'	T	3	(and

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 40.	[	1744.

land feven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

9 Geo. i.c.2.2. III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That per" an a6t made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King arm’d°and George the Firft, intituled. An aft for the more ejfeftual punijhing difguifed, See. wicked and evil difpofed perfons going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the perfons and properties of his Majefifs fub-jefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to juftice, which was to continue in force for three years, from the firft day of i*Geo 1 c June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and from I- .1.0.30, thence t0 t^e en(] 0p t^e then next feflion of parliament 3 and which by an a61 made in the twelfth year of the reign of his faid cGeo.2.c 37. late Majefty was continued from the expiration thereof for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament3 and which by a claufe in another a6t made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for making perpetual the feveral afts therein mentioned for the better regulation ofjuries, and for impowering the juflices ofJeffion or affixes for the counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, and Durham, to appoint a jpccial jury in manner therein mentioned 3 and for continuing the aft for regulating the mamifafture of cloth in the ivejl riding of the county of York (except a claufe therein contained) and for continuing an aft for the more effeft a alp it n iff ng zvicked and evil difpefed perfons going armed in dij'gmfe, and for other purpofes therein mentioned 3 and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or any fea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop -binds 3 and for continuing an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England 3 and for reviving and continuing certain claufes in two other afts made for the fame purpofe 3 was further continued until the firft day of Sep-. tember, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament 3 and v/hich by another a<51 made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for continuing an aft for the jo ue°. 2, more ejregiuaiiy punifoing zvicked and evil difpofed perfons going armed in di fguife, and doing injuries and violences to the perfons and properties of his Mnjejlys fubjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to jujlice 3 and for continuing two claufes to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or fea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds, contained in an aft paffed in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty s reign ; and for the more effectual punifoment of perfons removing any materials ufed for fe curing rnarfio or fea walls or banks, and of perfons malicioufly fetting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal 3 and of perfons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow deer in for efts or chares, or beating or wounding keepers or other officers in for efts, chacesor Continued to parks, and for more effectually fecuring the breed oj -wild fowl 3 was June 24,1751. further continued from the expiration thereof until the firft day of September, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and from thence to the end of the then

next

Hosted by Google

1744.] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 40.	279

next feffion of parliament; fhall be, and is hereby further con- Farther contU

tinued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth

day of June, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thou- $7. * **

fand feven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end

of the then next feffion of parliament.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, claufe in 6 That the claufe in the faid a61 made in the faid fixth year of the Geo. 2. c. 37. reign of his prefent Majefty, which enadls, That if any perfon fe<^ 5'hre,af‘ or perfons, during the continuance of the faid adt made in the -JJf ^nks faid ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George ofany river, the Firft, (hall unlawfully and malicioufly break or cut down or fea banks, the bank or banks of any river, or any fea banks, whereby any

lands fhall be overflowed or damaged, every fuch perfon being Continued thereof lawfully convidled, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, wit^ 9 Geo, and fhall fuffer death, without benefit of clergy; and which by 1. c. 22. another a61 made in the faid tenth year of the reign of his pre~ fent Majefty, was further continued during the continuance of continued till the aforementioned adl made in the ninth year of the reign of 24June> 17s1* his faid late Majefty, fhall be, and is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day 0f Farther conti-Juney which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand q{0 % feven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the c. 57. then next feffion of parliament.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Claufe in 6 another claufe in the faid adt, made in the faid fixth year of the Geo. *, c. 37. reign of his prefent Majefty, which enadts, That if any perfon cuttinWiop-or perfons, during the continuance of the faid adt made in the binds,^ ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the

Firft, (hall unlawfully and malicioufly cut any hop-binds, growing on poles in any plantation of hops, every fuch perfon or perfons, being thereof lawfully convidted, fhall be guilty of fe-lony, and fhall fuffer death without benefit of clergy; andteon^’ which by another adt made in the faid tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued during the continu- Continued by ance of the before-mentioned act, intituled, An aft for the more 10 Geo. 2. effectual punijhing wicked and evil difpofed perfons, going armed in c* 32, difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the perfons and properties of his Majefys fubjefts; and for the more fpeedy bringing the offend- Continued till ers to juflice\ fhall be, and is hereby further continued, from 24 June, 1751. the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June* farther conti which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun- nUed by dred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next 57. feffion of parliament.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Claufe in That a claufe in the faid a61 made in the faid tenth year of the 10 Geo- 2e reign of his prefent Majefty, for extending, during the conti- c* *z' nuance of the faid adt made in the ninth year of the reign of his

faid late Majefty, all the provifions in the laft mentioned adt contained (for the more fpeedy and eafy bringing the offenders againft the faid a61 to juftice,and the perfons who (hall conceal, aid, abet, or fuccour fuch offenders; and for making fatisfac-

T 4	tion

Hosted by Google

,2So	Anno	decimo	feptimo GeoRGII II. c. 40.	[1744.

tion and amends to all and every the perfon and perfons, the*ff executors and adminiftrators, for the damages they fhall have fuftained or fufFered by any offender or offenders againft the faid act, and for the encouragement of perfons to apprehend and fe^ cure fuch offender and offenders ; and for the better and more impartial trial of any indi&ment or information which (hall be found, commenced, or profecuted for any of the offences committed againft the faid a£t, together with all reftridfions, limL tations, and mitigations by the faid adl diredted) to all cafes of offences committed by unlawfully and malicioufly breaking down, or cutting down the bank or banks of any river, or any fea bank, whereby any lands fhall be overflowed or damaged; or by unlawfully and malicioufly cutting any hop-binds, growing on poles, in any plantation of hops; or by wilfully and malicioufly fetting on fire, or caufing to be fet on fire, any Continued till mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal; (hall be and is a4. June, 1751. hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

Claufe in	VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

10 Geo. 2. That a claufe in the faid adt made in the faid tenth year of the c. 32. for reign of his prefent Majefty ('for the punifhmentof perfons ma-licioufly fetting on fire, or caufing to be fet on fire any mine, tingTre to~	P1*, or delph of coal, or cannel coal) which Was to continue

coal pits, in force during the continuance of the before-mentioned adt, made in the faid ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty continued till King George the Firft, fhall be, and is hereby further continued, 34 June, 1751. from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

Claufes in	VIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

jp Geo. 29	That all and every the claufes, powers, and provifions in the

c. 32. for pu- faid adt made in the faid tenth year of the reign of his prefent nififing fecond Majefty, relating to the punifhment, trial, and convidtion of {aTfn^tVkiil	Perf°ns as	guilty	a	fecond time of unlawfully

ingogf deer, * courting, hunting, taking in toils, killing, wounding, or tak-&c.	>	ing any red or fallow deer, in any open or uninclofed foreft or

.chace where deer are ufually kept; and for the punifhment of fuch perfons who fhall come into any foreft, chace, or park wherein deer are ufually kept (be the fame inclofed or not in-clofed) with an intent to courfe, hunt, take in toils, kill, wound, ©r take away any red or fallow deer, and fhall there unlawfully beat or wound any keeper or keepers, page or pages of any fuch foreft, chace, or park, where deer are ufually kept, their fer-vants or affiftants, in the execution of his or their office 5 which continued till were to continue in force during the continuance of the before 2,4. June, 1751. mentioned adf, made in the faid ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Firft, fhall be, and are hereby continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth

day

Hosted by Google

1744*1 Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c.40.	281

day of June, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand Seven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,, „

That an a<5t made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent ^ c*\0m re-Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting a liberty to carry fugars of hting to the the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majefy s fugar fugar colonies. colonies in America, from the faid colonies dire ft ly to foreign parts,

in f ip s built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; which was to continue in force for five years, from the twenty continued till ninth day of September, one thoufand Seven hundred and thirty 24 June’17519 nine, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, fhall be, and is hereby continued from the expiration Farther conti-thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, which fhall be in nuedbyi4 the year of our Lord one thoufand Seven hundred and fifty one, ^°* 2* c< 57* and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parlia- * 7‘ ment.

X.	And whereas by an aft made in the ninth and tenth years of the 9 w. 3. c. 41. reign of King William the Third, intituled, An a6t for the better to prevent impreventing the imbezilment of his Majefty’s ftores of war, and beziling preventing cheats, frauds, and abufes in paying Seamens wages ; bufes^n^°a

it is enafted. That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, ing teamens one thoufand fix hundred and ninety eight, it fhall not be lawful to or wages. for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, other than perfons authorized by contracting with his Majejlfs principal officers or commiffioners of the navy, ordnance, or victualling office, for his Majefy's ufe, to mark any fores of war, or navalfores whatfoever, with the marks ufually ufed to, and marked upon his Majeffs faid warlike and naval or ord-nance fores (in the manner as in the faid aft is defcribed) or any other fores, with the broad arrow, by famp, brand, or otherwife, upon pain that every fuch perfon or perfons who fall make fuch goods fa marked, as in the faid aft mentioned, not being a contractor with his Majeffs principal officers, or commiffioners of the navy, ordnance, or victualling for his Majeffs ufe, or employed by fuch contractor for that purpofe as aforefaid, fall for every fuch offence forfeit fuch goods, and the fum of two hundred pounds, together with cofs of fuit, one moiety whereoffall be to his Majefy, and the other moiety to the informer, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, m any of his Majefys Courts of record at Weftminfter, wherein no ejfoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, injunction, or order of re-fraint, nor more than one imparlance fall be allowed: and it is thereby further enafted. That fuch perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody, pof- Penalty on feffion, or keeping fuch goods or fores marked as aforefaid, fall be Perj?n^ jc;orL' found, not being employed as aforefaid', and fuch perfon or perfons cea in§ 1 oreS' who fall conceal fuch goods or /lores marked as aforefaid, being indicted and convicted of fuch concealment, or of the having fuch goods found in the cuftody, poffieffim, or keeping, fall forfeit fuch goods, and the fum of tivo hundred pounds, together with the cofs ofprofecution, one moiety to his Majefy, and the other moiety to the informer, to be recovered as aforefaid; and fall alfo fuffier imprifonment, until payment and performance of the forfeiture, unkfs fuch perfon fall upon

Hosted by Google

2$2

9 Geo. i.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 40.	[1744.

bis trial produce a certificate under the hands, of three or more of his Majejlfs principal officers, or commiffioners of the navy, ordnance, or victualling, expreffiing the numbers, quantities, or weights offuch goods, as he or foe Jhall then be indicted for, and the occafion and reafon of fuch goods coming to his or her hands or poffeffton: and whereas by a-8. noth era Cl made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Firfi, intituled. An ad for continuing fome laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned, for exempting apothecaries from ferving parifh and ward offices, and upon juries, and relating to jurors, and to the payment ofTeamens wages, and the preferva-tion of naval {lores and (lores of war, and concerning the militia and trophy money, and againfl: clandeftine running of uncuftom-ed goods, and for more effedual preventing frauds relating to the cuiloms, and frauds in mixing filk with (luffs to be exported ; the aforefaid act of King William is recited, and a penalty of tivo hundred pounds, with cojls of profecution, and pain of imprifonment, is inflicted upon perfons having in their cujlody, poffieffiton, or keeping, or concealing contrary to the faid aCf, any ivarlike, naval, or ordnance flores therein mentioned, or any other fores marked with the broad arroiv, by (lamp, brand, or otherwife: and whereas it was neceffiary to give po wer to mitigate the faid penalties, and to explain and Qmend the faid aCl, it is thereby enaCled, That if any perfon or perfons fall, after the five and twentieth day of March, one th oufand feven hundred and twenty three, be lawfully convicted of having in his, her, or their cufiody, any timber, thick fluff, or plank fo marked', every fuch perfon fo offending, fall fuffer, forfeit, and pay as for having, keeping, or concealing any other ivarlike, naval, or ordnance fores, contrary to the faid a Cl: and it is thereby provided and enaCled, That it fall be lawful to and for any judge, juflice or juflices, before whom any offender or offenders fall be convicted of any of the crimes or offences before recited, enaCled, or mentioned in the faid aCl, to mitigate the penalty for the fame, as he or they fall fee caufe, and to commit the offender or offenders fo convicted, to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence fall be committed, there to remain voithout bail or mainprize, until payment be made of the penalty and forfeiture impofed by that or the faid former aCl, or mitigated asafore-faid; or to punifh fuch offender or offenders corporally, by cauflng him, her or them to be publickly whipped, or committed to fome publick workhoufe, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of fix months, or a lefs time, as to fuch judge, juflice or juflices in his or their dif-cretion fall feern meet; any thing in the faid recited ad, or in any other aCl to the contrary notwith(landing: and it is thereby further enaCled, That where any difputes fall arife betiveen the perfons upon whofe informations or oaths any perfon or perfons offending in thepre-?niffes, or againfl the faid former ad, floall be profecuted and convicted touching any right or title to any of the forfeitures or penalties before mentioned, or any part thereof, the judge, juflice or juflices, before vahom fuch offender or offenders floall be convicted, /hall examine the matter and finally determine the fame: and whereas Jome doubts have arifen touching the method of trial and punifment of offenders againfl the faid recited actwhether as the faid ads are worded.

Hosted by Google

1744-] Anno decimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 40.	2S3

fuch offender or offenders may be indicted and tried for the crimes and offences in the jaid aCts mentioned, and whether any judge, jujlice or juflices of affize, or jufices of peace at the feffions, may hear, try and determine the fame, and on conviction, fet fuch fine, or mitigate the fame,	the forfeitures and penalties inflicted by the aforefaid aCts,

on fuch offender or offenders, as the nature of the offences may de-ferve; or whether fuch offenders as aforefaid,	for recover-

ing the fiaid forfeitures and penalties inflicted by the faid aCt, can only be proceeded againji by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in fome of his Majejlfs courts of record at Weftminfter; by reafon of which doubts, it has fo happened, that offenders again ft the faid recited aCts, having been indicted for the fame, have efcaped un-punijhed, to the great encouragement of fuch offenders and others, to commit the like crimes and offences for the future ; for the remedying whereof, and for the explaining the ads above mentioned, juft*ices 0f a£. it is hereby declared and enaded, That it fhall and may be law- fiZe, or quar-ful to and for any judge, juftice or juftices at the aflizes, or ter feffions, juftices of the peace at the general quarter-feffions to be holden j£^egryr°^t for any county, city, borough or town corporate, to hear, try i^g^the * ~ and determine, by indidment or otherwife, all or any the crimes ftores, &c* or offences mentioned in the faid recited ads; and that the faid judge, juftice or juftices of aflize, or juftices of peace as aforefaid, before whom fuch offender or offenders fhall be indided, or tried and convided of all or any the crimes or offences in the faid recited ads mentioned, may impofe any fine, not exceeding the fum of two hundred pounds, on fuch offender or offenders; one moiety to be paid to his Majefty, and the other moiety to the informer; and may mitigate the faid penalty and forfeitures, in-flided by the faid recited ads, or either of them, and to commit the offender or offenders fo convided and fined to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence fhall be committed ; there to remain without bail or mainprize, until payment be made of the penalty and forfeitures impofed by this or the faid former ads, or mitigated as aforefaid; or in lieu thereof, to punifh fuch offender or offenders in the premiffes corporally, by caufing him, her or them to be publickly whipped, and committed to fome houfe of corredion, or publick work-houfe, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of three months, or lefs time, as to fuch judge, juftice or juftices of aftize, or juftices of the peace, fhall in his or their diferetion feem meet; any thing in the faid recited ads, or in any other ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	And whereas divers per fens have of late taken cellars, vaults Againft felling or ivarchoufes, within the univerfity of Oxford, and the precinCts wine without thereof, in which they retail great quantities of wine, not having li- licence at ei-cence from the chancellor or vice chancellor of the faid univerfity, ^tk^rof the violation of the rights of the faid univerfity, and in prejudice of hisumvei ltieSe Majejlfs revenues: and whereas the like offences may be committed within the univerfity fl/'Cambridge, and the precinCts thereof, by perfons jelling wine by retail, not being duly licenced by the faid univerfity: and ivhcreas the aCts of parliament relating to wine licences

do

Hosted by Google

284	Anno	decimo	feptimo	Georgii	II.	c.40.	[1744,

do not extend to the faid univerfities ; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, no perfon or performs (hall fell wine by retail, within either of the faid univerfities, or the precindts of either of them, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall be duly licenfed or authorized fo to do, by the chancellor or vice chancellor of the faid univerfity of Oxford, and by the chancellor, mafters and fcholars of the faid univerfity of The Penalty. Cambridge fefpedlively, upon pain of forfeiting for every offence the fum of five pounds; one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors; and the other moiety to the informer ; and that all perfons offending againft this adt, fhall and may be profecuted and proceeded againft for the faid forfeitures, in the courts of the chancellors or vice chancellors of the faid univerfities refpedtively, in a fummary way, by fummon-ing the party accufed to appear in the faid courts refpedtively; and on appearance, or contempt of the party accufed, by notappearing, being duly fummoned, and oath thereof made, fuch courts may examine the matter, and upon confeflion of the party accufed, or on the oath of one credible witnefs, of fuch party’s having offended againft this adt, fuch courts refpedtively fhall and may give fentence againft fuch party, and iffue their warrant or warrants for levying the faid forfeitures, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the party offending, rehdering the overplus, if any, to the party on whom fuch diftrefs fhall be made; and for want of fuch diftrefs, fhall and may commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of one month; and fuch fentence or fentences fhall be, and are hereby declared to be taken and adjudged to be gopd, valid and effectual in the law; and that no writ of Certiorari, or other procefs fhall iffue or be iffu-able to remove any fuch fentence from the faid courts of thejaid chancellors or vice chancellors, refpeCtiyely, or to remove any prder or other proceedings made or taken by the faid courts re-fpeCtively, upon, touching or concerning any fuch fentence, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVefipiinfler, until the party or parties againft whom fuch fentence lhall be given, be^ fore the allowance of fuch writ of Certiorari, or other procefs, fhall find two fufficient fureties, to become bound to the pro-fecutor or profecutors of fuch offenders, in the fum of fifty pounds, with condition to profecute the fame with effeCt, within twelve months, and to pay unto the profecutor or profecutors his or their full cofts and charges of the removal of fuch fentence, and the proceedings thereon, in cafe fuch fentence fhall be affirmed; any law, ftatute, provifion or ufage to the contrary notwithftandipg.

Thisnot XII. Provided always, That this adl, or any thing herein to afTeft the contained, fhall not in any wife be conftrued to prejudice or con-FbeVl1 a86* ^rm an^	Gerties,	privileges,	franchifes,	jtarifdidtions,

4rc.ofOxford, Powers anc* authorities appertaining or belonging to the mayor, ? bailiffs arid commonalty of the city of Oxford, or to any of

therp.

1745*1 Anno decimo o<£tavo Georgii II. c. i, z.

them, but that they, and every of them, and their fucceflors, may have, hold, ufe and enjoy all their liberties, privileges, franchifes, jurifdidions, powers and authorities, in fuch large and ample wife, as though this prefent ad had never been had or made.

CAP. XLI.

An ad for making more effectual feveral ads pafled for repairing the road leading from the ftones end in the parifh of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, to the furthermoft part of the northern road in the parifh of Endfield in the fame county, next to the parifh of Chefhunt in the county of Hertford j • and for amending the road from the watch-houfe in Edmonton, to the market place in End-field.

The former private a£ls continued for 21 years•

CAP. XLII.

An ad for amending and making more effedual an ad made in the lad fefiion of parliament, for continuing an ad made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the roads from Luton in the county of Bedford, to Weftwood Gate in the' faid county j and from Luton to Saint Alban’s in the county of Hertford.

CAP. XLIII.

An ad for repairing the road from the town of Buckingham in the county of Bucks to Warmington in the county of Warwick,

Certain tolls granted for years

Anno decimo oElavo GEORGII II. Regis.

AT the ■parliament begun and holden at WeftminfteF, the firft day of December, Anno Domini one fiand fieven hundred and forty	the	fifteenth year of

the reign of our fovereign lord George Second, by the grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, , defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the twenty feventh day of November, one	thoufand /even hundred	and forty four, being the fourth

fejfion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An ad for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, EXP. At 4s. in the pound.

CAP. II.

An ad for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland j for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five. EXP.

CAP,

Hosted by Google

S&6 W. & M. c. 7.

7 Sc 8 W. 3. c, 31.

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 3,4,5.	[1745.

CAP. III.

An a61 to enable the parilhioners of the parifh of Saint Margaret, within the borough of King’s Lynn, in the county of Norfolk, to raife money, by rates upon themlelves, for finifhing the church of the faid pariih.

CAP. IV.

An aft for repairing the road leading from the town of Kingfton upon Hull* to and through the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk-Tslla, in the county of the faid town of Kingfton upon Hull.

Certain tolls granted, for 21 years.

CAP. V.

An aft for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of fix years \ and for declaring that the duties on fait, which arife and are payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Jhall be fubjeft to the fame charges thereon, as the fame duties were liable to by the aft of the fifth year the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft. EXP.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of their late majefiies King William and tjhieen Mary, of glorious memory, intituled, An aft for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain rccompences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch perfons as fhall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againft France \ it was, amongfl other things enafted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety four, there Jhould be throughout the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto their Majefiies, their heirs and fuccejf 'ors, until the feven-teenth day of May, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thou-fand fix hundred and ninety feven, for fait, the rates and duties following; that is to fay, For every gallon of fait, not being of the produft or manufacture of the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, imported, or to be imported into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of three pence of lawful money of England, over and above the then duties payable on fait imported, and after that rate for a greater or lejfer quantity ; and for every gallon of fait, and rock fait, made at the fait works, or taken out of any pits within the faid kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of one penny halfpenny, and after that rate for a greater or lejfer quantity, with divers provifions and directions in the J'aid aft contained for managing, collecting, paying and applying the faid duties : and whereas by another aft, made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his Jaid late majejly King William the Third, intituled, An aft for continuing to his Majefty certain duties upon fait, glafs wares, ftone, and earthen wares, and for granting fe-

veral

287

1745-]	Anno decimo oflavo Georgii II. c. 5.

veral duties upon tobacco pipes, and other earthen wares, for carrying on the war againft France, and for eftabli filing a national land bank, and for taking off the duties upon tonnage of fhips, and upon coals; the fame rates and duties were continued for ever for the purpofes of the faid aft: and whereas by an aft ofparliament * made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his faid late majefy 9 Sc 10 W. 3. King William the Thirds intituled, An ad for railing a fum not 0*44. exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per atinutn, and for fettling the trade to the Eafl Indies; it was, amongjl other things, enafied^ That there Jhould be raifed, levied', collected and paid unto his Majefy, his heirs and fucceffors for every for fait, the feveral additional rates and duties following; that is to fay, For every gallon of fait, from and after the twenty fourth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety nine, imported from foreign parts, the fum of feven pence, of lawful money of England, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity ; and for every gallon offait, and rock fait, from and''after the twenty fourth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety nine, made at the fait works, or taken out of any pit or pits within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of three pence halfpenny of like money, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity; a?id whereas by the articles of union between the kingdoms ^England and Scotland, all the faid duties on fait werey from the times therein mentioned, to take place in Scotland (except the additional duty on home-made fait) with fome provifions for preventing fait, made in Scotland from being brought into England, ivitbout paying the faid additional duty on fait made in England: and whereas by an all of parliament made in the third year of the Qeo ^ reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An ad for taking off cer- ’ * tain duties upon fait5 and for making good any deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity payable to the Eafi India company on thfc aggregate fund ; and for relief of Matthew Lyon, executor of Matthew Page deceafed, in refped of the duty for fait loft by the overflowing of the river Mercy, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, it is enafied. That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, the duty of one penny halfpenny per gallon on fait and rock fait made in this kingdom, which was granted by the faid all of the fifth and fexth years of the reign of their late majefiies King William and Queen Mary; andalfo all the additional duties on falty whether imported from foreign parts or home-made, which were granted by the faid all of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his faid late majefiy King William the Thirds Jhould ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and then, and from thenceforth all the poivers and authorities given or granted by any all or alls of par-liament for the levying, fecuring, colie cling or recovering the fame \ and all penalties and forfeitures relating thereto; and all provifions„ regulations or refiriHions relating to the importing or bringing of fait

made:

Hosted by Google

288

5 Geo, 2. c.

Annodecimo odtavo Georgii II. €,5. Fi 745.

made in Scotland into England, without paying the /aid additional duty on fait, Jhould ceafe, determine, and not be put in execution; and then and from thenceforth the right or demand of any pe?fon or perfons in pursuance of the faid recited afts, or any of them? on his or their exporting beyond the feas, any fait, for which the faid duties had been before fecured or paid? to have the fecurities for the fame difcharged, or the monies paid for the fame repaid, Jhould ceafe and determine, as to fo much of fuch fecurities 'or payments as were given or made for any of the duties by the faid aft to be determined; and that no drawback on account of fuch duties fo fecured or paid, before the faid twenty fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty (except for the duty of three pence per gallon on foreign fait, impofed by the firfi herein recited add) Jhould be made and allowed on any fait exported beyond the feas after that time, with a provifo in the faid aft contained, that the fame Jhould not extend to determine the faid duty of three pence per gallon on f 'alt, not of the produft or manufacture of the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, fo as aforefaid, granted by the faid aft of the fifth and fiixth years of the reign of their faid late majejlies King William and Jpueen Mary, nor to determine or make void a?iy of the provifions, rules or directions made by the faid afts, or any of them, and then in force for payment of the faid duties by the importers of fuch foreign fait upon the entry there-of? or for preventing the landing thereof before fuch entry made, or the fecuring the fame by bond, with fufficient fureties, or for allowing the difcounts for paying the faid duty in ready money or for allowances for drawbacks oj the duties paid or fecured on the re-exporting the fame to foreign parts, or making good any accidents or lojfes that might happen in fuch fait, after Jhipping the fame for exportatwi to foreign parts, or to be carried coafiwife, or for afcertaining the weight in each bujhel by which the faid duty Jhould be computed, or to detennine or make void any former aft or claufe relating to the Jhips or vejfels laden with foreign fait, found hovering on the coafi, or relating to fuch fait exported to Ireland, and landed there; but the fame, and every of them, Jhould remain and be in as full force and virtue, as they then were, if the faid lafi recited aft had not been made: and whereas by an aft of parlia?ne?it made in the- fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An act for reviving the duties on fait for the term therein mentioned, it was enafted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty two, for and during the fpace of three years, the duty of one penny halfpenny per gallon on all fait and rock fait made at the fait works, or taken out of any pits in this kingdom, and after that rate for a greater or lejjer quantity, Which was granted by the faid aft of the fifth and fexth years of the reign of their late majejlies King William and fifiueen Mary, and fince made perpetual', and alfo all the additional duties on fait (ivhetker imported from foreign parts, or ?nade in any part of Great Britain) which were granted by the faid aft of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his faid late majefiy King William the Third, or made payable by the articles of union between the kingdoms of England and Scof-

Hosted by Google

r745*3 Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. c*5*	289

la nd, Jhould be revived, tf/zi payable and paid in fuch manner, and zvith fuch allowances for prompt payment,, tf/zi for wafle on fait carried coafwife, to Ireland, as if the faid lajl recited act of the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefly had never been made; and that all the powers and authorities given by the faid recited ads, or either of them, or by any other aft or aids of parliament, for levying, colie ding, recovering, fe curing, and paying the faid duties, and aH penalties and forfeitures relating thereto, and all provfions for the diffribution of fuch penalties and forfeitures between his Majefly and the informers, when recovered, and the methods of filing for, recovering, receiving, and mitigating the fame, tf/zi all provifions, regulations, 07* reflridions relating to the importing or bringing of [alt made in Scotland zzz/0 England, without paying the faid additional duty on fait, Jhould be revived, tf/zi z/z full force and virtue-> and that the right or demand of any perfon or per fins, in purfuance of the faid ads, for or in refped of his or their exporting beyond the feas any J'alt for which the faid duties Jhould be paid, or fiecured to be paid, to have the fecurities for the fame difcharged, or the monies paid for the fame repaid, Jhould be alfo revived, and all drawbacks on account of fuch duties, fi fecured or paid, J.hall be made or allowed for or in refped of the exportation of fait to parts beyond the feas (whether the fame Jhould be foreign fait, or made within any part of Great Britain) in the fa?ne manner as fuch drawbacks ought to have been made, if the faid lafl recited ad had not been made: and whereas the rates or duties of one [hilling and eight pence per thou-fand on all red herrings, and of three [hillings and four pence per barrel on all white herrings cured promifiuoufly with red herrings, or white herrings defigned for exportation, but afterwards delivered out for home confiumption, which 'were impofed by two fiveral ads made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Firft; and which, in confequence of the faid recited ad fi the third year of his prefent Majefly, were reduced to the rate of four pence for every thoufand of fuch red herrings, and of eight pence for every barrel of fuch white herrings, were Ukewife revived by the faid late ad of the fifth year of his prefent. Majefly; and ivhereas the allowance of five [Joinings per barrel on the exportation of falted beef and pork exported for fale from any part of Great Britain to any parts beyond the feas, which was given by the eighth article of the treaty of union between the kingdoms of England and Scotland, and by an ad made in the fifth year of the reign of her late majefly Sheen Anne, and which, in confequence of the faid recited ad of the third year of his prefent Majefly, ivas reduced to an allowance of one [hilling and fix pence per barrel, was alfo revived by the faid lafl recited ad of the fifth year of his prefent Majefiy: and ivhereas by an ad of parliament made and paffed in the five nth year Gf his Majefly s reign, 7 Geo, c. 67 intituled, An a61 for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of feven years ; and for licenfing the eredling new refineries- of rock fait in the counties of Effcx and Suffolk, it was evaded. That from and after the determination of the faid term of three years, in the faid lafl recited ad of the fifth year of his Mojeflfs refin mentioned,

Vol. XVIII.	'	U	'	'	'	“	the

Hosted by Google

igo	Anno	decimo	o&avo Gecrgii II. c. 5.	[1745

the feveral and refpeftive rates and duties upon fait, and1 upon red and white herringsy which by the faid aft zvere revived, fhould be further continued for and during the fpace of feven years, and that the fame Jhould be managed, raifed, levied, collected, fecured, paid, in fuch manner and form,	by and under fuch powers,

authorities, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, reflriftions, and regu* lations, for managing, raifirig, levying, collecting, fecuring, and paying the fame, and with fuch alloivances for prompt payment, and for ivafte or fait carried coaftwife, or to Ireland, yir beef, arid pork exported to parts beyond the feas, artd with fuch drawbacks and debentures on account of duties paid, or - fecured to be paid, for fait exported to parts beyond the feas, as were particularly mentioned in the faid lafl recited aft;	laft	recited aft, and every

article, rule, claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, or thereby * referred unto, and then being in force (not otherivife altered by the faid aft) floould be and continue in full force, for and during the faid further term of feven years, as fully and amply, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been particularly recited, expreffed, and enafted in the body of the faid aft; and ivhereas by an aft of 2 Geo. 2. c. 12, Parliament made and paffed in the eighth year of his Mdjeftfs reign, intituled, An a6t for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of four years; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrails of clerks and apprentices, it was enafted. That from and after the determination of the faid term of feven years in the faid lafl recited aft of the feventh year of his Majefys reign mentioned, the feveral and refpeftive rates and duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, which by the faid laft recited aft zvere co?itinued, Jhould be further continued for and during the fpace of four years \ and that the fame Jhould be managed, raifed, levied, colie ft ed, fecured, and paid in fuch manner and form, and by and under fuch powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, reflriftions, and regulations, for managing, raifing, levying, c oil eft ing, fe curing, and paying the fame, and zvith fuch allowances for prompt payment, and for wafle on fait carried coaftwife, or ^Ireland, and for fifh, beef, and pork exported to parts beyond the feas, and with fuch drazvbacks or debentures on account of duties paid, or fecured to be paid for fait exported to parts beyond the Jeas, as zvere particularly ?nentioned in the faid laft recited aft; and that the faid lafl recited aft, and every article, rule, claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, or thereby referred unto, and then being in force, not otherivife altered by the faid aft, Jhould be and continue in full force and ejfeft, for and during the faid further term of four years, as fully and amply, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been particularly recited, expreffed, and enafted in the body of the faid aft; and whereas by one other aft of parliame?it made and paffed in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majeflfs reign, in-J4Geo;j2.c.22, tituled. An a6t for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of feven years; and for allowing rock fait to be ufed in making fait from fea water* at the fait works at Neath, in the county of Glamor-

gan

Hosted by

Googk

1745-] Anno decimo o£tavo GeoRGII II. C.6,7.’

gan, it was enafted, That from and after the determination of the faid term of four years, in the loft recited aft of the eighth year of his Majefys reign mentioned, the feveral and refpeftive rates and duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, which by the faid lafl recited aft were continued, jhould be further continued, for and during the fpace of feven years; and that the fame Jhould be managed, raifed, levied, collected, fecured, and paid, in fuch manner and form, and by and under fuch powers, authorities, penalties, forfeit -tures, provifions, reftriftions, and regulations for managing, raif-ing, levying, collecting, fecurlng, and paying the fame, and ivitb fuch alloivances for prompt payme?it, and for zvafe on fait carried coafwife, or to Ireland, and for fijh, beef, and pork exported to parts beyond the feas, and with fuch drawbacks or debentures on account of duties paid, or fccured to be paid, for fait exported to parts beyond the feas, as were particularly mentioned in the faid before recited afts; and that the faid before recited afts, and every article, ?mle, claufe, matter and thing therein contained, or thereby referred unto, and noiv being in force, and not otherzvife altered by the faid aft, Jhould be and continue in full force and effeft, for and during the faid further term of feven years, as fully and a?nply, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been particularly recited, ex-preffed, and enafted in the body of the faid aft; now we your Ma-jefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, towards railing the neceffary fupplies for defraying the expences of your Majefty’s government, and for carrying on the prelent war with fuccefs, have freely refolved to grant and continue to your Majefty all and e-very the rates and duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, by the faid 1 alb recited a<ft continued; and do molt humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted, &c.

The powers, &c. in the former afts continued for 6 years. Duties on fait, in Scotland fubjeft to the fame charges as by 5 Geo. 1. c. 18. Claufe of loan for i,ooo,oool. at 3I. 10s. per cent. Names of contributors, and fums, to be entered in a book; to be divided into 10 daffies and numbered. Courfe of payment to be determined by lot. Receipts to be changed for exchequer orders. A regilter, and table of orders, to be kept. No undue preference. Counterfeiting of receipts, orders, &c. felony. An account of monies raifed and paid, to be fixed up in the auditor’s office. Deficiencies to be made go.od out of the next aids, or finking fund ; and replaced out of the next fupplies. Surplus to be difpofed of by parliament. Surplus arifing from duties on fait of 14 Geo. 2. c. 22. applicable to orders upon this aft. Revived and made perpetual by 26 Geo. 2. c. 3.

CAP. VI.

An aft for repairing the road leading from a gate commonly called Sacred Gate, on the fouth ealt fide of the town of Hedon, in the eaft riding of the county of York, through the faid town to Hull North Bridge.

Tolls granted for 21 years.

CAP. VII.

An aft for punching mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, EXF,

U 2	CAP,

Hosted by GoOgle

292	Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 8,9. t1745»

CAP. VIII.

An a& for repairing the high road leading from Boroughbridge in the county ot York,through North Allerton in the fame county,to Croftbridge on the river Tees * and from thence through Darlington, in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

‘Tolls granted for zi years. Continued by zz Geo. z, c. 32.

CAP. IX.

An aft for granting to his Majejly feveral duties upon all wines imported into Great Britain ; and for raiftng a certain fum of money by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the faid additional duties.

w1

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

E your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards raifing a fupply to enable your Majefty to carry on the prefent war with vigour, and for anfwering other your Majefty’s weighty and important occafions, and with an humble and thankful acknowledgment of your Majefty’s favourable and tender regard of us your faithful commons, have cheerfully and unanimoufly given and granted unro your Majefty an aid or af-fiftance to be rafted and levied upon all wines and vinegar to be imported into Great Britain, according to fuch rates, and infuch manner and form, as is herein mentioned; and we do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enabled; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, over and above all fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other fub-fidies, additional duties, and impofitions whatfoever, due or payable for all wines and vinegar imported into Great Britain, by any adt or adts of parliament now in force, there (hall be raifed, levied, colledled, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors (before landing thereof) the additional impofitions, rates, or duties following, without any difcount or dedudtion inwards, or drawback on re-exportation afterwards; that is to fay, for every ton of French wine and French vinegar, which fhall be imported into this kingdom, the fum of eight pounds, and fo after that rate for any greater or lefler quantity; and alfo for every ton of all other wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom, the fum of four pounds, and fo after that rate for of other wines any greater or jepfer quantity; the fame to be raifed, levied, col-

An aid grant ed to bis Ma jefty by additional duties,

on every ton ot French wine and vinegar, 81.

and vinegar,

4-1*

ledted, paid, and recovered in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures (except as to difcounts and drawbacks aforefaid) as are mentioned and exprdled in the adt of parliament made and 2	paired

174.5.3	Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 9.	293

pafled in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King ‘James the Second, intituled. An aft for granting his Majefly an to beraifed as impofition upon all wines and vinegar imported between the twenty 1 Jac* 2* fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty fivey and ‘ 3’ the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety three, or in any other ad or ads of parliament, by which the faid importtions, rates, and duties upon all wines and vinegar imported were continued and made perpetual, and all powers, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, articles, and claufes therein contained (not any ways altered by this ad) (ball continue in full force and effed during the continuance of the faid impofi-tions, rates, and duties hereby granted, and (hall be applied, pradifed, and executed for the rairtng, levying, colleding, fe-curing, anfwermg, and paying the faid importtions, rates, and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid claufes, matters and things had been again repeated and re-en-aded in the body of this prefent ad; any law, euftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained Unmerchant-fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to lay any further able wines exduties upon wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and^P^

for which the merchants or importers thereof fhall refufe to pay or fecure the duties, and which by an ad parted in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, in- andtobedif-tituled, An aft for the improvement of his Majefifs revenues of cu- P°fed of- as by fioms, excifey and inland duties, are on fuch refufal direded tobe	*•

received into the cuftody of proper officers of the cuftoms, to be publickly fold, in order to be diftilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar.

III.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That xhefe duties the faid importtions, rates, and duties by this ad granted, fhall, to be managed from time to time, be under the management and diredion of by the com-the refpedive commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and their ™J^oners officers for the time being, and fhall be paid into the hands ofcu oms* the receiver general of the cuftoms in England for the time be- ancJ

ing; and fuch receiver general (hall weekly, to wit, on Wednef weekly into

day in every week, if it be not an holy day; and if it be, then the exche-

on the next day after that is not an holy day, anfwer and pay

all the monies ariftng by the faid additional importtions, rates,

and duties (the neceftary charges of rairtng, colleding, and

anfwering the fame only excepted) into the receipt of his Ma-

jefty’s exchequer, diftind and apart from all other monies which

fuch receiver general fhall receive for the ufe of his Majefty,

his heirs, and fucceflors, for the ufes and purpofes in this ad

mentioned.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That A book to be there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of kept by the

the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all ^^r/uGU the monies hereby appointed to be paid weekly, into the faid wet,kiy plv. receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all ments to be

U 3	Other	entered fepa«

the bank by any perlons,

204	Anno	decimo	oflavo	Georgii 11. c. 9.	[1745*

rate, to be a other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-^•^ofe^oT ce®Drs5 upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money fo this^act.0 ° appointed to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, {hall be the yearly fund for the feveral and refpe&ive pur-pofes herein after mentioned.

Annuities for V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That a principal of all and every the annuities which by this a6t (hall be granted 4a00^le°out ofand ma<^e PaYable> 'm re^Pec^ of the principal fum of two mil-Uiefe dudes.0 bons> to be raifed in fuch manner and form as is herein after directed, until redemption thereof by parliament, as alfo the feveral and refpedlive other annuities by this a6t made payable at the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, during the lives of the feveral contributors to the lottery herein after mentioned, or the lives of their refpedlive nominees, fhall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the faid rates, duties, and impofitions by this a61 granted to his Majefty; and the faid rates, duties, and impofitions (hall be, and are hereby appropriated for thofe purpofes accordingly.

*.500,009!. to VI. And, for or towards raifing the faid fum or fums of mo-be paid into ney, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of two millions, for the purpofes aforefaid, it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay, unto the firft or chief calhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, for the time, at or before the refpedtive days and times by this adt limited in that behalf, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one million five hundred thoufand pounds, in part of the faid whole fum of two millions, for the abfolute purchafe of any certain annuity or annuities, to commence from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and to be paid and payable to fuch contributor or contributors, or fuch as he, fhe, or they fhall nominate his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afiigns refpedlively, in manner herein after mentioned ; fo Caflfier to give as fuch caihier or cafhiers do firft give fecurity, to the good lik-fecurity to the ing of any three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury treaiury. now being, or the high treafurer, or commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for the publick ufe, the monies fo to be advanced and contributed, and to account duly Annuities at for the fame; which annuities before mentioned fhall be com-3I. per cent. puted at the rate of three pounds per annum, for every one hun-per annf dred pounds, and proportionably for any greater or lefs fum fo to be advanced and paid; and the purchafe money for every fuch annuity, at the rate aforefaid, is hereby appointed to be paid unto the faid cafhier or cafhiers, as aforefaid, at or before Tim-s of pay-the refpedtive days or times herein after limited; that is to fay, 5ng rne pur- one fourth part thereof on or before fuch day or time as fhall chafe money. be appointed by the commifiioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now beingj or the high treafurer, or any three

pr

for the pur-chafe of annuities.

Hosted by Google

1745*]	Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 9.	295

or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being; one other fourth part thereof on or before the nineteenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five then next enfuing; one other fourth part thereof on or before the fifteenth day of October then next enfuing; and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the twentieth day of December then next following: all which annuities, fo to be purchafed, fhall be paid and payable at two of the mod ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the feaft of the nativity of faint John the baptift, and the birth of our Lord Chrift, by even and equal portions, or within fix days after every of the faid feaft days ; the firft payment thereof to be computed and paid at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on the whole Annuities to fum to be paid by fuch contributors, for the purchafe of any be computed part of the faid annuities, from the faid twenty fifth day °f ^rom1March March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, unto the 1745‘ feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, or within fix days after the faid feaft day: neverthelefs, the faid annuities fhall be redeemable according to the purport and true redeemable, meaning of a provifo or condition herein after contained in that behalf, and not otherwife; and the faid cafhier or cafhiers of Cafhiertogive the faid governor and company of the bank of England for the a receipt tor time being is and are hereby authorized and required, upon the eachpayment. advancing and paying to him or them any fuch fum or fums of money, as aforefaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing, figned by himfelf or themfelves, for each payment, to the con- Receipts af-tributor or payer thereof (which receipts fhall be afiignabJe by fignable be-endorfement thereupon made, at any time before the twentieth fore Dec* aCb day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, I745‘ and no longer) and from time to time to pay into the receipt Ca^*er t0 a •of his Majefty’s exchequer all the monies which he or they fhall aU monies into receive of or for the faid fum, not exceeding one million five the exchequer hundred thoufand pounds, as faft as he or they fhall receive in 5 days after the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards receipt* at the furtheft, and to account for all the monies fo to be advanced and paid to him or them, in his Majefty’s court of exchequer, according to the due courle thereof.

VII.	And it is hereby enabled, That in the office of the ac- Books to be comptant general of the governor and company of the bank of kept at the England for the time being, there fhall be provided and kept a bank, book or books, in which there fhall be fairly entered the names of all who fhall be contributors for fuch annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum as aforefaid, and of all perfons by whofe hands the faid contributors fhall pay in ariy of the faid fums upon this a6l, and alfo the fum fo paid; to which book or books it fhall be lawful for the faid refpecftive for pUj,iick contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and perufal. affigns, from time to time, and at all leafonable times, to have refort to infpedl the fame, without any fee or charge; and the	.

fqid accomptant general for the time being fhall, on or before books Io°be °

U 4	the

1C)6

tranfmitted into the exchequer.

Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. c.

Contributors ellates fubjeft only to redemption.

rtom taxes.

9- r1745*

the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, tranfmit an attefled duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there tp remain for ever.

VIII.	And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every contributor and contributors upon this a6t, duly paying the whole confideration or purchafe-money at the rate aforefaid, at or before the refpedtive days and times in this adt before limited in that behalf, for fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their refpedfive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this adf, to have, receive, and enjoy, the refpedlive annuity or annuities fo to be purchafed out of the monies by this a.6l appropriated or appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid ; and (hall have good and fure eftates and interefts therein for ever, fubjedl only to the provifo or condition of redemption in this Annuities free afterwards contained concerning the fame ; and that all the feveral and refpedtive annuities, payable in purfuance of this adt, after the rate of three pounds per centum per	and

all and every the principal fums for which the fame are to be payable, (hall be fre.e frora all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

Contributors IX. Amd it is hereby provided and enadled by the authority

to nave credit aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perfons who fhall be-

iov the turns, come interefted in, or intitled to, any annuity or annuities,

part of the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand

pounds, to be fubfcribed for in purfuance of this a61, (ball,

upon compleating the payments of the whole purchafe-money,

payable in rpfpedt thereof, have fuch relpedlive fums as they

(hall become interefted in, or intitled unto, forthwith placed to

to be trans- the credit of the faid contributors, and made transferrable in

terrablein the the books of the bank of England, by this a61 appointed to be bank books. kept for tjiat pUrp0fCt

Forfeiture on X. Provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor as afore-not com pleat- laid, who fhall, on or before fuch day or time, as (hall be ap-ments bv^ie P°*nted by the faid commifiioners pf the treafury, or the faid tune limited, high treafurer for the time being, a$ aforefaid, have advanced to the faid cafhier or cafhiers one fourth part of his, her, of their purchafe-money, and his, her, or their executors, admir niftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, do pot advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, one other fourth part of his, her, or their confideration-money, fo to be paid for fuch refpedtive annuity or annuities as aforefaid, on or before the nineteenth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and forty five then next en-fuing; and one other fourth part therepf, on or before the fifteenth day of October then next enfuing; and the remaining one fourth part thereof on or before the twentieth day of December then next following; then, and in every fuch cafe refpec-riveJy^ fo much of the confideration-money as (hall have been

actually

Hosted by Google

1745 ] Anno decimo c£tavo Georgii II, c. 9.	207

actually paid in part thereof only to the faid cafhier or cafhiers for fuch refpecftive annuity, fhall be forfeited for the benefit of thepublick; any thing in this a6l contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

. XI. And whereas it is intended that the fum of five hundred thou-fand pounds, being the refidue of the faid fum of two millions already charged by this aft upon the faid additional imp oft ions, rates, or duties, appropriated for payment thereof in manner before directed and appointed, fioall be raifed by way of a lottery, for the pur chafe of annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in manner hereinafter mentioned; be it therefore ena&ed by the au- 500,000!. to thority aforefaid. That the annuities becoming due and payable raifed by to the contributors to the lottery herein after mentioned, their fornurchafe executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, at the faid rate of three 0f 3I. per cent* pounds per centum per annum, in refpedl of the faid principal annuities, fum of five hundred thoufand pounds; in manner hereafter in this aexpreffed, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf, fhall be charged upon the faid additional impofitions, rates, or Annuities to duties, from the feaft day of the birth of our Lord Chrift one be charged on thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and fhall from time to the additional time be paid half-yearly at the feafts of the nativity of faint John duties' the Baptif, and the birth of our Lord Chrift, by even and equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be due and payable for the half-year ending at the feaft of the nativity of faint John the Baptif, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Tickets to be That for or towards raifing the faid fum of five hundred thou- iol. each, fand pounds, it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or per-fons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute by paying at or before the refpedtive times by this a6l limited in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fum of ten pounds, or divers entire fums of ten pounds upon this a6t; and that every fuch contributor or adventurer, for every fuch fum of ten pounds, which he, (lie, or they fhall fo advance, fhall be interefted in fuch lot or (hare of and in the joint ftock of annuities, eftablifhed by this acft, as is herein after mentioned and appointed in that behalf; and the fame entire fums of ten pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto fuch receiver or receivers, at fuch time or times, and in fuch proportions at a time, as are herein after mentioned in that behalf; that is to fay, one fourth part thereof, on or before the firft day Times of pay-of May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; one other ^hal^mone” fourth part thereof, on or before the fifth day of July, then next foMotury^ enfuing; one other fourth part thereof, on or before the twen- tickets, ty third day of Augufi, then next enfuing; and the remaining fourth part thereof, on or before the third day of October, then next following.

Managers to be appointed by the commiflioners of the treafury. Com-miflioiiers of the treafury to appoint receivers. Receives fhall deliver

tickets

Hosted by

Google

298	Anno	decimo	o£lavo	Georgii II. c.g'. [1745.'

tickets to the contributors. There (hall be printed 50,000 tickets, 7,150 fhall be fortunate, two of them io,oool. three 5,000k five ..2,0001. fifteen 10001. thirty one 500I. one hundred and fifty one 1001. three hundred and ninety eight 50 1. fix thoufand five hundred and forty five 201. which with 500 k to the firft drawn ticket, and 1,000 1. to the laft drawn ticket, will amount to 242,9001. which added to 257,100 k payable on the remaining 42.850 blank tickets, at 61. each, amount together to 500,000]. to be converted into annuities in refperi: of the lottery tickets. Manner of drawing the lottery. Prizes to be entered in a book. A lift of the prizes to be printed. Difputes to be determined by the managers. Counterfeiting of tickets, certificates, or the numbers of them, felony. Tickets undiipofed of, ihall be delivered back into the exchequer. Managers, &c. to be paid by the treafury. Guardians may adventure infants money in the lottery, fo as fuch infants names be in the receipts and tickets. Tickets to be exchanged for certificates, after the lottery is drawn.

Accomptant XXVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, general of the That the faid accomptant general of the bank of England, for credit^o^the t^le time	t0	w^om	the faid certificates are to be direbled

perfonsnamed as aforefaid, Ihall, upon receiving and taking in the faid certi-in certificates, ficates, or any of them, give credit to the perfons named therein, in the fame book pr books with the contributors for the purchafe of the annuities, not exceeding one million five hundred thoufand pounds, herein before dire&ed to be inferted in a book or books, or in any other book or books, to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe, for the principal fums con-Annuities tained in every fuch certificate 5 and the perfons to whofe credit transfenable, fuch principal fums fhall be entered in the faid book or books, his, her, or their executors and adminiftrators, fhall and may have power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any part, fhare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other books, to be prepared and kept by the faid accomptant general for that purpofe ; and the principal fums fo affigned or transferred, fhall carry the faid annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and fhall be taken and deemed to be flock transferrable by this abt, according to the powers and authority herein after mentioned, until the re^ Certificates to demption thereof as aforefaid ; and the faid accomptant general be cancelled of the bank of England for the time being, is hereby authorized and filed; and and dire6led to cancel and hie the certificates, as they fhall from their^ad11 m t*me to ^me received and taken in by him, and to give the perfons bringing in the fame a note under his hand, teflifying the principal money for which they fhall have credit in the faid book or books, by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, and cancelled as aforefaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

Bank to pay XXIX. And for the more eafy and fure payment of the feve-the annuities, ral and refpective annuities, amounting in the whole to two millions, by this abt authorized to be purchafed as aforefaid; it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuceeffors, fhall from time to time, until the faid feveral and re-fpeblive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, fhall be redeemed according to this abl, appoint and

employ

Hosted by Google

1745*] Anno decimo odtavo Georgli II. c.gl

299

employ,one fufficient perfon, within their office in the city of Londony to be their chief or firft calhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the fame office, to be their ac-comptant general ; and that fo much of the monies, from time to time arifing into the receipt of the exchequer, for the faid additional duties by this a<5t appropriated for this purpofe (after Money to be

paid into the bank by the

fatisfying or referving money fufficient to fatisfy the feveral annuities herein after charged upon the faid additional duties, and exchequer!' made payable at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for and during the life or lives of the feveral contributors to the lottery aforefaid, or the life or lives of their refpedtive nominees in manner herein after mentioned) as fhall be fufficient, from time to time, to anfwer the faid feveral and refpe<flive annuities, and other payments directed to be paid or difcharged out of the fame, fhall, by order of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceftors for the time being, without any further or othet warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpedlive half-yearly feaft days, or days of payment, in this adt before appointed for payment thereof, be iffued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the faid firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceftors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities to be purchafed upon this a<5t, at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form, as are by this adt prefcribed in that behalf j and that all and every Caflljers to fuch calhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid monies fhall from account back time to time be iflued, fhall from time to time, without delay, ap- into the ex-ply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof rlie(luer* according to the due courfe of the exchequer ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And it is hereby alfo enadted, That the faid accomp- Accomptant-tant general for the time being, fhall from time to time infpedt general to in-and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or fp?&the ca* cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to pre- ^iers ac-vent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all and every P perfon and perfons whatfoever, who fhall be intitled to any of

the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities, after the rate of three	a

pounds per centum per annum, and all perfons lawfully claiming eftatej

under them, fhall be pofteffed thereof as of a perfonal eftate,

and the fame fhall not be dependable to the heir, and fhall not and exempt

be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or from f°re]gn

other wife; any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwith- attachment*

{landing.

XXXI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,	,

/-r-M	n	i	•	.	,	,	J	-,1^	,	.	/	2,000,000 U

1 hat all the monies to be advanced or contributed, or to which 0ne capital any perfon or perfons fhall become intitled upon this act, for or flock ; attend-towards the faid fum, not exceeding two millions, fhall be deem- ed with an-ed? reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint-ftock, on which ^^enTper

the

arm.

Hosted by Google

The ftock, &c. tran f-terrable.

Method of transferring,

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c.9.	[1745.'

the Paid feveral and refpective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, fhall be attending; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations'whatfoever, in proportion to the money by him, her, or them advanced, or to which they fhall become intitled as aforefaid upon this adl, (hall have, and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and fhare in the Paid (lock, and in the annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid; and that the faid whole capital or joint-ftock, or any fhare or intereft therein, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, lhall be alhgnable and transferrable as this a£l directs, and not otherwife; and that there fhall con-ant-getenUo ftantly be kept, at all feafonable times, in the office of the faid keep3transfer- accomptant-general for the time being, within the city of Lon-books.	don, a book or books, wherein all affignments or transfers of

the faid whole capital or joint-ftock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid, fhall be entered and regiftered^ which entries (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the parties making fuch affignments or transfers; or if fuch parties be abfent, by his, her or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnef-fes, and that the perfon or perfons to whom fuch transfers (hall be made, do underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of affigning or transferring the faid ftock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good or available in law.

XXXII.	Provided always. That any perfon or perfons pof-^devii'ed^^ of fuch ftock, with the annuity or annuities attending the

’ fame, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles ; but that fuch devifee fhall receive no payment thereupon, till fo much of the faid will as relates to the faid ftock or annuity be entered in the faid office ; and in default of fuch transfer or devife, the faid ftock and annuity attending the fame, fhall go to the executors or adminiftrators ; and that no ftampt duties whatfoever fhall be charged on the faid transfer, or any of them ; any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacled by the Bank to conti- authority aforefaid, that the faid governor and company of the nuea corpo- bank of England, and their fucceffors, notwithftanding the reration till demption of all or any their own funds, in purfuance of the are redeemed.5 a(^s f°r eftabli filing the fame, or any of them, (hall continue a

corporation, with all the powers, privileges, and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purpofes in this a6l exprefied, till all the annuities to be purchafed on this a<5t fhall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf; and that the faid governor and company, or any members thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adt.

XXXIV# Provided always, and be it en^dled by the gutho-

rity

Transfers to be made with out ftamps.

Hosted by Google

x745-1 Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. C. 9.	301

rity aforefaid, That the commiffioners of the treafury, or any Commiflioner three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any tlie ^n^tbe three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time faianes for the being, fhall have power, and they are hereby authorized out of feveralofficers, the faid additional duties by this aft granted and appropriated as aforefaid, to reward the officers and clerks of the faid exchequer, that (hall be any ways employed in the execution of this aft, in relation to the annuities, to be payable at the faid receipt as herein after mentioned, for their labour, pains, and fervice therein refpeftively, and to difcharge all fuch incident charges, as fhall neceffarily attend the execution of this aft, in fuch manner, as to them (hall feemjuft and reafonable; and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances (out of the contributions to the lottery aforefaid) as they (hall think juft and reafonable, for the fervice, pains, and labour of the receiver or receivers of th.e contributions to the faid lottery, for receiving and accompting for the fame; as alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the cafhier or calhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving and accompting for the contributions to the annuities granted by this aft ; and alfo fuch further allowances (out of the faid additional duties by this aft appropriated) as they (hall think juft and reafonable, for receiving, paying, and accompting for the feveral and refpeftive annuities payable Allowances at in refpeft thereof ; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and trouble the difpofal of of the accomptant-general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him by this aft; all which allowances hereby impowered to be made as aforefaid, in refpeft to the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XXXV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted by the au- Prowfo for^re-thority aforefaid, T£at at any time upon one year’s notice to be ^auihfs, ^ ^ printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in Londony by authority of parliament, at any of the half yearly feaft days, for payment of the faid refpeftive annuities or either of them, and upon repayment by parliament, of the refpeftive principal fums, for which the faid refpeftive annuities or either of them, (hall be payable, to fuch refpeftive perfons or corporations, as fhall be entitled to the fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuity ; then, and not till then, the faid refpeftive annuities fhall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed ; and from and after fuch redemption, the monies ariling from the faid additional impofitions, rates, or duties, fhall not be ifiued or applied to any ufe or purpofe, but as (hall be direfted by future aft or afts gf parliament, except fo much monies of the faid additional impofitions, rates, or duties, as (hall be fufficienr, from time to time, to fatlsfy and pay the feveral and refpeftive annuities by this aft herein after made payable at the receipt of

exchequer

Hosted by Google

What (hall be fufficient notice.

Encouragement for contributors of the lottery to iool.

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 9.	[1745^

exchequer, to the feveral contributors to the lottery before-mentioned, or their affigns, during their lives, or the lives of their refpedive nominees, in manner herein after direded; any thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding, and that any vote or refolution of the houfeof commons fignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be inferted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforefaid, (hall be deemed, and adjudged to be fufficient notice, within the words and meaning of this ad.

Sale of chances, &c. in the lottery, prohibited. Office keepers publifhing fchemes relating to tickets not ini their poifeffion, in the lottery, to forfeit 500I. and be imprifoned three months. Exp.

XXXVIII. And for the greater encouragement of perfons to become contributors to the lottery herein before-mentioned; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the perfon and perfons who (hall advance and pay unto fuch receiver or receivers, to be appointed as aforefaid, at or before the refpedive days and times, and in the refpedive proportions herein before direded, the principal fum of one hundred pounds for the purchafe of ten tickets in the faid lottery, (hall, for or in refped of the faid principal fum of one hundred pounds fo to be advanced and paid, be intitled to have and receive, at the receipt of his Majefty^ exchequer, during his or their own life, or the life of fome other perfon to be nominated by him, her, or them, or by his, her, or their affigns, an annuity of four pounds ten (hillings, being computed after the rate of nine (hillings per annum for each ticket, and fo in proportion for any greater number of tickets to be contributed for by any fuch befides 31. per perfon or perfons (over and above the annuity of three pounds cent, per ann. per centum per annum, by this a61 before made payable at the bank of England to fuch contributors) which faid refpedive annuity or annuities, to be paid at the exchequer as aforefaid, (hall commence from the feafi of Saint "John the baptift, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and be paid and payable to fuch contributor or contributors, or his, her, or their affign or affigns, at the times and in the manner herein after mentioned; and the faid receiver or receivers is and are hereby direded and required, as foon as he or they (hall have received from any fuch contributor or contributors, one moiety of the feveral fums by them refpedively in-A cer'ffica*- ten(3ed t0 be advanced, for the purchafe of ten tickets, or more, to be cri v ento *n	l°tterV as aforefaid, forthwith to give fuch contributor

contributors: or contributors, or his, her, or their affigns, a certificate or certificates, figned by him or them (direded to the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer) to be printed or written up-* on cheque paper, and cut out indentwife through fome flouri(h or device, to be contrived by the faid receiver or receivers, containing the names, furnames, places of abode, and other additions, of luch contributor or contributors, or his, her, or their affigns, together with the principal fums by them refpedively advanced for the purchafe of fuch tickets, and the annuity payable

Annuity for life of 4I. ios4

Hosted by Google

T745*] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c,g.

able to them in refped thereof, at the rate aforefaid; (which faid certificate or certificates fhall be affignable, by indorfement thereupon to be made, and witneffed by two perfons, at any time or times before the twentieth day of December, one thou- Affignable be-fand feven hundred and forty five) and in order to prevent the f°re Dec* 20-auditor of the faid receipt from being impofed upon by any counterfeit or forged certificate or certificates, the faid receiver or receivers (hall, and they are hereby directed and required to c	-

tranfmit to the auditor of the receipt in the faid exchequer (as cheques of* ° foon as the faid whole fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, by certificates to this act intended to be raifed by way of lottery, (hall be advanced be returned to and paid to him or them) tire counterpart of the cheques of all the exchequer, the certificates given by him or them to fuch contributors as a-forefaid; upon which faid counterparts of the faid cheques (hall be expreffed the number of each certificate, the contributor's name, and the principal fum contained therein.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a book of the aforefaid, That the laid receiver or receivers (hall alfo, within names of fourteen days after the third day of Oflcber, one thoufand feven Contributors, hundred and forty five, tranlmit to the auditor of the receipt of^the ex ^ the faid exchequer, a book fairly written on paper, figned by him chequer, or them, containing the names of the feveral contributors, towards railing the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds by way of a lottery as aforefaid, the number of tickets fubferibed for by each fuch contributor, the principal fums by them re-fpedlively paid for the purchafe of fuch ticket, and the annuity payable in relpedt thereof at the rate aforefaid; to the end the faid auditor maybe thereby fatisfied, that the faid full and entire fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, to be advanced as aforefaid, hath been paid to fuch receiver or receivers ; which book (hall remain in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer for ever.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Certificates to faid That all and every the contributor or contributors aforefaid, bechangedfor or fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be poffeffed of any fuch orders before certificate or certificates, by this a£t directed to be given by fuch Dec* 17*5# receiver or receivers as aforefaid, (hall, before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five,, deliver, or caufe to be delivered to the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, all and every the faid certificate and certificates aforefaid, to be exchanged for orders, to be made out in the manner hereafter mentioned ; and fhall alfo, at the fame time name to the faid auditor his, her, or their own, or fome other A bfe t0 life, during which he, fhe, or they, or his, her, or theiraffigns,nanie * fhall be intitled to receive a dividend or fhare of the yearly fund, hereafter directed to be fet apart out of the faid additional im-pofitions, rates, or duties, by this a6t granted to his Adajefty as aforefaid, on pain of forfeiting, not only the half-year’s an- Penalty, nuity, which (hall become due and payable to fuch contributors or their affigns, on the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five (in refpedt of the principal

fums

Hosted by Google

3°4

Orders to be made out as foon as may be.

Book to be kept in the office of the auditor, and clerk of the pells :

to be infpeCt ed by contri butors.

Yearly fund of 12,500 1. ior paying annuities.

Times of pay me a t.

Annodecimoo&avoGEORGn II. c. 9."	[l74$.

fums by them feverally advanced as aforefaid) but alfo all fuch fubfequent half-yearly payments, as fhall become payable to fuch contributors, or their afligns, until he, (he, or they (hall have produced to the auditor of the faid receipt their refpe&ive certificates, to be exchanged for orders as aforefaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLI. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, fhall, as foon as conveniently may be, after fuch certificate or certificates (hall be delivered to him as aforefaid, caufe orders to be made out upon vellum or parchment in lieu of fuch certificates ; which faid orders fhall contain the names, furnames, places of abode, and other additions of the refpeCtive contributors, or their afligns, and of their nominees, the principal fums by them advanced, together with the annuity payable in refpeCt thereof during the life of fuch nominee to be appointed as aforefaid, out of the yearly fund herein after directed to be fet apart for that purpofe ; and all fuch orders (hall be figned by the com mi fii oners of thetreafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being j and after figning thereof, the fame fhall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this aCt, and fhall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removals of any commiffioner or commiffioners of the treafury, or high treafurer, nor (hall they or any of them have power to revoke, countermand, or make void fuch orders fo figned as aforefaid.

XLII. And it is hereby enabled, That in the offices of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, and clerk of the pells feverally, there fhall be provided and kept one or more book or books, in which lhall be fairly entered the names of all fuch contributors, and their nominees, during whofe lives refpeCtive-ly, the feveral dividends of the faid yearly fund hereafter directed to be fet apart, fhall be payable at the times when the fame fhall be nominated as aforefaid ; to which books it fhall be lawful for the refpective contributors, their executors, adminiftra-tors, or afligns, from time to time, to have refort, and to infpeCfc the fame without fee or reward.

XLIII. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority a-forefaid, That out of the monies arifing by virtue of this act, there fhall yearly, and every year, be feparated and kept apart, at the faid receipt of exchequer, the fum of twenty two thoufand five hundred pounds ; which faid fum of twenty two thoufand five hundred pounds fhall be, and is hereby declared to be, a yearly fund for anfwering and paying the annuities aforefaid; and fhall yearly, and every year, be equally divided amongft the faid contributors, their executors, adminiflrators, and afligns, during the lives of their refpeCtive nominees, in proportion to the principal fums by them advanced, by two equal half yearly ' payments ; that is to fay, at the feafis of the birth of our Lord Chrifr, and the nativity of Saint John the Baptift , the firft payment thereupon, to be made at the faid feaft of the birth of our

Lord

Hosted by Google

1745-3 Anno decimo o<5tavo GeorGXI II. C.g.	305

Lord Chrift, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and Shares of an-upon the death of every fuch nominee, the (hare of the faid ceafeoVdeath fund, which was payable during his or her life, (hall cfcafe and Gf nominees. determine.

XL1V. And be it further eriadted, That it (hall and may be Orders trans-lawful for any contributor, or his, htr, or their executors, ad- ferrable. miniftrators, or affigns, at any time, during the life of his, her, or their refpedlive nominees, by proper words of alignment to be indorfed on his, her, or their order, to be witneifed by two perfons, to affign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch order or orders, to any other perfon or perfons $ which being notified in the office of the auditor of the faid be fe ^ receipt of exchequer, the officers there (hall caufe an entry or fteJre(i wkbput memorial thereof to be made in the book of regiftry for fuch or- fee. ders, without fee or charge; and after fuch entry made, fuch alignment (hall intitle fuch affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon 5 and fuch affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quoties ; and afterwards it fhall not be in the power affi^Tagain ^ of fuch perfon or perfons, who fhall make fuch affignment, to totier quoties. make Void, releafe, or difcharge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Infants being That in cafe any guardian or truftee, having the difpofal of the Pj:rtcha[jckets money of any infant, fhall, in purfuance of the power herein be- ahd m>n^nees* fore given to him or them in that behalf, have advanced and paid mtitled to the to fuch receiver or receivers as aforefaid, any fum or fums of benefit, money of fuch infant for the purchafe of ten tickets, or more, in the faid lottery, in manner herein directed; and (hall thereupon, within the time herein before appointed for naming of lives, name the faid infant to be a nominee, fuch infant, upon payment of fuch fum or fums of money* (hall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, in fuch manner and proportion, as any other contributor; and the faid guardians and truftees, as to the fum fo advanced by them, are hereby difcharged.

XL VI. And for preventing all frauds in receiving any (hare Abfent no mi-- of the yearly fund hereby appointed to be fet apart as aforefaid; nee? to be be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, affigns, or agents, upon their demanding any half-yearly payment of his, her, or their refpedfive (hares of the faid yearly fund (unlefs the nominee appear in perfon at the faid receipt)

(hall produce a certificate of the life of his, her, or their refpec-tive nominee, figned by the minifter and church-wardens of the parifh where fuch nominee (hall be then living upon the day when the faid half-yearly payment fhall become due (if fuch nominee fhall be then refi ling ih that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales > or town of Berwick upon Tzveed) or otherwife, it fhall and may be lawful to and for every fuch contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or Vol. XVIII.	X	affigns,

Hosted by Google

306	Anno decimo odtavo XjEORGII II. C.9;	[1745;

afligns, at his, her, or their election, to make oath of the truth of his, her, or their refpe&ive nominees life, upon the day when the faid half-yearly payment (hall become due, before one or more juftices of the peace of the refpedtive county, riding, city, town, or place, wherein fuch perfon, at the time pf making fuch oath, '(hall refide; and in like manner, every fuch contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or af-figns, or agents, whole nominee (hall refide in any town or place, being extraparochial, upon the day when any of the faid half-yearly payments (hall become due, (hall make a like oath before any fuch juftice or juftices aforefaid, of the life of fuch nominee on that day (which oath the faid juftice or juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) and fuch juftice or juftices fhall^make a certificate thereof, for which oath and certificate no Penaltv on a ^ee °r rewarc^ fhafi be demanded or paid; and the faid certificates {dbc oatli, or fhall he filed in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of ex-forged certifi- chequer; and if any perfon fhall be guilty of a falfe oath, or cate«	fhall forge any certificate, touching the premifies, and be there-

of 1 awfully convicfted, fuch perfon fliall incur the pains and penalties to be inflidled upon perfons who fhall commit wilful perjury and forgery ; and in cafe any nominee (hall, at the time of fuch demand, be refident in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the kingdom of Ireland, and any one or more of the barons of the exchequer there, for the time being, (hall certify that, upon proof to him or them made (which proof he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to take in a fum-mary way) it doth feem probable to him or them, that the faid nominee is living (which certificate is to be given, and examination made, without fee or charge) the faid certificate being filed as aforefaid, fliall be a fufficient warrant for making the faid half-yearly payments to the refpeclive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns ; and in cafe any fuch nominee Nominees be- fhall, at the time of fuch demand, be refident in any parts beyond Teas how yond the feas, the proprietors of all fuch orders, or their agents, to be certifi- fhall produce certificates of the life of his, her, or their refpec-ed, living. tive nominees, under the hand of the Britijb minifter redding at the place where any fuch nominee (hall be living, upon the day when the faid half-yearly payment fliall become due; and in cafe nQ Briti/b minifter (hall refide at the place where any fuch nominee fhall live, then the faid proprietors of fuch orders, or their agents, fliall produce a certificate of the life of his, her, or their refpecftive nominees, under the hand and feal of the chief magiftrate of any city, town, or place, where any fuch nominee fhall be then living, upon the day when the faid half-yearly payment (hall become due as aforefaid ; and every fuch agent or agents fliall alfo annex to every fuch certificate, an affidavit to be made by him or them, before one or more of the barons of the exchequer, that he or they do believe that fuch certificate is true 3 which certificate being filed as aforefaid, fliall be a fufficient warrant for making the faid half-yearly payment to the refpedive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns ;

Hosted by Google

1745-3 Annodecimo oftavo Georgii II. c.9.	307

. figns; and if any perfon or perfons fhall receive one or more Penalty on half-yearly payments upon his or their annuity or annuities, for any time beyond the death of his, her, or their nominee or no- death of'no-** minees, when the fame ought to ceafe, fuch perfon or perfons minee, fhall forfeit treble the value of the monies fo by him, her, or them received, and alfo the fum of five hundred pounds, the moiety whereof fhall go to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame, by adlion of debt, bill, fuit, or information; in which no effoin, prote&ion,, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed.

XLVII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, on the death That every contributor, his, her, or their executors, admini- of a nominee ftrators, or affigns, within one month next after notice of the the contnbu-death of his, her, or their refpeCtive nominee or nominees, fhall £or cem* certify fuch death to the auditor of the faid receipt of exche-quer for the time being; and fhall alfo within three months after fuch notice, deliver or caufe to be delivered up to the faid auditor, his, her, or their order and orders, by which he, fhe, or they was, and were intitled, during the life of fuch nominee penajty on to any fhare of the faid yearly fund, in cafe fuch order and or- default, ders be in his, her, or their hands or power; and in default thereof, fuch contributor, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by a£fion of debt as aforefaid, and to be had and received for the ufe of any perfon who fhall fue for the fame.

XLVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-Annuities free faid. That all the annuities payable to fuch contributors out of from taxes, the faid yearly fund, fhall be free from all taxes, charges, and importions whatfoever.

XLIX. And whereas it may fo happen, That in procefs of time,, feve- New ofders to ral of the faidftanding orders may he loft, burnt, or dejtroyed, or may be macje out become defaced, obliterated, or incumbered with many affig?ime7its endorf- in lieu of de-ed thereon, and it may be neceffary that new orders fhould be made forth faced. in lieu thereof; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That in all or any of the faid cafes, any three or more of the com-miffioners of the treafury now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall, and they are hereby impowered from time to time (upon certificate under the hand of the lord chief baron, or any other the barons of the coif of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer•, that he or they are fatisfied by proof upon oath before him or them made, that any fuch order or orders have been loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed) to caufe new orders to be made forth at the exchequer, to be figned by him or them, in lieu of fuch orders fo certified to be loft, burnt, or deftroyed; and the refpeblive officers in the faid exchequer, are hereby directed Conditions, to pay the intereft, which (hall from time to time become due upon fuch new orders, as if the original order or orders had been produced; and all fuch payments fhall be allowed in their refpebUve accounts, provided that the perfon or perfons intitled,

X 2	to

Hosted by Google

308	Anno	decimo	o&aVo	Georgii II. c. 9.	[1745.’

to receive the intereft due upon fuch onler or orders, do give fecurity to the King, to the good liking of the perfon appointed to pay the fame, to pay into the exchequer for the ufe of the publick, fo much money as (hall be paid thereupon, if the order or orders fo certified to be loft, burnt or otherwife deftroyed, be hereafter produced ; and the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall and are hereby alfo impowered to caufe new {landing orders to be made forth, for and in lieu of fuch orders as (hall become defaced, obliterated, or otherwife incumbered as aforefaid ; which faid order or orders fhall be at the fame time delivered up* and cancelled, and the new order or orders to be made out in lieu thereof, fhall be made payable, and delivered to the perfon or perfons who (hall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors of the faid order or orders fo to be delivered up, and cancelled at the time of fuch delivery up as aforefaid ; and the auditor of the receipt aforefaid ; Entries to be	alvvaYs take care that fuch entries or memorandums be

made upon made upon the faid new orders, as may denote their being new orders, made in lieu of fuch defaced, obliterated, incumbered or other-wife defedlive orders cancelled, and as may fecure the publick againft any double payments, for or by reafon of the making out, or iffuing fuch new orders in manner aforefaid.

Counterfeit- k. And ^or Preventing all frauds and abufes in or about the ing orders, af- faid (landing orders, or any affignments thereof, or the receiv-figmnents, ing the annuities due or to grow due thereon; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfo-ever fhall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully a61 and affift in the forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates to be given by fuch receiver or receivers, or any order or orders to be made forth in lieu thereof, in purfuance of this prefent a6l, or any af-fignment or affignments of fuch order or orders, or of the annuities payable thereon, or of any receipt or difeharge to the exchequer, for the annuities due or to grow due on any fuch order or orders, or of any letter of attorney, or other authority or inftrument, to transfer, affign, alien or convey any fuch order or orders, or to receive the annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any part thereof, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully a6l or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any the name or names of any of the proprietors of any fuch order or orders, in or to any fuch pretended affignment or affignments, receipt, letter of attorney, inftrument or authority, or fhall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive any fuch annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, by virtue of any fuch forged or counterfeit receipt, letters of attorney, certificate, inftrument or authority, or fhall falfly and deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any of the faid order or orders, and thereby affign or endeavbur to affign any of the faid order or orders, or receive or endeavour to receive the money of fuch Wue afid lawful proprietor, as if fuch offender were the true and

lawful

Hosted by Google

1745*] Anno decimo o<5tavo Georgii II. c. 9.	309

lawful owner thereof; then, and in every fuch cafe, all and e-very perfon and perfons being thereof lawfully convided in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer Felony, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LI. And be it further enaded, That no fee, reward or gra- No for tuity whatfoever, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Ma- paying annui-jefty’s fubjeds, for receiving or paying the faid contribution ties, transfer** monies, or any of them, or for paying the faid feveral annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this ad, upon pain that any officer or perl'on offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward or gratuity, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit; and that all receipts and iffues, and all other things directed by this ad to be performed in the exchequer, (hall be done and performed by the officers there, without demanding or receiving, diredly or indiredly, any fee, reward or gratuity for the fame; and in cafe the offi- p . cers of the exchequer (hall take or demand any fuch fee or re- mifap^ication jtard, or fhall mifapply or divert any of the monies to be paid of monies, &c. into the exchequer upon this ad, or (hall pay or ilTue out of the fame, otherwife than according to the intent of this ad, or (hall not keep fuch books or regifters, or make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this ad they are direded and required to do and perform, every fuch officer fhall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of any office or place of truft whatfoever, and (hall anfwer and pay treble cofts of fuit, to any contributor, or perfon claiming under him, that will fue for the fame, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVefimin-fterr wherein no eftoin, protedion, privilege or wager of law, injundion, or order of reftraint, or more than one imparlance,

(hall be granted or allowed; and in the faid adion the plaintiff, upon recovery, (hall have full cofts of fuit; one third of which fum fhall be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer, for the benefit of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other two thirds (hall be to and for the ufe of the profecutor.

LII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe any Cafes exempt officer of the exchequer fhall make payment of any (bare or from penalty, (hares of the faid yearly fund of twenty two thoufand five hundred pounds by this ad direded to be fet apart for the purpofes a-forefaid, upon any fuch certificate or certificates as aforefaid, fuch officer fhall not incur any penalty, forfeiture or difability, or be liable to any adion of the contributors for doing thereof, though the faid certificate be forged or falfe, or the faid nominee be dead, unlefs the faid officer did know at the time of fuch payment that the faid nominee was dead, or that the faid certificate was forged or falfe.

LIII. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. Deficiencies to That if at any time or times the produce of the faid additional be made up ; impofitions, rates or duties fhall happen to be fo low or deficient, as that the monies arifing therefrom into the exchequer fhall not

X3	be

Hosted by Google

or next fupplies.

or finking fund;

310	Anno decimo oftavo Gegrgii II. c.9.	[1745.

be fufficient to pay and difcharge the feveral and refpective annuities,and other charges directed to be paid thereout,at the end of any or either of the refpective half yearly days of payment at which r 1 the fame are hereby directed to be paid, then, and fo often, and monied US m everY fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies fhall and may be fupplied out of the overplus monies that fhall or may happen to arife and be paid into the exchequer in any of the fubfequent half years, as the faid refpective annuities fhall, from time to time, become due and payable; and in cafe fuch overplus monies fhall not be fufficient to fatisfy the deficiencies hereby intended from time to time to be paid thereout, that then and in every fuch cafe the deficiencies fo from time to time happening, fhall, from time to time, be anfwered and made good by and out of the firfl fupplies which fhall be.granted in parliament next after fuch deficiencies fhall appear; and in cafe no fuch fupplies fhall be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiencies (hall happen, then the fame fhall be made good out of any of the monies which at any time or times fhall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, exceffes or overplus monies commonly called The finking fund (except fuch monies of the fame finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former act or ads of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund fhall and may be from time to time iffued and applied accordingly; and if at any time or times before any monies of the faid additional impofi-tions, rates or duties hereby granted, fhall be btought into the exchequer as aforefaid, there fhall happen to be a want of money for paying the feveral annuities aforefaid, which fhall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the faid half yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the money fo wanted fhall and may be fupplied out of the monies of the faid finking fund (except as before excepted) and be iflued accordingly.

To be replac- LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-ed out of next forefaid. That whatever monies fhall be fo iffued out of the faid fupplies. finking fund, fhall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firfl; fupplies to be then after granted in parliament.

Surplus to be LV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a -difpoled by forefaid, That in cafe there fhall be any furplus or remainder of parliament, the monies arifing by the faid additional impofitions, rates or duties, after the faid feveral and refpective annuities, and all ar- ~ rears thereof are fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder fhall, from time to time, be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and fhall not be iffued but by authority of parliament, and as fhall be directed by future act or acts of parliament; any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

Pe,.fons fued LVI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, may plead the That if any perfon or perfons fhall, at any time or times, be general ilfue. fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done, or executed in purfuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this

Hosted by Google

1745*] Anno decimo odtavo Georgii II. c. 10,-12.	311

a61 contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence3 and if, upon the trial, a verdid fhallfpafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become Treble cofts nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (ball have treble cofts, to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAR X.

An att for the fpeedy and effectual recruiting of his Maje-fifs regiments of foot ferving in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the plantations, and the regiments of marines.	Exp.

WHEREAS for recruiting his Majefty s land forces and marines, it is neceffary that a new fupply of men he forthwith raifed within the kingdom of Great Britain, by common confent and grant in parliament 3 be it therefore enaded, &c.

Commiflioners for the land tax to put this ad in execution: as alfo the com-miffioners of the year 1745. Commiflioners meeting to be appointed at the quarter feffions after Mar. 25, and Sept. 29. Clerks of the peace to give notice of the times and places of meeting, by the conftables, &c. to the commiflioners, and officers. Perfons not exerciling any lawful callings, to be levied, as foldiers, by three commiflioners, &c. Parifh officers, Sec. v to fearch for perfons to be inlifted, within the defeription ©f this ad. Gom-miffioners {hall adjudge what perfons are proper to be inlifted. Rewards for parifh officers, and fubfiftence money for new-raifed men. Inhabitants of pariffies to affift commiflioners and officers. Reward for the parifh where recruits are raifed. Qualifications of any impreffed man to be judged of, in cafe of a difpute, by a field officer. Rewards for lifted foldiers to be charged to their regiments. Articles againft mutiny, See. to be read to new-raifed men. A book of their names, See. to be fent to the war-office. Perfons hindering the execution of this ad, to be fined, or impri-foned. No perfon who has a vote for members of parliament, to be levied as a foldier. Perfons fued may plead the general iffue. Treble cofts. Perfons lifted on this ad, to be difeharged in five years, if demanded. His Majefty may fufpend the execution of this ad. Commiflioners and parifh officers executing this ad, to be exempted from penalties of 25 Car* 2. c. 2. & 1 W. Sc M. ft. 1. c* 8. Sc 13 Sc 14 Wi 3. c. 6. Bailiffs followers not exempt from being lifted. Harveft labourers exempt, from May 15, to Q6t. 15,1745, having a certificate. Continuance of this ad, to 12 April, 1746. Indemnity for miftakes of parifh officers in executing laft year’s ad.

CAP. XI.

An ad for indemnifying perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe. Exp.

CAP. XII,

An ad for continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted byan ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, For repairing the highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts.

77;*? aft 12- Geo, 1. c. 8. continued for 21 years.

X4	CAP.

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo o&avo GeorGH II. c. 13.	[1745,

CAP. XIII.

Jn a% for more effectually clcanfing, deepening, widening and preferring a creek,	Beverley becky running into

the river Hull <3#^ /<pr more effectually repairing the fiaiths near the faid beck, and the roads leading from the faid river to the town of Beverley; and for cleanfing the Jlreets of the faid town; and for regulating the carriages to and from the faid beck, and the river Hull.

WHEREAS by an aft puffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firjl, intituled\ An act for cleanfing, deepening and widening a creek called Beverley beck, running into the river HuJly and for repairing the fiaiths near the faid beck, and for amending the roads leadr ing from the faid river to the town of Beverley, in the eaft riding of the county of Torly and for cleanfing the fireets of the faid town, feveral fmall tolls and duties, in the faid aft particular-ly mentioned, were laid on divers goods, wares, and merchandizes, which, after the firjl day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, Jhould be laded or unladed on or from any Jhipy boat, keely wherry, lighter, hoyy or other veffely at or in any part. of the faid becky or at any of the publick fiaiths or other places a-long the faid becky or river Hull, and made payable to the faid mayory alder ?neny and capital burgs fie s of the faid town of Beverley for the time beingy and their fuccefforSy or to fuch perfon or per fins as they fimildy by writing under their common fealy nominate and appoint to colleft and receive the fame; and that the fame Jbould be applied for,and towards the purpofes in the faid aft mentioned: and whereasy finee the pajfing the faid afty the mayor, aldermen, and capital burgeffes of the faid town of Beverley, have borrowed a con-fiderable fum of money upon the credit of the tolls and duties thereby granted; and although the famCy together with the income arifing from the tolls and duties colieftedy have been applied according to the dir eft ions of the faid afty yet the fame are found infufficient to an-fwer the intention thereof; and the faid beck being now in very great danger of being choaked and warped up by the fudge and foil brought in by the tideSy and by the earth falling in from the banks of the faid becky which in many places on both fides thereof are foot iny and will require to be repaired and fupported by piles, and other expenfve werksy zvitbput which the faid beck cannot be kept openy and fuffici-? ently cleanfed: and forafmuch as the cleanfingy deepeningy wideningy and preferving the faid creek or becky and amen dingy repair ing, and maintaining the faid banksy JlaithSy roadSy and waysy will be a continual expencCy and will require more money than con be raifed by the prefent duties granted by the faid afty which are in many refpefts un-equaly and not duly proportionedy to the refpeftive values of the goods chargeable therewith: wherefore, for the better enabling the mayor, aldermen, and capital burgefles of the faid town of Bcverleyy to cleanfe, deepen,, widen and preferve the faid creek

q?

Hosted by Google

1745*] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. 0,14,15.	313

or beck, and to amend, repair, maintain, and keep up the faid banks, ftaiths, roads, and ways, and to bring the duties granted by the faid aft to a nearer equality and proportion, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enafted, bV,

Additional tolls to be paid after May i, 1745. For every chaldron of coal, 2d. Quarter of oats, barley, malt, iq. Quarter of wheat, rye, mef-fledine, beans, peafe, rapefeed, hempfeed, linfeed, or other feed or grain, iq. Hundred of flour, 3q. Hogfhead of fait, 4d. Tun of fair, in bulk, id. 3 hogfheads of fugar, tobacco, melafles, or of other goods, 8d.	4.

hogfheads of wine or rum, is. 8d. Hoglhead of brandy or fpirits, 4d.

8 barrels of foap, raifins, oil, pitch, tar, or other dry goods, 4d. Butt of currans, 8d.	2	pipes	of	Smyrna	raifins,	Sd.	16	bags	of	nails, 4d. Tun of

iron or lead, 8d. 32 firkins of butter, 4d. 20 hundred of cheefe, jd.

Tun of timber or (tone, 2d. 2 bags of hops, 8d. Quarter of oatmeal, 2q.	*

Hundred of pipe ftaves, id. 2q. Dozen of cynders or charcoal, 2q.	20

fheep skins, iq. Quarter of bark, iq. Pack of wool, or other goods, id.

12 Dozen of bottles, id. 4 bufhels of roots or fruit, 2q. Tun of hemp, line or flax, 7d. Quarter of fern allies, 2d. Small rundlet of liquor, not exceeding 10 gallons, iq. Every fmall cask or parcel, not exceeding m pounds, iq. And for every tun of other goods, is. payable to the mayor, &c. of Beverley, for cleanfing, See. the beck. Duties prior to this and the former aft to be continued. Streets, &c. of Beverley, to be cleanfed by the inhabitants, or, on their negleft, by order of the juftices.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for enlarging the terms and powers granted by feveral afts of parliament for repairing the highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes, and the top of Afhlington Hill and Rowd Ford, in the county of Wilts.

Ails of 5 Ann. and 11 Geo. 1. c. 27. continued for %\ years.

CAP. XV.

fLn aft for making the furgeons of London and the barbers of London two feparate and dijlinft corporations.

WHEREAS in and by certain letters patent, under the great Letters patent jfeal 0/England, bearing date the twenty fourth day tf/’Feb- of 1 Edw. 4. ruary, in the firjl year of the reign of his then Majejly King Ed- granted to ward the Fourth, after reciting. That the freemen of the myjlery of ^ur~ barbers of the city of London, ufing the myftery or faculty of furge- S ry, had for a long time, exercifed and fufained, and fill continued to exercife and fujlain great application and labour, as well about the curing and healing wounds, blows, and other infirmities, as in the letting of blood, and drawing of teeth ; and that by the ignorance Cind unjkilfulnefs of fome of the faid barbers, as well freemen of the faid city, as of others, being foreign furgeons, many misfortunes had happened to divers people, by the unjkilfulnefs of fuch barbers andfurgeons, in healing and curing wounds, blows, hurts, and other infirmities ; and that it zvas to be feared, that the like or worfe evils might thereafter enfue, unlefs a fuitable remedy was fpeedily provided in the premifes; his faid then Majefiy did therefore, at the fupplication of the freemen of the faid myfiery of barbers, in the faid city of London, grant to them, amongfl other things, that the faid myfiery, and all the men of the fame myfiery of the faid city, fhould be one body, and one perpetual community ? and thfat two principals of the fame commonh

Hosted by Google

314*	Anno decimo odavo Georgii II. c. 15.	[1745.

monally, of the moji expert men in the my fiery offurgery, might with the affent of twelve,	eight perfons at the leajf of the fame community , every year, */*#	777^ 0#/ ^ to community two majlers or

governors, being the mofl expert in the myjlery offurgery, overfee, rule, <2772/ govern the myjlery and commonalty aforefaid, <2/7^ to 777077 of the fame myfery, and the affairs of the fame ; tf/zJ to/ the aforefaid majlers or governors,	commonalty, tf/zd their fucceff'ors,	might

7nake Jlatutes and ordinances for the government of the faid myferies;

that the majlers or governors for the time being,	to/V fuc-

ceffors, Jhould have the furvey, fearch, correction, government of all the freemen of the Jaid city, to/7£ furgeons, uftng the myfery of barbers in the fame city,	of other furgeons whatfoever, being fo-

reigner s^ praCtifing and ufng the myfery of furgery, within the fame city,	fuburbs of the fame, 27?i to punijhment of themy as well

freemen as foreigners, jfor their offences in not perfectly executings performings and ufng that myfery ;	Jhould qlfo have the furvey

and fearch of all manner of inf rumentSs plaifers,	other medicines,

and the receipts to be'given, applied, £77<i 72yW by the faid barbers and furgeonss for the curing and healing of fores, wounds, hurts s andfuch like infirmities; and that no barber, «/&?£ the faid myfery of furgery, within the faid city, or fuburbs thereof or other foreign furgeon what-foever's ffould be in any manner thereafter admitted to executes performs and exercifs the fame myfery of furgery , unlefs he had firf been approved of as well inf rufled in that myfery,	to faid maf-

ters or governors, or their fuc ceffors, fufficiently qualified in that behalf ;	to faid Majefiy did further grants that the faid mafiers or

governorSs and commonalty of the faid myfery of barberSs and their fuccefforSs nor any of thenis Jhould in any manner thereafter be fum-■ moned or put upon any affizeSs juries, inquefss inquifitionSs attaintSs or other recognizances, /<? £0 taken within the faid city and fuburbs thereof before the mayors or Jheriffss or coroners of the fame city for the time beings or fummoned by any of his officer or officers, mi-lifer or miniflers, although fuch jurieSs inquiftionSs or recognizances s fioould be fummoned upon a writ or writs of right \ but that the faid mafers or governorSs and commonalty of the aforefaid myf-terys and their fucceffors, and every of thems fioould be thereof acquit teds and wholly difcharged for ever ; and his faid then Majefiy thereby further granted unto the aforefaid mafers and governorSs and commonalty of the faid myfery of barberSs and to their fuccefforSs the following liberty; to zuits That they, 0// all times thereaf-iers jhould and might admit perfons able and fufficiently learned and infiruTied in the faid myjlery of furgery,	/to? approved of	in

forms and prefented to the mayor of the faid city for the time beings and no other perfonSs or in any other manners into the faid myfery of barber furgeons, and liberty of the faid city: and ivhereas by an adl of parliament made and paffed in the thirty fecond year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighths intituleds For barbers amTifnitino-^ and furgeons, after taking notice that it was very expedient and barbers of* needful to provide for men expert in the fcience of phyfick and fur-London and gery f0r the health of man's body, when infirmities and fteknefs Jhould London* °* happen\ for the due exercife and maintenance whereofs good and ne-

Hosted by Google

1745-] Anno decimo odtavo Georgii II. c. 15.

ceffary afts had theretofore been made and provided, and that within the city of London, men of great experience, as ivell in fpeculation as in practice of the fcience and faculty of furgery, were abiding and inhabiting, and had more commonly the daily exercife and experience of the fame fcience of furgery than was had. and ufed within any parts of the realm; and by occafon thereof \ many expert perfons were brought up under them as their fervants, apprentices, and others, who by the exercife and diligent information of their mafiers, might exercife the faid fcience within divers other parts of the realm, to the great relief, comfort, and fuccour of much people, and to the fife-guard of their bodily health, limbs, and lives 3 and reciting. That within the faid city of London there were then two fveral and di-flinft companies of Jurgeons occupying and exercifng the fcience and faculty of furgery, the one company being commonly called The barbers of London, and the other company called The furgeons of London; and that the faid company of barbers were incorporated to fue and be fued by the name of Matters or governors of the myftery or commonalty of the barbers of London, by letters patent under the great feal of King Edward the Fourth, dated the twenty fourth day of February, in the firji year of his reign, and ivhicb were confirmed by feveral fubfequent letters patents in the faid aft mentioned and referred to; and that the other company called. The furgeons, had not any manner of corporation: and that the faid two feveral and difiinft companies of furgeons were necejfary to be united and made one bgdy corporate, to the intent that by their union and often affembly together, the good and due order, exercife, and knowledge * in the faid fcience or faculty of furgery, Jhould be, as well in fpeculation as in praftice, both to themfelves and their fervants and apprentices, and by their learning and diligent and ripe informations, more perfeft, fpeedy, and ejfeftual3 it was therefore enafted. That the faid two feveral and difiinft companies of furgeons, that is to fay, both the barbers and the Jurgeons, and every perfon of them, being a freeman of either of the faid companies, after the cuflorn of the faid city of London,, and their fuccejfors, Jhould from thenceforth be immediately muted and made one entire and ivhole body corporate, and one commonalty perpetual, which at all times thereafter Jhould be called by the name 0/^ Matters or governors of the myftery and commonalty of barbers and furgeons of London, and by the fame name to implead and be impleaded before all maimer of jiff ices in all courts, in all manner of aftions and fats3 and alfo to pur chafe, enjoy, and take to them and their fuccejfors, lands, tenements, rents, and other pojfejfons whatfoever: and it was alfo thereby enafted. That they Jhould have a common feal to ferve for the bufinefs of the faid company and corporation3 and that they Jhould, by the fame name, peaceably, quietly, and indefeazibly, have, pojfefs, and enjoy, to them and their fuccejfors for ever, all fich lands and tenements, and other hereditaments whatfoever, ivhicb the faid company or commonalty of barbers then had and enjoyed, to the ufe of the faid myftery and commonalty of barbers of London, and Jhould alfo peaceably and quietly have and enjoy all and fmgular benefits, grants, liberties, privileges, franchifes, and free cujloms, and alfo all manner of other things at 2	any

Hosted by Google

3*6

Anno decimo o£tavo Georgii II. c. 15.	[*745*

any time given or granted unto the faid companies of barbers or fur-geonty by whatfoever name or names they, or any of them were called, or which they, or any of them, or any of their predecejfors, then or theretofore had by afts of parliament, letters patents, or otherwife by any lawful means at any time before the faid aft, in as large and ample manner and form, as they, or any of them, had, might, or Jhould enjoy the fame, notwithftanding the faid union or conjunction of the faid companies, and as if the fame were and had been fpecially and particularly expreffed and declared, with the bejl and moft clear eft words and terms of law, to all intents and purpofes: and it was thereby'alfo en-acted. That all perfons of the faid company incorporated by the faid aft, and their fuccejfors, that Jhould be lawfully admitted and approved to occupy furgery after the form of the fatute in that cafe made and pro-vided, Jhould be exempt from bearing of armour, or to be put in any watches or inquefis; and that they, and their fuccejfors, Jhould have the fearch, overfight, pnnijhment, and correction, as well of freemen as of foreign, for fuch offences as they, or any of them, Jhould commit againjl the good order of barbery or furgery, as theretofore a-mong the faid company of barbers of London had been ufed and accu-Jlomed, according to the rules and ordinances by them made and approved of, purfuant to the f atute in that behalf ordained and provided: and it was thereby further enacted. That no perfon within the city of London, fuburbs of the fame, and one mile cotnpafs of the faid city, ufing any barbery or Jhaving, Jhould occupy any furgery, letting of Mood, or any other thing belonging to furgery-, except drawing of teeth only; and that whofoever Jhould ufe the myfery or croft of furgery within the circuit aforefaid, Jhould, as long as he Jhould ufe the faid myfery or craft, in no wife occupy or exercife the Letterspatents feat or craft of barbery or Jhaving: and whereas in and by certain let-of 5 Car. 1»	ters patents under the great feal of England, bearing date the fif-

and^enlargine teent^ day of Auguft, in the fifth year of the reign of his late majef-their privi- ° ty &ng Charles the Firfi, reciting the faid aCt of parliament of the {eges, &c. thirty fecond year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth : and that the men of the fame focieties, as well from the time of their faid union and incorporation as before, refpedively had held? ufed, and enjoyed divers liberties, franchifes, immunities, cufioms, and preheminencies, within the city of London, the fuburbs and liberties thereof, and certain villages and places thereunto adjacent, as well on account of the faid aft of parliament, and other afts of parliament, as by virtue and on account of divers charters and letters patents made and granted by the late King James the Firfi, and other Kings and Jpueens J/'Eng-land, his faid majelly King Charles the Firfi did thereby grant, ratify, and confirm unto the faid mafiers and governors of the myfiery and com? monalty aforefaid, and their fuccejfors, all andfingular the manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, cufiom:, liberties, franchifes, immunities, jurif-diftionsjand hereditaments whatfoever, as well within the city of London, the liberties and fuburbs thereof, as withinthe liberties andpre-cinfts therein after mentioned, which the men of the aforefaid focieties of barbers and furgeons, or either of them, then lawfully had, held, ufed, and enjoyed, by reqfon of any Utters patents of any of the former

Hosted by

Google

3

1745-1 Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. C. 15.

Kings and Queens of England, or by colour of any lawful prefcrip-tion, ufe, or cujlom5	by any other laivful means,	rights, or title

theretofore had,	accu/lomed	* W his faid late majejly King

Charles /A i^Vr/? AW thereby give power to the faid company and corporation to make by-laws for the good order and government of the faid fociety, in fuch manner, rtzzi	fuch rejlriftions,	as is therein men-

tioned ; and to make annual eleftions of majlers or governors of the faid commonalty, whereof two to be profejfors in the art atid fcience of furgery ; an d alfo to eleft and conjlitute ten of the freemen of that fociety to be examiners of the furgeons of London, during their lives : and it was thereby further granted, that no p erf on or perfons what-foever, whether a freeman of the faid fociety, or a foreigner, or a native of England, or an alien, Jbould ufe or exercife the faid art or fcience of furgery within the faid cities of London and Weft-mi nfter, or either of them, or within the dijlance of Jeven miles of the faid city a/'London, for his or their private lucre or profit (except fuch phyficians as are therein mentioned) unlefs the faid perfon or perfons were firfi tried and examined in the prefence of two or more of the majlers or governors of the myfiery and commonalty aforefaid for the time being, by four or more of the Jaid examiners fo to be elefted and confiituted as aforefaid, and by the publick letters tefiimonial of the fame majlers or governors under their common feal approved of, and admitted to exercife the faid art or fcience of Jurgery, according to the laws and jlatutes of the kingdom of England, under the penalty in the faid letters patents mentioned ; and that all and every of the Jaid freemen and furgeons fo examined, approved of, and admitted, as aforefaid, might lawfully ufe and exereij'e the fame art and fcience of Jurgery, as well within the cities of London and Weftminfter, the liberties and fuburbs thereof, as in any other cities, toivns, boroughs, and places whatfoever of the kingdom of England : and it was thereby further grattted and provided. That the Jaid majlers and governors of the myftery and commonalty aforefaid, and their fucceffors, might appoint and have a publick lefture for the art and fcience offurgery in their common hall, or other convenient place, every week, or other wife, at the diferetion of the faid jnafiers or governors, and their ajjifiants, or the major part of them for the time being, to be held for the better injlruftion and information in the principles and rudiments of the art and jlience of chirurgery of all and fingular as ivell freemen as foreigners \ whether native fubje ft s of England or aliens, to be entered and admitted as is therein mentioned : and it was thereby alfo confiituted and ordained. That no one, whether a freeman of the myftery or commonalty aforefaid, or a foreigner, ivbether a native of England, or an alien, exercljing the art of furgery within the cities of London and Weftminfter, or the fuburbs or liberties thereof, or ivithinfeven miles of the faid city of London, JhGuld go out from the port of London, or fend out any apprentice, fervant, or other perfon whomfoever, from the fame port, to execute or undertake the place or office of a furgeon for any finp, whether in the fervice of the crown, or of any merchant or others, unlefs they, and their medicines, infiru-ments and chefs refpeftively, were firfi examined, i?ifpefted, and allowed by two fuch majlers or governors of the myfiery and commonalty

afore-

Hosted by Google

3*8

Union of barbers and fur-

feons of Lon-on diffolved after June 24, 1745-

Surgeons of London made a feparate body

and may enjoy rents not exceeding *ool. per annum.

The corporation may choofe officers.

Anno decimo ottavo Georgii II. c.	[1745:

aforefaid for the time beings as were fkilled, knowings and prof effort in the fame art of furgery, under the penalty therein mentioned: and whereas, fince thefaid aft for incorporation of the faid two com-ponies, thofe of the faid company praftifing furgery, have, from their foie and conjlant Jludy of and application to the faid fciencerendered the profeffion and practice thereof of great benefit to this kingdom : and whereas the barbers belonging to the faid corporation are now, and for many years have been engaged and employed in a bufinefs foreign to, and independent of the practice of furgery; and the furgeons belonging to the Janie corporation being now become a numerous and confederate body, and finding their union with the barbers inconvenient in many refpeffs, and in no degree conducive to the progrefs or improvement of the art of furgery \ and that a feparation of the corporation of barbers and furgeons, and making two corporations of the prefent united company of barbers and furgeons, will contribute much to the improvement of furgery, and thereby become a matter of publick utility, are therefore defirous, that the furgeons, being freemen of the J'aid company, may be made a corporation feparate and djf-tinfl from, and independent of the barbers of and belonging to the faid company ; may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enadled ; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid union and incorporation of the barbers and furgeons of London, made and cffedted by the faid recited adl of the thirty feoondyearof King Henry the eighth, fhall, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, be, and the fame is hereby difiolved, vacated, and declared to be void and of no effedt; and that fuch of the members of the faid united company or corporation, who are freemen of the faid company, and admitted and approved furgeons within the rules of thefaid company and corporation, and their fucceflors, fhall from thenceforth be made, and they are hereby made and conftituted a feparate and diftindt body corporate, and commonalty perpetual, which, at all times thereafter, fhall be called by the name of majler, governors and commonalty of the art and fcience of furgeons of London ; and by the fame name, fhall and may implead and be impleaded before all manner of juftices in all courts and in all manner of actions and fuits, and purchafe, enjoy, and take to them, and their fucceffors, any lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly rent or value of two hundred pounds in the whole, without incurring any of the penalties or forfeitures of the ftatutes of mortmain.

II. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid company or corporation herein before eftabliflied and incorporated, from time to time, in the manner herein after mentioned, to eledl, choofe, and appoint one principal mafter or governor, two other governors or wardens, ten examiners of furgeons, and

twenty

Hosted by Google

1745*] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 15.	319

twenty one perfons to be the court of affiftants of the faid company or corporation, to be refpedively qualified and admitted in fuch manner, and to continue in the faid offices refpedively, for fuch time and times refpedively, as by the by-laws, rules, ordinances, and conftitutions of the faid company or corporation, fhaJlbe, from time to time, ordered, directed, provided, and appointed.

III.	And it is hereby further enaded, That it (hall and may two of be lawful to and for the mafter and governors of the faid com- the matter and pany or corporation for the time being, or any two of them, g?vernors, with nine or more of the members of the faid court of affiftants mavhold of the fame company for the time being, when and as often as courts j ^

to two of the faid mafter and governors (hall feem meet, to hold courts and affemblies, in order to treat and confult about and concerning the rule, order, ftate, and government of the faid company or corporation herein before eftablifhed and incorporated as aforefaid j and alfo that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mafter and governors and court of affiftarits fo aws* c‘ aflembled, or the major part of them, to make, ordain, confti-tute, eftablilh, ratify, confirm, annul, revoke, or abrogate, from time to time, fuch by-laws, ordinances, rules, and conftitutions, as to them fhall feem requiffte, profitable, and convenient for the regulation, government, and advantage of the faid company or corporation ; fo as fuch by-laws, ordinances, rules, and con-, ftitutions be examined, approved of, and allowed, as by the laws and ftatutes of this realm is provided and required.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared, By-laws of the That the feveral by-laws, ordinances, rules, and conftitutions, united corn-made and eftablifhed for the regulation and government of the PanY relating faid united company or corporation, fo far as the fame relate to ^ontimaed

or concern the art and fcience of furgery only, and which, on the twenty third day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, fhall be fubfifting, and in force, and fhall not be repealed, annulled, or abrogated by virtue of this prefent ad, fhall continue and be in force ; and fhall be exercifed, obferv- repealed ed, and executed by the faid company of furgeons eftablifhed, ^sv^ue and incorporated by this ad, until fuch time and times refpec-tively as the fame by-laws, ordinances, rules, and conftitutions fhall refpedively be repealed, annulled, and made void, by virtue and under the authority of this prefent ad.

V.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded and declared, That John Ranby efquire, principal ferjeant furgeon to his M^iter ^ Majefty, fhall be, and he is hereby conftituted, and appointed 1 r' principal mafter or governor ; and that mafter Jofeph Sandford Wardens, and William Chefeldm efquire, two of the prefent wardens of the

faid united company, fhall be, and they are hereby conftituted and appointed, the two othe^r governors or wardens of the company of furgeons made, eftablifhed, and incorporated by this ad ; and that they fhall continue in, and hold, enjoy, and ex-ercife the faid offices refpedtively from the faid twenty fourth day of June, until others (hall be eleded and appointed to the faid

office?'

Hosted by Google

320

Examiners,

andcourtof af fiftants.

Matter, &c. to meet on July i, 174.5.

to compleat the court of affiftants to the number of 21.

Annual meeting to choofe officers.

Anno decimo o&avo Georgii IL c.	[*745°

offices refpedlively, as herein after is mentioned: and alfo that Ambrofe Dickins elquire, principal ferjeant furgeon to his Ma-jefty, William Petty efquire, John Shipton efquire, the laid William Chefelden, John Freke, William Pyle, Legard Sparham, James Hickes, and Peter Saintbill, who are the prefent examiners of furgeons, together with the faid John Ranby, fhall be, and they are hereby conftituted and appointed examiners of furgeons for the faid company of furgeons made, eftablifhed, and incorporated by this a<ft ; and that they fhall refpedlively continue in, and hold, enjoy, and exercife the faid office of examiners for and during their natural lives refpedtively, or until they fhall be refpedtive-ly removed out of the faid office, purfuant, and according to the by-laws, rules, and conftitutions of the faid company or corporation of furgeons eftablifhed and incorporated by this acft: and . alfo that the faid John Ranby, Jofeph Sandford, William Chefelden, Ambrofe Dickins, William Petty, and John Shipton, John Hay-ward, the faid John Freke, William Pyle, Legard Sparham, James Hickes, and Peter Saintbill, Noah Roul, John Weft brook, William Singleton, and James Phillips, and fuch five other perfons as fhall hereafter be elected and appointed for that purpofe, in purfu-ance of this a<5l, and as is herein after mentioned, fhall be, and they are hereby conftituted and appointed the court of affiftants of the company of furgeons made, eftablifhed and incorporated by this a6t; and that they fhall continue in, and hold, enjoy, and.exercife the faid office during their natural lives refpedively, or until they fhall refpe&ively be removed out of the faid office, purfuant and according to the by-laws, rules, and conftitutions of the fame company.

VI.	And it is hereby further enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid John Ranby, Jofeph Sandford, William Chefelden, Ambrofe Dickins, William Petty, John Shipton, John Hayward, John Freke, William Pyle, Legard Sparham, James Hickes, Peter Saintbill, Noah Roul, John Wejlbrook, William Sin-* gleton, and James Phillips, to meet at or in fuch place as the faid John Ranby, Jofeph Sandford, and William Chefelden, or any two of them, fhall appoint, on the firft day of July one thou-fand feven hundred and forty five, between the hours of ten and two of the clock of the fame day; and then and there to elecft, choofe, and appoint, out of the freemen of the faid

p company or corporation of furgeons eftablifhed and incorporated by this a<ft, by the majority of votes of fuch of the faid fix-teen perfons herein before appointed to be of the court of affiftants, who fhall be prefent at fuch meeting, fo many other perfons to be of the court of affiftants of the fame company or corporation, as will make the number twenty one, to continue in the faid office for and during their natural lives refpeclively, or until they fhall be refpeeftively removed out of the faid office.

VII.	And it is further enaded, That the mafter, governors, and court of affiftants for the time being, of the faid company of furgeons, made, eftablifhed, and incorporated by this adV, (hall upon the firft Thinfday in the month of July, ill the year one

thoufand

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo o6lavo Georgii II. c# 15.	321

thoufand feven hundred and forty fix ; and on the firft Tburfday in the month of July in every fucceeding year, meet at fuch place as the mafter and governors of the fame company for the time being, or any two of them, fhall appoint; and then and there eledl, choofe, and appoint, out of their body, by the majority of votes of fuch of thefaid mafler, governors, and court of affiftants* who (hall be then prefent, one perfon to be principal mafler or governor, and two other perfons to be governors or wardens of the faid company or corporation of furgeons, eftk-blifhed and incorporated by this a6I, for the then fucceeding year ; and then and there alfo, in like manner, ele<5t, choofe, and appoint, out of their own body, fuch other perfon or per-fons, to be examiner or examiners of furgeons, for the fame company, in the place or ftead of fuch examiner, or examiners, as fhall have happened to die, or have been removed from the faid office of examiner, in the then next preceding year; and alfo in like manner, eledt, choofe, and appoint, out of the freemen of the faid company or corporation of furgeons efta-blifhed and incorporated by this adl, fuch perfon or perfons to be of the court of affiftants of the fame companyor corporation, in the place and dead of fuch perfon or perfons who (hall have happened to die in, or have been removed from, the faid office of court of affiftants, in the then next preceding year.

VIII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed. That the faid compa- Company of

ny of furgeons made, eftablifhed, and incorporated by this a6i, furgeons to and their fucceffors, and all perfons who fhall be freemen of the enjoy thefame fame company or corporation, fhall and may, from time to time,	*^form

and at all times for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all a&s or tetters and every fuch and the fame liberties, privileges, franchiles, patent, powers, and authorities, as the members of the faid united company or corporation, being freemen of the faid company, and

admitted and approved furgeons, within the rules of the faid company and corporation, could or might refpedtively have had, held, and enjoyed, by virtue of the faid recited a61 of union or incorporation, and the faid letters patent of his faid late majefty King Charles the Firft refpedtively, and other the royal grants, charters, and patents, therein mentioned and referred to, to far as the fame relate to the art or fcience of furgery only, and not otherwife; and that in as full, ample, and beneficial manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had in and by this prefent a<5t, been exprefiy repeated and re-enaefted; and that they, and all fuch who already have been, or hereafter fhall be, examined and approved, purfuant to the rules of the faid company, (hall be entitled to pradtife freely, and without re-ftraint, the art and fcience of furgery, throughout all and every his Majefty’s dominions; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And it is hereby further enadied, That from and after Candidates to the/aid firft day of Juh, one thoufand leven hundred and forty ferve as fur-five, the examiners of the company of furgeons eftablifhed by geons or mates

this aeft fhall, and they are hereby required, from time to time, regiments,

\t	3	V-	arc. to be ex-

Vol. XV Hi,	*	uPon	amined.

Hosted by Google

322

Surgeons exempted from parity, ward, and leet of-^ces, and Juries.

Anno decimo odtavo GeoRGH II. C.ij. [1745;

upon requeft to them made, to examine every perfon who (hall be a candidate to be appointed to ferve as a furgeon, a furgeon’s mate, of any regiment, troop, company, hofpital, or garrifon of foldiers in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs, or iucceflors, in like manner as they do or fhall examine any furgeon or fur-geons to be appointed to ferve on board any fhip or veffel in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors.

X. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That all and every perfon and perfons, being freemen of the faid company and corporation of furgeons eftabliftied and incorporated by this a£l, and who already have been, or hereafter (hall be, examined and approved purfuant to the rules and orders of the faid company, and every of them, for fo long time as he and they (hall ufe and exercife the faid art or fcience of furgery, and no longer, fhall and may, at all times hereafter, be freed and exempted from the feveral offices of conftable, fca-venger, overfeer of the poor, and all other parifh, ward, and leet offices, and of and from the being put into or ferving upon any jury or inqueft: and if at any time hereafter, any fuch perfon or perfons, ufing and pracftifing the faid art or fcience of furgery, and being qualified as aforefaid, fhall be chofen and eledled into any of the faid offices, or returned, required, or appointed to ferve on any jury, leet, of inquefi, or bedifquieted or difiurbed by reafon thereof; that then fuch perfon or perfons, producing a teftimonial, under the common feal of the faid corporation, of fuch his examination, approbation, and freedom, to the perfon or perfons by whom he (hall be fo elected or appointed, or by or before whom he fhall be fummoned, returned, or required to ferve or hold any of the faid offices or duties, fhall be abfolutely difcharged from the fame ; and fuch nomination, eledlion, return, and appointment, fhall be utterly void, and of noeffecft; any order, cuftom, law, or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XI.	Provided always, and be it hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this acfi, or any thing therein contained, fhall not extend, or be confirued or taken to prejudice, abridge, or infringe any of the privileges, authorities, powers, rights, liberties, or franchifes heretofore granted by any ad or ads of parliament, or by any letters patents, charters or charter of any of his Majefty’s royal predeceffors, Kings or Queens of England * to the prefident and college, or commonalty, of the faculty of phyfick in London.

XII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch of the members of the laid united company or

company, not corporation, who are freemen of the faid company, and are not admitted or approved furgeons, and their fucceffors, fhall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June^ one thoufand (even hundred and forty five, be, and they are hereby made and con* fiituted, a body corporate, and commonalty perpetual, which, under a diffe- at all times hereafter fhall be called by the name of The majhr governor.■;, and commonalty of the myjlery of barbers 0/Xondon; an d,

by

Tins a ft not to prejudice the prelident. college, Sec. of phylicians, London,

Freemen of the united

geons, incorporated.

rent name,

Hosted by Google

1745*1 Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II* c. 15*	323

by the fame name (hall plead and be impleaded before all manner of juftices, in all courts, and in all manner of adtions and fuits; and alfo purchafe, enjoy, and take to them, and their may enjoy a fucceffors, any lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, not rent not ex -exceeding the yearly rent or value of two hundred -pounds in	200

the whole, without incurring any of the penalties or forfeitures^ of the ftatutes of mortmain.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- Names of the faid, That mailer Jonathan Medley, the prefent firlt mailer or go- mafter, See. vernor of the faid united company or corporation, and mailer of the Humphrey Negus, the prefent third malter«or governor of the faid bers^of Lon-united company, and fuch two other perfons as lhall hereafter don,

be eledted and appointed for that purpofe, in purfuance of this adt, and as is herein after mentioned, lhall be, and they are hereby refpedtively elbablifhed and confirmed the mafter and governors of the company or corporation of barbers of London, eitablifhed and incorporated by this adt; and lhall continue in, and hold, exercife, and enjoy the faid offices refpedtively, until others lhall be chofen, eledted, and appointed in and to the fame offices refpedtively, purfuant and according to the by-laws, rules, orders, and conftitutions of the fame company ; and alfo,-that the faid Jonathan Medley, Humphrey Negus, and William Parker, Luke Maurice, John Barnwell, John Truelove, William Hadden, John Negus, Edward Boxley, Samuel Rutter, Robert Scrooby, Richard S within, Edward Colebeck, Togarmah Jones, and John Guerney, being fifteen of the prefent court of affiltants. of the faid united company, and fuch nine other perfons as lhall hereafter be eledted and appointed for that purpofe, in purfuance of this adt, and as is herein after mentioned, fhall be, and they are hereby conllituted and appointed the court of affiltants of the company of barbers, made, eitablifhed, and incorporated by this adt; and fhall continue in, and hold, enjoy, and exercife the faid office during their natural lives refpedtively, or until they fhall be refpedtively removed out of the faid office, purfuant and according to the faid by-laws, rules, ordinances, and conllitutions of the faid company of barbers of London.

XIV.	And it is hereby further ena<5ted, That it lhall and Time and may be lawful to and for the fold Jonathan Medley, Humphrey p lace of meet* Negus, William Parker, Luke Maurice, John Barnwell, John*ngo Truelove, William Haddon, John Negus, Edward Boxley, •Samuel

Rutter, Robert Scrooby, Richard Swithin, Edward Colebeck, Togar-mah Jones, and John Guerney, or the major part of them, to meet at or in the hall new belonging to the faid united company, -Tituate in MonkwelLjlreet in the city of London, on the twenty fifth day of June, ojflfc thou fan d feven hundred and forty five, between the hours of nine in the morning and one in the afternoon of the fame day, and then and there to eledt, choofe, and appoint out of the freedom of the faid company or corporation of the barbers of London, eftablilhed and incorporated by this adt, by the majority of the votes of fugh of the faidtomakeUp fifteen perfons laft mentioned, who lhall be prefent at fuch the court of

Y 2	meeting,	afliftanrs	of

Hosted by Google

and to eleft the third and fourth governors.

Any two of

and make or repeal bylaws, &c.

324	Anno	decimo	o&avo	GeoRgxi	II.	c.	15.	[1745;

the barbers meeting, fo many other perfons to be of the faid court of affift-

mimbT/i ants	comPanY	or corporation of the barbers of Lon-

mim er 24 j	as wjji make the number twenty four, to continue in the

faid office refpedtively for and during their natural lives, or until they (hall be refpedtively removed out of the faid office; and alfo that immediately after fuch court of affiftants (hall be made up the faid number of twenty four perfons, the faid court of affiftants (hall then and there, by the majority of votes of fuch of the faid court of affiftants, as fliall be then prefent, eledt, choofe, and appoint, from among themfelves, two perfons, to be the third and fourth governors of the faid company or corporation of the barbers of London, to continue in, hold, exercife, and enjoy, the faid offices refpedtively as aforefaid.

XV. And it is hereby further enadted, That it (hall and the matter and may be lawful for the mafter and governors for the time being governors, Gf the faid company or corporation of barbers, or any two or ants mav hold more °f them, with eleven or more of the members of the faid courts j	court	of affiftants for the time being, when and as often as to

two or more of the faid mafter and governors (hall feem meet, to hold courts or aftemblies at or in the hall of the faid company for the time being, in order to treat and confult about the rule, (late, order, and government of the faid company or corporation of barbers ; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mafter and governors, and court of affiftants, fo affembled, or the major part of them, to make, conftitute, ordain, eftablifh, ratify, and confirm all or any fuch by-laws, ordinances, rules, and conftitutions, as to them fhall feem requi-fite, proper, or convenient for the regulation, government, profit, or advantage of the faid company or corporation of the barbers of London, and the members thereof, and the fame, from time to time, to alter or repeal; fo as the by-laws, ordinances, rules, and conftitutions fo to be made and eftablifhed, fhall be Examined, approved, and allowed of, as by the laws and fta-tutes of this realm is provided and required.

XVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted and declared. That the feveral by-laws, ordinances, rules, and conftitutions, made and eftablifhed for the regulation and government of the faid united company or corporation, fo far as the fame do not relate to or concern the art or fcience of furgery, and which, on the faid twenty third day of June, fhall be fubfifting and in force, and (hall not be repealed, annulled, or abrogated, by virtue of this prefent adt, (hall continue and be in force, and fliall be exercifed, obferved, and executed by the faid company of barbers eftablifhed and incorporated by this adt, until fuch

until re ealed	an<^ t,mes refpedtively as thjg(^fame by-laws, ordinances,

by virtue of rules, and conftitutions, (hall reflectively be repealed, annulled, and made void, by virtue and under the authority of this prefent adt.

XVII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the mafter and governors of the faid company or corporation of barbers of London (hall be yearly elected and

chofen

By-laws of the united company, not relating to furgery, continued ;

this a£t.

Mafter and governors when and by

Hosted by Google

x745*] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 15.'	325

chofen on the fecond Thurfday in Augujl, by the court of affift- whom to be ants, or the major part of them, or in fuch manner as by the cil°fen> by-laws, rules, orders, and conftitutions of the fame company or corporation (hall be ordained or provided; and that when Member of and as often as any member of the faid court of affiftants of the the court of faid company of barbers (hall happen to die, or be removed, it affiftants fty* (hail and may be lawful to and for the furviving members of the removed^o faid court of affiftants, or the major part of them, to nominate be fupplied. and ele6f one other perfon, being a freeman of the fame company, to be a member of the faid court of affiftants, in the room of the perfon fo deceafed or removed; and the perfon fo nominated or ele&ed fhall continue in, hold, and exercife the faid office for and during his natural life, or until he fhall be removed out of the fame,

XVIII.	And it is hereby further enacfted by the authority Company of aforefaid, That the mafter, governors, and commonalty of the barbers to en-myftery of barbers of London, hereby made, eftablifhed, and privileges,%e. incorporated as aforefaid, and their fucceffors, and all perfons as before,’ex-who fhall be free of the fame company or corporation, fhall and cept in fur-may, from time to time, and at all times for ever hereafter, Ser7* have, hold, and enjoy, all and every fuch and the fame liberties, privileges, franchifes, powers, and authorities, as the faid

united company or corporation, with refpe<5t to every thing but furgery, and the members of the faid united company, occupying the feat or craft of barbery or (having, could or might refpe&ively have had, held, and enjoyed by virtue of the faid recited a6l of union or incorporation, and letters patents of his late majefty King Charles the Firft, and other the royal grants, charters, and patents therein refpe&ively mentioned and referred to, fo far as the fame do not concern or relate to the art and fcience of furgery; and that in as full, ample, and beneficial manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been exprefty repeated, fet down, and enacted in and by this pre-fent

XIX.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- Gift of 51 oh faid, That the fum of five hundred and ten pounds now vefted and annuity in the faid united company, and which was given and paid

the faid united company by Edward Arrisy for the ufe of the company; publick anatomy le&ures on the mufcles, and alfo the annuity or yearly rent-charge of fixteen pounds given to the faid united company by the will of John Gale gentleman, for one anatomy ledfure, by the name of Gale's anatomy, and charged upon certain meftuages and tenements at Snow Hill, in the parifh of Saint Sepulchre, without Nezvgate> London, fhall from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, be vefted in, and be deemed the foie property, eftate, and effie&s of the faid company and corporation of furgeons eftablifhed and incorporated by this a£t; and that to be paid to the faid fum of five hundred and ten pounds be accordingly paid them by the by the faid company or corporation of barbers of London, out of barbers com-ffie eftate and effects of and now belonging to the faid united

Y 3	company

Hosted by Google

and held in trull for the purpofes in-

326	Anno	decimo	o&avo GeoRgii II. c. 15.	[1	745,

company or corporation, within three months next after the faid twenty fourth day of June ; and that the faid fum of five hundred and ten pounds, and the faid annuity or yearly rent-charge of fixteen pounds per annum, fhall be held and enjoyed by the faid company of furgeons eftablifhed by this a6l, upon truft, to be applied and difpofed of for the purpofes intended by the donors thereof refpedlively; and that from and after the payment of the faid five hundred and ten pounds by the faid company of barbers to the faid company of furgeons, they the faid mafter, governors, and commonalty of the myftery of barbers of London, and their fucceffors, fhall for ever be difcharged of and from the faid fum or gift of five hundred and ten pounds, and every part thereof, and of and from the faid annuity or gift of fixteen pounds per annum, and every part thereof, and of and from all duties and trufts in refpedt of the faid gifts, or either of them; and fhall, from time to time, be faved harm-p lefs, and kept indemnified, by the faid company of furgeons, tended by the 0f, from, and againft the fame, and all adlions, fuits, charges, donors. and expences which they the faid mafter, governors, and com-* monalty of the myftery of barbers of London., or their fucceffors, fhall or may, from-time to time, be put unto or fuftain on account thereof; and that all the reft and refidue of the real and perfonal eftate and effedls of and belonging to the faid united company or corporation, and the arms or enfigms armorial of the fame company or corporation, (ball, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, be vefted in, and the fame are hereby from thenceforth vefted in the faid company or corporation of barbers of London, and their fucceffors, to and for their own foie and fe-parate ufe and benefit, for ever.

31ooks,papers, XX. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-&c. belonging {aid, That fuch of the books, papers, and writings which now to the united belong to the faid united company of barbers and furgeons, and relTtme^ ' r^ate t0> or concern the furgeons or furgery only, fhall imme? furgeons only, diately after the faid firft day of July, one thoufand feven hun-to be deliver- dred and forty five, be delivered by the faid company of bared to them, bers, eftablifhed and incorporated by this a£f, to the mafter, and governors, and court of aftiftants, of the faid company of furgeons eftablifhed and incorporated by this a6l, or fuch other? perform or perfons as they, or the major part of them, fhall, by writing under {heir hands, appoint to receive the fame, for the All other pfe and benefit pf the faid company of furgeons : and that the books, See, mafter, governors, and court of aftiftants, of the fame company may be in- of furgeons, or any of them, or fuch other perfon or perfons fc^eons^^ as ^ or ^ie maj°r Part ^cm, (hall, by writing under their

hands, appoint, {hall and may, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, upon reafonable notice, from and after the faid firft day of July, pn,e thoufand feven hundred and forty five, have free ac.cefs to, and liberty to infpeeft and perufe, in the hands of fuch perfon or perfons as the faid company of barkers fhall appoint to have the care and cuftody thereof, all the

2	reft

Hosted by Google

1745*] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 16,17.	327

reft of the books, papers, and writings, and alfo all the charters and deeds which now belong to the faid united company of barbers and furgeons; and, from time to time, to take fuch anc* C0Pies copies or extracts of or from the fame, or any of them, as the tak-en> faid mafter, governors, and court of aftiftants, of the faid company of furgeons, or the major part of them, or fuch other perfon or perfons fo to be appointed as aforefaid, fhall, from time to time; defire or require; and alfo that the faid company faid books,&c. of barbers fhall, from time to time, and at all times, upon rea- to be produc-fonable notice, from and after the faid firft day of July, produce any the faid laft mentioned books, papers, writings, charters, and deeds, or any of them, at the expence of the faid company of furgeons, upon any trial at law, or hearing in equity, or examination of witnefles, or otherwife, where the faid company of furgeons fhall have occafion to make ufe thereof, or of any of them, and permit the faid company of furgeons to make ufe of the fame accordingly.

XXL Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by Apprentices the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who hath been bound entitled to apprentice to any member of the faid united company, and, by before"1 ^ the Jaws or cuftom of the city of London, or otherwife, is or would be intitled to his freedom of the faid united company, and to the freedom of the faid city, in cafe this prefent a6l had never been made, fhall be intitled and admitted to his freedom in the faid company or corporation of furgeons, if his mafter is or was an examined furgeon, or elfe to his freedom in the faid company of barbers ; and in either cafe fhall be intitled and admitted to his freedom of the faid city of London; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Publick a<5f, That this a6t fhall he deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub-Jick a6k; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XVI.

An a£t to repair the road, leading from Tadcafter Bridge within the county of the city of York, to a place near the faid city, called Hob-mopr Lane End.

Tolls granted for 21 years.

c A P. XVII.

An	attfor giving a publkk reward to fuch perfon or	,

his Majefty's fubjeSi or fubjetls, as fhall	a north

weft paffage through Hudfon’s Straights, to the weftern and fouthern ocean of America.

WHEREAS the difcovering a north weft paffage through Hudfon’s Streights, to the wejlern American ocean y will he of great benefit and advantage to the trade of this kingdom: and whereas it will be a great encouragement to adventurers to attempt

y 4	fa

3^8

Reward of 20,0001. to tl;e owner of the veflel dif-covering a north weft paffage.

Commiffion-ers for the difcovery j

Anno decxmo octavo Georqii II. c. ij. [1745.

the fame, if a publick reward %vas given to fuch perfon or perfons as fall make a perfeft difcovery of the faid paffage: may it therefore pleafe your moil excellent Majefty that it may be enacfted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any fhip or veflel, (hips or veflels, belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjecfts, (hall find out and fail through any paffage by fea between Hudforfs Bay 2nd the weftern and fouthern ocean of America^ the owner or owners of fuch fhip or (hips, veffel or veflels, as aforefaid, fo firft finding out and failing through the faid paffage, his or ,their executors, ' sdminiftrators, or affigns, (hall be intitled to receive, and (hall receive, as a reward for fuch difcovery, the fum of twenty thou-fand pounds.

II. And, in order to afcertaih who are the firft difcoverers of the faid paffage, and to whom the reward hereby given does of right belong ; be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the lord high chancellor of Great Britain for the time being, the lord prefident of his Majefty’s moft- honourable privy’ council for the time being, the lord privy feal for the time being, the lord fteward of his Majefty’s houfhold for the time being, the lord chamberlain of his MajeftyVhoufhold' for the time being, the lord high treafurer, or firft commiffioner for executing the office of treafurer of his Majefty’s exchequer for the time being, the lord high admiral, or firft commiffioner for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, his Majefty’s principal fe-cretaries of ftate for the time being, the fpeaker of the honourable houfe of commons for the time being, the chancellor and under treafurer of his Majefty’s exchequer for the time being, the firft commiffioner for trade and plantations for the time being, the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy for the time being, the admirals of the red, white, and blue fquadrons for the time be-powered to ing, be, and they are hereby appointed commiffi6ners for the faid difcovery; and are hereby authorized and impowered to examine upon oath any perfon or perfons produced by the claimant or claimants to fuch reward (which oath the faid cpmmif-fioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and required jto adminifter) and the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, of which the lord'high admiral, or the firft commiffioner for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, (hall be one, being fully fatis-fied, upon examination and proof, that fuch paffage by fea is effectually difeovered, and failed through as aforefaid, are hereby authorized and required to grant a certificate under their hands and feals, to fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall judge are in-titled to the fame; which certificate (hall be produced to the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being; and the faid fum of twenty fhoufand pounds (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as are

name4

examine the claimants witaelles 5

and grant a certificate to the perfon eii fitted.

Hosted by Google

3*9

1745.] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 18.

named in the faid certificate, his or their executors, adminiftra-tors, or afligns, out of any of the aids or fupplies which fhall be granted in parliament to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, after the faid difcovery fhall be compleated, and the faid certificate thereof produced as aforefaid.

III.	And, as a farther encouragement, and to promote the Adventurers profecuting of and finding out fuch paffage; be it further en- to be aflifted adled by the authority aforefaid, That all perfons whatfoever,^ diftrefs. being fubjedls of his Majefty, and redding in any place where

the faid adventurers may come, in the profecution of the faid difcovery, fhall give the faid adventurers all aid and afliftancere-quifite; and that the faid perfons, being fubjedts as aforefaid, fhall no ways obftrudl, moleft, or refufe the faid adventurers reafonable fuccour, in any diftrefs they may fall into, in the profecuting fuch difcovery as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided always, That nothing in this adl fhall any This a<ft not

ways extend, or be conftrued to take away or prejudice any of to prejudice the eftate, rights, or privileges of or belonging to the gover-^.ea^^Pany nor and company of adventurers of England trading into Hud- tUrers to Hud-fon s Bay,	'	fon’s Bay.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft to explain and amend the laws touching the eleElions of knights of the Jhire to ferve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England.

\ATHERE AS feveral delays and inconveniencies have arifen in * * elections of knights of Jhires to ferve in parliament, to the great trouble and expence of the candidates and eleftors ; for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, upon every election to be made within that part of Great Britain called England, or dominion of Wales, of any knight or knights of the fhire to ferve in parliament, every freeholder, in-ftead of the oath or affirmation prefcribed to be taken by an adt of parliament made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne^ intituled. An aft for the more effectualpre- Inftead of the venting fraudulent conveyances, in order to multiply votes for ele ftmg	by, 10

knights of Jhires to ferve in parliament, before he is admitted t0 Mother is3*ap-poll at the faid election, fhall (if required by the candidates,or pointed for any of them, or any other peffon having a right to vote at the freeholders, faid eledlion) firft take the oath (or being one of the people called ghiakers, the folemn affirmation) following ; videlicet,

YOU fhall fwear (or being one of the. people called §>uahrs,^t Qat^ you fhall folemnly affirm) that you are a freeholder in the county of	and	have	a	freehold	ejlate, miffing of

(fpecifying the nature of fuch freehold eftate,

whether

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo o£tavo Geobgii II. c. 18.	[1745*

whether meffuage, land, rent, tythe, or what elfe , and if fuch freehold eftate confifts in meffua'ges, lands, or tythes, then fpecifying in whofe occupation the fame are; and if in rent, then fpecifying the names of the owners or poffeffors of the lands or tenements, out of which fuch rent is iffuing, or of fome or one of them) lying or being at	in	the	county of

of the clear yearly value of forty Jhillings, over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in refpeft of the fame ; and that you have been in the aftual poffeffion or receipt of the rents and profits thereof \ for your own ufe, above twelve Calendar months, or that the fame came to you, within the time oforefaid, by defcent% marriage, marriage fettlement, devife, or promotion to a benefice in a church, or by promotion to an office; and that fuch freehold eftate has not been granted or made to you fraudulently, on purpofe to qualify you to give your vote; and that the place of your abode is at

in	and	that you are twenty one years of age, as

you believe; and that you have not been polled before at this election.

By whom to be admini-fter'd.

Penalty of perjury* or

Which oath (or folemn affirmation) the ffieriff by himfelf, his under fheriff, or fuch fworn clerk or clerks, as fhall be by him appointed for the taking of the poll, is hereby required to ad-minifter: and in cafe any freeholder or other perlon taking the faid oath or affirmation hereby appointed, fhall thereby commit wilful perjury, and be thereof convifted ; and if any perfon do unlawfully and corruptly procure or (uborn any freeholder, or other perfon, to take the faid oath or affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he fhall commit fuch wilful perjury, and fhall be thereof convicted, he and they, for every fuch offence, fhall incur fuch pains and penalties as are in and by two a£ts of parliament, the one made in the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft for puivfhing fuch perfons as Jhall procure or commit wilful perjury, or fuborn or procure any per-

rfon t0 commit any wilful or corrupt perjury ; the other made in the-5 Eliz c. 9. } fecond year of his prefeat Majefiy, intituled, An aft for the more

the I

c- 25*

Claufes repealed of 1© A’ina?, c, ti

(eft. 2.

effeftual preventing and further punifhment of forgery, perjury, and and 2 Geo. 2-fubor nation of perjury; and to. make it felony to feal bonds, notes > or other fecurities for payment of nyoney, contrary to the faid a<fts.

IL And ivhereas by the faid aft made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majefiy fpucen Anne, it is enafted as follozvs; videlicet, That from and after the fir ft day of May, which was in the year of our Lord one thou fondfeven hundred and tiuelve, no perfon fhall vote for the elefting of any knight of a fhire within that part of Great Britain called England, in refpeft or in right of any lands or tenements which have not been charged or affieffed to the publick taxes, church rateSy and par if) duties, in fuch proportion as Gther lands or tenements of forty findings per annum, zuithin the fame parifh or townfhip zuherein the fame fall lie or bare ufually charged: and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her faid late majefiy Sfueen Anne, for explaining the faid recited and 12 Ann*, claufe, it is enafted, That the faid aft, or any thing therein contained, flat. 1. c. 5. fan not exiendy or be confrucd to ref rain'any perfon from voting in

Hosted by Google

1745-1	Anno decitno o&avo Georgii II. c. 18.	331

fuck election of any knight of a J'hire within that part of Great Britain called England, in refpeft or in right of any rentsy tythes or other incorporeal inheritancesor any mefjuages or lands in extraparochial places, or any chambers in the inns of court or inns of Chancery, or any ?neffiuages or feats belonging to any offices, in regard or by reafon that the fame have not been ufually charged or affieffied to all or any the publick taxes, church rates, and parijh duties, as mentiomd in the above recited a5iy or in refpeft or right of any other mejfuages or lands not herein before fpecified, in regard or by reafon that the fame have not been ufually charged or affieffied to all and every the publick taxesy church rates, and parijh duties aforefaid; provided that fuch meffiu-ages or lands have ufually been charged or affieffied to forne one or more of the faid publick taxes, ratesy or duties, in juch proportion as other mejfuages or lands of forty fnllings per annum, in the fame parijh or townjhip where the fame Jhall lie or bey are ufually charged to the fame; In t re_ be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the peaied. faid recited a61 as difables any perfon to vote for knights of fhires, in refpedl or in right of any lands or tenements which have not been charged or affeffed as therein mentioned, (hall, from and. after the faid twenty fourth day of Juney be, and is hereby repealed.

III.	Provided always, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Juney no perfon fhall vote for the electing of a knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament within that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Walesy in re-fpec5t or in right of any meffuages, lands, or tenements, which have not been charged or affeffed towards fome aid granted, or hereafter to be granted to his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffors, by a land tax in Great Britain, twelve kalendar months next before fuch election.

IV.	Provided alfo, That this a&, or any thing therein con- Exception for tained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to reffrain any perfon voting in from voting in any fuch ele&ion of any knight or knights of a right of fhire within that part of Great Britain called England, or prin- ^a™sbers °r cipality of Wales* in refpedt or in right of any rents, or any chambers in the inns of court or inns of Chancery, or any meffuages or feats belonging to any offices, in regard or by reafon

that the fame have not been ufually charged or affeffed to the aid

commonly called The Land Tax; and that the acting commif- Duplicates of

fioners of the land-tax for the time being, or any three or more	to

of them, at their meetings for the refpe<5tive divifions, fhall fign be kept a_

and feal one other duplicate of the copies of the refpedtive affeff- mong the re-

ments to be delivered to them by the feveral affeffors, after all cords of the

appeals determined, and the fame, to deliver, or caufe to be de- feffl0ns>

livered, to the clerks of the peace for their refpe&ive counties,

to be by them kept amongft the records of the feffions, to

which all perfons may refort at all feafonable times, and in-

fpeft the fame, paying fix pence for fuch infpecftion; and the to be infpeft-

faid clerks of the peace, or their deputies, are hereby required ed,

forthwith to give copies of the faid duplicates, or any part there-

pf, to any fuch perfon or perfons who (hall require the fame, °akc°pies

paying *

Hosted by Google

Further qualifications of ele&ors.

Penalty of4ol.

No publiffk tax to be deemed a charge on a freehold.

Booths to he eretted at the expence of the candidates.

proportion'd to the hundreds, Sec. and not exceeding

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II, c. iS. [1745.

paying after the rate of fix pence for every three hundred words, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer number.

V.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That from after the faid twenty fourth day of June, onethoufand fe-ven hundred and forty five, no perfon fhall vote in any fuch e-lecftion, without having a freehold eftate in the county for which he votes, of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings, over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in refpedl of the fame, or without having been in the acftual poffeffion, or in receipt of the rents and profits thereof, for his own ufe, above twelve kalendar months, unlefs the fame came to him within the time aforefaid, by defeent, marriage, marriage fettlement, devife, or promotion to any benefice in any church, or by promotion to an office, or fhall vote in refpedl or in right of any freehold eftate, which was made or granted to him fraudulently, on purpofe to qualify him to give his vote, or fhall vote more than once at the fame election : and if any perfon fhall vote in any fuch election, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, he fhall forfeit to any candidate for whom fuch vote fhall not have been given, and who fhall firft fue for the fame, the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered by him or them, his or their executors or adminiftrators, together with full cofts of fuit, by action of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at TVeJlminJler, wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, privilege, or imparlance, fhall be admitted or allowed; and in every fuch action, the proof fhall lie on fuch perfon againfl whom the fame was brought, unlefs the fact, on which fuch action, is grounded, be the having polled more than once at the fame election.

VI.	And be it declared by the authority, aforefaid, That no publick or parliamentary tax, county, church, or parifh rate, or duty, or any other tax, rate, or affeffment whatfoever, to be af-feffed or levied upon any county, divifion, rape, lathe, wapentake, ward, or hundred, is or fhall be deemed or conftrued to be any charge, payable out of or in refpect of any freehold eftate, within the meaning and intention of this act, or of the oath or folemn affirmation herein before directed to be adminiftered to, and taken by every freeholder, if required, as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, at every fuch election within that part of Great Britain called England, and dominion of Wales, the fheriff, or in his abfence the under fheriff, or fuch as he fhall depute, (hall appoint, make, or ere«t, or caufe to be appointed, made, or erected, at the expence of the candidates, fuch number of convenient booths or places for taking the poll, as the candidates, or any of them fhall, three days at leaft before the commencement of the poll, defire, fo as the fame do not ex-? ceed the number of rapes, lathes, wapentakes, wards, or hundreds within the faid county, and not exceeding in the whole the number of fifteen) and fhall affix, or caufe to be affixed, on the

Hosted by Google

*745*1 Anno decimo oftavo GeoRgii II. C. 18.	333

moft publick part of each of the faid booths or polling places, the name or names of the rape, wapentake, lathe, ward, or hundred, or rapes, wapentakes, lathes, wards, or hundreds, for which fuch booth or polling place is allotted or defigned ; and the faid fheriff, under fheriff, or fuch perfon as he fha 11 Sheriff to ap-depute, fhall appoint a proper clerk or clerks, at each of the point a clerk faid booths or polling places, to take the poll (which faid clerk or clerks fhall be at the expence of the candidates, and be paid a?rthe calSw not exceeding one guinea per day each clerk) and the faid fhe- dates expencej riff or under fheriff, fhall alfo make out a lift for each of the faid	tawns

booths or polling places refpe&ively, of all the feveral towns, for villages, parifhes, and hamlets, lying or being wholly or in part booth $ in the rape, wapentake, lathe, ward, or hundred, or in the feveral rapes, wapentakes, lathes, wards, or hundreds, for which f ,. fuch booth or polling place is allotted or defigned; and (hall, pie^tobeg?v-upon requeft made, deliver a true copy thereof to any of the en at as. each, candidates, or their agents, who fhall defire the fame, taking for each of the faid copies the fum of two (hillings, and no more.

VIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Voting at each

That no fheriff, under (heriff, or clerk, appointed to take the bootb to poll at any of the faid booths or polling places, fhall admit any	^

perfon to vote for any lands, tenements, or other freehold eftate,

fworn by the faid oath to be lying and being at fome parifh,

town, or place, or parifhes, towns, or places, which parifh,

town, or place, or parifhes, towns, or places, or any of them,

or any part cithern, is not, or are not mentioned in the lift fo

made out for fuch booth or polling places as aforefaid, unlefs

fuch lands, tenements, or eftate lie or be in fome town, liberty. Exception.

or place not mentioned in any of the lifts fo made out for all the

faid booths or polling places as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enacfted by theauthority aforefaid, That A cheque the fheriff or in his abfence the under fheriff, or fuch as he fhall book tor every depute, fhall, at every fuch election, allow a cheque book for poll book al-every poll book, for each candidate, to be kept by their refpec-

live infpedtors at every place where the poll for fuch election can 1 ate* fhall betaken or carried on.

X.	And ivhereas by an aft ?nade In the feve?ith and eighth years of No fheriff to the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An adt for the fur- adjourn a ther regulating elections of members to ferve in parliament; rOUjnty e°than and for the preventing irregular proceedings of fheriffs, and x6 days, other officers, in the eledling and returning fuch members ; it

is enabled. That upon every election to be made of any knight or knights of the /hire, the /her iff of the county where fuch election /hall be made,

Jball proceed to election at the next county court unlefs the fame fall out to be held ivithinfix days after the receipt of the writ, or upon the fame day, and then ftoall adjourn the fame court to fome convenient day, giving ten days notice of the time and place ofelection: and whereas Jhiriffs have frequently in fuch cafes, where the county court fell out to be held within fix days after the receipt of the writ, or upon the fa?ne day, made long adjournmCnts of the fame, in order to delay proceeding to ekftim ; for remedy thereof for the future, be it enadt-

;	e<j

Hosted by Google

Cluufe of 6 Geo. 2.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. 0. i8„^	[i745^

ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, no (heriff fhall in fuch cafe, take upon himfelf to adjourn iuch court for longer than fixteen days $ any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL And whereas by an aft made in thefixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft to explain and amend an aft made c* 23. repealed in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An aft for the further regulating eleftions of members toferve in parliament ; and for the preventing irregular proceedings of Jheriffs, and other officers, in the elefting and returning fuch members, fo far as the fame relates to the holding of county courts ; it is amongjl other things enafted, That no county court what-foever, held within that part of Great Britain called England, flail be adjourned to a Monday, a Friday, ^ Saturday; and that all and every fuch adjournment and adjournments, and all and every aft and deed done or performed at fuch courts Jo adjourned, fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be utterly null and void, to all intents and pur-poj'es whatfoever: and whereas the fame hath been found inconvenient, be it therefore enafted by the authority aforelaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of 'June, fo much of the faid a ft, as is herein before recited, fhall be, and is hereby repealed.

XII. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any fuch (heriff or under (heriff, who lhall prefide at any eleftion of any fuch knight or knights of the (hire within that part of Great Britain, called England, or dominion of Wales lhall wilfully offend againft, or aft contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, every fuch fheriff or under (heriff fhall be liable to be profecuted by information, or indiftment, in his Majefty’s court of Kings Bench at Wejlminfter, or in the courts of great feffions in the principality of Wales, or at the feffions held for the counties palatine of Chefler, Lancafer, and Durham, or at the alfizes for the county, city, town, or place, where fuch of-No Nolleprofe- pence fhall be committed, in which no Noli Profequi or Ceffiat

Sheriff, &c. offending, to be profecuted.

qui or Cejfat procejjus to be granted.

The manner of proceeding in cafe of offence againft this aft.

Proceffus fhall be granted; any law, cuftom, or ulage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it lhall and may be fufficient for the plaintiff, in any action of debt given by this aft, to fet forth in the declaration or bill, that the defendant is indebted to him, in the fum of

and to alledge the particular offence for which the action or fuit is brought ; and that the defendant hath afted contrary to this aft, without mentioning the writ of fummonS to parliament, or the return thereof; and it fhall be fufficient in any indiftment or information, for any offence committed contrary to this aft, to alledge the particular offence charged upon the defendant; and that the defendant is guilty thereof, without mentioning the writ of fummons to parliament, or the return thereof ; and upon trial of any iffue in any fuch aftion, fuit, indift-ment, or information, theplaintiff, profecutor, or informer, fhall not be obliged to prove the writ of fummons to parliament, or

the

Hosted by Google

335

1745'] Anno decimo oflavo Georgii II. c. 19,20,

the return thereof, or any warrant or authority to the fheriff, grounded upon anyfuch writ of fummons.

XIV.	Provided always, That every action, fuit, indictment, Limitation of or information given by this a6t, fhall be commenced within a&ions.

the fpace of nine kalendar months after the fad, upon which the fame is grounded fhall have been committed.

XV.	And be it further, enabled by the authority, That all Statutes of the fiatutes of jeofails and amendments of the law whatfoever, jeofails, &£. fhall, and rnay be conftrued to extend to all proceedings in any proceedings action, fuit, indiClmcnt, or information, given or allowed by this on this a<5t. ad, or which (hall be brought in purfuance thereof

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the plaintiff or informer, in any aCtion, fuit, indictment, or information given by this aCt, fhall difcontinue the fame, or be nonfuited, or judgement be other-

wife given againfi him ; then, and in any of the faid cafes, the Treble cofts. defendant againft whom fuch aCtion, fuit, or information.fhall *9ageo* have been brought, fhall recover his treble cofts.

CAP. XIX.

An a£t for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdon) to a lane leading by the end of Stone Bridge, in the faid county.

Tolls granted for z i years.

CAP. XX.

An aft to amend and render more effectual an aft faffed in the fifth year of his prefent Majeflfs reign, intituled, An aCt for the further qualification of juftices of the peace.

WHEREAS by many atIs of parliament of late years made, the power and authority of jufices of the peace is greatly in-creafed, whereby it is become of the utmof confequence to the common-weal, to provide againft perfons of mean efiate adding as fuch : and whereas the laws now in force are not J'ufficientfor that purpofe: be it therefore enaCted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand After March feven hundred and forty fix, no perfon fhall be capable of being	a

a jultice of the peace, or of aCting as fuch, for any county, riding, juftke of or divilion, within that part of Great Britain called England, or peace, not pofi the principality of Wales, who fhall not have, either in law or felled of ioqU equity, to and for his own ufe and benefit, in pofleflion, a free-her Mu hold, copyhold, orcuftomary efiate, for life, or for fome greater efiate, or an efiate for fome long term of years, determinable upon one or more life or lives, or for a certain term originally created for twenty one years, or more, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying or being in that part of Great Britain called B.ngkndy or the principality of Wales, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, over and above what will fatisfy and dif-

charge

Hosted by Google

336

or not entitled to the rever-fion of 300I. per Ann ;

and who {hall not take and iubfcribe the following oath.

Amended by 19 Geo. z, c, 13,

Oath.

Oath to be recorded.

Copy of oath to be given for

23.

and admitted in evidence.

Penalty of 100I. on any perfon acting unqualified.

Anno decimO t><5tavo Georgii II. C.20:	[17457

charge all incumbrances that affecft the fame, and over and above all rents and charges payable out of, or in refpedt of the fame ; or who fhall not be feized of, or intitled unto, in law or equity* to and for his own ufe and benefit, the immediate reverfion or remainder of and in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying or being as aforefaid, which are leafed for one, two, or three lives, or for any term of years, determinable upon the death of one, two, or three lives, upon referved rents, and which are of the clear yearly value of three hundred pounds ; and who (hall not, before the faid twenty fifth day of March, or before he takes upon himfelf to adl as a juftice of peace after the faid twenty fifth day of March, at fome general or quarter-fefilons for the county, riding, or divifion for which he does or fhall intend to atft, firft take and fubfcribe the oath following ; videlicet,

I A. B. do /wear, That I truly and bona fide have fuch an ejlate, in law or equity, to and for my own ufe andhenefit, conffing of (fpecifying the nature of fuch efiate, whether mefluage, land, rent, tythe, office, benefice, or what elfe) as doth qualify me to aft as a jujlice of the peace for the county, riding, or divifion, of	according	to the true intent and meaning of

an aft of parliament, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his Majefly King George the Seconds intituled, An a<5t to amend and render more effectual an a£I paffed in the fifth year of his pre-fent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further qualification cf juft ices of the peace ; and that the fame (except where it confifts of an office, benefice, or ecclefiaftical preferment, which it fhall be fufficient to afcertain by their known and ufual names) is lying or being, or iffuing out of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, being within the parijk, townfhip, or precinft of or in the feveralparijhes, townfhips, or precinft of in the county of	or	in	the feveral counties of

(as the cafe may be.)

, which oath fo taken and fubfcribed as aforefaid, fhall be kept by the clerk of the peace of the faid county, riding, or divifion for the time being, among the records of the fefiions for the faid coifnty, riding, or divifion.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch clerk of the peace fhall, upon demand for that pur-pofe made, forthwith deliver a true and attefted copy of the faid oath, in writing, to any perfon, paying for the fame the fum of two (hillings, and no more; which being proved to be a true copy of fuch oath, to be keptamongft the records, as aforefaid, fhall be admitted to be given in evidence upon any iffiue in any acStion, fuit, or information, to be brought upon this a<ft.

III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, any perfon who fhall a61 as a juftice of the peace for any county, riding, or divifion, within that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, without having taken and fubfcribed

the

Hosted by C Dgle

1745* J Anno decimo odlavo Georgii IL c. 20.	3^7

the faid oath as aforefaid, or without being qualified according

to the true intent and meaning of this act, fhall, for every fuch

offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety to

the ufe of the poor of the parifh in which he moft ufually refides,

and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons who

fhall fue for the fame, to be recovered, together with full cofts

of fuit, by adtiori of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of

his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjie7\ in which no effoin. Proof of qua-

protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be location ihall

allowed ; and in every fuch adlion, fuit or information, the proof	de~

of his qualification fhall lie on fuch perfon againft whom the

fame is brought.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by theautho- Defendant to rity aforefaid, That if the defendant in any fuch aCtion, fuit, or fpecify lands information, fhall intend to infill upon any lands, tenements, Ojpt contain- ■ or hereditaments, not contained in fuch oath as aforefaid, as ^ ^wrktoi ^ his qualification to ad! as a juftice of peace in part, or in the notice. whole, at the time of the fuppofed offence, wherewith he is

charged, he fhall at or before the time of his pleading, deliver to the plaintiff or informer, or his attorney, a notice in writing, fpecifying fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments (other than thofe contained in the faid oath) and the parifh, townfhip, pre-cindt, or place, or parifhes, townfhips, precinCts, or places, and the county or counties wherein the fame are refpedlively fi-tuate, lying, or being (offices and benefices excepted, which it fhall be fufficient, to afcertain by their known and ufual names) and if the plaintiff or informer in any fuch adlion, fuit, or information, fhall think fit thereupon not to proceed any farther, he may with the leave of the court, difcontinue fuch adlion, fuit, or information, on payment of fuch coifs to the defendant, as the court (hall award.

V.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enacted by theau- Lands not thority aforefaid, That upon the trial of the iifue in any adlion, mentioned in fuit, or information, to be brought as aforefaid, no lands, tene- the oath or ments, or hereditaments, which are not contained in fuch oath beaHowedV0 and notice as aforefaid, or one of them, fhall be allowed tobe

infilled upon by the defendant, as any part of his qualification.

VI.	And be it further enadted and declared by the authority Lands men-aforefaid, where the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, con- tinned in the tained in the faid oath or notice, are together with other lands, °.ath ?r nof

*	c	11C6 iiow tar

tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to the perfon taking chargeable fuch oath, or delivering fuch notice, liable to any charges, rents, with incum-or incumbrances, that within the true intent and meaning, and brances. for the purpoles of this adl, the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, contained in the faid oath or notice, fhall be deemed and taken to be liable and chargeable,, only fo far as the other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo jointly charged, are not fuffici-ent to pay, fatisfy, or difchargethe fame.

VII.	Provided always. That where the qualification required Cafe of qiiafi* by this ad!, or any part thereof confifis of rent, it fhall be fuffi- fication by cient to fpecify in fuch oath or notice as aforefaid, fo much of the rentor) >*

Vol< XVIII.	Z	land*.

Hosted by CjOO^IC

Only one penalty recoverable by this and 5 Geo. t Q. iS,

Anno decimo odtavo Georgii II. c.20.	[*745.

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, out of which fuch rent is iffuing, as fhall be of fufficient value to anfwer fuch rent.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the plaintiff, or informer, in any fuch adlion, fuit,^ or information, fhall difcontinue the fame, other-wife than aforefaid, or be nonfuit, or judgement be otherwife given againft him, that then, and in any of the faid cafes, the

Treble colls, perfon againft whom fuch adlion fhall have been brought, fhall recover treble cofts.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That only one penalty of one hundred pounds fhall be recovered from the fame perfon by virtue of this adl, or of an adl made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, intituled. An aft for the further qualification of juftices of the peace, for the fame, or any other offence committed by the fame perfon, before the bringing of the action, fuit, or information, upon which one penalty of one hundred pounds fhall have been recovered, and due notice given to the defendant of the commencement of fuch adlion, fuit, or information; any thing in this or the fame adl to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-abtion to^be ^a'lc^ That where an adlion, fuit, or information (hall be brought, for offences and due notice given thereof as aforefaid, no proceedings fhall

be had upon any fubfequent adtion, fuit, or information againft the fame perfon, for any offence committed before the time of giving fuch notice as aforefaid; but the court where fuch fubfequent action, fuit, or information fhall be brought, may, upon the defendants motion, ftay proceedings upon every fuch fubfequent action, fuit, or information, lo as fuch firft adlion, fuit, or information, be profecuted without fraud, and with effedt, it being hereby declared, That no adtion, fuit, or information, which fhall not be fo profecuted, fhall be deemed or conftrued to be an adlion, fuit, or information, within the intent and meaning of this adt.

XI.	Provided always, That every adlion, bill, plaint, or information, given by this or the faid former adt, (hall be commenced within the fpace of fix kalendar months, after the fadt upon which the fame is grounded fhall have been committed.

XII.	Provided always, That this adl, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any city or town, being a county of itfelf, or to any other city, town, cinque-port, or liberty, having juftices of the peace within their refpedlive limits and precindts, by charter, commifiion, or otherwife; but that in every fuch city, town, liberty, and place, fuch perfons may be capable to be juftices of the peace, and in fuch manner only, as they might have been if this adt had never been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithfianding.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this adl, or in an adt palled in the fifthyear of hisprefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, Anaft for the further

prior to the firft action aii'd notice.

Limitation of actions.

Places not within this aff.

Perfons excepted.

Hosted by Google

339

x 745-] Anno declmo oftavo GegrGH II. c. 21."

qualification of jufices of the peace, contained, {hall extend to any peer4, or lord of parliament, or to the lords or others of his Majefty’s moft honourable privy, council, or to the juftices of either bench, or to the barons of the court of exchequer, or to his Majefty’s attorney or folicitor general, or to the juftices of great feftions for the county palatine of Ckefler, and the feveral counties of the principality of Wales, within their refpedlive ju~ rifdicftions, or to the eldeft fon or heir apparent of any peer, or lord of parliament, or of any perfon qualified to ferve as a knight of a (hire, by an a£t made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft to fecure the freedom of parliaments, by the further qualifying members to ft in the houfe of commons', any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XIV.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this a6t, or in the faid Perfons ex* a6t of the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty con- cepted. tained, fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to incapacitate

or exclude the officers of the board of green cloth from being juftices of the peace within the verge of his Majefty’s palaces, or to incapacitate or exclude the commiffioners and principal officers of the navy, or the two under fecretaries in each of the offices of principal fecretary of ftate, or the fecretary of Chelfea College, from being juftices of the peace in or for fuch counties or places where they ufually*have been juftices of the peace; any thing herein contained to the. contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XV.	Provided always. That this a61, or any thing herein perpons ^ contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any cepted.

of the heads of colleges or halls in either of the two univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or to the vice chancellor of either of the faid univerfities, or to the mayor of the city of Oxford, or of the town of Cambridge, but that they may be and a6t as juftices of the peace of and in the feveral counties of Oxford, Berks, and Cambridge, and the cities and towns within the fame, and execute the office thereof as fully and freely in all refpedls as heretofore they have lawfully ufed to execute the fame, as if this a6t had never been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrarymotwithftanding.

CAP. XXI.

An aft to continue an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for the better regulation of laflage and ballaftage in the river Thames.

WH E R E A S an aft made in the fixth year of the reign of his 6 Geo. i.c.

prefent Majefy, intituled. An a6f for the better regulation of laftage and ballaftage in the river Thames, which was to continue in force' from the fir ft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty three, for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament; and which, by an aft made in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further con

Z 2	tinned

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo oftavo GeorgiI II. c. 22:	[1745.

tinued for /even years, and from thence to the end of the then nest feffion of parliament, is near expiring: and whereas the [aid aft hath been found to be a very ufeful lain, and to tend greatly to the pre-ferving the navigation of the faid river Thames, and thereby to promote and encourage the trade of this kingdom \ be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid a6t, and all and every the powers, authorities, claufes, and provifions therein contained, (hall be and conti->	nue,	and	the	fame	is	and	are	hereby continued in force, from

the expiration thereof, for and during the further term of eleven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

CAP, XXII.

An aft for granting to his Majefty the fern of eight hundred thoufand pounds out of the finking fund; and for grant-■ ing a fern remaining in the exchequer, arifen by the furplus of the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament ; and for giving fur-, ther time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or conirafts of clerks and apprentices, and for the further enforcing the payment of the faid duties.

Sum of

8oo,oool. to be iiTued out of the linking fund,

Mofi gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefty’s mod: dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being defirous not only to raife fuch fupplies as are neceffary to enable your Majefty to carry on the prefent war with vigour, but alfo to ufe fuch ways and means therein, as that your Majefty may have the better and more fpeedy effedt of the faid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds out of the furpluffes, excetfes, and overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, towards the fupply granted to your Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and to that end and purpofe do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled and by the authority of the fame. That by or out of fuch monies as now are, or fhall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch fum and fums of monies as have been diredled by any former a61 or adts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there (hall and may be iffued

Hosted by Google

I745-] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 22.	34.T

and applied, a fum not exceeding the faid fum of eight hundred for the fervice thoufand pounds, for and towards the fupply granted to his of the year Majefty for the fervice of the faid year one thoufand feven hun- T74-5* dred and forty five; and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iffue and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And whereas it hath been found by experience, That foapers Duties for -zuafle is of great ufe and fervice for improvement of lands, for?0*Per^ wa^e which purpofe great quantities thereof would be ufed, if the fame were t0 cea e> permitted to be brought into this kingdom freed and difcharged from

payment of the duties, to which the fame is now liable upon importation; for the encouragement therefore of fuch improvements, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after after June 24, the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and I74-5* forty five, all the duties now payable for foapers wafte, imported into this kingdom, fhall ceafe and determine; and from thenceforth it fhall be lawful to import into this kingdom foapers wafte, without paying any fubfidy, cuflom, impofition or other duty for the fame; any law, ftatute, ufage or provifion to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, ciaufe of loan That in cafe the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, at 3I. ios» per or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, cent*

or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner hereafter mentioned, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the receipt of his' Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, upon the credit of the faid furplufles, exceffes, and overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund; and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, intereft after a rate not exceeding three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iflue their warrants for that purpofe as' faft as fuch loans (hall be wanted for the publick fervice ; and moreover that no money fo to be lent upon the fecurity of this adt (hall be free ^om rated or aflefled to any tax or afleflment whatfoever.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That all and every perfon Tallies ot and perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this loan to be adt as aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exche- (truck. quer, fhall immediately have a talley of loan (truck for the fame,

and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her^ or their tally, in or upon which order dial! be

£ 3	alfo

Hosted by Google

Manner of payment.

Anno decimo o&avo Gsorgii II. c. 22.	[1745,

alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof, not exceeding the faid rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all fuch orders for repayment of money fo to be lent (hall be regiftred in courfe according to the dates refpedlively; and that all and every per-fon and perfons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall (land regiftred in the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, who fhall have his, her, or their'order or orders iirft entred in the faid books of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus monies; and he, (he, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fe-cond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceffively and in courfe; and Sinking fund that the monies to come in, of, or for the faid furpluffes, ex-liable,	cedes, and overplus monies, commonly called The Jinking fund,

as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadlion of the faid refpedtive perfons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns withoutundue ^efpetftively, without undue preference of one before another.

preference.

fee to be taken.

Penalties.

and not otherwife; and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever (other than fuch ufes and purpofes as are appointed by any other a6t or acfts of parliament in that behalf as aforefaid;) and that no fee, reward or gratuity diredlly or indireclly (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty’s fubjedfs for providing or making of any fuch books or regiftries, or any entries, views, or fearches in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majefty's officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before another (hall be made either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this a<5t, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending fhall be liable by acftion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt with full cofts of fuit to the party grieved, and fhall be forejudged of his place or office; and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only fhall be liable to fuch adlion, debt, damages, and cofts, and fhall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt fhall not direcft the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fuch order, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before directed, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpetftive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch acftion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fych manner as aforefaid; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, £	damages,

Hosted by Google

343

1745*] Anno decimo odtavo GeoRGH II. c.22.

damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, fhall and may be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfter\ wherein no eftoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of re-ftraint (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

V.	Provided always, and it is declared, That if it (hall hap- vvhat {ball pen that feveral tallies of loan or orders for payment as afore- not be undue faid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of preference, the receipt to be regiftered, then it fhall be interpreted no undue preference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters them

all the fame day.

VI.	Provided alfo. That it fhall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor diredt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders to perfons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which fhall not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for them; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That all and every perfon Method of and perfons to whom any money (hall be due for loans to be re- transferring, giftred by virtue of this adt, after order entered in the book of

regifter as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by proper words of alignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may affign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and hn entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regiftry aforefaid for orders (which the officers fhall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) fhall mtitle fuch aftignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch aftignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quoties; and afterwards it fhall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who have or hath made fuch affignment, to make void, releafe, or difcharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VIII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by iftfuing exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means for the publick fervice; be

it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the The ^tm m commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more be railed by of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more exchequer of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall bills, judge it more advifeable to raife the faid fum of eight hundred

Z 4	thou-

Hosted by

Google

Claufes of^ the land tax a£l relating to loans and exchequer bills, trxtended to this.

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c.22.	[1745.

thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, in-ftead of fuch loans as aforefaid, that then they refpedlively are Thereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of eight hundred thoufarid pounds, together with fuch loans as aforefaid, in the fame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain aCt of parliament for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, are enaCted and prefcribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid a6t.

, IX. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the faid laft-mentioned a6t relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorized to be made by the fame a6f (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the aids, taxes, or affeflinents granted by the fame a6t) {hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this a<5l*, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid lail mentioned ad, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-ena6ted in the body of this prefent adi.

X.	And be it enaCled by the authority aforefaid. That all the exchequer bills as {hall be made in purfuance of this add, and the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or attending the fame, {hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and fhall be repaid and borne by or out of the growing produce of the faid furplufles, excefies, and overplus monies commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other adt or adds of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the finking fund {hall and may be if-fued and applied, as fa ft as the fame can be regularly ficated and afcertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and dif-charging fuch exchequer bills, interefi, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them final] be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the re-fpedtive proprietors thereof.

21,24.4.1, 13s. XI. And be further enadded by the authority aforefaid, That Sd. 3 q. the fum of twenty one thoufand two hundred and forty four duties on malt Poun<^s’ thirteen (hillings, and eight pence three farthings, now &c. for 174.3/ remaining in the receipt of his Majeliy’s'exchequer, of the fur-to be iflued * plus of the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, (hall and may be iiTued as part of his Majefiy's fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five;

any

Exchequer bills chargeable on the {inking fund.

for 1745.

Hosted by Google

345

1^45-1 Anno decimo odtavo Georgii IL c. 22.

any law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it ena6ted by the authority a- Application of forefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either the fupplies, by loans or exchequer bills, upon one a61 of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by a by tbe lan<i land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one tax * thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as fhall arife or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame a6t, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid land tax, fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame j and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other a6t of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing the ^ duties on duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Bri- malt, &c. tain called England, and for granting to his Majefly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand [even hundred and forty five ; and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the duties thereby granted, as fhall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame a6f, and all the intereft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame ; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer by loans, upon one other a6l of this feffion of parliament, intituled.

An aft for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red fa5[t<!ut*es on

and zvhite herrings, for the further term of fix years; and for do-	*

claring that the duties on fait, which arife and are payable in that part

of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be fubjeft to the fame cloarges

thereon, as the fame duties were liable to by the aft of the fifth year of

the reign of his late majefly King George the Fir ft; and alfo all the

monies coming into the exchequer by annuities, after the rate

of three pounds per centum per annum, and by contributions by

way of a lottery, upon one other a6t of this feffion of parliament, .

intituled, An a ft for granting to his Majefly feveral additional duties ^mes iirfpor't-

upon all wines imported into Great Britain ; and for raifing a cer- ed ; and by

tain fum of money by annuities and a lottery, in manner therein men- annuities and

tioned, to be charged on the faid additional duties', and the fum 0f £ lottery;

twenty one thoufand two hundred and forty four pounds, thir- ^ * g’^lthree

teen Shillings, and eight pence three farthings, remaining in the farthings fur-

receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of the furplus of the duties on plus, &c.

malt, mum, cyder and perry, granted for the fervice of the year and b>r

one thoufand feven hundred and forty three ; and alfo the fum this a& grant*

of eight hundred thoufand pounds by this a61 granted, fhall be ed. ° 6

further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated

for and towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes herein

after expreffed (that is to fay) it is hereby ena6ted and declared.

That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there fhall

$a4

Hosted by Google

34-6

tod. for freight of tranlports.

I3J34-51* 7 s.

7 d. halfpenny for vi&uals for land forces.

10,000 1. to Greenwich IiofpitaL

*6},4351. 6s. j d. Charge of ordnance office for land fervice.

1,878,4.17 h

3 s. lod. halfpenny, for guards, gari-Jons, marines, &c.

and for *8,107 effec-

Annodecimo odlavo Georgii II. c. 22.	[1745.

and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two million two hundred ninety two thoufand four hundred feventy nine pounds, nine (hillings, and ten pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after more particularly ex-prefTed ; (that is to fay) for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed,, and for or towards fea fervices in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed ; and for or towards building an hofpital near Portfmouth, and purchafing land on which the fame is to be erected, and the neceffary walling attending the fame, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five.

XIII.	And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty five thoufand five pounds, nine (hillings, -and ten pence, for the freight of tranfports, between the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, and the thirty firfi: day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirteen thoufand three hundred forty five pounds, feven (hillings, and feven pence halfpenny, for the expence of victuals provided for his Majefty’s land forces, between the firft day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and forty three, and the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

XIV.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, upon account, towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Gremivicb, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country.

XV.	And it is hereby alfo enacfted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two hundred fixty three thoufand four hundred thirty five pounds, fix (hillings, and one penny, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice, not provided for by parliament.

XVI.	And it is hereby likewife enacftcd, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there fhall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one million eight hundred feventy eight thoufand four hundred feventeen pounds, three (hillings, and ten pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of guards, garifons, and marines, and other fervices in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey, and for defraying the charge of twenty eight thoufand one hundred and feven effective men, commiffion and non-comrniffion officers,

in-

Hosted by Google

1745*1 Anno dedmo o&avo Georgii II. c. 22.	347

included, for the fervice of the war in Flanders, and for main- tiv^meum taining his Majefty’s forces and garifons in the plantations, Flari^ers> Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garifons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar^'Georgia^ and Rattan, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five and for or towards defraying the extraordinary charge of forrage, waggon money, and other expences, incurred or to be incurred, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty 57,9651. 9 s. • five; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty feven a d. halfpenny thoufand nine hundred fixty five pounds, nine (hillings, and *°r PayHa^ two pence halfpenny, for the allowance of eight weeks pay to nover trooPs* the troops of Hanover, for their return, computed from the twenty fifth day of Dece??iber, one thoufand feven hundred and o o j forty four, the time of their difeharge ; and any fum or fums of l"d° for 6000" money, not exceeding thirty two thoufand ninety four pounds, Dutch troops ten (hillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge of fix in Great Bri-thoufand Dutch troops, whilft in Great Britain, in the years one tain' thoufand feven hundred and forty three, and one thoufand feven hundred and forty four; and the fum of ten thoufand two hundred 10,2401. is. forty pounds,one (hilling, and a penny, for defraying the charge 1 d. for Dutch of the faid fix thoufand Dutch troops, during the time of their jf00Ps m continuance in his Majefty’s fervice in Flanders, in the year one * an ers* thoufand feven hundred and forty four; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty feven thoufand fix hundred and |7d%°rthinS# ten pounds, eighteen (hillings, and eight pence farthing, for the for pay Gf lS pay and forrage of the general and ftaff officers, and likewife for fraff officers the pay of the officers of the hofpital ferving with his Majefty’s in Flanders, forces in Flanders, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding eighty

five thoufand eight hundred forty feven pounds, four (hillings, 85>84.7*' 4 s.

,•	b	r 1 r . J	i-	r	1 od. forextra-

and nine pence, for defraying extraordinary expence of the ordinary extroops in Britifh pay which ferved in Flanders^ incurred in the pences of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, not provided for troops, by parliament; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding	is*

twenty three thoufand nine hundred fixty one pounds, two dangers*' half* (hillings, and eleven pence, for defraying charge of two troops ^allies, &c. of rangers, a highland company, boatmen, half galleys or tor Georgia, fchooners, for the fervice of Georgia, from the thirtieth day of . September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thoufand (even hundred 38,8391. iSs. and forty five ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding extraoriina^ thirty eight thoufand eight hundred thirty nine pounds, eighteen exigences of Y (hillings, and five pence halfpenny, for defraying extraordinary land forces, expences and fervices of his Majefty’s land forces in Great Britain’, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the plantations, incurred anno one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, not provided for by par- 26,7751. 15 s, liament; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty Jers half fix thoufand feven hundred feventy five pounds, fifteen (hillings, Cers ia and ten pence, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majefiys land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand

Hosted by Google

34-8 3864.1- for * penfions to reduced officers widows.

500,000 1. to make good engagements with the Queen of Hungary.

200,000 1. to the King of Sardinia.

100,0001. to the King of

Anno decimo odtavo Georgii II. c. 22.	[1745*

fand feven hundred and forty five, fubje£t to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as is herein after prefcribed concerning the fame 3 and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thoufand eight hundred and fixty four pounds, for paying of penfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines as died upon the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; which faid fum of three thoufand eight hundred and fixty four pounds, fhall be ifliied to fuch perfon or perfons, as his Majefty fhall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, diredl or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according to fuch eftablifh-ments, lifts, or other diredions, and with and fubjecft to fuch conditions, qualifications, or other allowances for the fame, as his Majefty, by fuch and the like warrant or warrants, fhall be gracioufiy pleafed to diredt and appoint.

XVII. And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there fhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, to make good his Majefty’s engagements with the Queen of Hungary, and to enable her to augment and increafe her army for the fupport of the houfe of Aujlria, and for carrying on the prefent war with vigour 3 and any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred thoufand pounds, to make good his Majefty’s engagements with the King of Sardinia, purfuant to treaty3 and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred thoufand pounds, to make good his Majefty’s engagements with the King of Po~ land, as elector of Saxony, purfuant to treaty 3 and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty four thoufand two hun-*

Pol an def eft or	ninety nine pounds, one (hilling, and four pence, to make

good his Majefty’s engagements with the eledlor of Cologne pur-

of Saxony. 24,299 1. 1 s.

4 d. to the Ele6tor of Co-logn.

8620 1. to the Elector of Mentz. 500,0001. for other treaties and fervices.

fuant to treaty 3 and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight thoufand fix hundred and twenty pounds, to make good his Majefty’s engagements with the eledor of Mentz, purfuant to treaty 3 and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, on account, to enable his Majefty to make good fuch other treaties, as are or fhall be made with, his Majefty’s allies, and for other fervices of the war, for the year one thoufand leven hundred and forty five.

XVIII. And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority afore ^ 50951. 8s. Ski. faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, fund	t^ere and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of

money not exceeding five thoufand ninety five pounds, eight (hillings, and ei^ht pence, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional (lamp duties at Ckriflmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three j and any fum or fums of money not exceeding

(lamp duties, ^743'

13>957 1- 19 *• zd. halfpenny

Hosted by Google

*745*1	Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c.22.	349

ceeding thirteen thoufand nine hundred fifty feven pounds nine- to the finking teen (hillings, and two pence halfpenny, to replace to the faid ^^/°ersduty finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good on weets* the deficiency of the duty of twelve (hillings a barrel on fweets, or wines made from Britifo or foreign fruit or fugar, at Michael-mas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four.

XIX.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That out of all or any 65,265 1. 13 s. the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may 5ed’niia)^‘r ^ be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ^ciency of the fixty five thoufand two hundred fixty five pounds, thirteen fhil- general fund, lings, and five pence halfpenny, for making good the deficiency 1744*

of the general fund for the year ended at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four; and any fum or fums i77j4.2i 1.18 s. of money not exceeding one hundred feventy feven thoufand 3d’half-four hundred twenty one pounds, eighteen (hillings, and three penny for depence halfpenny, to make good the deficiency of the grants for ^ciency °f the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty &^ants, 17 four. '	1

XX.	And be it enabled, That the faid aids or fupplies Supplies ap-provided as aforefaid (hall not be iffued or applied to any propriated. ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and pur-

pofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout by any adtor a6ts, or any particular claufe or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other a£l or adts of this prefent feffion of parliament.

XXI.	And as to the faid fum of twenty fix thoufand feven Rules for the hundred feventy five pounds, fifteen (hillings, and ten pence, application of by this adt appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforefaid ; it half'Pay*

is hereby enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules herein after prelcribed fhall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay. That no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced ; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adlual fervice in fome regiment troop or company 5 that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, fhall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay ; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refigned his commiffion, and has had no commiffion fince; that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been o-therwife intitled to the fame, as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately dif-banded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the efiablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXII.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the feven-

teenth

Hosted by Google

35°

i7 Geo. 2, c. 33.

The overplus of lalt year's half pay, to be applied to the compaf-Tonate lilt.

8	Annas, c. 9.

9	Annas, c. 21

Further time f0r payment of duties. for

Anno decimo odavo Georgii II. c. 22I	[1745;

teenth year of bis Majefty reign, intituled\ An ad for granting to his Majefty the fum of one million out of the finking fund ; and for applying a fum remaining in the exchequer, arifen by the coinage duty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and forty four; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, annuity oVders, and other orders loft, burnt, or otherwife de-ftroyed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contrads of clerks and apprentices, and to enable the reverfioners of certain annuities therein mentioned, to receive fuch annuities, if the fame fhall not be demanded within a certain time by the annuitants for life, until proof be made that fuch annuitants are living; feveral fupplies which had been granted to his Majefty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein exprejfed, among ft which, any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty one thoufand fix hundred and ninety five pounds, and twelve Jhillings, zuas appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majejlf s land forces and marines, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch rules to be ob-ferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as in and by the aforefaid aft ivere preferibed in that behalf; now it is-hereby provided, en-aded, and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid fum of thirty one thoufand fix hundred and ninety five pounds, and twelve (hillings, as is or (hall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers according to the rules by the faid ad preferibed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall or may be difpofed of to fuch officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others as by reafon of their Jong fervice, or otherwife, his Majefty (hall judge to be proper objeds of cha~ rity ; or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to. fuch warrant or warrants, under his Majefty’s royal fign manual, as (hall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this ad or' the faid former ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And ivhereas by two feveral aids of parliament made and ■ paffied in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of her late majefty fihieen Anne, certain rates and duties to be under the management of the commiffioners for the flamp duties, were charged and dir eft ed to be levied^ and continued, for or in refpeft of monies given, paid? or contractedfor, ivith clerks, apprentices or fervants, to be paid, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties, as in and by the faid feveral afts are r efp eft ively mentioned, exprejfed and provided: and ivhereas feveral perfons have, through negleft-or inadvertency^ omitted to pay the J'everal rates and duties payable in that behalf and to have the indentures or contracts fiamped within the times for thoj~e purpefes refpeft ively limited by the faid afts, whereby fuch clerks, apprentices or fervants, and their mafiers or miftreffies refpeft ively, have incurred > and may be fubjeft to feveral penalties, forfeitures, and dijabilities; it is therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That upon payment of the feveral rates

Hosted by

Google

1745*] Anno decrmo oftavoGEoRGii II. c. 22.

and duties fo omitted or neglected to be paid, as aforefaid, on or before the firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, to the perfon or perfons to whom the fame ought to be paid, purfuant to the faid ad; and upon tendering to be ftampt fuch indentures and contracts fo omitted to be fiampt at the fame time, or at any time before the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, the fame indentures or contracts fhall be good and available in law and equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatsoever $ and the clerks, apprentices or fervants therein named, (hall be capable of following and exercifing their refpedive intended trades or employments, as fully as if the rates and duties fo omitted, had been duly paid within the refpedive times, in the faid former ads, or either of them, limited and appointed ; and the perfons who have incurred any penalties, by the omiflions aforefaid, upon payment of fuch rates and duties, as aforefaid, within the time before limited, are hereby acquitted and dif-charged from the faid penalties ; any thing in the faid two former ads, or either of them, contained to the contrary npt-withftanding.

XXIV.	And for the better enforcing the payment of the rates and duties direded to be levied and paid by the faid former ads5 it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, if any mafter or miftrefs fhall negled to pay the faid rates and duties for clerks, apprentices or fervants, within the refpedive times, in and by the former ads limited and appointed in that behalf, according to the true intent and meaning of the fame, every fuch mafter and miftrefs (hall, for every fuch negled, forfeit and pay double the rates and duties charged and direded to be paid and levied by the faid former ads, or either of them (over and above all penalties and forfeitures thereby inflided) for all monies which fhall at any time or times, after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, be given, paid, contraded or agreed for, with or in relation to every fuch clerk,, apprentice or fervant; which faid penalties and forfeitures, direded to be levied by this prefent ad, fhall be paid by the faid mafters or miftreftes refpedively, and fhall be recovered, paid and applied, in fuch and the fame manner as any penalties and forfeitures, inflided by the faid former ads, or either of them, are thereby direded to be recovered, levied, paid or applied.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enaded, That if any mafter or-miftrefs of any fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant refpedively, fhall negled to pay the faid rates and duties fo charged by the faid former ads, or either of them, within the refpedive times therein limited in that behalf, whereby the penalties or forfeitures incurred by virtue of this ad, will become charged upon, and be payable by them refpedively; and any fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant refpedively, (hall, and do in that cafe pay,

or

35*

indentures, to Auguft r,

174.5 > and for itamping indentures to Sept,z9,1745.

Further penalties for not paying the faid duties $

how to be recovered.

Encouragement to clerks, apprentices, .See. to pay the duties on indentures, if not paid by mafters, &c.

Hosted by Google

352	Anno	decimo	o£tavo Georgii II. c. 23, 24.'	[1745;

or caufe to be paid, the rates and duties charged by the faid former acts, or either of them ; and alfo the penalties and for-* feitures indicated and incurred by this prefent act, at any time within one year after the fame (hall fo refpectively become charged, incurred, and made payable by virtue of this act, as aforelaid (fuch matter or mi lire fs not having then paid the faid rates, duties, penalties and forfeitures refpectively, although required by fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant fo to do) then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant, within three months after fuch payment of the faid rates, duties, penalties and forfeitures respectively, by him, her, or them, as aforefaid, to demand of his or her matter or miftrefs, or his, her or their executors or ad-miniftrators, fuch fum or fums of money, as was or were paid to fuch matter or miftrefs, for or in refpect of fuch clerkttiip, apprenticefhip or fervitude; and in cafe fuch fum or fums of money (hall not be paid within three months after fuch demand thereof made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant, to fue for and recover the fame, with full cofts of fuit, againft fuch matter or miftrefs, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfter, wherein no eftoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance 'fhall be allowed; and every fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant, (hall and may immediately after payment of fuch rates, duties, penalties and forfeitures as aforefaid, be difcharged from his, her or their clerkfhip, apprentice-ihip, and fervice refpectively; and from all actions, penalties, forfeitures and damages, for not ferving the time, for which he, (he or they were refpectively bound, contracted for, or agreed to ferve fuch matter or miftrefs refpectively.

Such clerks, XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted &c. to have anc| decked. That every fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant, fhall nefit aTtn cafe ava^ him or herlelf and have fuch and the fame benefit and of turning advantage of the time he or fhe (hall refpectively have conti-over.	nued with, and ferved fuch matter or miftrefs refpectively, as

he or fhe could or might have done, in cafe of any aftignment or turning over to any new or other matter or miftrefs.

CAP. XXIII.

An a<t to repair and widen the road leading from Godmanchefter in the county of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to the Firlt Rubbing Houfe on Newmarket Heath in the county of Cambridge.

Tolls granted for 21 years.

CAP. XXIV.

An a SI for	effeSiuallypreventing the exportation	of foreign

linens, under the denomination of Britifh or Irifh

ens.

WHEREAS by	reafon of the bounty or allowances granted on

the exportation of Britifh and Irifh	evil-minded

perfons

Hosted by Google

*74£*] Anno declmo o£tavo Gborgii II. c* 24?	353

perfons may fraudulently endeavour to- export linens of foreign fa-brick a?td manufacture^ and to receive the faid bounties or allowances for the fame, as if the fame were of the manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland : and whereas certain famps are required by law, to~ be put upon linens., made in that part of Great ^Britain called Scotland, and in Ireland, which may have been put on foreign linens, in order to vend them as linens of the manufacture of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or tf/'Ireland ; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, no damp mader or lapper in Scotland or Ireland, fhall any way mark, damp, or feal any linens whatfoever, until fuch Stamp matters damp mader or lapper fhall have taken an oath for the true^ttuIreIarii1 and faithful execution of his office, before one or more juftice^eex°erc^t^)11 or judices of the peace in Scotland and Ireland refpeCtively (which of their office, oath the faid judice or judices is and are hereby authorized and required to adminider) nor until after the owner or manufa&u- Linens to be rer of any linen brought to be marked or damped, fhall before beAvorato^ the damp mader of the place, next adjoining to the place of0pthe mantu abode of the owner or maker of fuch linen, take an oath (which fafture of oath the faid damp maders, feverally and refpeCtively, are here- Scotland or by authorized and required to adminider) that fuch linens de-Irelanc** fired to be marked or damped, and every part thereof, is and are really and truly of the manufacture of Scotland or Ireland, and of no other place.

... II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That Conditions of no bounty fhall be paid or allowed on the exportation of any paying a Britifb or Irijh linens, but on fuch only, at both ends of every bounty on piece whereof the name and place of abode of the manufacturer ^ens exPor^ or maker thereof, together with the year of our Lord, wherein the faid piece was manufactured or made; and alfo a number, denoting the order in which fuch piece was fo manufactured or made in fuch year, beginning with NQ I. and proceeding pro-greffively, according to the number of pieces made by fuch manufacturer or maker in each year; and alfo the name and place of abode of the exporter or feller thereof for exportation, fhall be feverally marked or damped in plain, diftinCt, and legible letters, figures, and words at length; and unlefs at the ends of every piece of fuch linen, there fhall be marked or damped in plain, diftinCt, and legible letters, words, and figures, the month and year when, and the name of the port at which fuch linens fhall be entered for exportation, claiming the bounty; and unlefs (except in the indance herein after mentioned) the ends of every fuch piece of linen, near which fuch marks or damps fhall be made, fhall be whole and entire, as the fame were when it was cut or taken out of the loom; any law or datute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; all Vol. XVIII.	A	a	which

.Hosted by Google

m

Pieces cut for

bleaching

Annodecimo oftavo GeoUgii II. C. 24.	(j74f*

■which marks or (lamps (hall be marked or {lamped with lamb-black and burnt oil, in a plain, legible, and durable manner.

-III. And whereas it is a frequent practice in Scotland, to cut a piece of linen after■ it is taken out of the loom into two or more pieces, for the purpofe of bleaching or whitening the fame, whereby one or more ef fuch pieces may not have the maker s or manufacturer s name made or fet thereon, as is herein before directed: for remedy where-of, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every piece' ^ref-nc^of a” °* c^ot^ intended t0 be out for the purpofe of bleaching of Sajnp matter •	{hall he fo cut in the prefence of the (lamp mafter of

’ the place next adjoining to the place of abode of the owner of fuch cloth, and each piece cut off, not having the manufacturer’s or maker’s name and place of-abode ftamped thereon, (hall be (tamped with the name and place of abode of the laid (tamp mafter, and with the name and place of abode of the manufacturer and maker thereof, together with the year of our Lord wherein the fame was fo bleached or whitened, which the (tamp mafter is hereby impowered and directed to (tamp thereon; and no bounty (hall be paid or allowed on exportation of any fuch cut piece of cloth that (hall not have the faid damps thereon : and if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and forty five, ftamp or mark any linens, or caufe or procure any linens to be (tamped or marked, contrary to all or any of the directions of this aCl, or (hall mark or ftamps or caufe or procure the fame to be marked or (tamped, with a mark or (tamp, exprefling the name or place of abode of any perfon or perfons, other than that of the real and true manufacturer or maker thereof, or exprefling an untrue deicription of the real and true manufacturer’s or maker’s place of abode, or of the year of our Lord in which fuch linen was manufactured, or of the order in which the fame was manufactured or made, or (hall wilfully mark or fet on any fuch linens any falfe or counterfeit ftamp, in imitation of the mark or ftamp ufed by any manufacturer or maker of Britijh or Irijh linens, or (hall wilfully or malicioufly cut off, obliterate, wadi, take out, or deftroy, or caufe or procure to be cut off, obliterated, wafhed, or taken out, or deftroyed, any ftamp or mark marked or ftamped on linen, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every piece of linen fo ftamped as aforefaid, to be fuecl for and recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflnnnjier, the court of feflion, court of judiciary, or court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any of his Majefly’s courts of record in Dublin refpeCtively, wherein no efloin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed • and one moiety of the faid penalties (hall be to the life of the King’s majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as will fue or profecute for the fame.

IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon (hall make or affix, or caufe or procure to be made or affixed, on any linens of foreign manufacture or fa-

bricky

iio bounty without fuch ftamps :

Penalty on falfe (lamps :

©? on taking ©ut (lamps:

51. for each fiece.

Penalty of ifimping foreign linens

Hosted by Google

1745*]	Anno decimo o£tavo GeougiI II. c. 24;	.* .355

brick, imported into Great Britain or Ireland, any of the mark^as'.^ritifh or or ftamps required by law to be put on linens of the manufac**4^* ture of Scotland or Ireland, or fhaJl make or affix, or cauie or procure to be made or affixed, on any fuch foreign linens, any of the marks or ftamps hereby required to be marked or ftamped upon linens of the manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, or ihall make or affix, or caufe or procure to be made of affixed, on any fuch foreign linens, any mark or fbmp, marks or ftamps, in imitation of any of the faid marks or ftamps hereby, or by any other law or laws nowin force, required to be marked or ftamped on Britijh or Irifh linens; fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted, fhall ftand on the pillory To franc! m during the fpace of one hour in the forenoon, and alfo be pu- the pillory nifhed by fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or by imprifonment an<j* for any time not exceeding twelve months, at the diforetion of p°ifoneci the court before whom fuch offender (hall be convicted: and if months, any perfon fhall, after the faid twenty fourth day of June,-one pen„jt ore^„ thoufand feven hundred and forty five, fell, or expofe to fale, porting fo-or pack up for fale, or enter for exportation, any foreign linens reign linens marked or ftamped with all or any of the marks or ftamps here- tamped a$ by, or by any other law now in force, required to be marked	or

©r ftamped upon linens of the manufacture of Great Britain or -Ireland, knowing fuch linen to be foreign, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted, fhall forfeit the faid linens, and the fum of five pounds for each piece thereof fo t0 forfeit the fold, expofed to fale, or packed up for fale, or entered for ex- I]^ren^“d portation, as aforefaid, to be fued for and recovered, by bill, Per Piece V plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler, the court of feffion, court of jufticiary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, or in any of his Majefty/s courts of record in Dublin reflectively, wherein noefioin, privilege, wager In cafe of a of law, or more than one imparlance, Ihall be allowed; and	q

one moiety of the faid penalties Ihall be to the ufe of the King’s nen3" ge 'f0q majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch reign; the perfon or perfons as will foe or profecute for the fame: and in Onus probanM cafe it fliall be made a queftion, Whether fuch linens are of the	*

manufacture or fabrick of Great Britain or Ireland, or of any L foreign country; in fuch cafe the Onus probandi thereof Ihall lie upon the claimer of fuch linen, or the defendant in fuch action or fuit.

V.	Provided always* and k is hereby declared, That nothing Method of . herein contained (hall extend to vary or alter the method of ftamping-ftamping of linens of the manufacture of Ireland or Scotland, by t0 a 9 virtue of any law or laws now in force relating thereto; but that, befides the marks or ftamps herein before mentioned, all fuch linens fhall be marked and ftamped in the fame manner a$ ttie fame.ought to have been if this ad had not been made.

A 3 a

CAP,

See 20 Geo.

2. C. }6.

356	Anno	decimo o&avo Georg 11II. c. 25.	[1745,

CAP. XXV.

S for allowing certain additional bounties on the exportation of Britifh and Irifh linnens.

WHEREAS the manufactures of linens,	zVz ^

do ms of Great Britain and Ireland, are of late years greatly improved and increafed, whereby the price of linens, as well of foreign as of home fabrick, hath been conftderably reduced ; tf/zi there is reafoti to believe, that the faid manufactures of linen would be greatly improved, <27/^ the exportation thereof to foreign parts conftderably in-creafed, //' tf/z additional bounty were allowed on all Britifh jzzi Irifh linens exported,	/;	herein	after	mentioned; Therefore may it

pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of Further boun- die fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of Juney ty of a half- one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, there fhall be allow-penny per ed, over and above the bounty or allowance already given, a ens^f value" ^urt^er bounty of one halfpenny for every yard of Britifh or from sd.to	hnens made of hemp or flax, of the value of five pence

12d. per yard 5 per yard, and not exceeding«the value of twelve pence per yard ; and id. half- and a bounty of three halfpennies for every yard of fuch Britifh

?ronwsC:toYs*'ai^ ^r'l^} ^nens’ ab°ve the value of twelve pence per yard,

1	‘	‘ and not exceeding the value of one (hilling and fixpence per yard,

which between the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and the twenty fifth day of March, which will be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next feflion of parliament, fhall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Portugal, Gibraltar, or the ifland of Minorca, or which (hall be exported to Spain from and after the time that it (hall be lawful to export fuch linens to that kingdom, the fame to be given and paid out of the money that hath arifen, or fhall arife, by an adt of the fifteenth and fixteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aCt for granting to his Majefty an additional duty on foreign cambricks im-i ported into Great Britain, and for allowing thereout a bounty upon certain fpecies tf/'Britifh and Irifh linens exported.

Linens export- II. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ed to Gibral- That Britifh or Irijh linens of the refpedtive values mentioned in the faid adt of the fifteenth and fixteenth years of his prefent Mar jetty’s reign, which (hall be exported out of Great Britain to Gibraltar, or the ifland of Minorca, (hall be intitled to the bounties and allowance thereby given on the exportation of the like fpeeies of linens to Africa, America, Portugal, or Spain y refpec-tively.

III. Provided always, That the exporter or feller for exportation of fuch Britifh and Irifh linens fhall, in his entry thereof, exprefs the quantity and value, and likewife indorfe, on the coc-quet granted upon fuch entry, the true quantity and value of

the

6d.

to be exported from June 1745> to March 25, 1750, &c.

15 & 16 Geo. 2. c. 29.

tar or Minorca intitled to like bounties.

Premia.

Hosted by Google

1745*] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II, c. 25.	357

*hefaid linens intended to be (hipt; and moreover fhall, before he receives any fuch bounty, produce a certificate from the Conditions of fearcher or other proper officer appointed to fee the fame (hip -ped, verifying the (hipping thereof; and fhall likewife give Efficient fecurity to the colledor or cuftomer of the port, in the penalty of double the value of the goods intended to be exported, and one hundred pounds; which fecurity they are hereby impowered to take in the name, and to the ufe of his Majefty his heirs and fucceflors, that fuch linen fo (hipped, or intended to be (hipped, or any part thereof, (hall not be relanded or brought on fhore again in any port or part of Great Britain, Ire-land, or the Ifle of Man \ and (hall alfo, before he receives any fuch bounty, make oath, or being a Quaker a folemn affirmation ('which oath or affirmation the proper officers of the cuftorns have hereby power to adminifter) of the refpedive values of fuch linens upon which the faid bounties refpedively are granted, and that the fame were made in Great Britain or Ireland,

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority Nojrifh linen aforefaid, That no linen of the manufadure of Ireland, to be ex- t^lt^ ported from Great Britain, (hall be intitled to the bounty; but of^mTref^ fuch as (hall be, at the time of fuch exportation, the property of dent in Great a perfon or perfons redding in Great Britain, or in fome of his Britain or Majefty’s colonies or plantations in Atnerica, of which the ex- America, porter or feller for exportation of fuch Irijh linen is hereby required to make oath (or being of the people called g)uakers> a

folemn affirmation) which oath or affirmation the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms have hereby power to adminifter.

V.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this ad contained fhall No ftriped, extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give any bounty on any chequered, linens that are ftriped or chequered, or made into buckrams or .lnens en~ tilletings.

VI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded, That no linens nor lefs than (hall be intitled to any of the bounties given by this or the faid

former ad, which fhall not be of the breadth of twenty fix in- roa ches, or upwards.

VII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the Species of fpecies of Irijh linen made of flax and hemp, whereof the piece Iri^»

or bolt contains thirty eight yards in length, and twenty four in- ens exc u e ches in breadth, and cloths of different lengths and breadths in proportion, from number one, to number ten incluftve, which fhall weigh fifteen pounds weight, or upwards, to forty pounds weight, as the fame is defcribed in an ad made in the ninth year 9Geo.*.c. 37* of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the further encouraging and regulating the manufafture of Britilh fail cloth^ and for the more effeftual fecuring the duties now payable on foreign fail cloth imported into this kingdom; (hall not be intitled to any bounty or reward by virtue or in confequence of this ad; any thing in this or any former ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- Linens reland-faid, That if any Britijh or Irijh linens, for which the bounty ed; to be tor-

A a 3	(hall

358	Anno	decimo	o£tavo	Georgii II. c. 25.'	[174^

feited, and id, {hall have been given or claimed, (hall be relanded in Great per yard. Britain, Ireland or the Ijle of Man, the fame fhall be forfeited, and every perfon concerned in bringing back or relanding the fame, fhall forfeit twelve pence for every yard fo brought back or relanded.

Means to pre- IX. And to prevent linens exceeding the value of eighteen vent linens pence per yard, being exported for the fake of the bounty, be it exceeding ^ further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the colledlor isd. per yam, ancj comptroller, or other proper officers of the cuftoms, may €d;irP°r ** open, view, and examine any or all fuch linens, as fhall be en-. tered at the value of eighteen pence per yard, or under, and compare the fame with the value and price thereof, fworn to, or affirmed in the entry and indorfement on the cocquet ; and if, upon fuch view and examination, it fhall appear, that all or any pieces of fuch linen are of greater value than eighteen pence per yard, then, and in fuch cafe, the exporter or feller, of fuch goods for exportation fhall, on demand made in writing by thq cuftomer or collector, and comptroller of the port where fuch goods and merchandizes are entered, deliver or caufe to be delivered, fo many pieces of fuch linen as fhall be demanded by the laid officer, into his MajeftyV warehoufe at the port of exportation, for the ufe and benefit of the crown ; and upon fuch delivery,- the cuftomer or collector of fuch port, with the privity of the comptroller, fhall, out of any money in the hands of fuch cuftomer, or colledtor, arifing by cuftoms or other duties belonging to the crown ; pay to fuch exporter, or feller for exportation, the value of nineteen pence per yard, taking a receipt for the fame from fuch exporter or feller for exportation, in full fatisfadion for the faid goods, as if they had been regularly *9<L per yard fold; and the refpedive commiffioners of the cuftoms fhalj ex ^rter^for6 cau^e t^e goods to be fairly and publickly fold for the i'uch'liriens.01" ^fi advantage, and out of the produce thereof, the money fo paid or advanced as aforefaid, (hall be repaid to fuch cuftomer or collector, with the privity of the comptroller, to be replaced to fuch funds from whence the lame was borrowed, and the overplus (if any) fhall be paid into his Majefty’s exchequer, towards the finking fund, by the title of The additional du~ Linens r^fufed A on cam^r'lc^s* And in cafe the exporter or feller for exporta-at that price, tion of fuch linens (hall, on demand made in writing by the cuftomer or collector, and comptroller of the port where fuch linens are entered for exportation, refufe to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, all or any of fuch linens, into his Majefty’s warehoufe at the port of exportation, for the ufe and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the faid officers of the cuftoms at the faid port, the value of nineteen pence per yard for fuch linens, in full fatisfacftion for the?fame ; or if fuch linens Ihall be or lefs in Ms in quantity, than fhall be expreffed in the faid indorfement quantify than on the laid entry or cocquet, or if the fame fhall be entered and entered, or indorfed under a wrong denomination, then, and in every fuch a wror^ deno1 ca^e, Mh linens which fhallrbe'fo refufed to be delivered, or Donation, for- which Ihall appear to be lefs in quantity than expreffed in fuch feited.	'	indorfe-

Hosted by Google

359

1745’] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. C. 25.

indorfement, or entered and indorfed under a wrong denomination* (hallbe forfeited and loft* and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms.

X. And in order to prevent abufes, by exporting linens ^ revent which (hall be under the value of five pence per yard* when the fr^uds inob-exporter or Teller (ball* in his entry and indorsement on his coc- taining boun* quet, exprefs, that the value thereof is five pence, or upwards, ties. per yard, in order fraudulently to obtain ,a bounty of one penny, inftead of a halfpenny, per yard, or under the value of fix pence per yard, when the exporter or feller for exportation (hall exprefs the value thereof to be fix pence, or upwards, per yard, in order fraudulently to obtain a bounty of three halfpence, inftead of one penny, per yard ; be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it Shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer may fearcher, or other proper officer, after the entry of any of the^mme ^ faid goods, and before and after the (hipping thereof, to open, p and ftriCtly examine, any bal»e, trufs, cheft, or other package, to fee if the goods are rightly entered and indorfed on the cocquet ; and if, on fuch examination, the fame fhall be found to be right entered and indorfed, the fearcher fhall, at his own charge, caufe the fame to be repacked ; which charge fhall be allowed to the faid officer by the commiffioners of the cuftoms, if they think it reafonable ; but in cafe the officer (hall, on examination, find fuch goods to be lefs in quantity than (hall be exprefied in the indorfement in the exporter's or feller’s entry or pocquet, or (hall find any part thereof to be under the value .exprefied in the indorfement on fuch entry or cocquet, or that quantity, or the goods fhall be entered and indorfed under a wrong denomi- under the variation, or that the fame are not of the manufacture of Great lue, or undej? Britain or Ireland, whereby his Majefty would have been de- no^nafion* frauded, all the goods contained^ in all and every the package, t0be forfeited* or packages indorfed on the faid entry or cocquet, may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and the fame fhall be forfeited and loft, and the owner or merchant (hall lofe the be-nei(it of receiving the bounty for fuch goods,

XI. And whereas, in many ports of the kingdom of Great Bri- provifion tain, from which Britifh or Irifh linens may he exported, there may made for a not he fo much collected and received by the additional duty on cam- deficiency in bricks, granted by the faid aid made in the fifteenth and fixteetithyears ^ambricks^at of his prefent Majefiy s reign, as may he fujficient to pay the bounty certain ports j allowed by this and the faid former alt, whereby the exporter5, or fellers for exportation*, at finch ports, camiothave the benefit of the faid bounty ; for remedy thereof, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if any of the collectors of the cuftoms in any of the out-ports in South Britainl or of any port in North Britain, fhall not have fufficient money in his hands, arifing by the faid additional duty, to latisfy and pay fuch bounty which fhall be due to any exporter, or feller for exportation, of Britifi) or Irif linens as aforefaid, that then fuch collector of any of the faid out- coj|e(q0r ports in South Britain, (hall, (if required) give to the perfon in- give acertifi-titled to fuch bounty, a certificate, without fee or reward, un-cate*

A a 4	der

certifying the deficiency to the commif-fioners of cuftoms at London or Edinburgh,

360	Anno	decimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 25.	1*745*

der his hand, attefted by the comptroller, of what is due to fuch perfon for fuch Britijb or Irijb linen fo exported, from any fuch port in South Britain> certifying to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at Lo?idon> that he hath not money in his hands, arifen from the duties granted by the faid adt, fufficient to pay the fame; and fuch colledlor of any port in North Bri-tain^ (hall like wife, (if required) give to the perfon demanding fuch fum or fums of money, lawfully authorized, without fee, or reward, a certificate under his hand, to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at Edinburgh, of what is due to fuch perfon, for the bounty of the Britijb linens exported from any fuch port in North Britain ; and upon producing fuch certificate and the debenture of the linens exported, to the commiffioners there, they are hereby required, Jn cafe there be any money in the hands of the receiver general, or cafhier of the cuftoms there, arifing by the duties granted by the faid a61, to pay or caufe to be paid to the perfon producing fuch certificate and debenture, being authorized as aforefaid, the fum or fums of money fo certified ; and if they have not fufficient to pay fuch fum or fums of money, they (hall forthwith, without fee or reward, give fuch exporter, or feller for exportation, a certificate, certifying the fame to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London; which refpecftive certificates being affixed to the debentures, for the bounty of the faid linens fo exported, and being produced to the faid commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London, they the faid commiffioners are hereby authorized and required on demand, by the perfon authorized as aforefaid, that {hall bring the fame, to caufe the monies thereby due, to be paid by the receiver general, or cafhier of the cuftoms, without fee, or re-t» be paid out war(** out	monies	as	fhall	be in his hands, arifing out

the dimes of the duties granted by the faid a6l of the fifteenth and fix-teenth years of his Majefty’s reign, for the payment of the faid bounty ; and in cafe fuch receiver or cafhier (hall not have money in his hands fufficient for paying the whole of fuch fum or fums of money fo certified as aforefaid, he is hereby authorized and required to pay the fame, fo far as the money in his hands will then go, and the remainder, from time to time, as the money arifing by the duties granted by virtue of the faid a61, (hall be by him received ; and he is alfo hereby required to obferve 3. clue courfe of paying luch debentures, in the order of time which they {hall be produced or prefented to the commiffioners of the Debentures to cuftoms, who {hall caufe fuch debentures to be numbered probe numbered. greffively, as they {hall be prefented to them, or to the officer or officers appointed by them to receive the fame.

XII.	And it is hereby further ena6led by the authority afore^ faid, That all bonds taken or to be taken, and all debentures made or to be made, purfuant to this a6I, {hall not be chargeable with any of the duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, or paper ; any law or ftatute made or to be made to the contrary nctwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further epafled by the authoritv aforefaid.

That

ct the duties granted by 15 Geo. 2. c. 29.

Bonds and debentures exempt from duties

Hosted by Google

1745-] Anno dccimo ofkavo Georgii II. c.^6.	361

That if any perfon (hall falfely make any oath or affirmation. Penalty of by this ad directed to be made, and fhall thereof be legally con-vided in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, prifonment fuch perfon fo guilty, fhall forfeit the fum of two hundred 12 months, pounds, and be imprifoned for twelve months.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afprefaid, Penalties how That the feveral penalties and forfeitures in this ad mentioned, to bedeter-fhall and may be profecuted and determined by bill, plaint, or mined, information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlmin*

Jler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively, wherein no efloin, protedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed; and one moiety of the faid penalties and forfeitures fhall be to the ufe of the King’s majef-ty, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as will fue for or profecute the fame ; and in cafe in any fuch fuit, it fhall be made a queftion, whether any fuch linens are of the manufacture or fabrick of Great Britain or Ireland, or of any foreign Onus proband country, in fuch cafe the onus probandi thereof lhall lie upon the on the ex-exporter or feller thereof for exportation.	porter.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any adion or fuit fhall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, the defendant or defendants in any fuch adion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evi- General iflue. dence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the aythority of this ad ; and if it fhall appear fo to have been done, the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his adion, after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if judgment fhall be given upon any ver-did or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like re- Treble coils, medy for the fame as any defendant or defendants have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for repealing the prefent inland duty of four foillings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majefiy certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of excife \ and for purfuing offenders out of one county into another.

May it pleafe your mojl excellent Majejly,

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the I0 Geo. 1.

tenth year of the reign of his late majejly king George the c. 10.

Firjl of glorious memory (intituled, An ad for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate, and cocoa pafte imported, and for granting certain iplaqd dutie.s in lieu thereof, and for prphijafting the importation

Hosted by Google

3$2	Aitno decimo odtavo Georgii II. e. 26.	[1745;

iion of chocolate ready made, and cocoa pafte; and for better afcertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts imported ; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell late earl of

CarnwQih) an inland duty, after the rate of four Jhillings per pound weight averdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or leffer quantity? zvas impofed and charged upon all tea to be fold in Great Britain, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, One thoufand feven hujidred and tivcnty four, over and above all cuflomsi fubfniies, and duties, ivhich Jhould then remain payable to his Majefty for the fame, upon importation thereof to be paid in manner as in the faid act is directed: and zvhereas great frauds and abufes have been committed by the clandejline importation of tea from parts beyond the feas> as alfo by fraudulent, relanding thereof (after the fame hath been exported from this kingdom to foreign parts, and the duties thereupon drazvn back) without paying any duties for fuch tea, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the feveral alls of parliament relating to ■ the faid duties, and to the manifeft prejudice of the fair traders in the faid commodity : for remedy whereof, and for the greater dif-couragement of the pernicious and illegal practices of unlawfully importing and clandeftinely running and landing of tea, and alfo for the more effectual fecuring to your Majeffy a revenue to arife by the duties thereupon; we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjebts, the commons of Great Britain in par-? liament affembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majelty, that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Duty of 4s. affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and b^io^GeV6!* a^ter t^e twenty f°urth day °f Jtine^ one thoufand feven hundred cJio! to ceaff. anc^ f°rty five, the inland duty of four (hillings per pound upon tea, granted by the before recited abt of the tenth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Firft, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any thing in the faid abt to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, in lieu of the faid duty by this abt repealed asaforefaid, the inland duties herein after mentioned, (hall be and are by this a eft charged qpon ^11 tea, which fhall from thenceforth be fold in Great Britain, in manner herein after mentioned; (that is to fay) one (hilling per pound is. per lb. and weight averdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or leffer *5b P^rtCj^’ quantity, and alfo a further duty of twenty five pounds for every price°on all one hundred pounds of the grofs price at which fuch tea (hall teas fold by be fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants the Eaft India of England trading to the Eafl Indies, and proportionably for a company; greater or leffer furn, over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties payable to his Majefty for the fame upon the importation when to be thereof; which faid feveral duties of one (hilling per pound paid.	weight, and twenty five pounds per centum, (l%all be paid down

in ready money by the proprietor or proprietors of fuch tea, or

fucl^

363

1745.] Anno decimo o6lavo Georgii IT. c.26.

fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed by him, her, or them, to the receiver or colleftor of the faid inland duties, before fuch proprietor or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons, fhall receive or take out, for any purpole whatfoever, fuch tea from the warehoufe or warehoufes, wherein the fame is appointed to be lodged by the before recited aft of the tenth year of the reign of his faid late Majeftv, according to the directions of of the faid aft, concerning tea taken out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes.

III.	And for the better afcertaining, charging, collecting, levying, raifing, paying, and fecuring the feveral rates and duties by this aft impofed, and for preventing frauds concerning the fame; be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Commiflioners fuch commiflioners, or perfons as now are appointed, or here- appointed in after fhall be appointed, in purfuance of the faid aCt of the tenth pursuance of year of the reign of his late majePcy King George the Firft, fhall Jhal^be^orn-"' be his Majefty's commiflioners for the receipt and management miflioners for of the faid inland duties by this aCt charged and impofed upon the duties by tea as aforefaid, and that all and every the powers, authorities, thisa&j directions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things (not otherwife altered by this aft) which in and with like pow-by the faid recited aft are provided, fettled, or eftablilhed, for ers, Scc. raifing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, or afcertaining the faid duty of four (hillings per pound weight upon tea thereby granted, or by any other aft concerning the duty

upon tea, fhall be exercifed, praftifed, applied, ufed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the raifing, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying the duties by this aft granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enaCted, in the body of this pre-fent aft; any thing in this or any former aCt to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted by the autho- p>ut;es appn> rity aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of priated to the June^ one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, all monies fame ufes as arifing by the faid inland duties by this aCt charged and impofed, the 4s. per lb* fhall be appropriated, iffued, and applied, and the fame are

hereby appropriated and made payable to the fame ufes, intents, and purpoles, as the duty of four {hillings per pound upon tea was appropriated and made applicable, by the faid aft of the tenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and (hall be alfo lubjeft and liable to the fame redemption by parliament, as the faid duty of four (hillings per pound was by the faid aft fubjeft and liable unto.

V.	And whereas by feveral adds of parliament now in force, feveral drawbacks or allowances are directed to be paid upon the exportation of tea, which have tempted many exporters thereof to commit great frauds and abufes, to the prejudice of his Majeffs revenue, and the fair traders: for remedy whereof, be it enaCted by the

autho-

Hosted by GoOglC

No drawback for tea exported.

364	Anno	decimo	o£tavo Georgii II. c. 26.	[1745-

authority aforefaid, That no drawback whatfoever (hall be allowed or paid for any tea which fhall be exported, or (hipped to be exported at any time or times after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and that no debenture or certificate fhall be granted or made forth, for or in order to the repayment or drawing back of the duties upon any fuch tea fo exported, or (hipped to be exported, after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, but fuch drawback or repayment fhall from thenceforth ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid; any law, fiatute, or provifion to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

Means to pre- VI. And f°r preventing any difputes that may arife touch-vent difputes hag the price at which teas fhall be fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners who are or fhall be appointed for the management of the faid inland duties, or the major part of them for the time being, fhall have power to conftitute, under their hands and feals, fuch and fo many officers as they fhall find needful for tend the fales attending the faid publick fales, and take an account of the names of tea, and Gf the feveral buyers, and price at which each and every lot of

r<nce on^oath •tea	an^	t^ereo^	returns or reports in

price on oa , writing^ upon oath, to the faid commiffioners; and from fuch re^

ports or returns the charge of the faid duty of twenty five pounds per centum upon the grofs price of tea impofed by this a<5l fhall be fettled and afcertained: and for the preventing miftakes, and better regulating fuch charge, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch officer or officers, at any time or times, upon requeft made to the court of directors of the faid company, to infped all and every . a. fuch book or books as fhall be appointed and kept for taking an the company's account in behalf of the faid company, of the particular price books.	and prices that tea fhall from time to time be fold for at their

feveral publick fales; which book or books the faid court of directors is hereby required, from time to time, to produce to fuch officer or officers fo demanding the fame.

touching the price.

Officers to at-

VII.	And zubereas many per Jons do frequently, at fales for tea, by the faid united company, bid for, and are declared beft bidders, for large quantities of tea, without intending or being able to pay for the fame, unlefs fuch tea Jhould after fuch fales rife in price, by means zu here of, the prices of tea are frequently raifed, and the running of tea will be fill encouraged; for remedy whereof, be it en-Beft bidder to ac^e<^ by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who (hall at depofit 4.0s. any publick fale of tea, made by the faid united company, be for every tub declared to be the beft bidder or bidders for any lot or lots of tea, and cheft m 3 within three days after being fo declared the beft bidder or bidders for the fame, depofit with the faid united company, or fuch clerk or officer as the faid company (ball appoint to receive the fame, forty fhillings for every tub, and for every cheft of tea; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons fhall refufe or neglect tp jnake fuch depofit within the time before limited, he, (he, or they

(hall

Hosted by Google

1745*1 Anno decimo o<5tavoGeorgii II. c. 26.	365

fhall forfeit and lofe fix times the value of fuch depofit, directed ^ forfe-lt 6 to be made as aforefaid, to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, times t^e plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record value of the at TVefminfer, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, faid depofit, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed, one moiety of which forfeiture (hall go to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccetfors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon as fhall fue or profecute for the fame; and the fale of all teas, for which fuch depofit fhall be neglebted to be made as aforefaid, is hereby declared to be xhe teas to be null and void; and all fuch teas fhall be again put up by the faid put up again united company to publick fale, within fourteen days after the in Hdays« end of the fale of teas, at which fuch teas were fold; and all and every buyer or buyers, who fhall have neglected to make fuch depofit as aforefaid, fhall be, and is, and are hereby rendered incapable of bidding for, or buying any teas at any future pub-lick fale of the faid united company.

VIII.	And whereas the feveral dealers in tea, and other traders, fubjet7 to the furvey of the officers appointed by the commiffiioners of ex rife y are required by the laivs concerning the duties of excife, and other duties under the management of the faid commiffiioners, to make true and particular entries of Jhops, warehoufes, rooms, places, and utenffis, by them made ufe of for carrying on their refpedlive trades ; and whereas many perfons^ in order to avoid fuch penalties as they may incur by offences committed againjl the faid laws, have of late frequently made,' or procured to be made, fuch entries in fiftitious names, or in the names of mean and obfcure perfons y of little or no ability or fubfancey and ivho have little or no interejl or property in the flock of fuch trades; and ivhereas many fuch tradersy being the real proprietors and owners of fuch Jhops, and other places, and who generally attend in fuch Jhops, and carry on their refpeftive trades therey pretend to be only fervants or managers to fuch f fiitious or obfcure perjcnsy and do refufe to difcover the places of ref deuce of fuch perfons, in whofe names fuch entries have been madey whereby great frauds pafs unpunijhed; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid Means to pretwenty fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and vent frauds forty five, any entry now made, or hereafter to be made, of nai^lU°US any fhop, warehoufe, room, place, or utenfil, to be made ufe of for carrying on any the trade or trades aforefaid, fhall not be deemed or taken to be a legal entry, unlefs the fame be made in the name of the true and real owner or owners of, and trader and traders in fuch fhop or place; and that the perfon or perfons Perfon a£ting who fhall a<51 as vifible owner, occupier or proprietor, owners, deem^thc occupiers or proprietors of any fuch fhop or place whatfoever, real owneru or principal manager or managers in the carrying on fuch trade there, fhall be deemed and taken to be the real owner and trader, owners and traders, and (hall be fubjeft and liable, as fuch, to all duties, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by any a£t relating to the duties of excife, or any other duty under the management of the faid commiflioners, for or by reafonof any flock, goods, or commodities made, kept or found there, or for not z	making

Hosted by Google

g 66

Anno decimo oftavO GeoRGII II. c. 26.

[1745;

making true and particular entries of fuch fhops, places or u-tenfils, according to law, or for any other offences committed, or that (hall be committed by the owners, traders, dealers in, or makers of any fuch goods or commodities of, at, or in fuch Goods, &c. fhops or places5 and that all flock, goods, commodities, and foundinplaces utenfils, which fhall be found in or upon fuch fhops or places* of trade, tub- fhall be fubjeCt to, and charged with all fuch duties, penalties, »ea-	and forfeitures.	.

IX.	And ivbereas feveral quantities of tea, which have already been, or may be fold at the publick fates by the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, may happen to be and remain on the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, in fGme one or more of the warehoufes, soGeo.t. c.io. appointed in purfuance of the faid atl of the tenth year of the reign of his faid late majefy King George the Firf, it is therefore pro-Teas fold, and vided, ena&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all th™ware§ m	teas W^*1C^ have been fold, or fhall be fold before the faid

houfes liable. twentY fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty live, and which neverthelefs fhall remain and be found in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes on the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, fhall be liable to, and be charged with the aforefaid duties of one (hilling per pound weight, and twenty five pounds per centum upon the grofs - price of all teas taken out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes; Means of af- ancj for afcertaining and adjufling the faid duty of twenty five dut^of^f1C Poundsy^r centum on the grofs price, the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, fhall and are hereby required to lay before the faid commiflioners, for the faid inland duties by this act granted, a lift of the names of the per-fons to whom the teas, remaining in any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes on the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, were fold, together with the prices at which the fame were fold at the faid company’s publick fale; and that the faid united company are hereby alfo required to per-.mit the officer or officers, for the duties by this aCt granted* who fhall be appointed to attend the publick fales of the faid united company as aforefaid, upon requeft to the court of directors of the faid company, to infpeCt all and every their book and books, containing the names of the feveral perfons, to whom any tea remaining in any fuch warehoufe on the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and forty five* were fold, and the particular price or prices at which the fame were fold; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

X.	And whereas it may happen, that the tea imported by the faid imited company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, may not alvaays be fuff dent to anfwer the confumption thereof in Great Britain, and to keep the price of tea in this kingdom upon an equality with the price thereof in other the neighbouring countries of Europe; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That import1 team every	ca^e* and maJ lawful for the faid united

r *	com-

per cent.

Eaft Tmfia

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

i745-] Anno decimo o£lavo Georgii II.	367

company of merchants of England trading; to the Eafl Indies, and r

1 j	o	o ^ j	'	from 3.Hv o^irrs

their fucceffors, to import into Great Britain, in Britifb fhips Eur0pe, navigated according to law, fuch quantities of tea as they fhall fubje£t to the think neceftary from any parts of Europe, fubje6l to the feveral duties, duties payable for tea confumed in Great Britain, and alfo to the fame rules, methods and directions, as are prefcribed and given with refpedt to tea imported by them from the Eaji Indies, fo as notice be firft given to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s trea-fury, or the high treafurer for the time being, of the quantity of tea fo intended to be imported, with the name of the fhip and matter, or commander, in which the fame is to be laden, and taking.a 11-taking a licence under the. hands of the faid committioners of cence from the the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the faid high trealury. treafurer for the time being, for the lading and importing thereof as aforefaid, which licences they are hereby authorized and impowered to grant to the faid company without any fee or re-ward^ or any other charge; any law, ufage or cuttom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the au- Compartyneg-thority aforefaid, That if the faid united company of merchants le&ing tofup-of England trading to the Eaft Indies, (hall at any time neglectt to P]y tiie mark-keep this ma^cet fupplied with a fufficient quantity of tea, at et 5 reasonable prices, to anfwer the confumption thereof in Great

Britain, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid committioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the faid high treafurer for the time being, to grant licences to any other Licences may perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to be granted to import tea into Great Britain, from any parts of Europe, in fuch others* and the like manner, and fubjeett to fuch duties, and under fuch reftriettions and limitations, and upon fuch notices, and with fuch licences, as are herein before prefcribed and diredled, with refpetft to tea to be imported from any parts of Europe, by the faid united company of merchants of E?igland trading to the EaJl Indies; any thing in this or any former aeft or a£ls of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the au- Tea ;mp0rtec$

thority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth fromany parts day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, all tea of Europe, imported into Great Britain, from any parts of Europe, by the	Ihc

faid united company of merchants of England trading to the iut> ldies> c c' EaJl Indies, or by any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate (to be licenfed as aforefaid) fhall be entered at the cu-ftom-houfe, and fhall pay or fecure the feveral fubfidies, and additional impofitions, now chargeable upon all tea imported by

the faid company from the EaJl Indies; and all tea fo to be imported by the faid united company, from any parts of Europe as aforefaid, fhall be forthwith carried and put into fuch warehoufe and be put in-or warehoufes, as are now made ufe of by the faid united com- to warehoufes. pany, for the receiving tea imported by them from the EaJl In-dies, or fuch others, as they fhall provide for that purpofe, to be approved by the committioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or-the 6	majo£

Hosted by Google

368	Anno declmo o£lavo GfioRGii II. c.26.	£1745*

major part of them for the time being, and fhall not be taken out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, until fuch tea fhall bo fold at the publick Tales of the faid united company, and the fe-Veral duties charged thereupon by this a6l (hall be paid; and all tea imported from any parts of Europe, by any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate (to be licenfed as aforefaid) fhall alfo be forthwith carried or put into fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, as fhall be provided for that purpofe, at the charge of the refpecftive importer or importers of fuch tea, to be alfo approved by the faid commiflioners of his Majefly’s cuftoms, or the major part of them for the time being, and fhall not betaken out thence upon any account whatfoever, until the fame fhall be publickly fold by fuch perfon or perfons, or bodies Six days no- politick or corporate (of which fale or Tales, fix days notice fhall tice ot Tales of be given in the London Gazette) and the inland duties charged tea to be giv- thereupon by this a6t, fhall be paid as aforefaid; any thing in do^Gazette1” or an)? f°rmer t0 t^ie contrary thereof in any wife not-withflanding.

XIII.	And whereas by the laws now in force concerning the duties of excife, and other duties under the management of the commiffioners-of excife in that part of Great Britain called England, all forfeitures, and offences made and committed within the imnttdiate limits of the chief office in London, are to be heard, adjudged, and determined by the chief commiflioners and governors of excife; and all fuch forfeitures and offences made and committed within all or any 6-ther the counties, cities9 towns, or places in England, are to be heard and determined by any two or more of the juflices of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch forfeitures Jhall be made, or offence committed; and whereas many perfons chargeable with duties of excife, or other duties under the management of the faid commiflioners, or incurring penalties by offences againjl the faid laws, do frequently avoid profecutions for the fame, by removing out of the jurifdiftion ivherein fuch duties were charged, or offerees committed, to the great prejudice of the revenue, and difeouragement of the fair traders: for remedy whereof, be it further enabled by the au-O{fences may thority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth be profecuted day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, it fhall out of the ju- and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners and juflices refpec-tively, within whofe jurifdi&ion any perfon charged with any of the faid duties, or who fhall have committed any offence a-gainft the faid laws, or any of them, or againft this acA, fhall be found, to fummon, hear, adjudge and determine, arid iflue any procefs or warrant in the fame manner as fuch commiflioners or juflices may now do in cafe of fuch offences as are committed within their refpedtive jurifdicflions: and in cafe the faid commiflioners or juflices fnall, upon any judgment given by them refpe&ively, iffue a warrant or warrants of diftrefs, and the perfon or perfons authorized to execute fueh warrant, or any of them, fhall make a return thereto* that no fuffleient diftrefs can be found, then it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners and juflices refpedtively, within whofe jurifdic~

tioa

riidi&Ions where committed.

Hosted by Google

1745.] Anno ddcimo o&avo GeoRGII II. c. 27*	369

tion the party fhall at any time be found, againft whom fuch warrant (hall have been iffued, upon producing to them fuch warrant and return thereof, to commit fuch offender to the next county gaol till fatisfa&ion be made.

XIV.	And be it further enadted and declared by the authority Forfeitures aforefaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this a<ft how to be re-impofed, and all other fines, penalties, and forfeitures by any covered, former adt impofed, relating to the duties of excife, or any o-

th,er duty now under the management of the faid commiflioners of excife, fhall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by this act, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft-minfter\ any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary in any wife norwithftanding; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, and forfeiture fhall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XV.	And be it hereby further enadted by the authority afore-faid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this or any other act relating to the duties of excife, or other duties under the management of the commiffioners of excife,

fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and General iflue*

* give this adt, or fuch other adt, and the fpecial matter in evidence in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or. the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontinue his or their adtion or actions, or be nonfuited, or judgment fhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwile, then fuch defendant or Treble colls* defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII.

An ad for the more effectually preventing the Jlealing of lin* nen, fujlian, and cotton goods and wares, in buildings, fields, grounds, and other places ufed for printing whitening, bleaching, or drying the fame.

WHEREAS many doubts and difficulties have arifen upon the ,qco t c

con fraction of an ad paffcd in the fourth year of the reign of	'

his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act to prevent the dealing of linnen, fuftian, and cotton goods and wares, from fields, grounds, and other places, ufed for whitening, bleaching, or drying the fame ; in regard the faid ad doth not exprefs and mention, with fufficient certainty, the refpedive goods and wares, the ficaling whereof from the refpedive places therein mentioned and de~ jcribed, is by the faid ad intended to be prevented, whereby the good and wholefome ends propofed by the faid ad have in a great meafure been fruftrated, and bv means thereof,\ many of bis Majefty s good VoL. XVIII. '	Bb	fub*

fteal linen, &c. laid to be printed, bleached, See.

Anno decimo oflavo GeoRGH II, c. 27.	[1745.

fuhjects have been greatly injured in their properties, and put to very great expenses and charges in ivatcking the fame, which nevertheless hath hitherto proved ineffeftual: For remedy whereof, and for the more effectual preventing of thefts, frequently committed in buildings, fields, grounds, and other places ufed for printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying of linen, fuftian, and cotton goods or wares for the future ; may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadled; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament fteaMnfen ^ affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every perfon and perfons, who at any time after the firft day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, fhall by day or night fei'onioufiy fteal any linen, fuftian, callico, cotton, cloth, or cloth worked, woven, or made of any cotton, or linen yarn mixed, or any thread, linen or cotton yarn, linen or cotton tape, incle, filleting, laces, or any other linen, fuftian, or cotton goods or wares whatfoever, laid, placed, or expofed to be printed, whitened, bowked, bleached or dried in any whitening or bleaching croft, lands, fields, or grounds, bowking-houfe, drying-houfe, printing-houfe, or other building, ground, or place, made ufe of by any callico printer, whitfter, crofter, bow-ker, or bleacher, for printing, whitening, bowking, bleaching, or fhall aid or or drying of the fame, to the value of ten (hillings, or who (hall L	or	or	fhall	wilfully	or	malicioufly	hire	or	procure any

other perfon or perfons to commit any fuch offence, or who fhall buy or receive any fuch goods or wares fo ftolen, knowing the fame to be ftolen as aforefaid, being lawfully convidted thereof, (hall be, and is and are hereby declared to be guilty of fe-fliall be guilty lony, and every fuch offender fhall fuffer death, as in cafes of of felony, and felony, without benefit of clergy; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, That in cafe the judge or court, by and before whom any fuch offender or offenders fhall be tried and convicfed, (hall think it reafonable, upon the circumftances of the cafe, that fuch offender or offenders, or any of them, in-ftead of fuffering death, (hould be tranfported to fome of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations beyond the Teas; it is hereby toCbe°tranf€rS ^urt^er ladled. That in every fuch cafe, it fhall and may be portedFfor 14 lawful to and for fuch judge or court, and he or they (hall here-years.	by have full power and authority, inftead of giving judgement

of death againft fuch offender or offenders, as in the cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy, in manner herein before directed, to order fuch offender or offenders, being tried and con-vidfed as aforefaid, to be tranfported to any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, for the fpace of fourteen years, upon the like terms and conditions, and by the fame ways and means, and in like manner, as any other felons may or are to be tranfported to any of his Majefty’s faid colonies or plantations, by force or virtue of any law for that purpofe now

in

hire another to commit fuch offence,

fuffer death.

The court may order

Hosted by Google

371

1745-] Anno decimo oftiavo Gjeorgii II. C.28.

in force; any thing in this a61 contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

III.	And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Such offend-if any fuch offender or offenders aforefaid, who fhall be fo or- ers breaking dered for tranfportation by, or by virtue of this aft, fiiaU break ^r°rJ*n°r ^ ~ gaol, or efcape thereout, before fuch tranfportation, or fhall re- fu^er death, turn into, or be at large within any part of this kingdom of

Great Britain, without fome lawful caufe, before the expiration of the laid term of fourteen years, for which fuch offender or offenders fhall be ordered to be tranfported as aforefaid; that then, and in fuch cafe, all and every fuch offender or offenders, being thereof lawfully convifted, fhall fuffer death as felons, and have execution awarded againft them as perfons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

IV.	And it is further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That This aft to this aft fhall be deemed to commence from the faid firft day of commence June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and

forty five ; and from that time the faid aft made in the fourth 4 Qeo. 2. c. year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft. to pre- 16. repealed. vent theftealing of linen, fuftian, and cotton goods and ivarcs, from fields^ grounds, and other places, ufed for whiteni?jg, bleaching, or drying the fame, fhall be, and is hereby repealed.

CAP. XXVIII.

An add to indemnify perfons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running of prohibited, un-cuflomed, or other goods or merchandize.

WHEREAS, notvjithjlanding the fever al laivs already made

to prevent the unlawful importing, andclandeftine landing and	'

running of prohibited and uncifomcd goods, divers wicked and evil difpofed perfons have of late, not only carried on, and do fill continue fuch pernicious and illegal prattices, in open defiance of the laws, to the great diminution of the publish revenue, and to the manifefl prejudice of the fair traders, and likewife feduced great numbers of other perfons to join ivith them in the faid iviched pratthes; yet never the-lefs as there may be fome hope that many of the faid perfons who have been unwarily feduced as aforefaid, may be reclaimed by grace and clemency from offending in the like manner for the future: Therefore, for the quiet and eafe of his Majefty’s fubjefts, who may have been guilty of fuch offences, and that fuch of them as are not yet become incorrigible, being freed from their fears and apprehenfions, may be induced to leave off their illegal practices, and to return to their lawful callings and occupations, and that fuch perfons as fhall, after fuch an aft of indulgence, and fo publick warning, prelume to commit any of the faid offences, may be left without excufe, and be brought to juftice, and duly puniihed as their crimes fhall deferve; may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

B b 2	prefent

runmn goods indemnified.

372	Anno decimo odavo Georgii II. c. 28,	[1745*

Perfons who prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame* before^May 1, -p[lat a]j and every his Majefty’s fubjeds of this his Majefty’s curred^anype- realm of Great Britain, who before the firft day of May, in the nalty, &c. for year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, &c- have incurred any penalty or forfeiture in, by, or for the clan-deftine running, landing, unfhipping, concealing, or receiving any prohibited goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any foreign goods, liable to the payment of the duties of cuftoms and ex-cife, or either of them, and who are or may be fubjed to any information, or other profecution whatfoever, for the penalties for the running, landing, unfhipping, concealing, or receiving thereof, or for landing of any goods, without the prefence of an officer, fhall be, and are by the authority of this prefent ad, acquitted, indemnified, releafed and difcharged, againfl the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and againfl all and every other perfon and perfons, bodies politick, and corporate, and any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and every of them, of and from all the faid offences (not in this prefent ad hereafter excepted) and of and from all penalties, forfeitures, indidments, outlawries, convidions, and judgements, not herein after excepted, incurred, had or given, or that may or might arife or accrue for or by reafon or means of any the faid offences, or other matters or things herein before mentioned and expreffed.

II.	And be it further enadea. That all and every of his Majefty’s fubjeds may by him, her, or themfelves, or by his, her or their deputy or deputies, attorney or attornies, according to the laws of this realm, plead and infift on this ad of indemnity for his, her or their difcharge, of or for any thing that is by virtue of this ad acquitted, releafed, or difcharged, without without fee j any fee or payment to any perfon or perfons for the writing or entering of fuch plea, or the judgement thereupon, but only fixteen pence to the clerk, or officer who fhall enter fuch plea or matter for judgement, or the party’s difcharge in that behalf; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftand-

may plead this ad for their difcharge,

only i6d. for entering the plea.

Suits againfl officers of cuftoms, &c. to be difcharged :

ing.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons who fhall take, receive, or be intitled to any benefit or advantage by virtue of this prefent ad of indemnity, either by pleading or infilling on the fame in any court of juftice, or otherwife, and who hath or (before he, (lie, or they fhall claim the benefit of this prefent ad) fhall have brought, commenced, or profecuted any adion, plaint, or information, indidment, or other profecution whatfoever, againfl any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms of excife, or other revenue, or againfl any perfon or perfons who fhall or may have been aiding or affifting to any fuch officer, for or concerning any matter, caufe or thing done or committed by fuch officer, or by any perfon or perfons aiding or affifting him, on occafion, or for or by reafon or means of any of the offences, trefpaffes, frauds, mifdemeanors, or other matters

Hosted by Google

1745 ] Anno decimo oftavo GeoRGII II. c. 28.	373

ters or things by this a<51 intended to be releafed and difcharged fhall, before fuch time as he, fhe or they fhall be admitted to before any make fuch plea as aforefaid, or to take any benefit or advantage J^n^re£an of this adt, abfolutely releafe and difcharge fuch adtion or adti- e a en* ons, difcontinue and caufe all proceedings to be (laid in all and every fuch informations, indictments, and other profecution and profecutions brought or commenced as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or perfons who fhall claim the benefit of this a<5t, fhall, after fuch claim, bring or commence, or caufe to be brought or commenced any adlion, plaint or information, or other profecution whatfoever againit any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, excife, or other revenue, or other perfon or perfons, who fhall have aided or affiftecjl any fuch officer, for or concerning any adt, matter, or thing done or committed by them, or any of them, on occafion of, or for or by reafon or means of any of the offences, frauds, mif-demeanors, or other matters or things intended to be releafed

and difcharged by this adt, fuch claim is and fhall be deemed pIairTn£ ***? to be an abfolute difcharge and releafe to fuch officer or other ^^11° be ^ perfons, of and from all and every fuch adtions, fuits, and pro- difcharge to fecutions; and fuch officer or other perfon may plead the gene- officers, &c. ral iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and the faid ^r?nl iuch officer, or other perfon, fhall recover his cofts of fuit againil: the lults* perfon or perfons fo bringing or commencing fuch adtion or General illiie. profecution.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority Penalties on

aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons who fhall take, Per^ns of-receive, or be intitled to the benefit of this prefent adt of indem-	take^i

nity, and fhall afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the	0f

like offences, trefpaffes, frauds, or mifdemeanors, as are herein this a<5^ before mentioned, or hereby intended to be acquitted, releafed,

or difcharged, or any of the offences hereafter in this adt mentioned or expreffed, fhall be fubjedt and liable to be profecuted, not only for or in refpedt of fuch new offence by him, her, or them committed, but fhall alfo for and in refpedt of the faid offences committed before the making this adt, and for and in refpedt of all bonds and fecurities by them or any of them given to his Majefty, or to any perfon or perfons for his Majefty’s ufe, commonly called Smuggling Bonds, be fubjedt and liable to all and every the fame pains, penalties, forfeitures, and adtions, for duties of cuftoms or excife, and adtions upon the faid bonds and fecurities, as he, the, or they would have incurred, or been, fubjedt or liable to in cafe this adt had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftand-

*ng.	.

VI.	Provided alfo, That this adt, or any thing herein con- Limitation of tained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to acquit, this aft. releafe, or difcharge any judgement or judgements, where the monies or other things recovered have been a&ually levied, or the defendant or defendants taken in execution upon fuch judgements, before the firft day of Mayy one thoufand feven hun-

B b 3	died

374	Anno decimo oclavo Georgii II. c. 29.	[1745*

dred and forty five; nor fhall the fame extend, or be conftrued to extend to acquit, releafe, or difcharge any judgement or judgements, in refpecft to fuch part thereof as belongs to the informer, or fuch perfon or perfons, who hath or have joined with his Majefty in fuch fuit or fuits, wherein fuch judgement or judgements hath or have been obtained, unlefs and until fuch perfon or perfons, who would take the benefit of this a6t, fhall pay to fuch informer, or other perfon or perfons the full cofts of fuch fuit or fuits, in which fuch judgement or judgements fhall have been obtained.

Offenders lia- VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the autho-bie to betrani' rity aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons, who have comported, taking fitted or been guilty of any of the offence or offences herein this aft 60 0t before mentioned, for which any fuch perfon or perfons is or are by any law or flatute now in being liable to be tranfported and repeating as a felon or felons, fhall, for any of the fa id offences, take or Inch offences.^ receive the benefit of this prefent a61, and fhall afterwards be guilty of or commit any of the faid offences, for which he, fhe, or they is or are now liable to be tranfported asaforefaid, then all and every fuch perfon and perfons (being duly convidted of or for any of the faid offences hereafter to be committed as afore-faid, and upon due proof made, that fuch perfon or perfons had committed any of the fame offences before the making this a61, and had taken or received the benefit thereof for his, her, fhall fuftbr	or their difcharge) fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall

death.	fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy*.

Compositions VIII. Provided alfo. That all perfons who have, before the for offenees to firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, be made	compounded with or agreed to pay any fum of money by way

good;	Gf cornpofition to his Majefty, or to the lords commiffioners of

his Majcftv’s treafury, or to any of the barons of the exchequer, or to the commiffioners of the cuftoms or excife refpedt-i'vely for the time being, on his Majefty’s behalf, for or in re-fpedl of the above mentioned offences, or for the forfeitures or penalties arifing thereby, fhall make good fuch compofitions and OI- the benefit agreements as have been by them refpedtively made; or, in de-of this aft	fault thereof, all and every fuch perfon fhall be excluded and

Rlt.	deprived of and from all benefit and advantage of thi£ a<5h

CAP. XXIX.

An aoi for granting further powers to the commiffioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the city of V/eltminfler, to the oppofte (bore in the county of Surrey; and for the better enabling them to finijh the faid bridge, and to perform the other trufts repofed in them.

WHEREAS the commiffioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the Woclfiaple, or thereabouts, in the 9 Geo. 2.	pariJI) of Saint Margaret in the city of Weft rni lifter, to the oppofte

c. 29.	jbore in the county of Surrey, or any feven or more of them, are, by

Hosted by Google

T745-] Annadecimo o<5lavo GeoRGII II. c. 29.

feveral aCts of parliament, paffed in the reign of bis prefent Majefiy authorized and empowered to make, open, defign, affign, and lay out. fucb ways, fireets and pajfages as they /ball find proper to make open ana lay out,	fide the river Thames, to and from the intended bridge,

the courts ofjufiice, both boufes of parliament, tfW /A* adjacent ; and to agree for and pur chafe fuch boufes and ground as they /ball find nece/fary for them to be poffe/fed of and to be removed, rebuilt, pulled doivn, flr employed for that purpofe, comprized within certain limits and bounds, mentioned and de/cribed in the /aid aCts, or fome of them ; likewi/e to let, /elf or di/po/e of fuch piece or pieces of groundeither together or in parcels, # 5 they may, by means of fuch purchafes, ^ Poffe/fed of over and above what may be nece/fary for the opening and widening of the /aid ways, fireets, and pajfages, /ball find moft advantageous and convenient, to any per fin or per-fins who fall be willing to contract, agree for, or pur chafe the fame; as alfo to defign, affign, and lay out, in what manner the new houfes to be built /hall be ereCied and built; and of what breadth and extent the faid fireets, ways, and pajfages /ball be: and whereas the faid commijfioners have defigned, affigned, and laid out, feveral fireets, ways, and paffages, to and from the faid intended bridge, the courts of jufiice, both boufes of parliament, and the parts adjacent; and in order to preferve the fame, and the buildings now eretted, and hereafter to be erected upon the /aid pieces or parcels of ground, free from all nu/ances and annoyances, and to preferve the uniformity and beauty thereof have agreed to di/po/e of feme part of the faid premijfes, under fuch covenants, conditions, agreements, limitations, and refiric-tions, as they have found nece/fary for thofe purpo/es, and for the benefit of the publick in general; but which cannot effectually be enforced by the laws now in being, fo as to remain a perpetual lien on the faid premijfes, without the further aid and authority of parliament : therefore, for promoting and encouraging a defign fo ufe-ful and beneficial to the publick, and for a better and more effectual enforcing the feveral covenants, agreements, limitations, and reftriftions, under which the faid commiflioners have or (hall difpofe of any piece, pieces, or parcels of ground or buildings, purfuant to the powers given them by the faid acts, or any of them, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enacted, &c.

If any occupier of ground fold or let by the commiflioners, fliall, contrary to their covenant, make or fuffer any nufance, &c. to the buildings relating to the bridge, &c. any 7 commiflioners, &c. may enter and view ; and if made in open ftreets leading to the bridge, Sec. the commiflioners, &c. may remove them ; and if done in breach of any covenant, See. notice fliall be given to the owner or occupier to remove the fame, according to covenant: on refufal or negleft, 7 days after notice, commiflioners, See. may enter and remove fuch nufance according to agreement; the charges whereof (hall be paid by the perfon caufing the nufance, with the penalty comprife'd in the covenant: on negleft or refufal, they may be levied by diftrefs and fale : if no fufficient diftrefs can be found, the rents fliall be received by the commiflioners till fatisfaftion made. Out of the aids granted for the year 1745) 25,0001. granted to the commiflioners for building the bridge, &c. An account of faid 25,0001. to be laid before the parliament within 20 days after opening the feflion, Publick aft.

B b 4	CAP,

375

, 10 Geo. 2, c. 16.

^ 11 Geo. 2.

12 Geo. 2. c- 33-

' 13 Geo. 2. c. 16.

14	Geo. 2. c. 40.

15	Geo. 2. c. 26.

17 Geo. 2. c. 32.

Hosted by Google

3?6	Anno	decimo	oftavo	Georgii	II,	c.	30.	[*745-

CAP. XXX.

An aft to amend an aft made in the eleventh year of the reign of King William the Thirds intituled, An a<St for the more effedtual fuppreflion of piracy.

11 Will. 3. 1I7HE REAS by an aft made in the eleventh year of King 7*	VV William the Thirds intituled, An act for the more effec-

tual fupprefhon of piracy; it is (amongf other things) enafted, That all piracies, felonies, and robberies committed on the fea, or in any haven, river, creek, or place, where the admiral or admirals have power, authority, or jurifdiftion, may be examined, enquired of tried, and determined and adjudged, according to the directions of the faid aft, in any place at fea, or upon the land, in any of his Majefys ijlands, plantations, colonies, dominions, forts, or factories, to be appointed for that purpofe by the King's commijjion, in the manner therein directed: and it is alfo thereby further enafted. That if any of his Majefty s natural born fubjefts, or denizens of this kingdom, fall commit any piracy or robbery, or any aft of hofility, againft others of his Majefy s fubjefts, upon the fea, under colour of any commiffion from any foreign prince or fate, or pretence of authority from any perfon whatfoever, fuch offenders Jhall be deemed pirates, felons, and robbers; and they being duly convicted, according to the Hep. 8. faid aft, or according to an aft of the twenty eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, therein recited, fall have and fuffer fuch pains of death, lofs of lands, goods, and chattels, as pirates, felons, and robbers upon the feas, ought to have and fuffer: and whereas, fnce the prefent wars ivith France and Spain, divers of his Majeffs natural born fubjefts have entered in the fervice of his Majejtfs enemies, on board privateers, or other ftps, having commifions from ■ the croivns of France or Spain, and committed divers hofilities againfl his Majefly s fubjefts upon the feas in the Weft Indies, and other parts: and whereas doubts have arifen, whether as fuch offenders have, by fuch their adherence to the King's enemies, been guilty of high treafon, they can be deemed guilty of felony, ivithin the intent of the [aid aft, and, as fuch, liable to be tried by the faid court of admiralty appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the faid aft: therefore, to put an end to the faid doubts, and to prevent the inconveniencies that mud arife, by the want of fpeedy juftice on fuch offenders; may it pleafe your mod excellent Majedy, that it may be enadled ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-Subjedsor de-liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all nizens,during perfons, being natural born fubjedls, or denizens of his Majedy, comndttin who, during the prefent or any future wars, have committed, hoftilities at or fhall commit, any hodilities upon the fea, or in any haven, fea,&c.againft river, creek, or place, where the admiral or admirals have pow-his Majefty’s er, authority, or jurifdidlion, againd his Majedy’s fubjedls, by tih^virtue or under colour of any comtniffion from any of his Ma-haveappwer,S jefty’s enemies, or have been, or fhall be, any other ways ad-*	hererit

1745-1	Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 31.	377

herent, or giving aid or comfort to his Majefty’s enemies upon or giving aid, thefea, or in any haven, river, creek, or place, where the ad- ^g^^fea miral or admirals have power, authority, or jurifdiction, may may be tried be tried as pirates, felons, and robbers, in the faid court of ad- as pirates, miralty, on {hip-board, or upon the land, in the fame manner as perfons guilty of piracy, felony, and robbery, are by the faid a6t dire&ed to be tried ; and fuch perfons being upon fuch trial convicted thereof, fhall fuffer fuch pains of death, lofs of lands, w c goods, and chattels, as any other pirates, felons, and robbers 11	'	3’	'	7‘

ought, by virtue of the faid recited a61 of the eleventh year of King JVilliam the Third, or any other a 61, to fuffer.

II.	Provided, and it is hereby declared and enadled, That not to be tried any perfon who fhall be tried and acquitted, or convi&ed, ac- again for the cording to this a6l, for any of the faid crimes, fhall not be liable treafon3* to be indidled, profecuted, or tried again in Great Britain, or ni^ rea on’ elfewhere, for the fame crime or fa6t as high treafon.

III.	Provided, That nothing in this a6t contained fhall be Criminals not

conftrued to extend to prevent any perfons guilty of any of the tried by this faid crimes, who fhall not be tried according to this a61, from	b.e.

being tried for high treafon within this realm, according to the treafon aforefaid a6t of the twenty eighth year of King Henry the eighth. 28He*.8.c.i5.

CAP. XXXI.

An aftfor the more effectual recovering and collecting of certain duties granted towards the fupport of the royal hofpi-tal at Greenwich ; and to oblige agents for prizes to regi-fter their letters of attorney.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the feventh year of the reign 7 \y „ c 1 of his late majejly King William the Thirds intituled, An * a61 for the increale and encouragement of feamen ; and an aft made in the eighth year of his faid late Majejly*s reign, intituled, An 3 \yt c a6t to enforce the a6t for the-increafe and encouragement of fea-men; and alfo another aft made in the tenth year of the reign of her I0 j±nn% c tje late majefy fhieen Anne, intituled, An a6t for the better colledting and recovering the duties granted for the fupport of the royal hofpital at GreenvAch, and for the further benefit thereof; and for preferving her Majefly’s harbour moorings; and another aft ?nade in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent majefy King George 2 ^e0, 2* c 7* the Second, intituled, An a 61 for the more effe&ual colle6Iing in Great Britain and Ireland, and other parts of his Majefty’s dominions, the duties granted for the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich ; there was given and efabUJhed for the jupport of the faid royal hofpital, a duty offixpence per menfem, payable by all feamen ; and by the faid fever a I afts, it was (among other things) en-afted, That the faid duty Jhould be paid by every feaman, and other perfon whatfoever, that fnould ferve or be employed by his Majejly, or by any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, in any of his Majejly9s /hips, or in any jhip or vejfel belonging to any of the fubjefts of Great Britain or Ireland, or dominions thereunto belongings or to any of the fubjefts of his Majefy3 within the ifunds of Jerfey, Guernfey,

2	Alderney3

Hosted by Google

378	Anno	decimo oftavo Georgii II. C.31.	[1745*

Alderney, Sark, and Man, and every of them refpeflively, and within all and every his Majejlfs colonies, iflands, and dominions in America ( other than and exceptfuch perfons as in the faid afls are excepted) which /aid duties Jhouldbe paid by the rnajler, commanders, and owners of all and every fuch/hips and vejfels refpeflively, who were authorized, impower-£</,	required to deduct and detain thefame, ^ 0/the zvages,/hares, or

other profits payable or accruing to every feaman, 0/ other perfon employed in any Juch Jhip or vejfel, and liable to the payment of the faid duty, if fuch feaman or other perfon Jhall have, intitled to ayy finch wages, fares, or profits: and whereas the commijfioners for col-le fling the faid duty, ^0 find great difficulty in collecting the fame from privateers,	private /hips of war,	having letters of marque,	J

zvho neither clear inwards or outwards', for remedy thereof, and to the intent that the faid duty may be more eafily and effe&ually collected for the ufes aforefaid, be it enacfted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every officer 6 d. per month or feaman, or other perfon whatfoever, that (hall ferve or be em-to be paid by ployed in any privateer, or private .fhip of war, having a letter of orTe^m^n^n mar<lue» belong to any of the fubjedls of Great Britain or Ire-any privateer, or dominions thereunto belonging, ofrio any of the fub-* jecfts of his Majefty, within the iflands of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney^ Sark, and Man, or any of them refpedlively, or within his Majefty’s colonies, iflands, and dominions in America, fhall pay the faid duty of fix pence per month, or proportiona-bly for any lefler time, during the time he or they fhall ferve, or be employed in, or belong to, any fuch (hip or veflel, for the better fupport of the faid royal hofpital at Greenwich, and to to Greenwich augment the revenue thereof for the purpofes in the faid recited a£ts mentioned.

II.	And it is hereby declared, That the mafter, commander, or owner of every privateer, or private fhip or veflel of war, having a letter of marque, is hereby impowered and required to de-dudl and detain, out of the wages, fhares of prizes, or other profits, payable or accruing to fuch officer, feaman or other per-fon employed in his fhip or veflel, the faid duty of fixpence per month (other than for fuch perfons as by the faid acfts are exempted) and fhall pay the fame to fuch officer or officers, as are or {hall on that behalf be appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Commander That from and after the firft day of June, which (hall be in the of a privateer Year °f our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, the failing from paafter or commander of every privateer, or private fhip or vef-any port, fel of war, having a letter of marque before he fails frbm any of

the ports of Great Britain, or Ireland, or from any of the ports of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark, gr Man, or from any of the ports within his Majefty’s colonies, iflands, and dominions in

America 3

hofpital.

Commander to detain the fame out of wages, or ihares, &c.

Hosted by Google

1745*] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c.31.	279

America, fhall deliver to the collector of the cuftoms of the port (hall give the

he fails from, a lift in writing, figned by him, of the names,

ages, and defcriptions of every feaman, or other perfon employ- 0 ls men *

ed in or belonging to fuch privateer, or private ftiip or veflel of

war, having a letter of marque ; and upon the arrival, entry, or and on retllrn •

return of every fuch (hip or veflel, at or into any of the ports (hall give a

aforefaid, the mafter or commander of fuch fhip or veflel, (hall copy of the

deliver to the collector of the cuftoms of the port he arrives at, feme, on oatIl»

an authentick copy, upon oath, of the lift he delivered in to the

collector of the cuftoms of the port from whence he failed, and

a particular account, whether all or any of the men which failed

with him are returned ; and if any are wanting, fuch mafter or an ac*.

commander (hall and is hereby required to give an account in become *S

writing what is become of them; and in cafe any fuch mafterthofewanting:

or commander as aforefaid, fhall obftinately refufe or negledt to

deliver fuch lifts and accounts as aforefaid, every fuch offender

fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, one moiety whereof fhall ^der penalty

be to the ufe of the faid royal hofpital, and the other moiety to° 50

fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fue for the fame.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Receiversmay That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the receiver and re- fummon com-ceivers of the faid duty of fixpence per month, payable to the faid manders or royal hofpital, his or their deputy or deputies for the time be-owners» ing, for the better difcovery of what fhall be due from the perfons ferving on board, or belonging to any privateer, or private (hip or veflel of war, having a letter of marque, as aforefaid, by warrant under his or their hands, to fummon all fuch mafters and commanders, or (in their abfence) the owner or owners of fuch privateers, or private fhips and veflels of war, having letters of marque, to be and appear at the office of the faid receiver or receivers, his or their refpecftive deputy or deputies (fo as the W1^m 10 perfon fummoned be not obliged to travel above ten miles for the m es> making fuch appearance) which faid receiver or receivers, or his

or their deputy or deputies, are hereby impowered and directed ,

0 *■ j	1	s	j r	cincl examine

to examine every fuch mafter and commander, or owner or the num^er

owners, as to the number and times of fervice of all and every and times of perfon or perfons belonging to, or employed in fuch fhips or fervice oftheir veflels, who are liable to, or chargeable with the faid fum ofmen ; fixpence per month ; and if fuch mafters or commanders, or (in their abfence) the owners, or any of them, fhall refufe when fo fummoned (not having a reafonable excufe) to appear before the faid refpedtive perfons, hereby impowered to examine them in manner as aforefaid; or if they fhall appear, and obftinately refufe to make full and true difcovery of the matters aforefaid, upon their feveral oaths (which oaths the faid receiver or receivers, their deputy or deputies, are hereby impowered to admi-nifter) or (hall negledl to pay the monies which fliall be due to the faid hofpital, within fix kalendar months after they fhall have had due notice from the faid receiver or receivers, his or their deputy or deputies, to pay the fame; that then, and in ^ on penalty every fuch cafe, all and every fuch offender or offenders, for 0f*5Q	*

every

Hosted by GoOglc

38 o

the veflel not permitted to go to Tea, till the duty of the preceding voyage be paid.

ij Geo. z» c. 34-

Agents For prizes of his jMajefty’s

Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 31.	[1745.

every fuch refufal or negledt, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty' pounds; one moiety whereof (hall be to the ufe of the faid hof-pital, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fue for the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, where no efloin, wager of law, or protection (hall be allowed ; and if a verdidt (hall pafs for the plaintiff in any fuch action, bill, plaint, or information, then fuch plaintiff (hall have and be allowed double cofis; and if any fuch mafter or commander (hall attempt to go to fea, with the faid (hips or veffels, before he hath duly accounted with, and paid the faid receiver or receivers the faid duty for the voyage preceding; then, and in fuch cafe, fuch receiver or receivers, or their deputies, are hereby impowered to flop fuch (hip or veffel from proceeding to fea till the faid duty be paid; and, upon the death or removal of any mafter or commander of any fuch (hip or veffel, the owner or owners fhall deliver to the fucceeding mafter, a true account of the faid duty due to the faid hofpital as aforefaid, and money fufficient for payment of the fame to the receivers thereof; and in default thereof, fuch receiver or receivers, or their deputies, (hall and lawfully may flop fuch (hip or veflel from proceeding to fea, until the faid duties (hall be fully paid and fatisfied.

V.	And whereas by an at1 made in the feventeenth year of his pre-fent Ma jejiy s reign, intituled, An a61 for the better encouragement of Teamen in his Majefty’s fervice, and privateers, to annoy the enemy, it is enabled. That after the fale or fales of fuch prize or prizes as fhall be taken from the enemy by any of his Majejiy* s fhips of war, publick notification fhall be given, by the perfons or a-gents appointed, of the day appointed for the payment of the feveral fhares to the captors; after which publick notification, if any mens Jhares fall remain in the hands of the perfons or agents appointed as aforefaid, either belonging to fuch men as fhall be run from his Ma-jefry s fervice or which fhall not be legally demanded within three years, then Jnch fhare or Jhares fo remaining in the perfon*s or agent*s hands, or belonging to fuch men as fhall run from his Majejiy* s fervice, fhall go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital; and alfo that the jhares of the bounty granted by the faid a61 to the commanders, officersy Jeamen, marines, foldiers, and others of his Majejiy*s fhips of war, for takings finking, burning, or othenuife defiroying, any fhip of wary or privateer, belonging to any of his Majejiy s enemies, if not legally denianded within three years after publick notfication y and afo of fuch as fhall run from his Majejiy*s fervicey fhall be applied to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital: and whereas the good intention of the faid ati has been greatly fruflratedy and little benefit has arofe to the faid hofpital therefromy for vaant of certain evidence of what perfon or perfons is or arey or has or have been Appointed agent or agents for prizes y of yjhorn the faid fhares fo granted to the faid hofpital may be legally demanded: for remedy thereof, be it enaefted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perfons who, fince the commencement of the prefent war againft Spainy has or have been, or now is, or are, or hereafter (hall be appointed a-

gent

Hosted by Google

1745-1 Anno decimo odtavo Georgii II. c. 32* 33,	381

gent or agents for any prize or prizes taken by any fhip or fhips tops, fince of war belonging to his Majefty, or for receiving the faid bounty, *he .war with and which prize or prizes have been or fhall be condemned in p >

the high court of admiralty of England\ fhall exhibit, and caufe to be regiftered in the faid high court of admiralty, his or their refpecftive letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for thepurpofes aforefaid, unlefs he or they have already done the fame; and if any perfon or perfons, fo as a-forefaid appointed agent or agents (who have not already done the fame) fhall refuTe or negledt fo to do on or before the firft: day of Auguft'i one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, or if any perfon or perfons hereafter to be appointed agent or agents for the purpofes aforefaid, fhall refufe or negledt to exhibit, and caufe to be regiftered in the faid high court of admiralty, his, or their refpecftive letter, or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as aforefaid, for the fpace of fix kalen-dar months after fentence of condemnation of any prize fhall be given in the faid high court of admiralty, for the care and diftri-bution of which he or they «hall be appointed agent or agents, fuch perfon or perfons fo refufing or neglecting, fhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will fue for the fame, by action of debt, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, in which no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

fhall regifter their letters of attorney in the court of admiralty:

before i Au-guft, 174.5,

or in 6 months after condemnation of the prize :

under penalty of 500 1.

VI. Provided always, That if any agent or agents fhall be Agents ap-appointed, after the time any fentence of condemnation in the pointed after faid court of admiralty fhall be given,-fuch agent or agents fhall, condemnation under the aforefaid penalty, regifter, or caufe to be regiftered a pnz.^ in manner aforefaid, his or their refpecfive letter or letters of ^efr alters* attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as aforefaid, 6 months after within the fpace of fix kalendar months, after the date of his or date, their faid letter or letters of attorney.

CAP. XXXII.

An for continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an a& made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firlt, for repairing the roads leading from Birmingham to Edghill, in the county of Warwick.

The aft iz Geo. i. c. 6. continued fir z\ years,

CAP. XXXIII.

An aEl to repeal a claufe in an aft made in the third year of the reign of King William and £>ueen Mary, relating to carts ufed by perfons inhabiting within the limits of the weekly, bills of mortality> and to allow fuch carts to be drawn with three horfes \ and to prevent the mifbehaviour of the drivers of carts in ftreets, within the faid limits.

WHEREAS in and by an aft made and pajfed in the third 3 & 4 w. & andfourth years of the reign of their late majeflies King Wil- M, c, t%,

liam

Hosted by Google

3. W. & M. c. 12, fe&. 16.

A claufe therein repealed.

2 W. & M. ftat. c. S. left. 19.

Carts, he. drawn by 3 horfes may be tiled*

Anno decimo o6tavo GeoRGXi II. c. 3	[1745*

liam and Queen Mary, intituled, An a6t for the better repairing and amending the highways, and for fettling the rates of the carri-*

age of goods ; it was enafted, That all and every law and ftatute then in force, jfrr or touching the enlarging, repairings or amending highways and common roads, tf/zi wry article and thing in them contained, and not therein, and thereby altered and repealed, Jhould be duly put in executions according to the tenor of the faid laws, under the penalties therein containedy to be raifeds levied\ and difpofed ofs as in and by the faid laws is directed \ and divers good and wholefome ruleSs proviJion$s and directions are thereby madey enafted, appointed, ordaineds for the better repairing and amending the highways within this kingdom ; //? which faid aft there is contained and infer ted a claufe or proyifoy in the words following; that is to fay, provided alwayss and be it enafted by the authority aforefaids "That it Jhall and may be lawful to and for any inhabitant of any of the pariJheSs within the weekly bills of mortality, who dwells off from the pavement, orufes his carts s as well off as upon the pavements and to and for any brewers and to and for any fcavenger, or other perfon employed in carrying a-way the dirt and foil of the ftreetSs lanesy and alleysy to make ufe of any carts car-> or drays with wheels Jhod with irony and narrower than fix inches in the felliesy and drawn with more than two horfes 3 any aft of parliaments law, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith-fanding: and whereas great number of carts, draySy and other carriages food with irony and drawn with more than two horfes, do daily under the authority and permiffion of the faid afty pafs and re-pafs through the JlreetSy fituate within the bills of mortality, to the great fpoil and deftruftion of the pavement of the faid JlreetSy and the great annoyance and prejudice of the inhabitants within the fame; for preventing whereof for the future, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid claufe or provifo herein before fet forth and recited, ("hall from and after the twenty ninth day of Septembers which fhall be in the year of our Lord one- thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and the fame is hereby enabled and declared to be from thenceforth repealed.

II.	And whereas in and by an aft made in the fecond year of the reign of their faid late MajeftieSy it is (amongfl other thingsj enaftedy That from and after the fifteenth day of December, the wheels of every carty cavy or drayy to be ufed for the carriage of any thing whafoeveryfrom any place zuithin the cities and parifbes therein mentionedy to any place fituate in the faid cities and parifbes where the Jlreets are paved, Jhall be made to contain the breadth of fix inches. in the felly y and fhall not be wrought about with any iron work whatfo-evefy nor be drawn with above the number of two horfes, after they are up the hills from the ivater fidey under the penalties in the faid aft contained : and whereas the famey ft far as it relates to the drawing fuch carty cary or drayy with two horfes onlyy hath been found in* convenient\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of Septembers one

thoufand

Hosted by Google

3%3

1745. Anno decimo ofbavo Georgii 11. C. 33.

thoufand feven hundred and forty five, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon whatfoever to make ufe of any cart, car, or dray, as aforefaid, drawn by three horfes ; the faid recited adt, or any other adl, law, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, That Penalty of in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall, after the faid twenty ninth

day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, mc^re ^ make ufe of any fuch cart, car, or dray, drawn by more than 3 horfes. three horfes, as aforefaid, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall be liable and fubjedt to all and every the penalties by the faid adt directed to be inflidted upon any perfon or perfons ufing any cart, car, or dray, drawn with more than two horfes; any thing in the faid adt to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas great inconveniences have arifen from the irre- Name of the

gular behaviour of carmen, draymen, and other perfons driving carts, owner of drays, and other carriages, within the cities of London and Weft-	^

minfter, and fuburbs thereof \ the borough of Southwark, and other thereon, and freets within the bills of mortality, by their miffing and hindering the numbered; paffage of his Majeffs fubjefts through the faid ftreets and highways,

and committing other disorders of the like kind: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall drive any cart, car, or dray, of any kind whatfoever, within the limits aforefaid, unlefs the mafter or owner of fuch cart, car, or dray, fhall place upon fome confpi-cuous part of fuch cart, car, or dray, the name of the owner of fuch cart, car, or dray, and the number of fuch cart, car, or dray, fo belonging to him, in order that the driver of fuch cart, car, or dray, may be the more eafily convidted for any diforder or mifbehaviour committed by him, as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That and rendered every owner of fuch cart, car, or dray, reiiding within the li- ttie com~ mits aforefaid, fhall enter his name, and place of abode, with ^ackney^ °r the commiflioners for licenfing hackney coaches, for which coaches, entry he (hall pay the fum of one (hilling, and no more; and

the faid commiflioners are hereby authorized and required to receive and regifter fuch entry, as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Under penalty That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall drive any fuch cart, of 40 s.

car, or dray, within the limits aforefaid, not marked, numbered, and entered, as is herein before directed, every fuch perfon fo offending, (hall forfeitand lofe the fum of forty (hillings ; and it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to feize and detain the cart, car, or dray, or any of the horfes drawing the fame, and them to detain till fuch penalty (hall be paid.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted, That it (hall Cart wheels and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons ufing any rn.a>r be bound Cart, car, or dray, as aforefaid, having the wheels of the full broad breadth of fix inches, * when worn, to have the fame bound without role’ 'found with ftreaks or tire of iron, provided fuch ftreaks or tire headed nails.

of

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

384	Anno	decimo	octavo	Georgii II. c. 34";	[1745,

of iron be of the ^11 breadth of fix inches, and made flat, and not fet on with rofe-headed nails; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft to explain, amend, and make more effectual the laws in beings to prevent excejfive and deceitful gainings and to rejlrain and prevent the excejfive increafe of horfe races.

WHEREAS notwithfanding the many good and ivholefome lazvs now in being, for preventing excejfive and deceitful gaming, many perfons of ill fame and reputation, who have no vifble means of Jiibffence, do keep houfes, rooms, and other places, for playings and do permit perfons therein to play at cards, dice, and other devices, for large fums of money, by means whereof divers young and unwary perfons, and others, are drawn in to lofe the greatejl part, and fome times all their fubfance\ and it frequently happens they are thereby reduced to the ui'mof necejfties, and betake themfelves to the moft wicked courfes, which end in their utter ruin: and whereas a certain pernicious game, called roulet, or roly-poly, is daily praftifed, and the laws now in being have, by experience, been found ineffectual to put a fop to fuch pernicious pr a ft ices : for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may enadted; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and No p*T'bnfhallcommons> *n ^ls Pre^ent parliament aflembled, and by the au-kecpYplace thority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day for playing of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, no perfon roly-poly, or or perfons, of what condition foeyer, fhall keep any houfe,

wUh cards^r room> or P^ace f°r playing, or permit or fuffer any perfon or perfons whatfoever, within any fuch houfe, room, or place, to play at the faid game of roulet, otherwife roly-poly, or at any other game, with cards or dice, already prohibited by the laws of this realm ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall keep any fuch houfe, room, or place for playing, or permit or fuffer any perfon or perfons as aforefaid to play at the faid game of roulet, otherwife roly-poly, or at any other game, with cards or dice, already prohibited by law, fuch perfon or under penal- Per^ons offending, (hall incur the pains and penalties, and ties of 12 Geo. he liable to fuch profecution as is directed in and by an aeft made a c. 28. in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the more effeftual preventing exccfive and deceitful gaming. Perfons nla - H* And he it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, ing fhall incur That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall, after the faid the penalties twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and of 12 Geo. 2. forty live, play at the faid game of roulet, otherwife roly-poly, c*	or at any game or games with cards or dice, already prohibited

by law, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, fhall alfo incur the pains and penalties, and be liable to fuch profecution, as is directed in and by an a<5t made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the more ■ effeftual preventing excejfive and deceitful gaming.

III. And

Hosted by Google

1745-7 Anno decimo oftavo GeoRGII II. C. 34;

III.	And whereas in and by a certain flatute^- made in the ninth

year of the reign of her Idte majefty Jfideen ifnne, intituled, An 9 Ann. c. 14, adt for the better preventing exceffive and deceitful gaming, it

is (amongji other things) enabled, That from and after the firfi day of May, one thoujand feven hundred and eleven, any perfon or per-fons whatfoever, who Jhould at any time or fitting, by playing at cards, dice, tables, or other game or games whatfoever, or by betting on the fides or hands of fitch who do play at any of the games afore-faid, lofe to any one or more perfon or perfons, fo playing or bettings in the whole, the fum of ten pounds, and Jhould pay mid deliver the fame, or any part thereof \ the perfon or perfons fo loftng, or payings or delivering the J'ame, Jhould be at liberty, within three months then , next, to fue for, and recover the money or goods■ fo loft and paid, or delivered, or any part thereof \ from the refpebiive winner or whiners thereof, with cofts of fuit; to be fiued for, and recovered by abiion of debt, founded on the faid abi, to be profecuted in any of her then faid Majejrfs courts of record; in which actions or fiuits no ejfioin, pro* tebiion, ivager of law, privilege of parliament, or more than one imparlance /ball be allowed, ivith further direbiions, as in the faid abi are particularly fit forth: and whereas for the better difiovery of the monies, or any thing fo won, and to be fiued for as aforefaid, it is by the faid flatute enabled. That all and every perfon or perfons, who, by virtue of the faid flatute, Jloould or might be liable to be fued for any fiuch fern or fums of money, or valuable thing, Jhould be obliged and compelled to anfwer, upon oath, fiuch bill or bills, as Jloould be preferred againjl him or them, for the difiovery of the fum or fums of money to be ivon at play as aforefaid; but no provifion is made, or authority 'given to any court of equity to decree the fame to be paid; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the Court of equi> faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred ty, where a and forty five, in cafe any bill or bills (hall be brought, exhibit- bill fhall be filed, and filed in any court of equity, againft any perfon or per- ecl f°rany f"urn r 9 r	,	J r	r ^ J ^	,	/rr	r	won, may en-

lons, for any fum or fums or money won by any perfon or per- force the[r

fons after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fe- decree as in ven hundred and forty five, contrary to the true intent and other caufes. meaning of the faid act, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch court, wherein fuch bill fhall be brought, exhibited, and filed, to proceed and decree thereupon, and enforce fuch decree or decrees, as fhall be made in purfuance thereof, in the fame manner, as is pradtifed and ufed in other caufes, upon bills and an-fwers depending in the courts where fuch bill fhall be fo brought and exhibited.

IV.	And for the more eafy convidtion of perfons offending againft this or any other former adt, for preventing exceffive and deceitful gaming ; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon per- .

fons, who have jurifdidiion to hear and determine informations, rioVforaS** upon the ftatutes againft exceffive and deceitful gaming, upon offence* any information exhibited before them, for any offence commit- gainft thisaft, ted againft this adf, or againft the flatute made in the twelfth or Geo- *. year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An abi for the more ef-	„

* xr V\7TTT	*	* n	r	OF H vlCO* <***

Voi, XVIII,	C	c	fee-	l9*

Hosted by Google

336 Anno decimo octavo Georgii II. c. 34-	CI745»

feRual preventing of excejftve and deceitful gaming-, or againft one -other abl made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a5i to refrain and prevent the exceffive in-creafe of horfe races, and for amending an a5i made in the laft fejfion of parliament, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing Perfons ma - exce^lve and deceitful gaming ; to fummon any perfon or per-beFfum^iioned f°ns> ot^er than the party accufed, to appear before them, at to give evi- a certain day, time, and place, to be inferted in fuch fummons, deuce:	and to give evidence for the difcovery of the truth of the matter

1	in the faid information contained; and in cafe of neglebt, or

le^or^refivfal re^u^ to appear, or if upon appearance, fuch perfon or perfons to appear, or faall r^fufe to give evidence, or (hall give any falfe evidence, e-giving falfe very fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall forfeit and lole the evidence (hall fum 0f fifty pounds; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the of-foneit 50I. fender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch perfons iffuing fuch fummons as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons not appearing, or neglebting, or re-fufing to give fuch evidence, or giving any falfe evidence, (hall not have fufficient goods and chattels, whereon to levy the faid fum of fifty pounds, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall be, by fuch perfon or perfons, having jurifdiblion as aforefaid, committed to the common gaol for the county, city, or place, where ?ed^for06nmit” 0^ence ^all coronated, there to remain for the fpace months. °f fix months, without bail or mainprize.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. No perfon in- That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-capable of be- fand feven hundred and forty five, no perfon or perfons, other ing a witnefs, than the parties, plaintiff and defendant in the caufe, (hall be parties) for incapacitated from being a witnefs, touching any offence com-havingpiayod, mitted againft the laws for preventing exceffive and deceitful betted, &c. gaming, by reafon of having played, betted, or ftaked at any

game prohibited by this or any of the faid ftatutes.

VI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadled and declared, Provifo for That nothing in this a61 contained (hall extend to prevent or royal palaces, binder any perfon or perfons from playing at any game whatfo-

ever, within any of his Majefty’s royal palaces, wherein his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors (hall then abtually refide.

No privilege VIL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, of parliament That no privilege of parliament (hall be allowed to any perfon to be allowed or perfons whatsoever againft whom any profecution or pro-t?ons°&cU"	ceec^ng fhall be commenced or had, for keeping of any publick

ions, c.	of common gaming-houfe, or any houfe, room, or place for

playing at any game or games prohibited by this, or any other abl now in being, againft exceffive or deceitful gaming ; any law* ufage or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. perfons lofing VIII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon, after the commencement of this abt, (hall win or lofe at play, or by betting, at any one time, the fum or value of ten pounds, or within the fpace of twenty four hours the fum or value of twenty pounds, fuch perfon (hall be liable to be indibled for fuch offence within fix months after it is committed.

1 of at one time, or 20I. in 24 hours, may be in-dibled ;

Hosted by Google

1745.] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 34• 3S7

mitted, either before his Majefty’s juftices of the King’s bench, affize, gaol delivery, or grand feffions; and .being thereof legally convided, (hall be lined five times the value of the fum fo and fined $ won or loft; which fine (after fuch charges as the court fhall |^es the va" judge reafonable allowed to the profetutors and evidence out of1 the fame) fhall go to the poor of the parifh or place where fuch offence fhall be committed.

IX.	Provided neverthelefs, That if any perfon fo offending

fhall difcover any other perfon fo offending, fo that fuch perfon Offenders dif-be thereupon convidled, the perfon fo difcovering fhall be dif- fhers'^al^be charged and indemnified from all penalties, by reafon of any ditch arsed, fuch offence, if fuch perfon fo difcovering hath not been before convicted thereof, and fhall be admitted as an evidence to prove the fame.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing Not to repeal in this adl contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to 9 Ann. c. 14.. repeal or invalidate an adt made in the ninth year of the reign

qf her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for the better preventing excejfive and deceitful gaming.

XI.	And ivhereas in an adt paffed in the thirteenth year of his i5Geo.z.c 19. Majeffs reign, intituled, An adt to refrain and prevent the ex- f. 3, ceffive increafe of horfe races, and for amending an adt made in

the la If feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for the more ef-fedlual preventing of excejfive and. deceitful gaming; it is (among other things) enabled. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty, no horfe, mare, or gelding, being of the age offive years, fall be entered, farted or run, for any plate, prize, fum of money, or other thing whatfoever, u?ilefs fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, fhall carry ten fone 1weight, computing fourteen pounds to each fone weight; and that no horfe, mare, or gelding, being of the age of fix years, fall be entered, farted or run for any plate, prize, fum of money, or other thing whatfoever, un lefs fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, fall carry eleven fone, computing fourteen pounds to each fone weight; and that no horfe, mare, or gelding, being of the age of feven years, fall be entered, farted, or run for any plate, prize, fum of money, or other thing whatfo-ever, unlefs fuch horfe, mare, or gelding fall carry twelve fone weight, computing fourteen pounds to each fone weight; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fall enter, ft art, or run any horfe, tnare, or gelding of either of the ages afcrefaid, for any plate, prize, fum of money, or other thing, carrying lefs than the weights herein before directed to be carried, fuch horfe, mare, or gelduig, or the value thereof, fall be forfeited; and the perfon or perfons fo entering, farting, or running fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, fall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds: and ivhereas the thirteen royal plates of otie hundred guineas each, annually run for, as alfo the high prices that are conflantly givln for horfes of ftrength and fze, ore fuff dent to encourage breeders to raife their cattle to the uttnofl fze and frength poffble; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may he lawful for any perfon or per-fonSj from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou- RePe^led,

C c 2	land

Hosted by Google

388	Anno	deciitio oftavo Georgii II. c. 35. f r 745.

fand feven hundred and forty five, to run any match, or to ftart and run for any plate, prize, fum of money, or other thing, of the real and intrinfick value of fifty pounds, or upwards, at any weights whatfoever, and at any place or places whatfoever, without incurring or being liable to the penalty or penalties^ia the faid a<ft of the thirteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, relating to weights as aforementioned, and in the fame manner, as might have been done if the faid a<5t had never been made^ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for the further regulating and better government of his Majeflfs navies, fhips of war, and forces by fea, and for regulating the proceedings upon courts martial in the fea fervice. Rep. 22 Geo. 2. c. 33.

13 Car. a. c. 9. \\f H E R E A S in and by an aft of parliament made and paffed V V in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefy King Charles the Second, intituled, An a£t for eftablifhing articles and orders for the regulating and better government of his Majefty’s navies, fhips of war, and forces by fea, divers orders and directions ivere made and ejlablifbed, for the purpofes in the faid aft mentioned y and the feveral crimes and offences therein fpecifiedy are thereby direfted to be enquired into, and tried by courts martial to be holden for that purpofe: and it ivas thereby further enaftedy That the lord high admiral for the time being, Jhould have full poiver and, authority, by virtue of the faid aft, to grant commiffions to inferior vice admirals, or commander in chief of any fquadron of Jhipsy to call and qffemble courts martialy conftfling of commanders and captains; and that the judge advocate of any fleet for the time being jhould have full power and authority to adminfer an oathy in order to the examination or trial of any of the offences therein before mentioned \ and that in the abfence of the judge advocate, the court martial Jhould have full power and authority to appoint any p erf on to adminifler an oath to the purpofe afore faid: and whereas by reafon of fome defefts in the faid aft of parliament, and in the cotiflitution and proceedings of fuch courts martial, great inconvenience may happen to the publick j'ervicey and feveral crimes and offences, and mifdeameanorSy relating to the government of his Majefly s fleets, navies, and Jhips of wary may efcape punijhmenty to the great prejudice and dijhonour of thefe kingdoms: therefore, for the remedying and fupplying the faid defeats, and for maintaining a proper and ftridt government and difcipline of his Majefty’s navy, wherein at all times, and more efpecially in time of war, the wealth, firength, and fafety of thefe kingdoms are fo much concerned \ be it ena&ed, &c.

Lord high admiral, or commiffioners, &c. may grant commiffions to flag officers, See. or captains, to call courts martial; judge advocate to colled: the evidence, inform the court, and profecute; and to fummon witnefles; perfons fummoned not appearing, or not giving evidence, (hall forfeit 100I. Admiral, by whole powers any court martial is held not to prefide

there-

in osted by

Google

*745-] Anno dedmo o£tavo GeoRGII II. c.	389

therein.: but proceedings to be laid before him. Perfons committing perjury, or fuborning thereto, in any court martial, to be puniftied as by 5 feliz.-c. g. and 2 Geo. 2. c. 25. Corrupt pradtices, to perfuade perjury to be ufed in any court martial, to be profecuted in the King’s bench. The offence fufficient to be fet forth, without the commiffion for holding the court, &c. Articles of war, &c. with refpe<5t to crews of fhips wrecked or loll, to be in force: except taken by the enemy, until difcharged, removed, or tried : if on trial the crew have done their duty, their pay to continue ; or having adted contrary thereto, to be punifhed,

C AP. XXXVI.

An att for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cam-bricks and French lawns.

WHEREAS it is evidently for the advantage of this kingdom, that the wearing of cambricks and French lawnsJhould be prohibited ; be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty cambrick fourth day of fune, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one or French thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, it fhall not be lawful lawn to be for any perfon or perfons whatfoever to wear in Great Britain, worn, under in any garment or apparel whatfoever, any cambrick or French §ee a^Geo5^ lawn, under the penalty of forfeiting to the informer the fum c> of five pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, for every fuch offence, being lawfully convidled thereof by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any one or more juflice or juflices of the peace; which juflice and ^ufed! ^ ^ juflices is and are hereby refpedlively authorized, and ftri&Jy enjoined and required, upon any complaint or information upon oath, exhibited or brought of any fuch offence committed .contrary to this a61, within fix days after commitment thereof, to fummon the party accufed, and upon his or her appearance or contempt, to proceed to examination of the matter of fa6l; and upon due proof thereof made, either by voluntary confef-fion of the party, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes (which oath or oaths the faid juflice or juflices is and are hereby refpedlively impowered and required to adminifler,) to hear and determine the fame; and upon fuch convidtion, to caufe the faid penalty, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals refpedlively, to be levied by dillrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels, render- Penalty to be ing the overplus (the charges of fuch diflrefs and fale being firfl levied by dif-dedudled) neverthelefs it fhall be lawful for the party aggrieved, trefs.and fale. to appeal to the juflices of the peace at the next general or quar«- Appeal to the ter feffions to be holden for the county, city, riding, or place, quarter-fef-where the faid offence or offences fhall have been committed, feffions; giving fix days notice at lead of fuch appeal to the profecutor or *vin 6 ^ profecutors ; which juflices, at fuch general quarter feffions, notice. ^ are hereby authorized and impowered to hear and determine the fame, whofe determination fhall be final.

II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That

C c 3	if

Hosted by

Google

'The perfon scaring cam-bricks ck {covering the feller Ihali be difcharged

390	Anno	decimo odtavo Georgii II. c. 36.	;	[	1745*

Sellers of	if any perfon or perfons dial], from and after the faid twenty

cambnck	fourth day of "June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty

to ioiteit 5I. eigbt, vend, utter, fell, or expofe to fale any cambricks or French lawns, made or not made up, fuch perfon or perfons fo vending, uttering, felling, or expofing the fame to fale (except for exportation only) and (hall thereof be convicted, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and levied as a fore! aid.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared^ That if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, be profecuted by this a61 for wearing in or on any garment or apparel, any cambricks or French lawns, and fuch perfon or perfons (hall difcover upon oath, before any one or more juftice or juft ices of the peace, the perfon or perfons who fold fuch cambricks or French lawns, to fuch perfon or perfons fo wearing the fame, fuch perfon or perfons fo difeovering as aforefaid, (hall be, and is and are hereby freed and difeharged of and from all and every fuch penalties and forfeitures as aforefaid, for wearing fuch cambricks or French lawns ; and the perfon and perfons fo felling fuch cambricks or French lawns, to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall wear the fame, (hall be liable to the penalties and forfeitures herein before laid and inflidled ; and the fame (ball he recovered and levied, and difpofed of in fuch manner as the penalties and forfeitures which are inflidled by this a6t, for wearing of cambricks or French lawns.

No cambricks, IV. And it is further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That k to be imported till proof mai.ie that they are the property of liis Majelly’s fubje6ts.

from and after the tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, no cambricks or French lawns fhall be admitted to be imported or entered into any port of Great Britain, until after proof upon oath fhall have been made by the importer, or if a Quaker, by affirmation, at the time of entering the fame, before the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms at the port of importation (which oath or affirmation fuch officer or officers are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) either that the fame are the foie property of the importer, or of fome other of his Majefty’s fubjedls, and that no alien or foreigner hath any property, intereft, or concern whatfoever therein; or otherwife, if therein, proof any alien or foreigner hath any intereft or property therein, then, to l(e ™ader and in that cafe, proof fhall be given by the importer, to the flapped*"for£re fatisfa6lion of the aforefaid officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, that the fame were really and bona fide fhipped in order for diredt importation into Great Britain, on or before the faid tenth day cf May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five.

V. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That .from and after the hr ft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, it fhall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, to import or enter into any port of Great Britain, any foreign cambricks or French lawns, unlefs bills of load-ing be produced for the fame, or fuch other proof or evidence be given tothecommiffionersof hisMajefty’s cuftoms, ortothechief officer or officers of the cuftoms at the port of importation, as

they

If any alien hath intereft

importation before "May 10, 1745.

No foreign cambricks to be imported

Hosted by Google

x74-5*1 Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. C.37.	391

they fhall think fufficient or require, that the faid cambricks or French lawns were really and bona fide fhipped for direCl importation into Great Britain, on or before the faid firft day of Au* guji, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five,

VI.	Provided always, That it fhall and may be lawful toim- Conditions on port or enter into any part of Great Britain after the firft day qf AuguJ?, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, any cam-may de ink bricks, French lawns, or other linen whatfoever, of the kind ported, ufually entered under the denomination of cambricks, upon the importer making oath, or if a ghiaker, affirmation, that they are entered for exportation only, and that they are really uandon proof that bona fide the property of the faid importer, or of fome other of .thly are his Majefty’s fubjeCts, and that no alien or foreigner hath anyj °P r >> intereft or property therein ; and alfo upon the faid importer giving fufficient Security by bond, to the Satisfaction of the corn* t^ven^at^ iniffioners of the cuftoms, or the chief officer or officers thereof they fhall be at the port of importation, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs exported in $ and fucceffors, in double the value of the goods fo imported, years, fuch value to be afcertained by the oath or affirmation of the importer as aforefaid; and which bonds, oaths, and affirmations refpe&ively, the proper officers are hereby authorized and required to receive and adminifter, for payment of the fum of five pounds for each and every piece of fuch cambricks and French lawns, which (hall not be exported out of this kingdom, within the term of three years, after the entry of the fame; any thing to the contrary in this prefent a £ in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any piece or pieces of cam- Pieces loft by brick or lawn fo imported as aforefaid, (hall by fire, or any other fire, &c. not unavoidable accident, be loft or deftroyed, then and in that cafe,IiabI<: to the and upon making proof of fuch lofs, to the Satisfaction of his ^ na Majefty’s commiffioners of the cuftoms, or of the chief officer or officers thereof, at the port of importation, the faid commiffioners, or chief officer or officers, are hereby authorized and required to remit to the faid importer, the faid penalty of five pounds, payable for each and every piece not fo exported as aforefaid ; any thing to the contrary in this prefent aCt in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft for impowering the furviving commiffioners and truf-tees for forfeited eftates to execute proper conveyances of the late lord WiddnngtonT eftate^ in the county of Northumberland (contrafted for by the York Buildings company) to truftees for the creditors of the faid company, upon payment of a fum of money therein mentioned into his Majefty' s exchequer.

1IT H E R E A S by virtue of an aft made and faffed in the firft year , Geo. 1. c.

* * of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled AnaClfor appointing commiffioners to enquire of the eftates of

C c 4	certain



Hosted by Google

39*	Anno	decimo	o&avo	GeoRGH II. c. 37.	[1745"

certain traitors, and popith recufants, and of eftates given to fuperftitious ufes, in order to raife money out of them feverally 4 Geo. 1. c, 8. for the ufe of the publick ; and of another aft made and pajjed in the fourth year of the reign of his faid hie Majefly, intituled, An adt for vetting the forfeited eftates in Great Britain and Ireland in truft-ees, to be fold for the ufe of the publick ; and for giving relief to lawful creditors, by determining the claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the refpedfive exchequers the rents and profits of the faid eftates till fold; all and every the cafiles, honours, lordfhips, manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements, rents, reverfons, fei vices, remainders, pojfejfions, royalties, franchifes, jurifdiftions, privileges, tf/; J hereditaments whatfoever,	of what nature or kind

foever they he, iff Great Britain, Ireland, ^r elfewhere,) whereof any per fen or per font who, fnce the tiventy fourth day of June, iff the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, had been attainted, or before the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, Jhould be attainted for high treafon, committed before the firjl day of June, one thoufand feven hundred andfixteen, within Great Britain,	elfewhere, ztwr

Jhould have been feized, <?r poffeffed of or interejled in, #r intitle d unto, on the twenty fourth day of June, ^ thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, or at any time afterwards, iff to, to', <?r /tor <?zt>ff rig/?/, <?r to, to, /tor flz^ff or whereof any other perfon or perfons was, were, ^r Jhould have been feized, 0r poffeffed of or interejled in, to the ufe of or in trufi for them, or any of them, on the faid twenty fourth day of June, 0ff£ thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, or at any time afterwards, were vefied in, and fettled upon, Richard Grantham efquire, George Treby efquire, Arthur Ingram efquire, George Gregory efquire, Sir Richard Steele bright. Sir Henry Hoghton baronet, Patrick Haldane efquire. Sir Thomas Hales baronet, Robert Monro efquire, Henry Cuning-hame efquire, Denis Bond efquire, John Birch ferjeant at law, Sir John Eyles baronet, their heirs, executors, adminifirators, and affgns, from the tiventy fifth day of March, 0;^ thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, to the end the fame might be bargained, fold, difpofed of and applied, by the faid trufiees, and the furvivors of them, to and for the ufes and purpofes in the faid a LI of the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, mentioned, declared and appointed; ffffi i/	thereby further enabled. Thatfrom and after thefaid twenty

fifth day of March, 0ff£ thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, the faid commiffioners and truflees, or any four or more of them, refiding in England, Scotland, or Ireland refpeftively, Jhould, and they were thereby citabled and required to fell all and fingular the eftates and in-terefis vefied in them as aforefaid, and every or any part or parcel ■ thereof, to any perfon or perfons, being protefiants, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs, fucceffors, executors, adminifirators or afiigns (other than the faid commiffioners and truflees, or their officers refpec-tively, or any other or others in trufi for them, or any of them) who ' Jhould become pur chafer or pur chafers thereof; and that the faid com-miffioners and truflees, or any four or more of them, refiding in England, Scotland, or Ireland refpetlively, after caufing publick notice

U

Hosted by Google

1745-1 Anno decimo o&avo Georgii II. C. 37.

to be given, as is therein mentioned\ Jhould expofe the fame to fate, in fuch parts or proportions as they Jhould think convenient, by cant or auction, beginning or fetting up the fame at fuch price as the faid com-mijfioners and trufees,	any four or more of them., refiding in Eng-

land, Scotland, or Ireland refpeCtively^ Jhould think fit \ and that every perfon or per fans, who Jhould thereupon bid moft for the fame in Jierling money, over and above the price fa to be fat thereon as afore-faid, Jhould be deemed and reputed to be the pur chafer or pur chafers thereof; and that the faid commijfioners and trufees, or any four or more of them, refiding in England, Scotland, and Ireland refpec-tively, Jhould immediately,	^77	fuch	fale	or contract,	<z/z

£1? wtfc/* in their books of all and every the particular efiates fa fold and contracted for, and what efate and inter eji they fold therein, and of the buyers names and places of abode, and the prices agreed upon ; and for the further fatisfaClion of fuch buyers or contractors, if they Jhould infifi thereupon, the faid commijfioners and trufees, or any four or more of them, refiding in England, Scotland, Ireland refpeCtively, Jhould give a note in writings under their hands and Jealsy unto the feveral buyers refpeCtively, exprejjing the particulars by them bought, and for what efate or inter ef therein,	the pyrice or con-

federation thereof and the time offuch fale or contract; thereupon every fuch buyer or buyers Jhould pay the price agreed upon into the receipt of his Majefys exchequers in England and Scotland refpeCtively , at fuch time as the faid commijfioners or trufees, or any four or more of them rejiding in England, Scotland, or Ireland refpeCtively ^ Jhould appoint; and the faid commijfioners and trufees, or any four or more of them refiding in England, Scotland, or Ireland refpeCtively , being certified of the payment thereof into the refpeCtive exchequers*, Jhould execute an indenture or contract of bargain and fale of the parcels fa bought and paid for, as aforefaid, to fuch buyer or buyers thereof forfuch efate or inter ef therein, as thefaid commijfioners and trufees, or any four or more of them, refiding in England, Scotland, or Ireland refpeCtively ^ Jhould have contracted to fell the fame; every which faid indenture or contract Jhould particularly exprefs or recite the confideration paid or given for the fame, and Jhould thereof acquit and difaharge everyfuch purchafer or pur chafer j, his and their heirs, fiucceffors, executors, adminifrators, and cffigns : and it was thereby further enacted, That the powers thereby given to the faid commifioners and trufees, Jhould not determine by the deaths of any one or more of them : and in cafe of the death or deaths of any one or more of the faid commijfioners and truflees, the furvivors of them (being four or more to refide /a England, and as many in Scotland^ Jhould, and they were thereby required and authorized to execute and perform all the trufis, powers, matters, and things in the faid aCls contained\ as fully and effectually, as the ivhole number of commiffion-ers and trufees thereby appointed, or any quorum of them, might execute or perform, if they ivere all livings as by the faid fever al aCts of parliament may more fully and at large appear; and whereas William late lord Widdrington was, after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufandfeven hundred a?id fiftceny and before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hun-

Tlosted by CjOO^Ic

394

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 37.	[1745*

dred and eighteen? attainted for high treafon? committed before the firft day of June, one tboufand feven hundred and fifteen; and was? at the time of fuch his attainder, feizcd? poffejfed of interefed in? and intitled unto, in his own right,	his own proper ufe,	0/* di-

vers manors? mefjuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, _///&-ate, lying and beings in the county ^Northumberland, ^ the yearly value of one thoufand five hundred fifty eight pounds? fourteen /hillings , *7 W	;	and by force and virtue of the faid attainder?

fever al acts of parliament herein before mentioned, the fa id'federal manors? mejfuages? lands? tenements? and hereditaments became vefled in the faid Richard Grantham, George Treby, Arthur Ingram, George Gregory, <S7r Richard Steele, knight? «S/r Henry Hoghton baronet? Patrick Haldane, 5;> Thomas Hales, Robert Monro, Henrj Cuninghame, Denis Bond, John Birch, .tfW S7r John Eyles, for the fever al intents and purpefes in the faid afts of parliament mentioned: and whereas in purfuance of the faid aft of the fourth year of his faid late Majefiy, faid commiffioners and trufiees, yiwr of them refiding in England did? on the thirtieth day of March, the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty,	//Wr &?///£ Effex Street, /« /A* parijh of

Saint Clement Danes, the county of Middlefex, put up to Jale by way of cant or auftion, fever al manors? mejfuages? lands, ments? and hereditaments? being the efiate of the faid late lord Wid-drington, lying in the parijh ^Woodhorne, in the county of Northumberland, fpecified and deferibed in a particular or rental thereof? printed and publi/hed by order and direftions of the faid commijfi-oners? or of four or more of them? and therein mentioned to be of the rent or value of one thoufand eight hundred and eight pounds? fourteen/hillings? and two pence per annum, exclufiveof the incumbrances charged upon? and affefting the fame; and therein mentioned to amount together to the yearly fum of one hundred twenty five poutids? feventeen /hillings? and eight pence ; and it was at the time of putting up the faid efiate to falc? fiipulated and preferibed? that the pur-chafer of the find efiate Jhould pay one fifth part of the pur chafe money into the exchequer? on or before the twenty fourth of June then next, and the remaining four fifths into thefaid exchequer, on or before the twenty ninth day of September then next enfiuing? together with lawful interejl for the fame? after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the thirtieth day of the faid month of March, to the day of payment into the exchequer •? and that the purfhafer Jhould be intitled to the rents arifingfrom Martinmas then left: and whereas Qhxiftxzn Cole of London efquire? for and on the behalf of the governor and company of undertakers for raifing the Thames water in York Buildings, did? on the faid thirtieth day of March, one thoufand /even hundred and twenty, bid the fum offifty feven thoufand one hundred pounds for the faid efiate; which fum being the utmefi that was bid for the fame? the faid Chridian Cole was? by the faid George Gregory, Henry Cuninghame, Denis Bond, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir John Eyles, and John Birch, being fix of the commiffioners and trufiees refiding in England,, on the faid thirtieth day of March, deemed and declared to be the befi pur chafer thereof?

Hosted by Google

395

1745*1 Anno declmo odtavo Georgii IF. C. 37.

tf/zi the faid commijfioners and truftees did certify, that they the faid xommijjioners and truftees loft named had,	the faid thirtieth day of

March, contracted to fell the faid eflate to the faid Chriftian Cole for the faid Jiim of fifty feven thoufand one hundred pounds to hold the [aid efiate to the faid Chriftian Cole, his heirs and affigns for ever ; and the faid Chriftian Col tdid thereupon agree to pay the pur-chafe money for the faid eflate, according to the faid conditions of the fate thereof; and the faid governor and company, or fome of their officers or a gent s.) was or were foon after put into the poffeffion of and in the receipt of the rents and profits of the faid efiates; and the faid Chriftian Cole figneda declaration oftrufi on the back of the faid contract, declaring that the pur chafe therein mentioned to be made by him, was fo made by him for and upon the account of \ and as agent for the faid governor and company ; and that the money paid on account of the faid pur chafer ivas the proper money of the faid governor and company, and thereby dcfired and authorized the truftees appointed for that pur* pofe, to convey to the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, the lands and hereditaments fo by him pur chafed: and whereas thefaid governor and company, in purfuance of the faid conditions of fale, paid on account of the faid fale, into the receipt of his [aid late Majefiys exchequer at W eftminfter, on the twenty fifth of] une, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, the fum of eleven thoufand five hundred and fifty fix pounds, one /hilling, and eleven pence, being one fifth part of the faid pur chafe money and inter eft then accrued due for the fame ; and whereas the faid whole fum of fifty feven thoufand one hundred pounds fo contracted, and agreed to be paid for the pur chafe of the prcmi/fes, was not paid on the twetity ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, purfuant and according to the terms of the faid contract, but feveral confiderable fums of money have fince been paid on account of the faid fale, into the receipt of his Majefiy' s exchequer, which including the fum fo paid on the twenty fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and tiventy ; as one fifth part of the faid purchafe money, amount together to the fum of fifty one thoufand nine hundredfeventy two pounds, five /hillings, and ten pence, and the refidue or fur plus of the purchafe money, being five fhoufand one hundred and twenty feven pounds, fourteen findings, and two pence, was retained by the faid governor and company, on account of an abatement and allowance craved by them thereout, in refpeCl of fever al over-valuations, which zvere made in the printed rental or particular, by ivhich the faid efiate ivas pur chafed: and whereas the faid governor and company being indebted confiderably on their bonds, did by indentures of leafe and releafe, dated the feventeenth and eighteenth days of January, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty one, convey the faid eflate fo pur chafed or contracted for by them, as afore-faid, unto certain truftees therein named, in trufi to be fold for the payment offuch of the bond creditors as had accepted the faid efiate as a fecurity, and the faid truftees were foon after put into pojfefiion of the faid efiates; and whereas by a decree of the high court of Chancery, made on the twenty fourth day of O&ober, one thoufand feven hundred and forty, in a caufe ivherein fever al of the bond creditors of the faid company,, claiming under the Jaid trufi, were plaintiffs, and %	the

Hosted by Google

Anno depmo o&avo Georgii II. C.37;	[1745.'

the faid governor and company, and the faid truftees under the lafi conveyance were defendants,it was ordered and decreed, that the faid creditors were intitled to the benefit of the faid trufls, and that an account fhould he taken of their debts, and that the faid efiate fimild be fold forjatisfying the Jame, fubjeft to the demand of the crown for what remained due of the pur chafe money, and that the money arifing by fuch fale (after fetting apart thirty thoufand pounds to anf-wer the demands of the annuitants for lives charged on the faid com-pany s efiates in Scotland) Jhould be applied in fatisfaftion of ivhat fhould appear to be really and bona fide due to fuch bond creditors of the faid company, as were within the ter?ns and conditions of the faid trufi, and the faid truftees defiring to be difcharged of their trufi, it was ordered, that they fhould be difcharged accordingly, and that new truftees Jhould be appointed in their fiead: and whereas Sir Andrew Chadwick knight, Samuel Grove clerk, and another perfonfince deceafed, were in purfitance of the faid order appointed truftees, in the room and fiead of the former truftees fo difcharged by the faid or-der, and the faid Sir Andrew Chadwick, and Samuel Grove a re now in the poftfefjion of and receipt of the rents and profits of the faid efiates, and there is now due to the feveral creditors of the faid company, claiming under the faid truft the fum of one hundred and twenty one thoufand pounds, a?id upwards: and whereas all the truftees of the forfeited efiates appointed by the faid aft of parliament of the fourth year of his faid mhjefiy King George the Firft, except the faid Sir Thomas Hales baronet, George Gregory, and Denis Bond, are dead: and whereas a confiderable fum of money hath accrued and become due for inter eft, as ivell of fuch part of the faid principal fum of fifty feven thoufand one hundred pounds, fo cotttrafted to be paid for the pur chafe of the premiffes, as zvas not paid into the exchequer within the time fiipulated and appointed by the faid contra ft, as of the faid fum of five thoufand one hundred twenty feven pounds, fourteen /hillings, and two pence, fo remaining unpaid, and retained by the pur chafers, as, afor faid: and whereas the creditors of the York Buildings company have propofed, and are willing to pay into the receipt of his Majefiy s exchequer, the faid fum of five thoufand one hundred twenty feven pounds, fourteen Jhillings, and two pence, being the remainder of the principal money fo contrafted, to be paid for the purchafe of the efiate of the faid William, late lord Wid-drington, in the county ^Northumberland, as aforefiid, and they having made their humble petition and application to parliament, for an allowance and abatement in refpeft of the feveral over-charges and over-valuations, which ivere made in the printed rental or particular by which the faid efiate was pur chafed ; and for relief in the premiffes, the commons of Great Britain in this prefentparliament aftfem-bled, have taken their cafe into con,ftderation, and have thought itjuft and rcafionable, that the faid fum of five thoufasid one hundred twen-r ty feven pounds, fourteen J.hillings, and two pence, being the principal money remaining due for the purchafe of the late lord Widdrington’r efiate, in the county ^/'Northumberland, contrafted for by the York Buildings company, fhould be accepted in full difeharge of the pur-chafe money for that efiate, and that the furviving commiffioners and

tnftees

Hosted by Google

J74-6-] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. C. i.	397

trujiees for the forfeited efates, Jhould be authorized and impowered to execute proper conveyances of the ftaid efate to the trufees for the creditors ofihe faid company, upon payment of the faidjum into his Majefty s exchequer : wherefore we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons in parliament aiTembled, moft humbly befeech your Majefty, That it may beenafted, &c.

On payment of 5,117b 14s. 2d. into the Exchequer before June 24, 1745, and producing a voucher thereof, to the fufviving commiflioners of 4 Geo. x. or their heirs, they may convey the eftate of the late lord Widdring-ton, to truftees for the purpofes mentioned by indenture and decree of Chancery.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft for rendering more effeftual the feveral afts paffed for the erefting of hofpitals and workhoufes within the city of Briftol, for the better employing and maintaining of the poor thereof.

Anno decimo nono GEORGII II. Regis.

AT the parliament began and holden at Weftminfler, the firfl day of December, Anno Domini one thou-fand feven hundred and forty one, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our fovereign lord George the Second\ by the grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the fevent tenth day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, being the fifth fefifion of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An a51 to impower his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch per-fons as his Majefty fhall fufpebt are confpiring againjl his p erf on and government. Exp.

WHEREAS a wicked and unnatural rebellion is begun, and now carrying on, in that part of this kingdom called Scotland, by divers of his Majefty s fubjefts, encouraged by his enemies abroad, in order to fet a popift pretender upon the throne, to the utter deftru5lion of the proteftant religion, and the lazvs and liberties of this free confitution : for the better prefervation of his MajeU ty’s facred perfon, and the fecuring the peace of this kingdom in a time of fo much danger, againft all traiterous attempts and confpiracies whatfoever ; beitenafted, &c.

Perfons imprifon’d for fufpicion of high treafon may be detained without bail, until the 19th day of April 1746. The Scotch aft for preventing wrongous imprifonment fufpended. This aft to be in force until the 19th day of April, 1746, and no longer. Members of either houfe of parliament during leffion, exempted, unlefs the confent of the houfe be obtained. The horfes of fufpefted perfons may be feized j the owners to pay for their keeping, Mares in foie, &c, excepted,

CAP,

Hosted by Google

398

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c.2,—6.

3 6 Geo. 2 s

C. I So

r 174^*

CAP. II.

An a£l to raife the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, although the month’s pay formerly advanced bath not yet been jtpaid 3 and to raife fuch part of the faid militia, as fhall be judged rnoft proper^ ready, and convenient. Exp.

His Majefty may order the militia to be drawn out into adhial fervice, at any time before 30 November, 1746. Each foldier to be provided with one month’s pay in hand. The militia of any city, town, See. to march within that time, as ordered by the King, and the pay, &c. advanced to be repaid it* 6 months by afteftfnent.

CAP. III.

An a6t for granting an aid to his Majelfy by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix. EXP. At 4s. in the pound.

CAP. IV.

An a£t for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England j and for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland $ for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty lix. EXP.

CAP. V.

An a& to enable his Majefty to make rules, orders, and regulations, more eftedtually to prevent the fpreading of the diftemper, which now rages amongft the horned cattle in this kingdom.

His Majefty, with the advice of his privy council, to make fuch rules from time to time, as he fliall judge mod expedient, in Great Britain, Ireland, &c. for prohibiting the removal or fale, &c. of diftempered cattle 3 and alfo for the burial of the beafts that die, or are killed whilft infedled. The regulations to be notified as his Majefty, fhall think proper $ and read the firft Sunday after the receipt, and every month while in force, in all churches, See. after prayers:	The	orders, &c. to be kept by the minif-

ter, Scc. for infpe&ion of the parifhioners, &c. His Majefty by proclamation, may	prohibit the	importation or exportation	of cattle, hides.

Scc. Perfons	convicted of	olfending	before a juftice of	peace, to forfeit

10I. or be committed for three months. Perfons offending in other parts of the King’s dominions, to be punifhed as guilty of a great mifdemeanor. Perfons convidfted before a juftice, may appeal to the next feftions, giving notice to the juftice, &c. and fecurity for cofts. This a6f, and all rules made thereon, to be in force for 8 months, and to the end of the then next feftion. Continued and amended 20 Geo. 2. c. 4.	21 Geo. 2. c. 33.

22 Geo. 2. c.	46.	23 Geo.	2. c. 23.	24 Geo. 2. c. 54.	25 Geo. 2. c. 31.

26 Geo. 2. c.	34.	27 Geo.	2. c. 14.	Continued to 1 Sept. J754, See,

CAP. VI.

An adl for eftablifioing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for cancelling certain exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned \ and for obliging them to advance the fum of one million upon the credit of the land tax, and malt duties granted to his Ma~ jejly for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made andpaffed in the fifteenth year of hisprefent Majefif 5 reign, intituled, An a 61

for

Hosted by Google

399

174-6-] Anno declmo nono Georgii II. c. 6.

for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon victuallers, and retailers of beer and ale within the cities of London and Wejiminjler, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for transferring the exchequer bills unfatisfied thereupon to the duties for licences to fell fpirituous liquors and ftrong waters by retail; and alfo for enabling his Majefty to raife a certain fum of money for the fer-vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, to be further charged on the faid duties for licences; it was (amottgfl other things) enabled, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty three, the feveral rates and duties impofed by an aft of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefy King George the Firft, upon all victuallers and retailers of beer and ale within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the zveekly bills of mortality, Jhould from thenceforth ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; and it was thereby alfo enafted,

That from and after the jaid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufandfeven hundred and forty three, the principal fum of four hundred eighty one thoufand four hundred pounds in exchequer bills (part of the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds advanced and lent into the receipt of his Majefifs exchequer, by the governor and company of the bank <?/" England, upon the credit of the faid rates and duties, at an inter eft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum) made forth in purfuance of the faid aft of the tivelf th year of his faid late Majefty s reign, which then remained unfatisfied and undifeharged, together with the interefl thereupon, and the charges of circulating the fame, Jhould be transferred from the faid rates and duties then charged with the fame, and be charged (together with the fum of five hundred and eighteen thoufand fix hundred pounds, direfted to be raif-ed by the before recited aft of the fixteenth year of his prefent Majefty s reign, toivards the fupply for the faid year one thoufand jeven hundred and forty three) nip on the duties granted and made payable to his Majefty, by virtue of another aft of parliament puffed in the faid ,5 Geo. --fixteenth year of his Majefty s reign, intituled, An adt for repeal- c. 8. ing certain duties upon fpirituous liquors, and on licences for retailing the fame ; and for laying other duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences to retail the faid liquors ; as in and by the faid aft, relation being thereunto had, ?nay more fully appear : and whereas, in purfuance of the Jaid firjl herein recited aft of the faid fixteenth year of his Majefty s reign, the faid Jura of four hundred eighty one thoufand four hundred pounds in exchequer bills ; as alfo the faid further fum of five hundred and eighteen thoufandfix hundred pounds, amounting together to the principal fum of one million, were charged upon the Jaid duties arifing by licences, as aforefaid', at an. interejl after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum ; which faid exchequer bills, by paying off part of the faid principalfumy do now amount to no more than the principal fum of nine hundred and eighty fix thoufand eight hundred pounds: and whereas the faid gever-mr and company of the bank of England are willing and contented, that the faid fum of nine hundred and eighty fix thoufand eight hundred pounds in exchequer bills, remaining unfatisfied on the faid duties payable for licences to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, may be cancelled

and

Hosted by Google

The bank to deliver up to the trealury, all the exchequer bills for 986,800 1. charged on the duties ari-fing by licences, to their being cancelled.

The intereft due on bills,to be paid off.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 6:	[174&

and difeharged, and in lieu thereof to accept of an annuity of thirty nine thoufand four hundred andfeventy two pounds, being the ititerefl on the faid fum at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to be charged upon the fame Jecurities; and thefaid governor and company are alfo ivilling to advance and pay into the receipt of his MajeJ-ty s exchequer, toivards the fapply granted to his Majeftyfor the fer-vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, the fum of one million, upon the credit of the rates, duties and ajfeffments arifng by the malt a?id land tax granted for the fervice of the year one thou-jand Jeven hundred and forty fix, at four pounds per centum per annum, for exchequer bills to be iffued for that purpofe ; provided that they may have a power to create and difpofe of the faid fum of nine hundred and eighty fix thoufand eight hundred pounds of bank flock [to be joined and incorporated with their prefent capital) in fuch manner^ and at fuch times, as they J.hall think proper, with fuch further pow-ers, privileges and advantages, as have been ufually granted by for-tner afls of parliament on the like occafions: Now we, your Ma-jefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjecls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afiembled, thinking it will be of advantage to the publick, to accept the propofal of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and in lieu of the faid fum of nine hundred and eighty fix thoufand eight hundred pounds in exchequer bills, to be cancelled as aforelaid, to give and grant unto the faid governor and company a certain annuity or yearly fum herein after mentioned, do mod humbly befeech your Ma-jedy that it may be ena&ed, and be it enaeded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fucceftbrs, (hall, and they are hereby required, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, to deliver up unto fuch perfon or perfons as the commiffioners of the trea-fury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the trea-fury for the time being fhall nominate, all the faid exchequer bills charged upon the faid duties arifing by licences, as afore-faid, amounting,in the whole to the fum of nine hundred and eighty fix thoufand eight hundred pounds, to be difeharged, cancelled, and made void, in fuch manner as the faid commif-iioners of the treafury, or the faid high treafurer, for the time being, fhall appoint, without iffuing again the fame, or any of them.

IL And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That all the intereft or premium which fhall be due upon the faid exchequer bills, to be delivered up to be cancelled, and made void as aforefaid, together with the charges of circulating the fame, fhall be fully cleared and paid off; any thing in this or any former act to the contrary-thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

III. And

Hosted by Google

174^*1

Anno decimo nono Georgii 'II. c. 6*

. III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That for and in lien of the faid principal fum of nine hundred and eighty fix thoufand eight hundred pounds in exchequer bills, herein before directed to be delivered up to be cancelled and made void; the faid governor and company of the bank ofEngland^ and their fucceflors, (hall, from and after the faid twenty fiFth day of March, one thoufand (even hundred and forty fix, be intitled to have, receive, and enjoy, at the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, one annuity or yearly fum of thirty nine thoufand four hundred and feventy two pounds, being after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for and upon the faid principal fum of nine hundred and eighty fix thoufand eight hundred pounds, to be paid and payable in the manner and form herein after mentioned, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifoes herein after contained for that purpofe.

IV.	And it is hereby further enadded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid yearly fund, or fum of thirty nine thoufand four hundied and feventy two pounds, is, and (hall by virtue of this a61, be charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be paid and payable from time to time, in the firfl place, and with preference to all other payments whatfoever, out of the monies which (hall arife into the faid receipt of exchequer, of or for the duties payable to his Majefty, for licences to fell fpirituous liquors, and ftrong waters by retail, in purfuance of the before recited a61 of the fixteenth year of his Majefty’s reign; any thing in this or any former adt to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

V.	And be it further ena61ed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, fit all have, receive, and enjoy at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, as aforefaid, by and out of the faid yearly fund, eftablifhed as aforefaid, one annuity or yearly fum of thirty nine thoufand four hundred and feventy two pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, to commence from the faid twenty fifth day of March, which (hall be in the#year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, and to be paid and payable to them and their fucceflors for ever, at the four moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, The feafts of the nativity of Saint John the baptift, Saint Adi-chael the archangel, the birth of our Lord Chrift, and the annunciation of the blefied Virgin Mary, by even and equal portions, the firft quarterly payment thereof to be made at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the baptift, which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, fubjedl neverthelefs to the provifoes of redemption herein after contained for that purpofe; and that ihe faid annuity or yearly fum of thirty nine thoufand four hundred and feventy two pounds, and every part thereof, (hall he free from all manner of taxes, impofitions, or charges whatfoever.

VI.	And for the better and more regular payment of the faid

Vox.. XVIII.	D	d	annuity

40i

In lieu of the 986,800 b in exchequer bills, the bank from March 25, 1746, to receive an annuity of 39,4.7*1.

until redemp* tion by parliament.

The annuity to be paid with preference.

at four quarterly pay-, meats.

free from taxes.

Hosted by Google

4

402	Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 6.	[1746-

annuity of thirty nine thoufand four hundred and feventy two pounds to the faid governor and company of the bank of Eng-land, and their fucceflors for ever, fubje6t to the redemption Orders to be aforefaid, an order or orders (hall be figned by the commiffio-figned by the ners of the treafury now, or for the time being, or any three treatury for or mo^e of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, oflhe^nnuky. ^or PaYment thereof, and after figning thereof, the fame (hall be good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this acft, and (hall not be determinable by or upon the death or removal of any of the faid commiftiOners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them, nor (hall any commifiioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer now or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void fuch order or orders fo (igned as aforefaid.

VII.	And for the more fpeedy payment of the faid annuity, or yearly fum of thirty nine thoufand four hundred and feventy -The rro'iey to two pounds, to the laid governor and company as aforefaid ; it be pa d week- \s hereby declared and enadfed, That weekly or otherwife, as arifeaSlt ^ie money	faic* duties (hall from time to time be brought

into the faid receipt of exchequer, the fame (hall and may be iffued upon the faid order or orders, for or towards difcharging the faid annuity, to grow due for and at the end of the quarter in which fuch payment (hall be made, fo as fuch weekly, or other payments, do not exceed the fum of the quarterly payment, which (hould grow due for or at the end of every fuch quarter refpedlively.

The annuity VIII. And it is hereby enabled, That the faid annuity of to be perfonal thirty nine thoufand four hundred and feventy two pounds, and eftate.	every part thereof, (hall be adjudged to be a perfonal, and not

a real eftate, and (hall not be liable to any foreign attachment; any law or cullom to the contrary notwithftanding.

If the monies IX. And it is hereby ena&ed by th£ authority aforefaid, That arifing by the if at any time or times, after the faid twenty fifth day of March, !icen^es> ^ one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, the produce of the the quarterl^ duties arifing by licences as aforefaid, lhall be fo low or de-payments; ficient, as that the monies arifen therefrom into the exchequer, at the end of any. of the faid quarterly feafts, (hall not be fuf-to^emade07 ^c^ent t0 PaY an<^ difcharge the quarter’s annuity, then due and good out of payable according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad; the overplus then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, the deficiency of of any fubfe- any fuch quarter (hall and may be fupplied out of the overplus quentquarter, monies 0f the faid duties arifing in any fubfequent quarter; and in cafe, at any time or times after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, fuch produce fhall be fo low or deficient, at the end of any one year (com-andall arrears Put]ng the fame to end at Lady-day yearly) as that the fame fhall at the end of not be lufficient to pay and difcharge the whole year’s annuity the year out then grown due, then every fuch yearly deficiency (hall, from (bpplies^ time t0	anfwered	and made good by and out of the

Hosted by Google

174^-] Anno decimo nono Geo£giI II. c. 6♦	403

firft fupplies, which (hall be granted in parliament next after fuch deficiency (hall appear; and in cafe no fuch fupplies (hall be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiency (hall happen, then the fame (hall be made good out of any the monies which at any time or times (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies off finking the faid Sinking Fund, as are appropriated to any particular ufefun * or ufes by any former a61 or adls of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid Sinking Fund (hall and may be from time to time iflued and applied accordingly*

X.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority afore- Provifo# faid. That whatever money (hall be iffued out of the faid Sinking Fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the

firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament,

XI.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority afore- Upon repay-faid, That upon repayment by parliament to the faid governor ment of the and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, of ai/arrear^of the faid principal fum of nine hundred and eighty fix thoufand jntereft, the eight hundred pounds, without any deduction, difcount, or annuity to abatement whatfoever to be made out of the fame, or any partcea^e* thereof, and of all arrears of the faid annuity, or yearly fum of

-thirty nine thoufand four hundred and feventy two pounds, then, and not till then, the faid annuity, or yearly fum, (hall from thenceforth ceafe, and be underflood to be redeemed; and from and after fuch redemption, the monies arifing by the faid duties for licences by this act, diredled to be fet apart for the payment of the faid annuity, or yearly fum of thirty nine thoufand four hundred and feventy two pounds, (hall not be iflued or applied to any ufe or purpofe, but as (hall be diredled by ^future adl or adds of parliament; any thing in this, or in any former adt or adds of parliament to the contrary notwithftand-

ing-

XII.	And in regard it is intended that the faid annuity or yearly fum of thirty nine thoufand four hundred and feventy two pounds, may he redeemed by fuch payments as are herein after mentioned, and that as the faid principal money fhall be paid off', the faid annuity fall proportionally fink and be abated; be it therefore provided

and enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time or^PonPay' times after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand ^^snot^efs-feven hundred and forty fix, payment be made to the faid go-tiian one vernor and company of the bank of England of any fum or moiety of the fums of money, not lefs than one moiety of the faid fum of principal, See. _ mine hundred and eighty fix thoufand eight hundred pounds at onetime; and alfo, if payment be then likewife made of all portion?1"0" arrears of the faid annuity, then from and after fuch payment fo made, fo much of the faid annuity, as (hall bear proportion to the monies fo paid in part of the faid whole principal fum, fhall ceafe, determine, and be underfiood to be redeemed ; any thing in this a<51, or any former adt or adls of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

D d %	XIII.	And

Hosted by Google

The bank may further enlarge their capital to a fum equal to the loan.

404	Aftno	decimo	nono	Georgii	II. c. 6. f 1:746.

XIII.	And ivhereas it is necejfary that the faid governor and com-pany Jhould he enabled to ferve the puhlick in fuch ivay and manner as Jhall be mofi fafe and convenient for them ; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of the bank of England,. and their fucceflors, in cafe they (hall think fit, and not other-wife, to admit and take in by fale, call, or fubfcription (or by fuch other ways or means as they fhall judge proper) from fuch perfon or perfons, and upon fuch terms and conditions, and at fuch times as they (hall think proper, for enlarging their pre-fent capital to any fum, not exceeding the further fum of nine hundred and eighty fix thoufand eight hundred pounds additional flock (over and above what they are impowered to create by any former a61 or ads of parliament in that behalf) and from time to time, in a general court, to declare, order, and make the fame or any part thereof (and from fuch time or times as fuch general court fhall order and dired) to be added to the prefent capital dock of the faid governor and company; and that then, and from thenceforth, fuch monies fhall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purpofes, as and for part of the capital dock of the faid governor and company; and the capital dock of the faid governor and company fhall be proportionably enlarged thereby ; and that all and every the perfon and per-fons, natives or foreigners, who fhall lubfcribe, anfwer, or pay in any fum or fums of money, or for whom any fum or fums of money fhall have been fubfcribed, anfwered, or paid in, as members^&c. aforefaid, towards the making up the faid further fum of nine of the com- hundred and eighty fix thoufand eight hundred pounds dock, Pany»	or fuch part thereof for which the laid governor and company

fhall take in fubfcriptions, or make fuch fale, call, or other demand, as aforefaid, and who fhall have paid to the faid governor and company the fum fo fubfcribed, or otherwife demanded as aforefaid ; and the executors, adminidrators, and affigns of fuch perfon and perfons relpedively, fhall be, and be deemed, and reputed to be members of, and united to, and incorporated with the faid governor and company of the bank of Eng-land, and fhall at all times, together with the other members of the faid corporation and body politick, and their fucceffors refpe&ively, be, and be adjudged, condrued, reputed, accepted, and taken to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of The governor and company of the bank of England, fubject to the fame rules, orders, and regulations, and intitled to the fame privileges, advantages, and immunities, with the prefent members of the faid corporation; and that all executors, adminidrators, guardians, and trudees, fhall be indemnified in making any fuch payments upon fuch calls, fales, fubfcriptions, or otherwife, as aforefaid; any law, datute, or provifion to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithdanding.

The Increafed XlVh And it is hereby enacded by the authority aforefaid, capital to be That the capital dock of the faid governor and company of the tranferrabtej	Qp	Tngland^	fo	increafed as aforefaid, fhall be adignable

and

Subfcribers, &c. to the Joan, to be deemed as

Hosted by Google

174^0 Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 6.	405

and transferable in the fame manner as the original capital ftpck of the faid governor and company was affignable and transferable before the making of this a61; and, together with the free from produce thereof, (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and im- j^xes a"ci pofitions whatfoever; and the transfers and aflignments of flock, or additional dock in the books of the faid company, (hall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater damp or other duties, than are now payable for the transfers or alignments of their prefent ftock, or any part thereof; any thing in this ad contained, or in any other ad or ads of parliament, to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, The bank to That the faid governor and company of the bank of E?igland, continue a and their fuccedors, fhall continue and be a corporation, and

fhall enjoy all the capacities, powers, privileges, immunities, loa*n is re_ and advantages to them as a corporation belonging, until the deemed, complete redemption of the faid annuity or yearly fum of thirty nine thoufand four hundred and feventy two pounds, according to the before mentioned provifoes in that behalf, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as the fame are contained, fpecified, and exprelfed in an ad of par- i5Geo, liament palled in the fifteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s c. 13, reign, (intituled. An aft for eflablifinng an agreement with the governor and company of the bank tf/'England, for advancing the fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, towards the Jupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty tvao) or in any other ad or ads of parliament now in force relating to the faid corporation; any former or other flatute to the contrary notwithdanding.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, The bank to

That the faid governor and company of the bank of England,	a funa

and their fuccelfors fhall, and they are bv this ad enjoyned and not

.	1	,	.	J	.	'	tv>t*	a	»	1	million,	on

required to advance and pay into the receipt or his Majelty s the land tax

exchequer, towards the fupply for the fervice of the faid year and malt ad.

one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, any fum or fums of

money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million, upon

the credit of the feveral and refpedive rates, duties, and affeff-

ments, granted to his Majefiy by two feveral ads of parliament

made and paffed in this prefent felfion of parliament, intituled,

An aft for granting an aid to his Majefiy by a land tax, to be raifed 19Geo,*, c. 3,

in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven

hundred and forty fix ; and alfo, An aft for continuing the duties I9Geo. 2. c.4*

upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain

called England ; and for granting to his Majefiy certain duties upon

malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called

Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and*

forty fix\ which faid fum of one million, fo to be advanced by to be paid as

the faid governor and company of the bank of England, (hall be the trea/Ury

paid into the faid receipt of exchequer, at fuch times, and in ^a'l diredt,

fuch proportions, as the commilfioners of the treafury, or the

high treafurer for the time being, (hall think fit to dired and 25o,oook*at

D d 3	appoint	one time

40 6

demanded, nor without 14 days notice.

The treafury to make out exchequer bills.

(ubjeft to the rules prescribed in the yecjied a£ts.

The bank may be fued for nonpay.-?nent?

and t o 1 - per cent, damages, recoverable.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c.&.	[1746.

appoint in that behalf, fo as the faid governor and company be not obliged to pay more than two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds at any one time or times, nor without having fourteen days notice before each refpective time of payment.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* That upon payment of the faid fum of one million, or any part thereof, into the faid receipt of exchequer, by the laid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fucceffors, it Shall and may br, lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the faid high treafurer, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to caule exchequer bills to be made forth at the faid receipt, in fuch manner, as they or he Shall think mod fafe and convenient, for the faid fum of one million, to be advanced or lent as aforefaid, or any part thereof, to be charged upon, and payable out of the faid Several and refpective rates, duties, and affeffments, granted by the faid two acts of parliament herein before recited, together with an interefi, after the rate of four pounds per ce?jtu?n per annum, until repayment of the faid principal fum of one million, in fuch courfe, manner, and form, as are mentioned in the faid acts; and the faid exchequer bills to be made forth as aforefaid, fhall be fubject to all fuch orders, rules, methods, directions, powers, penalties, and forfeitures, as are prefcribed, enacted, and declared in the faid two laft recited acts, or either of them, in relation to exchequer bills thereby authorized to be made forth ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, fhall make failure in any of the faid payments, fo by this act appointed to be made into his Majefty’s exchequer as aforefaid, at or before the refpective days or times to be limited in that behalf, the money whereof fuch failure in payment fhall be made, fhall and may be reco-* vered to his Majefty’s ufe by action of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law fhall be allowed, or more than one imparlance, in which action, bill, fuit, or information, it fhall be lawful to declare, that the faid governor and company of the bank of England are indebted to his Majefty the monies of which they fhall have made default in payment, according to the form of the ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which fhall be fuffici-ent; and in or upon fuch action, bill, fuit, or information, there Ihall be further recovered to his Majefty’s ufe againft the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, damages after the rate often pounds per centum, for the monies fo unpaid contrary to this act, befides full cofts of fuit; and the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and

theif

Hosted by Google

1746-] Anno decimo nono Georgji II. c. yl	407'

their fuccelTors, and their faid (lock and funds, (hall be, and are hereby made lubjebl and liable thereunto.

CAP. VII.

An a SI for adjourning the court of feffion in Scotland ; and for remedying the inconveniencies arifing from the furceafe of juftice in that part of the kingdom.

WHEREAS a moft audacious and execrable rebellion has broke out in Scotland, and a number of rebellious traitors did, on or about thefixteenth of September, one thoufandfeven hundred and forty five,) obtain po[feffion of the city of Edinburgh, ivhere his Ma-jefeys fignet is kept, and which is the ordinary place of the meeting of the court of feffion of Scotland for the adminif ration ofjuflice : and whereas the faid rebellion does Jlill continue, whereby the fenators or judges of the faid court of feffion, and the other members thereof, have been prevented from meeting and fitting, and his Adajeftfes loyal fubjeSts have been prevented from commencing and profecuting their actions and fuits in the faid court of feffion, and in the other courts of law, and cannot conveniently attend the faid court while the faid rebellion continues: May it theiefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod; excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the meeting The fttingof and fitting of the faid court of feffion in Scotland, for the admi- the court of niftration of juftice, be, and the fame is hereby adjourned, from	af*~

the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and forty 3 five, unto the firft day of June next.	unt0 ijuxie*

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, .

That the time and fpace betwixt the faid fixteenth day of Sep- diatVfimeme** ternber, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and the between 16 faid firft day of June,• one thoufand feven hundred and forty Sept. 1745, fix, (hall not be reckoned in any (hort prefeription, but (hall and1 be deduced from the fame.	deduced. ^

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That in all adjudications, confirmations of teftaments, regiftra-tions, redemptions, and others, which by law, or by the a-greement of parties, might and ought to have been deduced, expede, or performed within a limited time, that the aforefaid time and fpace between the faid fixteenth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, and the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, (hall not be reckoned or counted; and that all ablions and caufes com- Caufes de-menced, intented, or depending before the faid court of feffion, pending upon upon the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred 1 Nov* J745> and forty five, (hall be continued, and be in the fame (late and ed b the fame condition upon the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hun- ftate upon dred and forty fix, in which they refpeblively were upon the faid 1 June, 1746, firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, m which they or at any time from the faid firft day of November, one thoufand

D d 4	feven

Hosted by Google

4}.o&	Anno	decimo	nono Georgii II. c. 8, 9:	[1746^

feven hundred and forty five, to the firft day of March, one thou-fand feven hundred and forty fix , any law, ftatute, cuftom, prac-tife, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

11 Geo. 5. 1$.

The claufe ^repealed.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for repealing fo much of an aft pajfed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firft, intituled, An a£t for regulating eledtions within the city of London ; and for preferving the peace* good order, and government of the faid city; as relates to the making or pajfmg of aftsy orders, or ordinances in common council.

WHEREAS by a claufe in an aft pajfed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Firfi, intituled, An adt for regulating elections within the city of London ; and for preferving the peace, good order, and government of the faid city; it is enafted, That no aft, order, or ordinance zvhatfoever, at any time, from and after the firjl day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, Jhall be made or pa [fed in the common council of the faid city, without the affent of the mayor and aldermen prefent at fuch common council, or the major part of them; nor without the affent of the commons prefent at J'uch common council, or- the major part of them: and whereas the faid recited claufe has by no means anjwered the good ends and purpofes thereby intended ; be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ailerpbled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid recited claufe fhall be, and is hereby repealed, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thcufand feven hundred and forty fix.

CAP. IX.

An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy trial of fuch perfons aj have levied, or fhall levy war againfl his Majejly; and for the better afcertaining the qualifications of jurors in trialy for high treafon, or mifprifon of treafon, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS a horrid and unnatural rebellion and war has been openly and trait eroujly raifed and levied againjl hi si Majejly, within this realm, and isfill continued, with defign to depofe and murther his mofi facred Majejly, and to fet a popifh pretender, bred up and injlrufted in Romiih fuperfiition, and arbitrary principles, on the throne of thefe realms; and whereas great numbers of fuch as have joined in the jaid rebellion, have been, by his Majefty s vigilance and care, lately J'eized, and, for fiafier cufiody, neceffarily diftributed into feveral prifons, in different counties or Jhires of this realm: and whereas others of the faid rebels have been, and may be, in. order to

Hosted by Google

li746.3	Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 10, 11.	409

lay open and difcover the foundations and caufes of the faid rebellion and treafonS) brought up to London, and parts adjacent, in order to be examined: and jorafmuch as bills of indictments as the law now ftandSy are to he found in the counties or /hires where the faid treafons are committed; but as it will be very inconvenient to the publick ju-fiice of the nation, that the judges Jhould remain fo long in the faid counties or /hiresy as will be neceffary for the trying of the faid offender sy fo it will be very burdenfome and grievous to the freeholders of < the fame counties or Jhires to attend fo many trials as may be neceffary to be had for the fafety of the publick : to the end therefore that the faid offender may not conceive any hope of impunity, from the diflance of the feveral counties or (hires where the faid treafons are committed, and that juflice may more fpeedily and fe-curely be adminiflered againfl the faid offenders, and proper examples made in fuch feafonable time, as may be a means to fupprefs the remains of the faid rebellion, and preferve the peace and tranquillity of thefe kingdoms ; be it enacted, &c.

The faid offenders now in cuftody may be proceeded againft, and tried in fuch county, &c. as his Majefty fhall appoint. No challenge for the county to be allowed. Peers to be tried by their peers. The place of trial not to be alter’d, unlefs the perfon be proved to have been in arms,

&c. EXP.

IV.	And whereas difficulties may occur in trials for high treafons Qualification and mifprifon of treafon y in that part ofGreat Britain called Scot-of jurors in land, with refpeCt to the qualifications of jurors to be fummoned and Scotland. returned on fuch trials; for remedy thereof, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in all times hereafter, every perfon may be fummoned and returned to be a juryman in trials for high treafon, or mifprifon of treafon, in that part of Great Bri* tain called Scotlandy who fhall, at the time of fuch trial, be pof-feffed in his own right, or in the right of his wife, of lands or tenements, as proprietor or life-renter within the (hire, flewar-try, or place where any fuch trials fhall be, or from whence the jury is to come, of the yearly value of forty Shillings fler-ling, at lead, or valued at thirty (hillings fieriing per annum in the tax roll of the fame fhireor flewartry ; and for want thereof, or for any other lawful caufe, fhall be fubjedl to be chaL lenged and fet afide.

CAP. X.

An a£l for enlarging the term and powers granted by an a£l paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the road from Market-Harborough to Loughborough in the county o/Teicefter : and for making the faid a<5t more effe£tual.

<The aft 12 Geo. 1. c. 5. continued for 21 years.

CAP. XI.

An a<5l for punifhing mutiny and defertion: and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Exp.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

4^0

Anno decimo nono Georgh II. C. 12.	[1745.

CAP. XII.

An a St for granting to his Majejiy feveral rates and duties upon glafs, and upon fpirituous liquors ; and for raifing a certain fum of money by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid rates and duties; and for obviating fo?ne doubts about making out orders at the exchequer for the monies advanced upon the credit of the fait duties, granted ctnd continued to his Majefly by an aft of the laji JeJfon of parliament.

Moft gracious Sovereign>

'\%JrE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal, fubje&s, the * * commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife the necelTary fupplies which we have granted to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, in the moft fafe, eafy, and expeditious manner we are able, have unanimouf-ly refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral and refpecftive new and additional rates and duties herein after ex-prefled, and to that end and purpofe do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enadted ; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and w>ith the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelTors, for and upon all crown, plate, flint, and other glafs, and all bottles and flafks, as fhall at any time or times hereafter be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all other cuftoms, fubfldies, and duties, by any a6t or a<fts of parliament, or law whatfoever im-pofed upon or payable for the fame) the feveral and refpedtive additional rates or new duties herein after expreffed ; that is to fay;

Duty upon For and upon all crown, plate, and flint glafs, which fhall be crown, plate, imported and brought into, Q*eat Britain as aforefaid, the fum of and flint glafs; eight pence for every pound weight, and after that rate for a upon green greater or leiTer quantity; and for and upon all green glafs or other glafs which fhall be imported and brought into Great Britain as aforefaid, the fum of two pence for every pound weight, and after that rate for a greater or leflfer quantity ; and for and upon all bottles and flafks, containing the quantity of a quart refpecftively, which fhall be imported and brought into Great Britain as aforefaid, the fum of two (hillingsper dozen; and for and upon all bottles and flafks, containing more or lefs than a quart, which fhall be imported and brought in as aforefaid, the fum of two (hillings for every dozen quarts, be the quantity of bottles, containing the fame, greater or leffer.

The

and other glafs; and bottles, &c. imported.

Hosted by Google

4H

174-6*] Anno decimo nonoGEORGH II. c. 12,

The faid feveral and refpedlive rates and duties, for and upon all fuch glafs or bottles, or flafks, to be imported or brought in as aforefaid, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof refpecftively,

II. And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid, Additional That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one duty on ma. thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, there fhall be raifed, Jevi- terials* ed, collected, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatfoever, by what name foever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, which fhall hereafter be made ufe of in the making of all crown, plate, and flint glafs, and all white glafs, by what name foever it now is, or hereafter may be called or known ; and of common bottles, and all other green glafs in Great Britain (over and above all other rates and duties by any adt oradts of parliament, or law whatfoever, imposed upon or payable for the fame) the feveral and refpedfive additional rates or new duties herein after exprefled ; that is to fay.

For and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations Dut on ma_ whatfoever, by what name foever they now are, or hereafter may terials, &c. of be called or known, that fhall hereafter be made ufe of in the crown, plate, making of all crown, plate, and flint glafs, and all white glafs, and by what name foever it now is, or hereafter may be called orwl1 e S a s# „ known, the fum of nine (hillings and four pence for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefier quantity.

And for and upon all the materials or metal, or other prepa- and on bottles rations whatfoever, by what name foever they now are, or here- and green after may be called or known, that fhall hereafter be made ufe glafs. of in the making of common bottles, and all other green glafs, the fum of two (hillings and four pence for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

The faid refpedtive duties for and upon all fuch materials or p)uty to metal, or other preparations whatfoever, fo to be made ufe of paid by the in the making of fuch glafs refpedtively, to be paid by the mak- maker, er or makers thereof refpedlively.

III. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in Glafs import-cafe any fuch crown, plate, flint, or other glafs, or fuch bottles ed, and Under flafks fo imported as aforefaid, fhall be landed, or put on^ntry fhore out of any fhip or veflel, before due entry be made thereof at the cuftom-houfe, in the port or place where the fame (hall be imported, and the duties hereby impofed fhall be paid or fecured, or without a warrant for the landing or delivering of the fame, firft ftgned by the coYnmiffioners, collectors, or o-ther proper officer or officers of the cuftoms refpebtively, that 3II fuch imported* goods as fhall be lb landed, or put on (hore, or taken out of any (hip or veflel, contrary to the true meaning forfe;te£j hereof, or the value thereof, fhall be forfeited, and (hall or may be feized or recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof (to %vit) one moiety of the fame to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs

and

Hosted by Google

412

Duties how recoverable.

iW.&M. fiat. 2. c. 4.

Officers in E ngland to manage the duties of glafs imported there ; and in Scotland, officers there 5

Duties on glafs made in England, to be under the officers there 5

and in Scotland, under the officers there.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12.	[ 174^*

and fuccefTors, and the other moiety to the ufe^pf fuch perfon or perfons, as will feize, inform, or fue for the faid goods fo imported and forfeited, or the value thereof, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler, or in his Majefty’s court of Exchequer in Scotland, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, {hall be allowed.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid duties upon imported glafs, by this adt granted, {hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid in the fame manner and form, and by fuch ways, rules, and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the prefent duties upon imported manufactures of glafs are in and by an adt patted in the fecond year of the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, to be raifed, levied, collected, and paid ; and that fuch of the faid duties impofed by this adt upon imported glafs, as fhall arife in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, fhall be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of the cuftoms in England for the time being; and fuch of the duties impofed by this adt upon imported glafs, as fhall arife in Scotland, fhall be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being; and all monies arifing by the faid duties (the ne-ceffary charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) fhalj from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlminfler, diftindtly and apart from all other branches of the pubiick revenues, for the purpofes herein after mentioned.

V.	And for the better afcertaining, charging, levying, orSecuring the feveral duties by this adt impofed upon all the metal, materials, and other preparations whatfoever, by what name fo-ever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, which fhall hereafter be made ufe of in the making of all crown, plate, and flint glafs, and all white glafs, by what name foever it now is, or hereafter may be called or known, and of all common bottles, and all other green glafs, according to the true meaning of this adt ; and for preventing of all frauds concerning the fame; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch of the faid duties by this adt granted, as are or (hall be chargeable upon fuch metals, materials, and other preparations fo ufed in the making of glafs as aforefaid, in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Eiveed, fhall be under the management of the Commiffioners and officers of excife in England for the time being; and fuch of the duties as are impofed by this adt upon fuch metals, materials, and other preparations fo ufed in the making of glafs as aforefaid in Scotland, fhall be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of excife in Scotland for the time being, who are hereby refpedtively im-powered to appoint proper officers for charging, colledting, and receiving the fame ; and all monies arifing by the faid duties (the neceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted)

Hosted by Google

413

174-6-] Anno decimo nonoGEORGii II. c, 12.

cepted) (hall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejiminjler, diftinffily and apart from ali other branches of the publick revenues, for the purpofes herein after mentioned.

VI.	And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, Makers of That every maker of glafs fhall, on or before the faid twenty glafs to enter fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix,

make an entry in writing at the office of excife, next to the offices place where fuch glafs fhall be made, of the refpe&ive name of luch maker, and of all his or her furnaces, pots, pot-chambers, ware-houfes, rooms, and other places for making or keeping of glafs, or of materials mixed and prepared for making of glafs, and fhall not ufe any pot or pots for the preparing or making of glafs, without firft giving notice thereof to the proper officer for the faid duties, fo that he may weigh, gauge, and take an account of the fame; and if any maker of glafs (hall make ufe of any furnace, pot, pot-chamber, warehoufe, room, or other place for making or keeping of glafs, or of materials mixed and prepared for making of glafs, without making fuch entry thereof, as aforefaid, or (hall ufe any pot or pots for the preparing or making of glafs, without firft giving notice thereof to the proper officer for the faid duties, fo that he may weigh, gauge, and take an account of the fame, as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, the offender therein, for every fuch offence, (hall for-feit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, the one moiety to the ufe entry, of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

VII.	And it is hereby further enacffed, That every maker of Notice to he glafs, before he, file, or they do, or fhall begin to fill or charge given to the any pot or pots for making of glafs, fhall by the fpace of twelve officer in hours next before the beginning of every fuch filling or charg- wntinS; ing, give to the officer or officers of the divifton or place where

fuch glafs is intended to be made, notice in writing of the particular time and hour when, and at which fuch filling or charging is intended to be begun, with an account of the true weight of the metal or preparation to be made ufe of, and the fpecies of glafs fo to be made, on pain of forfeiting and lofing the fum of fifty pounds, at every time or times when any fuch filling or charging fhall be begun, without firff giving fuch notice, as a- Penalty* fore fa id.

VIII.	Provided always. That if fuch intended filling or charg- pr0V*^0 ing of fuch pot or pots, whereof fuch notice fhall have been given, fhall not be begun purfuant to fuch notice, then, and in every fuch cafe and cafes, fuch notice or notices refpedtively,

fhall be null, void, and of no effecff; and every maker of glafs

whatfoever, who after the expiration of fuch times mentioned in

fuch notice, fhall begin to fill or charge fuch pot or pots, with- New nodes

out having firft given a new or other like notice, as aforefaid, ofto be £lven*

his, her, or their intention to fill or charge fuch pot or pots,

with an account of the true weight of the metal, or preparation

to be made ufe of, and the fpecies of glafs fo to be made, fhall

in

Hosted by Google

4*4

Officers to have entrance at all times i

and to make return to the eommiffion-ers, &c.

Penalty on •officer’s refuting to leave a copy of his report.

Officers to be fworn.

Makers of glafs to keep weights and fcales, and to affift the officer.

Penalty.

Pots breaking, &c. when charged;

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12.	[1746.

in every fuch cafe, incur, and be fubjeft to the like penalty and forfeiture, as if he, (lie, or they had not thereof given any notice at all.

IX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the officers of the faid duties, (hall, at all times by day or by night, be permitted upon nis, or their re-queft, to enter into the work-houfe, ware-houfe, or other plac» or places for making or preparing of glafs belonging to or ufed by any perfon, who on and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, (hall be a maker or makers of any glafs whatfoever, and to weigh, or o-therwife take an account of the juft quantity of the metal and materials mixed and prepared for the making of glafs, before the fame be put into fuch pot or pots, and to examine, gauge, or o-therwife take an account of the juft quantity of the metal and materials mixed and prepared for the making of glafs, after the fame (hall have been put into fuch pot or pots, and (hall thereof refpedtively make return or report in writing, to the refpec-tive commiffiioners of excife in Great Britain, or fuch as they fhall refpeeftively appoint to receive the fame, leaving a true copy (if demanded) in writing, under his or their hand, with or for fuch maker or makers of glafs refpedtively 5 and fuch return or report of the faid officer or officers, whether made from the weight of the metal and materials fo mixed and prepared before the lame fhall be put into the pot or pots, or from the account fo taken in the pots, fhall be a charge upon fuch maker or makers of glafs refpedtively; and if the faid officer or officers (hall refufe or neglect to give or leave a true copy of his report in writing, with or for fuch maker or makers of glafs, at the time of taking fuch account upon demand, as aforefaid, every fuch officer or officers for every fuch offence fhall forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings to every fuch maker or makers of glafs refpec-tively.

X.	Provided always. That every officer who fhall be im-powered to make fuch charge as aforefaid, fhall in the firft place be fworn for the due and faithful execution of his office, and the oath in that behalf (hall and may be adminiftered by all or any of the commiffiioners of excife in Great Britain, or by any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, who (hall give to fuch officer a certificate thereof; and all and every fuch maker and makers of glafs refpedtively, are hereby required to keep fuffi-cient and juft fcales and weights, at the place or places where he, (lie, or they do make fuch glafs, and permit and affift the officer to make ufe thereof for the purpofes of this a61, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be forfeited and loft for not keeping fuch fcales and weights, or for not permitting and affifting the officer to ufe the fame, as aforefaid.

XI.	And whereas pots ufed for the preparing and mixing of metal9 and other materials for making of glafs, after the fame are fo filled or charged, fometimes happen to crack or break whilft the materials are in fuch pot or pots, with an intention to be made into glafs, whereby the

whole

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo nonoGEORGH II. c. 12.	415

whole or fome part of the jaid materials are loft, or become unfit for the making offuch glafs; it is therefore hereby provided and enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe, where the whole or any part of fuch materials (hall be loft, or become ^ec unfit for the purpofe aforefaid, by fuch cracking or breaking of foyers™™ ~ the pots, upon due proofs thereof made to the fatisfadlion of the make allow-refpedtive commifiioners of excife in Great Britain, where fuch ance for the glafs-houfes or work-houfes fhall be fituated, fuch allowance Ihall be made to the faid makers of glafs in refpecft offuch lofs as aforefaid, as by the faid commifiioners of excife refpedlively fhall be judged proper and reafonable.

XII.	And it is hereby enadled, That if any maker of glafs, or Penalty on any other perfon or perfons, fhall obftrucft or hinder any of the obftru&ing faid officers in the execution of any of the powers given to him officers.

or them by this a£I, for afcertaining and fecuring the faid duties upon glafs, the perfon or perfons fo offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, during the continuance of the faid duties on glafs, all and every perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall make or caufe to be made any glafs in Makers of London, or in any parts within the limits of the weekly bills mortality, fhall monthly and every month, and all and every on* perfon or perfons who (hall make or caufe to be made any glafs

in any other part of Great Britain, (hall once in every fix weeks make a true entry in writing at the next office of excife for the faid duties, of the true quantities of the metals and materials and in other mixed and ufed in each refpedive making of glafs within fuch parte of Great month or fix weeks refpedively, on pain of forfeiting for every	their

negled of entry twenty pounds ; which entries fhall be made entries, upon oath by the makers of fuch glafs, or by the clerk, work- Penalty, man, or fervant employed in making the fame, according to the beft of their knowledge and belief, unlefs fuch maker, clerk, workman or fervant be a known Quaker, and the folemn affirmation of fuch maker, clerk, workman, or fervant, to the fame effedl, in cafe he or (he be a known Quaker, (hall and may be taken inftead of fuch oath, and the faid entries, oaths, and affirmations to verify the fame, fhall for fuch entries, oaths, and affirmations, as'(hall be made within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, be made with and adminiftered by fuch offi- Oaths bv cer or officers as fhall be appointed by the commifiioners ofwhomtobe excife in England, or the major part of them for the time being, adminiftered, who (hall attend at the general excife office in London for that purpofe ; and for all fuch entries, oaths, and affirmations as (hall be made in all other parts of Great. Britain with or by the refpedtive colledlors or fupervifors of the diftricft or divifioa within which the refpedlive makers of glafs fhall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatfoever to be demanded or taken for the fame

6	XIV.	Pro*

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. XIV.

Makers of glafs, where to make their entries.

Glafs maker when to pay the duties.

Penalty.

Exportation of glafs.

C. 12.	[1746.

Provided always. That no maker of glafs (hall be obliged to go or fend further than the market town where his or her glafs is made, or the next market town to the place where his or her glafs is made, for the making of fuch entries as aforefaid,

XV". And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who (hall make or caufe to be made any glafs in London, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, (hall within four weeks, and all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who fhall make or caufe to be made any glafs in any other part of Great Britain, fhall within fix weeks after he, fhe, or they (hall make, or ought to have made fuch entry as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the faid duties for glafs, which (hall be due from him, her or them refpe&ively ; and that all and every fuch maker of glafs, who (hall refufe or negleCt to make fuch payment as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence double the fum of the faid duty, whereof the payment (hall be fo refufed or neglected.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons who fhall have actually paid his Majefty’s duties by thisaCt payable for any quantity of glafs whatfoever, made from any of the materials charged as aforefaid, and to and for any other perfon or perfons who (hall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any fuch quantity of glafs, from the faid perfon or perfons who actually paid his Majefty’s duties for the fame, to export fuch glafs for any foreign parts by way of merchandize, giving fufficient fecurity before the (hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantity of glafs, which (hall be intended to be exported as aforefaid, and every part thereof, fhall be (hipped and exported, and that the fame or any part thereof, fhall not be relanded, or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain ; which fecurity the cuftomer or colled or of the refpeCtive port for fuch exportation, is hereby directed and authorized to take in his Majefty’s name, and to his ufe.

XVII.	Provided always. That if after the (hipping of any fuch glafs to be exported as aforefaid, and the giving or tendering fuch fecurity as aforefaid, in order to obtain the allowances or drawbacks herein after mentioned, the glafs fo (hipped to be exported, or any of it, (hall be relanded in any part of Great Britain ; that then, and in every fuch cafe, over and above the penalty of the bond, which (hall be levied and recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, all the glafs which fhall be landed, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited.

Debentureand XVIII. And it is alfo hereby enaCted, That any perfon or drawback on perfons, who (hall export any glafs to any foreign parts, fhall glaG exported, or may make proof upon oath, or by fuch affirmation as aforefaid, that the duty of fuch glafs hath been paid according to this aCt (which oath or affirmation the collector who rece'ved the

faid

Glafs (hipped for exportation, and relanded 1

Penalty.

Hosted by Google

xy46 ]	Anno decimo nono Georgii II. C. J2.

417

faid duty is hereby required and impowered to adcninifter) and thereupon the faid collector for the faid duty upon glafs fhall give to fuch perfon or perfons gratis a certificate or certificates, expreffing the kinds and weight of fuch glafs, and the duties paid for the fame, purfuant to thisadl; which certificate being produced to the cuftomer or collector of the port where the faid glafs fhall be exported, and oath or affirmation, as aforefaid, being alfo made by the exporter, before the faid cuftomer or exporter to collector of the port (who is hereby alfo authorized and required make oath, to adminifter the fame without fee or charge) that the faid glafs fo exported is the fame mentioned in the faid certificate, then the faid cuftomer or collector of the port where fuch glafs fhall be exported, fhall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, ex- Denture* prefling the true weight of the glafs fo exported ; which debenture being produced to the collector appointed to receive the faid duties upon glafs, in fuch county or place where the faid glafs was exported, he fhall forthwith pay to the perfons or agents fo exporting the fame, a drawback or allowance of nine (hillings Allowance, and four pence per hundred weight for all crown, plate, flint, or white glafs ; and two lhillings and four pence per hundred weight for all green glafs made in Great Britain , and if fuch collector fhall not have money in his hands to pay the fame, then the faid refpective commiffioners of the excife in Great Britain are required to pay the faid debenture out of the duties upon glafs arifing by this act; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX And whereas the importation of glafs into Ireland from foreign parts, and the exportation of glafs from Ireland, tjiay be of great prejudice to the manufatlure of glafs in Great Britain ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after	*

the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, a(C°to no perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall import, or caufe to be im- fraported into ported into the kingdom of Ireland, any crown, plate, or flint Ireland, glafs, or white glafs, by what name foever it is, or hereafter may be called or known, or any common bottles, or other green glafs, or any glafs of any kind or denomination whatfoever, other than the manufacture of Great Britain. And if any crown plate, or flint glafs, or white glafs, or any common bottles, or other green glafs, or any glafs of any kind or denomination whatfoever, other than the manufacture of Great Britain, fhall be landed or put on fhore out of any (hip or veffelin Ireland^ all fuch glafs, of what kind foever, as fhall be fo landed, or put on (bore, or taken out of any (hip or veffel in Ireland, fhall be Penalty, forfeited and detroyed within ten days after the fame fhall be lawfully condemned; and alfo the (hip or veffel in which the fame was imported, be forfeited, with her. tackle, apparel, and furniture ; and the mater of fuch fhip or veffel, and every other perfon or perfons concerned in importing of the fame or that fhall have been aiding or affifting in the landing or putting the fame on (bore, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings for every

Vol. XVIII,

E e

pound

Hosted

plicate to the officer of the port where he arrives.

418	Anno	decimo nono GeoRGiI II. c. 12.	[1746.

pound weight thereof; and fo in proportion for any greater or f lefs quantity.

ihips carrying XX. And for the more effectually preventing of fuch impor-glafs, to take tation of foreign glafs into Ireland, it is hereby further ena&ed, a duplicate of That the mailer of every fhip or veffel which (hall carry any contents. crown, plate, or flint glafs, or white glafs, or any common bottles, or other green glafs, or any glafs of any kind or denomination whatfoever, to Ireland, (hall take from the Collector or comptroller of the port of Great Britain, where he fhall lade any fuch glafs, a duplicate of his contents in writing of all the glafs taken or laden on board his (hip or veffel, before he be permitted to fail out of the port, under the hand and feal of fuch collector or comptroller of the faid port of Great Brikiin ; which faid duplicate (hall be delivered to the mafter of every To deliver on fuch (hip or veffel without fee or reward ; and that every fuch oath the du- mafter of every fuch (hip or veffel (hall deliver upon oath fuch duplicate to the collector, comptroller, or other officer of the cuftoms in fuch port in Ireland, where fuch (hip or veffel (hall arrive, and intends to unlade, before he be permitted to land any fuch glafs. And that in cafe any glafs of any kind or denomination whatfoever, fhall be unladen or landed in any part of Ireland, before fuch duplicate is produced to the collector, comptroller, or officer as aforefaid, all fuch glafs fhall be forfeited and deftroyed within ten days after the fame fhall be lawfully condemned \ and alfo the (hip or veffel in which the fame was imported, be forfeited, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture; and the mafter of fuch (hip or veffel, and every other perfon or perfons concerned in importing of fuch glafs, or that (hall have been aiding or affifting in the landing or putting the fame on (hore, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings for every pound weight thereof \ and fo in proportion for every greater or lefs quantity.

XXL And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That if after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall aire&ly or indirectly export, tranfport, (hip off, carry, or convey, or caule or procure to be exported, tranfported, (flipped off, carried, or conveyed, or (hall be any ways aiding or aflifting in the exporting, tranfporting, (hipping off, carrying, or conveying out of the kingdom of Ireland, any crown, plate, or flint glafs, or white glafs, by what name foever it is, or hereafter may be called or known, or any common bottles, or other green glafs, or any glafs of any kind or denomination whatfoever, or (hall dir eddy or indirectly load, orcaufe to be laden upon any horfe, cart, or other carriage, or load or lay on board, or caufe to be laden or laid on board, in any fhip or veffel, in any place or port, within or belonging to the kingdom of Ireland, any fuch glafs as aforefaid, with intent or purpofe to export, tranfport, (hip off, carry, or convey the fame, or caufe the fame to be exported, tranfported, (hipped off, carried, or conveyed out of the kingdom of Ireland, or out of any port or jjlace belonging,

to

Penalty.

Perfons concerned in exporting glafs from Ireland.

Hosted by Google

I74^’I Anno decimo nono Georgii II. C. 12.	419

to the fame, or with intent or purpofe that any perfon or per-fons whatfoever (hould fo export, tranfport, fhip off, carry, or convey the fame out of the kingdom of Ireland, every perfon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum Penalty, of ten (hillings for every pound weight of glafs, of any kind or denomination whatfoever, fo exported, tranfported, (hipped off, or carried, conveyed, or laden, as aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a£t; and all the glafs of any kind or denomination whatfoever, fo exported, tranfported,

(hipped off, or carried, conveyed, or laden, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a61, (hall be forfeited and de-ftroyed within ten days after the fame (hall be lawfully condemned: and all and every (hip or veffel, barge, boat, or other bottom whatfoever, wherein any fuch glafs (hall be (hipped or laid on board, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a(hall Jikewife be forfeited, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture.

XXII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore- Commifilon-faid, That the commiffoners and fub-commiffoners of excife ers, &c. in refpecSlively, in their refpedlive limits and diftridts in Ireland, or Ireland, to de-the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required to tgrrmne or-

j 1	J	j	^	^	k	jCnCCS 3£f3Ul*llt

hear and determine all offences againft this ad, relating to the this a£t there, exportation or importation of glafs ; which commiffoners or fub-commiffoners fhall and may proceed in a fummary way* and give judgement or fentence, and levy the penalties and forfeitures by this ad inflided on fuch offenders, in fuch or the like manner as they are enabled to proceed, give judgement, and levy the penalties and forfeitures in cafes of excife in Ire-land, by any ad or ads of parliament now in force in that kingdom ; one moiety of which penalties and forfeitures (hall be to Forfeitures his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors; the other moiety to the difpofed. officer or officers, or any other perfon or perfons, who (hall feize, difcover, inform, or fuefor the fame.

XXIII.	And ivhereas there may have been contrasts or bargains made for the pur chafe and fale of home made glafs and glafs bottles, to be delivered and received at future times after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix^ which contrails or bargains, by reafon of the duties on glafs and glafs bottles hereby impofedy cannot be complied with by the fellers without great lofs and damage ; be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all contrads or bargains, made or to be made before Contra&s’ the faid twenty fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred made for glafs and forty fix, for the purchafe and fale of home made glafs or be*ore March glafs bottles, to be delivered and received at any future time or Z5> I74‘6* times, which (hall not be performed and complied with on or not performed before the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven before that hundred and forty fix, fhall be and are hereby declared to be time, null, null and void, and of no effect: and in cafe any fum or fums of

money fhall have been advanced and paid by any purchafer or Monies ad-purchafers, for or on account of any home made glafs or glafs vanced for bottles, which (hall not be delivered on or before the faid twen- glafs not deli*

E e z	ty	vsvsd before

Hosted by Google

420

March 25, 1746, to be returned.

with intereft.

Additional duties on Ipi-rituous liquors.

For every gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the firfb extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported materials or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, threepence.

For every gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the firft extraction, made or drawn only from any fort of drink or wafh, brewed or made from any fort of malt or corn, other than except brewers wafh or tilts, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, one halfpenny.

For every gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the firft extraction, made or drawn from brewers wafh or tilts, or mixture therewith, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, one halfpenny.

For every gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the firft extraction, made or drawn from any other fort or kind of Englifh materials, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, three farthings.

For every gallon of fpirits made in Great Britain, of any kind of wine or cyder imported, to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, three pence.

For every gallon of ftrong waters, or Aqua Vitay made for fale of any other materials to be paid by the diftillers or makers thereof, three halfpence.

Anno decimo nono Georgxi II. c. 12.	[1746*

ty fifth day of March, onethoufand feven hundred and forty fix, all fuch fums of money (hall be forthwith repaid to the perfon or perfons who fhall have advanced and paid the fame, together with legal intereft for the fame, from the time and times that fuch fum or fums of money (hall have been reflectively advanced and paid.

XXIV.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, that there fhall, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for the feveral fpirituous liquors made, extracted, and manufactured in Great Britain, and herein after mentioned, fpecified, and enumerated (over and above all duties, charges, and impofitions by any former acts of parliament thereupon ref-pet ively fet, rated, and impofed) the feveral rates and duties of excife herein after mentioned and expreffed ; that is to fay,

XXV.	And for the better afcertaining, charging, collecting, Duties on fpi- raifing, levying, and fecuring the rates and duties by this act rituousliquors impofed on the faid fpirituous liquors, and preventing frauds landeinEnS~ therein ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That an *	fuch of the faid rates arid duties by this act granted, as are charg-

ed upon fpirituous liquors made, extracted, and manufactured Duties in in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall Scotland, pay- be under the receipt and management of the commiffioners and able there. officers of his Majefty’s revenues of excife in England for the time being y and ifuch of the faid rates and duties as are impofed

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimonono GeorGII II. c. 12.	421

pofed by this aft upon fpirituous liquors made, extracted, and manufaft ured in	(hall be under the receipt and manage-

ment of the commiffioners and officers of excife in Scotland for the time being ; and the faid refpeftive commiffioners of excife, Commiffioners or the major part of them, have hereby power, by commiffion officers^01*1*" under their refpeftive hands and feals, to conftitute and ap- 0 cerSt point under them fuch officers as (hall be neceffary in that behalf; and all monies arifingbythe faid duties in Great Britain, or any part thereof (the neceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at JVeJlminJler, difiinftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, fubjeft and liable to fuchufes, applications, and purpofes, as are herein after mentioned.

XXVI.	And for the encouragement of the exportation of Drawback on fpirits drawn or made from the materials aforefaid, be it en- exportation, afted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid

twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, there (hall be a drawback or allowance of the feveral and refpeftive duties, charged by this ad on fpirits that (hall be exported to parts beyond the feas, and upon oath being made before any two or more of the commiffioners of excife, or juftices of the peace for the county or place from whence any fuch fpirits are intended to be exported, that the duties of the fame are duly entered and paid, and that the fame are exported for merchandize to be fpent beyond the feas ; and upon producing a certificate under the hands of the officers of excife for the port or place where fuch fpirits were (hipped off, the quantities fo (hipped, and that the fame were (hipped in the prefenceof fuch officers, the diftiller or difiillers, or other perfon or perlons exporting the fame, fhall be allowed or paid back by the commiffioners of excife, or their collector for the port or place where fuch fpirits (hall be (hipped off, the feveral duties charged thereupon by this aft accordingly. -

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared, That no- Limitation of thing in this aft contained (hall extend to charge with any of the additional the additional duties, direfted to be paid, levied, or received duties.

as aforefaid, any low wines or fpirits of the firfi: extraftion, made or drawn from melaffes only ; but that the fame fhall remain liable only to and chargeable with the duty of twelve pence, for every gallon of low wines or fpirits of the firfi: extraftion, fo P1 * made or drawn from melaffes only : and that all fpirits from fuch low wines or fpirits of the firfi: extraft ion, made or drawn from melaffes only, (hall remain liable only to and chargeable with the duty of fix pence per gallon.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- powers faid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, ©f this aft. rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an aft made in the twelfth year of the

reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An att for taking away the court of wards and liveries, a?;d tenures in capite and by 12 Car-

E e 3	knightsc* 2°'

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo nono Georgii II; c. 12.	[1746*

knights fervice and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majefy in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majefty’s revenue of exciie upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in fuch cafes, for which other penalties or provift-ons are made and prcfcribed by this a6t) fhall be exercifed, pradlifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the faid duties upon glais, and upon fpirituous liquors hereby granted, during the continuance of this a61, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the body of this prefent act.

XXIX.	And be itfurther enacted anddecJared by the authority aforefaid, That all lines, penalties, and forfeitures by this actim-pofed, (hall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, ox by this act, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfer, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland: and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fhall be to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety tojiim or them who fhall difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, keprforenter- That there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the audi? ing the mo- tor of the faid receipt of exchequer at Weftminfer, a book op nies received books, in which all the monies hereby appointed to be paid in-feparate. t0 tpe receipt as aforefaid, fhall be entered feparate and apart

from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceftors, upon any account whatsoever ; and the faid money fo appointed to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer a$ aforefaid, (hall be the yearly fund for the feveral and refpe&ive purpofes herein after mentioned.

The annuities XXXI. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, granted by That all and every the annuities which by this aeft fhall be grant-tins acHo^be^ ed and made payable, in refpedl of the principal fum of three additional din miTons, to be railed in fuch manner and form as is herein af-ter directed, until redemption thereof by parliament, as alfp the feveral and refpecSlive other annuities by thisadl made payable at the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, during the Jives of the feveral contributors to the lottery herein after mentioned, or the lives of their refpeeftive nominees, (ball be charged or chargeable upon, and payable out of the faid feveral new and additional rates and duties by this aeft granted to his Majefty ; and the faid new and additional rates and duties fhall be, and are hereby appropriated for thofc purpofes accordingly.

2	/	XXXII.	And,

Fines,

how to be levied, &c.



Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo pono Georgii II. C. 12,	423

XXXII. And, for or towards railing the faid fum or fums Towards raif-of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of three inSQQ millions, for the purpofes aforefaid, it is hereby further ena&ed an°y pe^fons, by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to &c. and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies po- may advance liticlc or corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay unto the ^ firft or chief calhieror cafhiers of the governor and company of a,5oo,0ool.fbr the bank of England for the time being, at or before the refpec- the purchafe tive days and times by this atft limited in that behalf, any fum of annuity, or fums of money, not exceeding two millions five hundred, thoufand pounds, in part of the faid whole fum of three millions, for the abfolute purchafe of any certain annuity or annuities, to commence from the twenty fifth day of March, one to commence thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, and to be paid and pay- 25 March, able to fuch contributor or contributors, or fuch as he, (he, or I7^ they fhall nominate his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns refpedfively, in manner herein after mentioned; fo as fuch cafhier or cafhiers do firft give fecurity, to The cafhier to the good liking of any three or more of the commiffioners of give fecurity the treafury now being, or the high treafurer, or commilfioners and account» of the treafury for the time being, for duly anfweringand paying into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for the publick ufe, the monies fo to be advanced and contributed, and to account duly for the fame ; which annuities before mentioned The annuities (hall be computed at the rate of four pounds per centum per an- to be at 4. num for every one hundred pounds, and proportionably for any Per cent• greater or leffer fum fo to be advanced and paid; and the pur- parcjiap, chafe money for every fuch annuity, at the rate aforefaid, is here- ney^hen^0" by appointed to be paid unto the faid cafhier or cafhiers as afofe- payable, faid, at or before the refpeeftive days or times herein after limited ; that is to fay, one fifth part thereof on or before fuch day or time as fhall be appointed by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being; one tenth part thereof on or before the twentieth day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix ; one other tenth part thereof on or before the twentieth day of June then next enfuing; one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty fecond day of Augujl then next enfuing ; one other tenth part thereof on or before the twenty fecond day of September then next enfuing; one other tenth part thereof on or before the twenty firft day of October then next enfuing; and the remaining fifth part thereof on or before the twentieth day of December then next following : all which annuities, fo to be purchafed, fhall be paid and payable at two of the moft ufual payable feafts or days of payment in the year ; that is to fay, the feaft yearly, of the nativity of Saint John the baptift, and of the birth of our Lord Chrift, by even and equal portions, or within fix days after every of the faid feaft days ; the firft payment thereof to be computed and paid at the rate of four pounds per centum per an-fium on the whole fum to be paid by fuch contributors, for the

E e 4	purchafe

Hosted by Google

4^4	Anno	decimo	nonoGEORGii II. c.12.	[1746.

purchafe of any part of the faid annuities, from the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand (even hundred and forty fix, unto the feafi of the birth of our Lord Chrift, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty redeemable, fix, or within fix days after the faid feafi: day : neverthelefs, the faid annuities (hall be redeemable according to the purport and true meaning of a provifo or condition herein after contained in that behalf, and not otherwise; and the faid cafhier or cafhjers of the faid governor and company of the bank, of England for the time being is and are hereby authorized and required, upon advancing and paying to him or them any fuch fum or fums of money as aforefaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing, figned by himfelf or themfelves, for each payment, to the contributor or payer thereof (which receipt (hall he afilgnable by endowments thereupon made) at any time before the twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, and no longer; and from time to time to pay into the receipt of your Ma-jefty’s exchequer all the monies which he or they (hall receive of <?r for the faid fum, not exceeding two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as faft as he or they fhail receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the farthefi, and to account for all the monies fo to be advanced and paid to him or them, in his Majefty’s court of exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof.

XT r XXXIIL And it is hereby enadted, That in the office of the Names of con-	*	r	*	J	r , , ,

tributors to be accomptant general or the governor and company of the bank

entered in a of England for the time being, there fhall be provided and kept

book in the a book or books, in which there fhall be fairly entered the names

office of the 0f a]j	contributors for fuch annuities, after the

general of the fate of four pounds per centum per annum as aforefaid, and of

bank;	all perfons by whofe hands the faid contributors (hall pay in any

of the faid fufns upon this act, a$d alfo the fums fo paid, to

tobe infpe£ted which book or books it (hall be lawful for the faid refpecfiive

gratis,.	contributors,	their	executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and

affigns, from time to time, at all feafonable times to have refort,

Accomptant and to infpedl the fame, without any fee or charge; and the

general to- faid accomptant general for the time being, (hall, on or before

1 Pfi cate i n tot he t^ie twenty fourth day	June,	one thoufand feven hundred

office of\he ^ an<^ forty feven, tranfmit an attefied duplicate fairly written up-

auditor of the on paper, of the faid book or books, into the office of the au-

exchequer. ditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, thereto remain

for ever.

XXXIV,	And it is hereby enacfied by the authority aforefaid, That all and every contributor and contributors upon this a£t, duly paying the whole confideration or purchafe mor ney, at the rate aforefaid, at or before the refpedtive days and times in this a£t before limited in that behalf, for fuch annuity or annuities, or fuch as he, file, or they fhall appoint, his, her, or their refpedlive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and af-toreceivetheir	fhall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue

annuities, of this a<ft, to have, receive and enjoy, the refpe&ive annuity

anq

Contributors paying the purchafe money, &c.

Hosted by Google

1746-] Anno decfmo nono Georgii II. c. 12.	425

and annuities fo to be purchafed out of the monies by this ail appropriated or appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid, and (hall have good and fure eftates and interefts therein for ever, fubjedl only to the provifo or condition of redemption, in this ail afterwards contained concerning the fame; and that all the feveral and refpedlive annuities, payable in purfuance of this ail, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, on all and every the principal fums for which the fame are to be payable, free frorn (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfo- taxes, ever.

XXXV.	And it is hereby provided and enailed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons who lhall become interefted in, or intitled to any annuity or annui- bie. ties, part of the faid fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be fubfcribed for in purfuance of this ail, fhall upon compleating the payments of the whole purchafe money, payable in refpeil thereof, have fuch refpeclive fums, as they fhall become interefted in, or intitled unto, forthwith placed to the credit of the faid contributors, and made transferrable in the books of the bank of England, by this ail appointed to be kept for that purpofe.

XXXVI.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor

as aforefaid, who fhall, on or before fuch day or time, as fhall ^orsOIonl~

be appointed by the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or the failure’ofpay*

faid high treafurer for the time being, as aforefaid, have ad- ment of the

vanced to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, one fifth part of his, her, whole pur-

or their purchafe money, and his, her, or their executors, ad- cha^e money*

miniftrators, fucceflors, or afligns, do not advance and pay to

the faid cafhier or cafhiers, one tenth part of his, her, or their

confideration money fo to be paid for fuch refpedhve annuity or

annuities as aforefaid, on or before the twentieth day of May,

one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; one other tenth part

thereof, on or before the twentieth day of June, then next en-

fuing; one other fifth part thereof, on or before the twenty fe-

cond day of Augujl, then next enfuing; one other tenth part

thereof, on or before the twenty fecond day of September, then next

enfuing; one other tenth part thereof, on or before the twenty

firft day of October, then next enfuing; and the remaining fifth

part thereof on or before the twentieth day of December, then

next following; then, and in every fuch cafe refpedlively, fo

much of the confideration money, as fhall have been adtually	w^jj

paid in part thereof only to the faid cafhier or cafhiers for fuch ;n par^ ^

refpedlive annuity, (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the pub-

lick; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwith-

flanding.

XXXVII.	And whereat it is intended, That the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, being the refidue of the faid fum of three mil- The re™a1"" lions already charged by this act, upon the faid neiv and additional to^>e raifed°ty rates and duties, appropriated for payment thereof, in manner before a lottery, dire died and appointed, flrnll be raifed by way of a lottery, for the

purchafe of annuities> after the rate of four pounds per centuna ^fra^uC^reat

Pei* 4.1. per cent.

Hosted by Google

4*6	Anno	decimo	nono GeoRGH II. c. 12.	[1746.

per annum, in manner hereafter mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the annuities becoming due and payable to the contributors to the lottery herein after mentioned, their executors, adminiftrators and afligns, at the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, in refpetft of the faid principal fum of live hundred thoufand pounds, in manner hereafter in this a6t exprefled, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that be-half, (hall be charged upon the faid new and additional rates and commence ° duties, from the feaft day of the birth of our Lord Chrift, one from 25 De- thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, and (hall from time? to cember, 1746, time be paid half yearly, at the feafts of the nativity of Saint J°hn the baptift, and the birth of our Lord Chrift, by even ^	and equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be due and

payable for the half-year ending at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the baptift, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That for or towards raifing the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, it (ball and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute by paying at or before the refpecftive times by this a<5t The price of a limited in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appoint-ticket id. ec| por t^at pUrp0fe> as ;s herein after mentioned, the fum of ten pounds, or divers entire fums of ten pounds upon this a<ft; and that every fuch contributor and adventurer for every fuch fum of ten pounds, which he, (he, or they (hall fo advance, (hall be interefted in fuch lot or (hare of and in the joint ftock of annuities, eftablilhed by this a6t, as is herein after mentioned and appointed in that behalf; and the fame entire fums of ten pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto fuch receiver or receivers, at fuch time or times, and in fuch proportions at a time, as are herein after mentioned in that behalf; Purchafe mo- that is to fay, one fourth part thereof, on or before the twenty when pay- tieth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; a c‘	one other fourth part thereof, on or before the twenty firft day

of July, then next enfuing; one other fourth part thereof, on or before the twenty fecond day of September, then next enfuing ; and the remaining fourth part thereof, on or before the twenty firft day of October, then next following.

Treafury to appoint managers of the lottery. Books to be prepared by the managers, containing the numbers of the tickets. Treafury to appoint receivers, who (hall give (ecurity. Receivers to iffue tickets at 10I. each. Tickets undifpofed or to be returned into the exchequer. There thall be printed 50,000 tickets 5 7150 fhall be fortunate; two io,oool. three 5000I. five 2000I. fifteen ioool. thirty one 500I. one hundred and fifty one iool. three hundred and ninety eight 50I. fix thoufand five hundred and forty five 20I. which iums, together with 500I. to the firft drawn ticket, and ioool, to the laft drawn, will amount to 24.2,9001. which being added to 257,1001. the principal payable to the remaining 4.2,850 blank tickets, at 61. each, amount to 500,0001. the fum total to be converted into annuities in refpe<5t of the lottery tickets. Lottery to begin drawing 24. Nov. 1744. The prizes to be entered. The prize tickeps to be filed* Managers to de-

. ter?

Hosted by Google

1746O Anno decimo nono Georgii 11. c.	427

termine difputes of property* Felony to forge or alter the number of a ticket. Guardians may adventure infants money in the lottery ; fo as fuch infants names be in the receipts and tickets. Tickets to be exchanged for certificates after the lottery is drawn. Names of perfons exchanging tickets, to be entered in a book. Exp.

LIV. And be it further enatfled by the authority aforefaid,. That the faid accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, to whom the faid certificates are to be directed as aforefaid, (hall, upon receiving and taking in the faid certificates, or any of them, give credit to the perfons named therein, in the fame book or books with the contributors for the pur-chafe of the annuities, not exceeding two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, herein before directed to be inferted in a book or books, or in any other book or books, to be by him provided and kept for that purpofe, for the principal fums contained in every fuch certificate; and the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums fihall be entered in the faid book or books, his, her, or their executors and adminiflrators fhall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any part, fhare or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other books, to be prepared and kept by the faid accomptant general for that purpofe; and the principal fums fo affigned or transferred, fhall carry the faid annuity of four pounds per centum per annum, and fhall be taken and deemed to be flock transferrable by this a6f, according to the powers and authority herein after mentioned, until the redemption thereof as aforefaid; and the faid accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, is hereby authorized and dire£fed to cancel and file the certificates, as they fhall from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the perfons bringing in the fame a note under his hand, teftifying the principal money for which they fhall have credit in the faid book or books, by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, and cancelled as afprefaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

LV. And for the more eafy and fure payment of the feveral and refpedtive annuities, amounting in the whole to three millions, by this a<5t authorized to be purchafed as aforefaid; it is hereby further enacfled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the bank of iEngland, and their fuccef-fors, fhall from time to time, until the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, fhall be redeemed according to this a6t, appoint and employ one fufEcient perfon, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firft calhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the fame office, to be their accomptant general; and that fo much of the monies, from time to time ariEng into the receipt of the exchequer, for the faid feveral rates and duties by this a6t appropriated for this purpofe (after fatisfying or re-ferving money fufficient to fatisfy the feveral annuities herein after charged ujDon the faid feveral r^tes and duties, and made

pay.

Accomptant general of the bank, to give credit to the perfonsnamed in the certificates j

Annuities made tianf-ferrable;

Certificates to be cancelled and filed, and notes given in their itead.

Bank of England to pay the annuities;

Money to be •paid out of the exchequer to the bank for that purpofe*

Hosted by Google

4^8



Cafhlers to pay the fame, and account ir the exchequer

Accomptant general to in-fped the carriers accounts. Annuities a perfonal e-ftate; and exempt from foreign attachment.

3,ooo,oool. one capital ftock, attended with annuities at 4I. per cent.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12.	[1746^

payable at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for and during the life or lives of the feveral contributors to the lottery a-forefaid, or the life or lives of the refpedive nominees, in manner herein after mentioned) as (hall be fufficient, from time to time, to anfwer the faid feveral and refpedive annuities, and other payments directed to be paid or difcharged out of the fame, (hall, by order of the commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or the commifTioners of the treafury of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpedive half yearly feaft days or days of payment, in this a<ft before appointed for payment thereof, he iflued and paid at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the faid firft or chief cafhier or eafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank: of England, and their fucceftors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of the faid feveral and refpedive annuities to be purchafed upon this ad, at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form, as are by this ad prefcribed in that behalf; and that all and every fuch cafhier or eafhiers, to whom the faid monies fhall from time to {time be iftiied, fhall from time to time, without delay, apply . and pay the fame accordingly, and render his account thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer; any thing herein* contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVI. And it is hereby alfo enaded, That the faid accomptant general for the time being, (hall from time to time infped and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or eafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay; and that all and every per-fon and perfons whaifoever, who fhall be intitled to any of the faid feveral and refpedive annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, fhall be poftefted thereof as of a perfonal eftate, and the fame fhall not be defcendible to the heir, and (hall not be liable to any fore gn attachment by the cuftom of London, or other-wife; any law, ftatute or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all thp monies to be advanced or contributed, or to which any perfon or perfons (hall become intitled upon this ad, for or towards the faid fu'm not exceeding three millions, fhall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one capital or joint ftock, on which the fa»d feveral and refpedive annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum fer annum, fhall be attending; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money by him, her, or them advanced, or to which they fhall become intitled as aforefaid, upon this ad, (hall have, and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and ihare in the faid ftock, and in the annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid ; and that the whole capital or joint ftock, pr any ffyare or iqtereft therein/ and the porportional annuity

Hosted by

Google

1746.] Anno dedmo nono Georgii II. c. 12.	429

attending the fame* fhall be affignable and transferable as this a<5t directs, and not otherwife; and that there (hall conftantly transferable, be kept at all feafonable times, in the office of the faid accompt-ant general for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books, wherein all alignments or transfers of the faid whole capital or joint (lock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid, fhall be entered and regiftered ; which entries fhall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and fhall be figned by the parties mak- Meffi°d of ing fuch alignments or transfers; or if fuch parties be abfent, trans err ng* by his., her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneffes; and that the per-fon or perfons, to whom fuch transfer fhall be made, do underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of affigning or transferring the faid ftock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any interefl: therein, fhall be good or available in law.

LVIII. Provided always, That any perfon or perfons poffeff- Stock with ed of fuch ftock, with the annuity or annuities attending the b^devifed^3^ fame, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by	*

will, in writing, attefted by two or more credible witneffes; but the w\\\ bein<r that fuch devifee fhall receive no payment thereupon, till fo entered in the much of the faid will, as relates to the faid ftock or annuity, be office, entered in the faid office; and in default of fuch transfer or devife, the faid ftock and annuities attending the fame, fhall go No ftamp to the executors or adminiftrators; and that no ftamp duties duties on whatfoever fhall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of transfers, them; any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the autho- -ganJ< t CQn rity aforefaid, That the faid governor and company of the bank tinue acorpo-of England, and their fucceffors, (notwithftanding the redemp- ration till the tion of all or any their own funds, in purfuance of the adls for annuities he eftablifhing the fame, or any of them) fhall continue a corpo- redeemed* ration, with all the powers, privileges, and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purpofes in this a<51 expreffed, till all the annuities to be purchafed on this a61 fhall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf; and the laid governor and company, or any members thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this add.

LX. Provided always, and be it enabled by theAuthority ^^rddheof aforefaid, That the commiftioners of the treafury, or any three ^cers cjeik$l or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three &c. or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall have power, and they are hereby authorized out of the faid feveral rates and duties by this add granted and appropriated as aforefaid, to reward the officers and clerks of the faid exchequer, that (hall'be any ways employed in the execution of this add, in relation to the annuities, to be payable at the faid re-

Hosted by Google

Officers and allowances at the difpofal Q the bank.

Manner of redeeming the annuities.

What {hall be a fufficient notice*

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. ii< [^74^

eeipt* as herein after mentioned, for their labour, pains, and fervice therein refpedively, and to difeharge all fuch incident charges, as (hall neceffarily attend the execution of this ad, in fuch manner, as to them (hall feem juft and reafonable; and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances, out of the contributions to the lottery aforefaid, as they (hall think juft and rea^ fonable, for the fervice, pains, and labour of the receiver or receivers of the contributions to the faid lottery, for receiving and accounting for the fame; as alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving and accounting for the contributions to the annuities granted by this ad ; and alfo fuch further allowances, out of the feveral rates and duties by this ad appropriated, as they (hall think juft and reafonable, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the feveral and refpedive annuities, payable in refped thereof; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and trouble of the accomptant general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on him by this ad; all. which allowances hereby impowered to ^be made as aforefaid, in refped to the fervice, pains, and la-’ hour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. That at any time upon one year’s notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of parliament, at any of the half yearly feaftdays, for payment of the faid refpedive annuities, or either of them, and upon repayment by parliament, of the refpedive principal fums, for which the faid refpedive annuities, or either of them, fhall be payable to fuch refpedive perfons or corporations, as fhall be intitled to the fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities; then, and not till then, the faid refpedive annuities fhall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed; and from and after fuch redemption, the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties, fhall not be iffiied or applied to any ufe or purpofe, but as (hall be direded by future ad or ads of parliament, except fo much monies of the faid feveral rates and duties, as fhall be fufficient from time to time to fatisfy and pay the feveral and refpedive annuities by this ad herein after made payable at the receipt of exchequer, to the feveral contributors to the lottery before mentioned, or their affigns, during their lives, or the lives of their refpedive nominees, in manner herein after direded ; any thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding; and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons fignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be inferted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and

adjudged

Hosted by Google

t 74.6.] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12,	431

adjudged to be fufficient notice, within the words and meaning of this a6h

Limitation of Tales of chances, &c. Office-keepers publifhing fchemes re-lating to tickets not in their own poffeffion, to forfeit 5001. and be im-prifdhed 3 months. EXP.

LXIV. And for the greater encouragement of perfons to be- Encourage-come contributors to the lottery herein before mentioned; be ment for conit further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every tributors to the perfon and perfons who (hall advance and pay unto fuch re- ^ j0tter^ 0 ceiver or receivers, to be appointed as aforefaid, at or before the refpedlive days and times, and in the refpedlive proportions herein before diredled, the principal fum of one hundred pounds for the purchafe of ten tickets in the faid lottery, (hall, for or in refpedt of the faid principal fum of one hundred pounds fo to be advanced and paid, be intitled to have and receive, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, during his, her, or their own life, or the life of fome other perfon to be nominated by him, her, or them, or by his, her, or their afligns, an annuity of nine pounds, being computed after the rate of eighteen fhill-	^or

ings per annum for each ticket, and fo in proportion for any 1 e 0 9 * greater number of tickets to be contributed for by any fuch perfon or perfons (over and above the annuity of four pounds per befides 4I.per centum per annum, before by this a6t made payable at the bank cenL P6r ann* of England to fuch contributor) which faid refpedtive annuity or annuities to be paid at the exchequer as aforefaid, (ball commence from the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the baptift, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, and be paid and payable to fuch contributor or contributors, or his, her, or their affign or afligns, at the times, and in the manner herein after mentioned; and the faid receiver or receivers is and are hereby directed and required, as A certificate foon as he or they (hall have received from any fuch contributor contriDu^ors^ or contributors, one moiety of the feveral fums by them refpec-	7

tively intended to be advanced, for the purchafe of ten tickets, or more, in the faid lottery, as aforefaid, forthwith to give fuch contributor or contributors, or his, her, or their afligns, a certificate or certificates, figned by him or them (dire&ed to the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer) to be printed or written upon cheque paper, and cut out indentwife through fome flourifh or device, to be contrived by the faid receiver or receivers, containing the names, furnames, places of abode, and other additions of fuch contributor or contributors, or his, her, or their afligns, together with the annuity payable to them in refpedt of the principal fums advanced by them for the purchafe of fuch tickets, computed after the rate of eighteen (hillings per an?iu?n for each ticket, in manner herein before mentioned (which faid certificate or certificates fhall be aflignable, by in- affignable be-dorfement thereupon to be made, and witneffed by two perfons, fore Dec, at any time or times before the twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix) and in order to prevent the auditor of the faid receipt from being impofed upon by any

counterfeit

Hosted by Google

43^	Anno	decimo	nono GeorgiI II. c. 12.	[174$.

Counterpart of counterfeit or forged certificate or certificates, the faid receiver

cheques of all or receivers fhall, and they are hereby diredled and required to ccrtitiCcitcs to	*	1	•	^	1

be returned to tran^mit to auditor of the receipt in the faid exchequer (as

the exche- foon as the faid whole fum of five hundred thoufand pounds,

quer.	by this acl intended to be raifed by way of a lottery, fhall be

advanced and paid to him or them) the counterpart of the

cheques of all the certificates given by him or them to fuch

contributors as aforefaid \ upon which faid counterparts of the

faid cheques fhall be expreffed the number of each certificate,

the contributor’s name, and the annuity contained therein.

A book of the LXV. And it is hereby further ena6ted by the authority

names of con-aforefaid. That the faid receiver or receivers (hall alfo, within

to be^ent to * f°urteen days a^ter ^ twentY firft day of Ottober, one thou-the exche- fand feven hundred and forty fix, tranfmit to the auditor of the quer.	faid receipt of exchequer, a book fairly written on paper, figned

by him or them, containing the names of the feveral contributors, towards raifing the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds by way of lottery as aforefaid, the number of tickets fublcribed for by each fuch contributor, the principal fums by them re-fpedlively paid for the purchafe of fuch tickets, and the annuity payable in refpedl thereof, at the rate aforefaid; to the end the faid auditor may be thereby fatisfied, that the faid full and entire fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, to be advanced as aforefaid, hath been paid to fuch receiver or receivers \ which book fhall remain in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer for ever.

Certificates to LXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority be changed tor aforefaid, That all and every the contributor or contributors orders'before aforefaid, or fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be pofTefled of Dec. 2.5,1746. anY fQCh certificate or certificates, by this a6t dire&ed to be given by fuch receiver or receivers as aforefaid, (hall, before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, all and every the faid certificate and certificates aforefaid, to be exchanged tor orders to be made out in	the manner hereafter mentioned; and (ball alfo, at the

A life to be ^ame	name to the faid auditor his, her, or their own or

named.	fome	other life, during which he, (he, or they, or his, her, or

their affigns, (hall be intitled to receive a dividend or (hare of the yearly fund, hereafter directed to be fet apart out of the faid feveral rates and duties by this a61 granted to his Majefty as aforefaid, on pain of forfeiting, not only the half-year's annui-PenaJty.	ty}	fhall become due and payable to fuch contributors,

or their affigns, on the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix (in refpe6t of the principal fums by them refpedlively advanced as aforefaid) but alfo all fuch fubfequent half-yearly payments, as (hall become payable to fuch contributors, or their affigns, until he, (lie, or they fhall have produced to the auditor of the faid receipt their refpedtive certificates to be exchanged for orders as aforefaid * any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXVII. And

Hosted by Google

1746*] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 121	423

LXVII. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority Exchequer or-aforefaid, That the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer fhall, as foon as conveniently may be, after fuch certihcate or macle out# certificates fhall be delivered to him, caufe fuch and fo many order or orders for payment of fuch annuities to be made out in exchange for fuch certificate or certificates, as fhall be defired by the faid feveral and refpechve contributors, or their affigns, taking care that the annuity or annuities made payable by fuch refpedive order or orders, do not exceed in the whole the annuity or annuities fpecified and exprefied in fuch certihcate or certificates, in exchange for which fuch order or orders fhall be fo made out as aforefaid; which faid order or orders fhall be made out upon vellum or parchment, and fhall contain the names, furnames, and places of abode, and other additions of the refpedhve contributors, or their afhgns, and of their nominees, and alfo the annuity payable during the life of fuch nominees to be appointed as aforefaid, out of the yearly fund herein after directed to be fet apart for that purpofe; and all fuch orders fhall be figned by the commifTioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being; and after figning thereof, the fame fhall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this a<5t, and fhall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removals of any commiffioner orcom-miflioners of the treafury, or high treafurer; nor (hall they, or any of them, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void fuch orders fo figned as aforefaid.

LXVIIL And it is hereby enabled, That in the offices of the Books to be auditor of the faid receint of exchequer, and clerk of the pells kept in the of-

1	a	J	*	firp nf fhp 5n

feverally, there fhall be provided and kept one or more book di'or and or books, in which fhall be fairly entered the names of all fuch clerk’of the contributors, and their nominees, during whofe lives refpec- pells, tively, the feveral dividends of the faid yearly fund hereafter directed to be fet apart, fhall be payable at the times when the fame fhall be nominated as aforefaid; to which books it fhall to be infpeft-be lawful for the refpedtive contributors, their executors, admi- ed by contri-niftrators, or affigns, from time to time, to have refort, and to butors# infpect the fame without fee or reward.

LXIX. And it .is hereby further enacted by the authority Yearly fund aforefaid, That out of the monies arifing by virtue of this act, of 45,0001. for there fhall yearly and every year be feparated and kept apart, at Pa3,lnS annui-the faid receipt of exchequer, the lum of forty five thoufand ties* pounds ; which faid fum of forty five thoufand pounds fhall be, and is hereby declared to be, a yearly fund for anfwering and paying the annuities aforefaid ; and fhall yearly and every year, be equally divided amongft the faid contributors, their executors, adminiftracors, or affigns, during the lives of their refpec-tive nominees, in proportion to the principal fums by them advanced, by two equal half-yearly payments; that is to fay, at the feafb of the birth of our Lord Chrift, and the nativity of Times of pay-Saint John the baptift: the firft payment thereupon to be made menu Vol. XVIII.	Ff	at

Hosted by Google

Orders tranf-ferrable.

To be regi-ftered without fee.

434	Annodecimo	nono	GeoRGH	II.	C.	12.	[1746.

Shares of an- at the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift, one thoufand fevert nuities to hundred and forty fix; and upon the death of every fuch no-oFnominee^/1 minee, the (hare of the faid fund, which was payable during his or her life, (hall ceafe and determine.

LXX. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any contributor, or his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, at any time during the life of his, her, or their refpe<5tive nominees, by proper words of affign ment to be indorfed on his, her, or their order, to be witnefled by two perfons, to affign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, in-tereft, and benefit of fuch order or orders, to any other perfon or perfons; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, the officers there (hall caufe an entry or memorial thereof to be made in the book of regiftry for fuch orders, without fee or charge; and after fuch entry made, fuch alignment fhall intitle fuch affignee, his her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns to the benefit thereof, and Afiignees may payment thereon ; ancf fuch affignee may in like manner affign aflign again again, and fo toties quoties; and afterwards it (hall not be in the tones quoties. p0vver 0f fuch perfon or perfons, who {hall make fuch affign-

ment, to make void, releafe, or difcharge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

Infants, being LXXL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

teri^tickets	*n ca^e any guarc^an or truftee, having the difpofal of the

andnominees money of any infant, {hall, in purfuance of the power herein intitled to the before given to him or them in that behalf, have advanced and benefit.	paid	to	fuch receiver or receivers as aforefaid, any fum or fums

of money of fuch infant for the purchafe of ten tickets, or more, in the faid lottery, in manner therein directed, and (hall thereupon, within the time herein before appointed for naming of lives, name the faid infant to be a nominee, fuch infant, upon payment of fuch fum or fums of money, fhall become a contributor within the meaning of this a6t, in fuch manner and proportion as any other contributor; and the faid guardians and truftees, as to the fum fo advanced by them, are hereby discharged.

Abfent no mi-	LXXII. And for preventing all frauds in receiving any fhare

nees to be cer- of the yearly fund hereby appointed to be fet apart as aforefaid ; tified living; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, affigns, or agents, upon their demanding any half-yearly payment of his, her, or their reipecStive {hares of the faid yearly fund (unlefs the nominee appear in perfon at the faid receipt) fhall produce a certificate of the life of his, her, or their refpedlive nominee, figned by the minifter and churchwardens oftheparifh where fuch nominee (hall be then living upon the day when the faid half-yearly payment fhall become due (if fuch nominee {hall be then reading in that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed) or otherwife it {hall and may be lawful to and for every fuch contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, at his, her, or their

ekdion.

Hosted by Google

435

1746.] Anno decimo nono GeoRGII II. c. iaT

election, to make oath of the truth of his, her, or their refpe&ive nominees life, upon the day when the faid half-yearly payment (hall become due, before one or more juftices of the peace of the refpe&ive county, riding, city, town, or place, wherein fuch perfon, at the time of making fuch oath, (hall refide; and in like manner, every fuch contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, afligns, or agents, whofe nominee (hall refide in any town or place, being extraparochial, upon the day when any of the faid half-yearly payments (hall become due, (hall make a like oath before any fuch juftice or juftices aforefaid, of the life of fuch nominee on that day (which oath the faid juftice or juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) and fuch juftice or juftices (hall make a certificate thereof, for which oath and certificate no fee or reward (hall be demanded or paid ; and the faid certificates (hall be filed in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer; and if any perfon (hall be guilty of a falfe oath, or (hall forge any certificates, touching the premifles, and be thereof lawfully convi&ed, fuch perfon (hall incur the pains and penalties to be inflidted upon perfons who fhall commit wilful perjury and forgery; and in cafe any nominee fhall, at the time of fuch demand, be refident in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ or in the kingdom of Ireland, and any one or more of the barons of the Exchequer there, for the time being, fhall certify that, upon proof to him or them made (which proof he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to take in a fummary way) it doth feem probable to him or them, that the faid nominee is living (which certificate is to be given on examination made, without fee or charge) the faid certificate being filed as aforefaid, (hall be a fufncient warrant for making the faid half-yearly payment to the refpedlive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns; and in cafe any fuch nominee fhall, at the time of fuch demand, be refident in any parts beyond the feas, the proprietors of all fuch orders, or their a-gents, (hall produce certificates of the life of his, her, or their refpe&ive nominees, under the hand of the Britijh minifter re-fidingat the place where any fuch nominee fhall be living, upon the day when the faid half-yearly payment (hall become due; and in cafe no Britijh minifter (hall refide at the place where any fuch nominee (hall live, then the faid proprietors of fuch orders, or their agents, (hall produce a certificate of the life of his, her, or their refpective nominees, under the hand and feal of the chief magiftrate of any city, town, or place, where any fuch nominee ftiall be then living, upon the day when the faid half-yearly payment (hall become due as aforefaid ; and every fuch agent or agents ftiall alfo annex to every fuch certificate, an affidavit to be made by him or them, before one or more of the barons of the Exchequer, that he or they do believe that fuch certificate is true; which certificate being filed as aforefaid, fhall be a fufficient warrant for making the faid half-yearly payment to the refpedtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns; and if any perfon or perfons (hall receive one

F f 2	or

or oath made, &c.

Penalty on a falfe oath, or forged certifi-cate.

Nominees beyond feas to be certified living.

Penalty,on receiving an an-

death of a nominee.

Notice to be given on the

436	Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12.	[1746.

nuity after the or more half-yearly payments upon his, her, or their annuity or death of a annuities* for any time beyond the death of his, her, or their nominee or nominees, when the fame ought to ceafe, fuch pef-fon or perfons fhall forfeit treble the value of the monies fo by him, her, of them received, and alfo the fum of five hundred pounds j the moiety whereof fhall go to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, fuit, or information; in which no eflbin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid. That every contributor, his, her, or their executors, ad-death of a no-mjnjftrators^ or aff1gnS) within one month next after notice of the death of his, her, or their refpective nominee or nominees, fhall certify fuch death to the auditor, of the faid receipt of exchequer for the time being; and fhall alfo within three months after fuch notice, deliver, or caufe to be delivered up to the faid auditor, his, her, or their order or orders, by which he, (he, or they was and were intituled during the life of fuch nominee, to any (hare of the faid yearly fund, in cafe fuch order and orders be in his, her, or their hands or power; and in default thereof, fuch contributor, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds ; to be recovered by adlion of debt as aforefaid, and to be had and received for the ufe of any perfon who fhall fue for the fame.

LXXIV. And be it further enadted by the authority afore

Penalty on default.

Annuities free from taxes.

New orders in what cafes to be made cut;

faid, That all the annuities payable to fuch contributors out of the faid yearly fund, (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

LXXVh And ivhereas it may fo happen, that in procefs of time, feveral of the faid ftanding orders may he loji, burnt, or defroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated, or incumbered with many alignments endorfed thereon, and it may be neceffary that new orders fkould be made forth in lieu thereof; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all or any the faid cafes, any three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall, and they are hereby impowered from time to time (upon certificate under the hand of the lord chief baron, or 2ny other the barons of the coif of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer,that he or they are fatisfied by proof upon oath before him or them made, that any fuch order or orders have been loft, burnt, or otherwife deftreyed) to caufe new orders to be made forth at the exchequer, to be figned by him or them, in lieu of fuch orders fo certified to be loft, burnt, or deftroyed ; and the refpedlive officers in the fagd exchequer are hereby di-redled to pay the intereft, which fhall from time to time become due upon fuch new orders, as if the original order or orders had been produced; and all fuch payments fhall be allowed in their refpedtive accounts, provided that the perfon or perfons intitled to receive the intereft due upon any fuch order or orders, do give

fecurity

Hosted by Google

437

1746-] Anno declmo nono Georgii II. C. 12.

fecurity to the King, to the good liking of the perfon appointed to pay the fame, to pay into the exchequer for the ufe of the publick, fo much money as (hall be paid thereupon, if the order or orders fo certified to be loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroy-ed, be hereafter produced ; and the faid commiftioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall and are hereby alfo impowered to caufe new (landing orders to be made forth, for and in lieu of fuch orders as (hall become defaced, Entries to b$ obliterated, or otherwife incumbered, as aforefaid; which faid made upon orders (hall be at the fame time delivered up, and cancelled, and new onlerSf the new order or orders to be made out in lieu thereof, (hall be made payable, and delivered to the perfon or perfons who (hall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors of the faid order or orders fo to be delivered up, and cancelled at the time of fuch delivery up, as aforefaid ; and the auditor of the receipt aforefaid (hall always take care that fuch entries or memorandums be made upon the faid new orders, as may denote their being made in lieu of fuch defaced, obliterated, incumbered, or otherwife defective orders cancelled, and as may fecure the publick againft any double payments, for or by reafon of the making out, or iffuing fuch new orders in manner aforefaid.

LXXVI. And for preventing all frauds and abufes in or a- Counterfeit-bout the faid (landing orders, or any alignments thereof, or the ing of orders, receiving the annuities due or to grow due thereon ; be it en- alignments, a6led by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or willfully a61 and afiift in the forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates to be given by fuch receiver or receivers, or any order or orders, to be made forth in lieu thereof, in purfuance of this prefent a6l, or any af-fignment or aftignments of fuch order or orders, or of the annuities payable thereon, or of any receipt or difcharge to the exchequer, for the annuities due or to grow due on any fuch order or orders, or of any letter of attorney, or other authority or inftrument, to transfer, aftign, alien, or convey any fuch order or orders, or to receive the annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any part thereof, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully a61 or afiift in the forging or counterfeiting any the name or names of any of the proprietors of any fuch order or orders, in or to any fuch pretended aftignment or aftignments, receipt, letter of attorney, inftrument or authority, or (hall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive any fuch annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, by virtue of any fuch forged or counterfeited receipt, letter of attorney, certificate, inftrument or authority, or (hall falfly and deceitfully per-fonate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any of the faid order or orders, and thereby aftign or endeavour to aftign any of the faid order or orders, or receive or endeavour to receive the money of fuch true and lawful proprietor, as if fuch offender were the true and lawful owner thereof 3 then, and in

F f 3	every

Felony*

No fee (or receiving contributions,

Penalty on mifapplica-tion of monies, &c.

438	Anno	decitno	nono Georgii II. c. ii\ [1746.

every fuch cafe, all and every perfon and perfons being thereof lawfully convi&ed in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer as in cafes of felony, without benefit

of clergy.

LXXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty’s fubje&s, for receiving or paying the faid contribution paying annui- monies, or any of them, or for paying the faid feveral annuities, ties, &c. or any 0f them5 or for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this aCl, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit; and that all receipts and iffues, and all other things dire&ed by this aCfc to be performed in the exchequer, (hall be done and performed by the officers there, without demanding or receiving, direclly or indirectly, any fee, reward, or gratuity for the fame; and in cafe the officers of the exchequer lhall take or demand any fuch fee or reward, or (hall milapply or divert any of the monies to be paid into the exchequer upon this aCt, or (hall pay or iffue out of the fame, otherwife than according to the intent of this a<5t, or (hall not keep fuch books or regifters, or make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this a<5t they are directed and required to do, and perform, every fuch officer (hall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of any office or place of truft whatfoever, and (hall anfwer and pay treble cofts of fqit to any contributor, or perfon claiming under him, that will fue for the fame; to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejimln-Jier, wherein no effoln, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed ; and in the faid aCtion the plaintiff, upon recovery, (ball have full cofts of fuit; one third of which fum (hall be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer, for the benefit of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the o-ther two thirds (hall be to and for the ufe of the profecutor.

Cafes exempt LXXVIIL Provided always, and be it enaCted, That in cafe from penalty. any officer of the exchequer (hall make payment of any (hare or fhares of the faid yearly fund of forty five thoufand pounds, by this ad dire&ed to be fet apart for the purpofes aforefaid, upon any fuch certificate or certificates as aforefaid, fuch officer (hall not incur any penalty, forfeiture, or difability, or be liable to any aCtion of the contributors for doing thereof, though the faid certificate be forged or falfe, or the faid nominee be dead, unlefs the faid officer did know at the time of fuch payment, that the faid nominee was dead, or that the faid certificate was forged or falfe.	'

Deficiencies LXXIX. And it is hereby enaCled by the authority afore-to be made faid, That if at any time or times the produce of the faid feve-UP >	ral rates and duties (hall happen to be fo low or deficient as that

the monies arifing therefrom into the exchequer, (hall not be C	fuffi-

Hosted by Google

439

1746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 12.

fufficient to pay and difcharge the feveral and refpective annuities, and other charges directed to be paid thereout, at the end of any or either of the refpedive half-yearly days of payment, at which the fame are hereby direded to be paid, then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch deficiency or deficiencies (hall outof over-and may be fupplied out of the overplus monies, that (hall pjus raonies^ or may happen to arife and be paid into the exchequer in any of the fubfequent half years, as the faid refpedive annuities fhall, from time to time become due and payable, and in cafe fuch overplus monies fhall not be fufficient to fatisfy deficiencies hereby intended from time to time be paid thereout, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the deficiencies fo from time to time happening,

(hall, from time to time, be anfwered and madegood by and out of or> next fup^ the firft: fupplies which (hall be granted in parliament next after plies, fuch deficiencies fhall appear; and in cafe no fuch fupplies fhall be granted within fix months next after fuch deficiencies fhall happen, then the fame fhall be made good out of any of the monies which at any time or times fhall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furpluffes, excefTes, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies or finking of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe *unci; or ufes by any former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund fhall and may be from time to time iffued and applied accordingly j and if at any time or times before any monies of the feveral rates and duties hereby granted fhall be brought into the exchequer as aforefaid, there fhall happen to be a want^of money for paying the feveral annuities aforefaid, which be adually incurred and grown due at any of the faid half-yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the money fo wanted fhall and may be fupplied out of the monies of the faid finking fund (except as before excepted) and be iffued accordingly.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Tobere-aforefaid, That whatever monies fhall be fo iflued out of the placed out of (inking fund, fhall from time to time be replaced by and out of the next fup-the firft fupplies, to be then after granted in parliament.	pfies*

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- Surplus$io-rity aforefaid. That in cafe there fhall be any furplus or re- nies tobedif-mainder of the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and du- Po{*^ ofhY ties, after the faid feveral and refpedive annuities, and all arrears par iamen • thereof are fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder fhall, from time to time, be referved for the difpofition of parliament, and fhall not be iffued but by the authority of parliament, and as fhall be directed by future a61 or ads of parliament; any thing in any former or other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary not-withftanding.

LXXXII. And it is hereby enaded by the authority afore- General iffue. faid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done, or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any matter or thing in

F f 4	this

Hosted by

Google

44°

Treble cofts.

aSGeo.x.c. 5

Anno decimo nono Ge'orgii II.

c. 12.

.[1746.

Officers of the exchequer to jnake out orders on the fait duty in the proprietors names, ■who lhall firft bring their receipts.

Pro vifo.*

this aft contained, fuch perfon or perfons fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdift fhall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofls to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LXXXIII. And whereas by an aft of parliament pajftd in the eighteenth year of his Majeftfs reign, (intituled, An aft for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of fix years; and for declaring that the duties on fait which a rife and are payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland-, fhall be fubjeft to the fame charges thereon, as the fame duties were liable to by the aft of the fifth year of the mom of his late majefty King George the Firft,) the fnm of one million was advanced and lent on credit of the faid duties, for* which orders ivere dire ft ed by the [aid aft to be made out at the receipt of the exchequer (upon producing the proper receipts of the receivers of the faid ftm of one million) in the names of the contributors thereof, or their ajjigns, payable in fuch courfe and manner , as is therein dire ft ed ; which faid receipts were to be divided into ten clajfes, and the courfe of payment of each particular claffis was to be determined by draiving lots before the commijjioners of his Majefty s treaftury, or the high treafturer for the time being ; and whereas fome doubts have ariften as to the method of making out• fuch orders, by reafon of the delay of fome of the contributors on the faid aft, or their cfftgns, in bringing in their receipts to the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer to be exchanged jor orders as aforefaid \ be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the officers of the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, to make out orders in the names of the refpeftive proprietor or proprietors, who fhall firft bring their refpeftive receipt or receipts to be exchanged for orders, to be payable firft in courfe, within their refpeftive claffis in which fuch receipt or receipts is or are contained; and the orders to be made out for the receipts contained in the claffis firft in courfe of payment, final 1 be numbered in an arithmetical progreffion, beginning with N° I. and fo on, afcending until all the orders are made out for the receipts contained in the faid claffis ; and the like method fhall be obferved in making out and numbering the orders for receipts in each particular claffis, which fhall alfo begin with N° I. refpeftivejy, and fo to be numbered in an arithmetical progreffion ; and the faid orders fo to be made out and numbered as aforefaid, fhall be regiftered and payable in courfe.

LXXXIV. Provided always. That the officers of the faid receipt of exchequer fhall not incur any penalty or difability for or on account of their making out, numbering, regiftering, or paying the faid orders in the courfe and manner herein before direfted; any thing in the before recited aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo nono GeorGH II. c. 13,14.	441

CAP. XIII.

An aft to enlarge the time for jujlices of the peace to take and fubfcribe the oath direfted by an aft made in the lafi feffwn of parliament, intituled, An aft to amend and render more effeftual an aft palled in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further qualification of jujlices of the peace.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the lafi fejfton of parliament, 5 Geo. 2.

intituled, An aft to amend and render more effeftual an c. iff. aft pafled in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further qualification of jujlices of the peace; it is, amongfi other things, enafted, That no perfon (except fuch as are therein excepted) Jhall, from and after the twenty fifth day tf/'March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, be capable of being a jufiice of the peace, or of afting as fuch, for any county, riding, or divifiony within that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, tvho Jhall not, before the faid twenty fifth day fl/'March, or before he takes upon himfelf to aft as a jufiice of the peace, after the Jaid twenty fifth day of March, at fome general or quarter fejfions for the county, riding, or divifion, for which he does or Jhall intend to aft, firfi take and fubfcribe the oath in the faid aft fet forth, under the forfeiture in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas feveral jujlices of the peace may, by reafon of various accidents, negleft or omit to take and fubfcribe the faid oath, before the twenty fifth day March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix: Now to prevent any inconveniencies that may happen by reafon of fuch negleft or omiffion, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That every jufiice of juftices allow* the peace who has not taken and fubfcribed, or fhall not take edtozoNov. and fubfcribe the faid oath, before the twenty fifth day of *74-6, to qua-March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, according to the direftion of the faid aft, may neverthelefs continue to aft as a jufiice of the peace, until the twentieth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, without being liable to, or incurring any penalties or incapacities, for not taking or fubfcribing the faid oath within the time by the faid aft pre-fcribed.

CAP. XIV.

An aft to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money.

MAY it pleafe your mofi excellent Majefiy, whereas great benefit and advantage did accrue to England, by one aft of parliament pajfed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his majefiy King , g Car. 1. -Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for encouraging of coinage; c. 5. and continued by another aft made in the tiventy fifth year of the . reign of his faid majefiy King Charles, intituled\ An aft for conti- 15 Car. z.

nuing c* 8*

Hosted by Google

s Jac. *. e. 7.

4.W. &M. c. 24.

12 Will. 3. c. II.

>2 Geo. ». £• 5*

Anno decimo nono Geojrgii II. c, 14.	£1746,

nulng a former a£t concerning coinage; both which faid afts were revived by an aft made in the firji year of the reign of his ma-jefy King James the Second; and were continued by an aft'made in the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary of glorious memory \ and were further continued by an aft made _ in the twelfth year of the reign of the faid late King William; and were further continued by an aft made in the feventh year 7 Ann. c. 24. of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne of blejfed memory, and then extended to Scotland ; and were further continued by an xGeo. x. c.43. aft made in the firji year of the reign of his late majefy King George the Firfl of glorious memory, to be in force for feven years from the firji day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, and until the end of the firfl feffion of parliament then next following; and were further continued by another aft made in the ninth year of his iGeo.i.c.19.faid late Majejifs reign, for feven years, from the firji day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and until the end of the firji feffion of parliament then next following; and were 4Geo. 2. C.12. further continued by another aft made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for feven years, from the firji day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, and until the end of the firji fiffion of parliament then next following; and were further continued by another att made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prejent Majejiy, for feven years, from the firji day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty eight, and until the end of the firji feffion of parliament then next following; fo that unlefs the faid ah be continued, the encouragement given thereby, will ceafe, and this kingdom be deprived for the future, of fo great a good, as it hath for many years laji pa ft enjoyed: now we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje£ts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, do give and grant unto your Majefty, the rates, duties, and impofitions herein after mentioned, for and during the term and time herein after expreffed; and do moft humbly pray that it may be enacfted ; and be it enacfted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fuch and the like rates, duties, and impofitions, as by the faid of the eighteenth year of King Charles the Second, were granted, and by the faid fubfequent a<fts were continued, for and upon the importation of wines, vinegar, cyder, and beer, during the refpedive terms and times therein mentioned, fhall be further continued, and be paid and payable to his Majefty, gff Lc. con- his heirs and fueceffors, for and upon all wines, vinegar, cyder, tinued for ^ and beer, which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, years from i vvithin or during the fpace of feven years, to commence from March, 1745.	^y Qf March, one thoufand feven hundred and forty

five, and until the end of the fir ft feffion of parliament then The former next following, and no longer; and that all the faid former afts, and all a<3s, and all other a<5fs of parliament concerning coinage, and others relating cvery Gf them, and every claufe, article, and fentence in them, ^c^oiiunued or any	contained,	now	being	in force, (hall be, and are

The rates, &c. by 18. Car. 2. and by the faid fubfequent a€ts granted upon importation of wines, vine-

Hosted by Google

i746.3	Anno declmonono Georgii II. C. 15.—19;	443

by virtue of this a ft continued, and (hall be in force, and be for that term-* duly put in execution for and during all fuch time and term as are before mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame were Geo. 2.*c. u, particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this prefent act; any former law, ftatute, provifion, matter, or thing what-foever to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And to the end the importers of gold and filver into the mints of England and Scotland refpectively, may not be difcou-raged by any deficiency of the revenue by this act fettled, for defraying the coinage thereof; be it further enacted by the au- Treafury to» thority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the defray the ex-commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of hnd andSc^ the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, and they land* are hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies arifing by this act, or out of any other publick fupplies granted or to be granted by parliament, to caufe fo much money to be applied, as (hall be neceffary for defraying the expences of the laid mints of England and Scotland refpectively, by way of im-preft, and upon account for that fervice, fo as the fame, together with the coinage duties arifing by this act, do not exceed in any one year, the fum of fifteen thoufand pounds, and fo as the faid monies be iffued out of the exchequer of Great Britain, to the matter of the mint in England, and to the matter of the mint in Scotland refpectively, for the faid purpofes.

CAP. XV.

An at for enabling the inhabitants of the hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlefex, to compleat their church, and to pay debts already contracted for the relief of the poor of the faid hamlet.

CAP. XVI.

An at for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts ; and for relief of proteftant purchafers, devifees, and leffees.

EXP.

Deeds and wills of papifts made fince 29 Sept. 1717, and inrolled before i Dec. 1746, to be valid. Purchafes made by proteftants, fince 29 Sept.

1717, not to be vacated for want of inrolment of any deed, See,

CAP. XVII.

An a£t for continuing an a<tt of this prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled*

An aft to impo'iver bis Majefiy to fecure and detain fuch perfons as bis Ma~ jefy Jhall fajpeft are confpiring again/} bis perfon and government. EXP*

cap. xvlu.

An aCl for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for repairing the road from the city of Gloucefter to Stone; and other roads therein mentioned 5 and for making the faid aCt more effectual.

’The aft 12 Geo. 1. c.24. continued for %\ years.

CAP. XIX.

An a£t for enlarging the term and powers granted by an a£t paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his fate majefty King George the Firft, for

repairing

Hosted by Google

444

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 20,-21.	[1746.

refatring and enlarging ihe road from Liverpool to Prefcot, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Laneafier\ and for amending the road leading from Prelcot to the chapel of Saint Helen in the faia county.

The aft iz Geo. i. c. zi. continued for n years.

CAP. XX.

An a 51 to indemnify fuch perfons as have a Bed in defence of his Majefifs p erf on and government, and for the prefer-vcition of the puhlick peace of this kingdom, during the time of the prefent unnatural rehellion ^ and Jheriffs and ethers, who have fuffered efcapes occafioned thereby, from vexatiousfuits andprofecutions. EXP.

WHEREAS, during the unnatural rebellion, ivhich begun in or about the months of July or Auguft^ in the year one thou-fand feven hundred and forty five, and fiill continues, divers lieutenants , deputy lieutenants., jufiices of the peace, mayors, bailiffs of corporations, conflables, and other officers and perfons well affected to his Majefiy, and his government, in order to preferve our prefent happy ejiablifhment, and the peace of this kingdom, and to fupprefs and put an end to the faid rebellion, apprehended, and put into cufio-dy, and imprifoned, or caufed to be apprehended, put into cufiody, and imprifonedfeveral criminals, and feveral perfons, who fujpedei might difturb the publick peace,	foment or promote riots,	tumults

rebellions, or evil dejigns againft the government \ and alfo feized and ufed feveral horfes,	things; and alfo preffed divers

horfes,	carriages,	for the fervices of the publick; and did,

for the purpofes aforefaid,	z/zta *Ztf j/zi poffejjions of fe-

veral perfons, <2;;^ quarter, tf/zi to be quartered divers fol-diers, others, in the houfes of divers perfons,	divers ads,

which could not be juflified by the fir id forms of law, tf/zzZ yet ivere neceffary, and fo much for the fervice of the publick, that they ought to be juflified by ad of parliament, and the perfons by whom they zvere tranfaded ought to be indemnified: and whereas divers Jheriffs, gaolers, and other perfons, may be or are in danger of being fued, indided, profecuted, or proceeded againfl by reafon of efcapes of pri-foners, let out or difeharged by the perfons engaged in the faid rebellion\ be it therefore enacted, &c.

All perfonal a&ions, See. for a<5ls done before 30 April, 774.6, on account of the premiffes, or againft iheriffs, See. for the efcape of prifoners, See. to be void.

CAP.

An att	more	effectually to prevent	profane	and

fwearing.

Forasmuch as the horrid, impious, and execrable vices of profane curfing and fw earing (fo highly difpkafmg to Almighty God, and loathfome and offenfive to every chrijlian) are become fo frequent and notorious, that unlefs fpeedily and effedually punifhed, they may juftly provoke the divine vengeance to increafe the many calamities

thefe

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. C. 21.	445

thefe nations now labour under: and ivhereas the laws now in being for punijhing thofe crimes, have not anfwcred the intents for which they were deftgned, by means of difficulties attending the putting fuch laws in execution: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of fune> one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, if any perfon or perfons (hall profanely curfe or fwear, and be thereof convicfted on the oath of any one or more witnefs or witneffes, before any one juftice of the peace for any county, city, riding, divifion, or liberty, or before the mayor, juftice, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate, of any city or town corporate, or by the confeftion of the party offending, every perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall forfeit and lofe the refpecftive fums herein after mentioned; (that is to fay)

Every day labourer, common foldier, common fail or, and The penalty common feaman, one (hilling ;	of	profane

And every other perfon under the degree of a gentleman, two

perfon of or above the degree of a gentleman, five (hillings.

Shillings And (

And in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons (hall, after convidlion, offend a fecond time, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and lofe double; and for every other offence after a fecond conviction, treble the fum firft forfeited by any offender, for profane curf-ing and fwearing as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall profanely fwear or curfe, in the prefence and hearing of any juftice of the peace for any county, riding, divifion, or liberty ; or in the prefence or hearing of any mayor, juftice, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate of any town corporate; every fuch juftice, mayor, or other chief magiftrate as aforefaid, (hall, and is hereby authorized and required to convidt every fuch offender of fuch offence, (in the form and manner herein after fet forth) without any other proof whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall profanely fwear or curfe, in the prefence and hearing of any conftable, petty conftable, tythingman, or other peace officer, it (hall and may be lawful for any and every fuch conftable, petty conftabie, tythingman, or other peace officer, and they and each of them are hereby authorized and required (in cafe any fuch perfon fhali be unknown to fuch conftable, petty conftable, tythingman, or other peace officer) to feize, fecure, and detain fuch offender or offenders, unknown to him or them as aforefaid ; and fuch offender or offenders forthwith to carry before the next juftice of the

peace

6

Profanefwear-ers in the hearing of any ju-Itice, &c.

to be convifl-ed without other proof.

Conftables, See. to feize perfons profanely fwearing, if unknown.

and bring them before the next juftice, &c.

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo nono GeoRgii II, c. 21.	[1746*

made.

Juftices, &c. upon infor-

peace for the county, riding, divifion, or liberty, or before the mayor, juftice, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate of the town cor-who is to con- porate, wherein fuch offence was committed ; and the faid juf-vi6t them on tice, mayor, or other chief magiftrate, is hereby authorized and S re^u^rec^> on the oath of fuch conftable, petty conftable, tything-*	man, or other peace officer, to convict the offender in manner

and if they are and form herein after directed : and in cafe any fuchperfon fo pro-mTtbntJbe1** ^anety fweai“ing or curfing, in the prefence or hearing of any fuch conftable, petty conftable, tythingman, or other peace officer, (hall be known to any of them, every fuch conftable, petty conftable, tythingman, or other peace officer, fhall and is hereby required fpeedily to make information before fome juftice of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or liberty, mayor, juftice, bailiff, or chief magiftrate of any town corporate, as aforefaid, in order that the offender or offenders may be by fuch juftice, mayor, bailiff, or chief magiftrate convicted thereof, and puniftied for the fame, in manner and form as in and by this a<t is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch juftice. of the peace, mayor, or other chief magiftrate the offen" as a^ore^ai<^5 fhall immediately upon information given upon der to appear^ oath °f anY fuch conftable, petty conftable, tythingman, or other &c.	peace officer, or of any other perfon whatfoever, caufe the of-

fender or offenders to appear before him; and upon fuch information being proved as aforefaid, convict fuch offender or of-Penalty to be fenders in fuch manner as in and by this act is prefcribed.- And paid, or fecu- jn cafe fuch0ffender or offenders fhall not immediately pay down nty given, t^e refpe<tive fum fo forfeited, or give fecurity to the fatisfac-tion of fuch juftice, mayor, or other chief magiftrate, before whom fuch conviction is made, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice, mayor, or other chief magiftrate, to commit the committed for offender to the houfe of correction for the county, riding, di-i° days to the viffon, liberty, city, or town corporate, where fuch offence fhall region C°r" be committed, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, for the fpace of ten days.

Common fol- V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority diers and fail- aforefaid, That in cafe any common foldier belonging to any ors,	regiment in his Majefty’s fervice, or any common failor or

common feaman belonging to any fhip or veffel, fhall be convicted of profane curfing or fwearing as aforefaid, and fhall not notpayingthe immediately pay down the penalty by him forfeited, or give fe-pcnalty, &c. curity for the fame as aforefaid, and alfo the coft of the information, fummons, and conviction, as in and by this act is directed, every fuch common foldier, common failor or common feaman, inftead of being commited to the houfe of correction, as by this act is directed, fhall, by the faid juftice, mayor, bailiff, other head officer, be ordered to be publickly fet in the ftocks for the fpace of one hour, for every fingle offence ; and for any number of offences, whereof he fhall be convicted at one and the fame time, two hours.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That

if

or the offender to be

to be fet in flocks.

Juftices, &c.

Hosted by Google

1746-1 Anno declmo nono Georgii IL c. 2 f •	447

if any juftice of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, or not doing liberty, mayor, juftice, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate of any their dut/> town corporate, fhall wilfully and wittingly omit the performance of his duty, in the execution of this a <t, he fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of five pounds; one moiety thereof to the ufe forfeit 5 U of the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the poor of the parifh wherein fuch juftice, mayor, or other chief magiftrate fhall refide; to be recovered by action, fuit, bill, or plaint, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter; wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, fhall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Conftables,

if any conftable, petty conftable, tythingman, or other peace not doing officer, fhall wilfully and wittingly omit the performance of his tiieir duty in the execution of this act, and be thereof convicted by the oath of one witnefs, before any juftice of the peace for any county, riding, divifion, or liberty, or before the mayor, juftice, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate of any town corporate, every fuch conftable, petty conftable, tythingman, or other peace officer fo offending, fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of forty fhill- forfeit 40 s. ings; to be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, mayor, or other chief magiftrate, and to be difpofed of, one moiety thereof to the ufe of the informer, and the other moiety to the ufe of the poor of the pari (h where fuch offence fhall be committed ; and in cafe fuch an(j for want offender fhall not have fufficient goods and chattels, whereon of diftrefs, to to levy the faid penalty, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch be committed juftice, mayor, or other magiftrate, to commit fuch offender to ^tbe^houfe the houfe of correction for the county, riding, divifion, liberty, 0f correction, city, or place, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, for the fpace of one month.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every juftice of the peace for any county, riding, divifion, or liberty, and all and every mayor, juftice, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate of any town corporate, before whom any perfon or perfons fhall be convicted of profane fwearing orcurf-ing, fhall caufe the conviction to be drawn up in the words and form following.

Middlefex,T> E it remembered, that on the	day	Form of con-

To wit. -D of	in the	year of his victionj

Majefly's reign, A. B. was convicted before me (one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or liberty aforefaid ; or before me mayor, juftice, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate of the city or town of	within	the	county of

, as the cafe fhall be) of fwearing one or more profane oath or oaths, or ofcurfing one or more profane curfe or curfes, as the cafe fhall be.

Given under my hand and feal the day and year aforefaid.

Which

Hosted by Google

44-8

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 21.	[174(5.

Which faid form and conviction fhall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majefty’s court of King’s Bench, but fhall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and pur-to be wrote on pofes whatfoever; and the faid juftice, mayor, bailiff, or other parchment, ^ chief magiftrate, before whom fuch conviction fhall be made, fhall caufe the fame to be fairly wrote over upon parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter feflions of the peace for the county wherein fuch conviction was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept amongft the records of the faid county.

IX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That to put this a6t all and every juftice of the peace for any county, riding, divi-in execution fion? or liberty, and every mayor, juftice, bailiff, or other chief

and returned to the next feflions.

Juftices, &c.

nately.

of.

Offenders to pay all charges over and above the penalties.

magiftrate of any city or town corporate, may, and they are hereby authorized and required to put this aCt in execution a-gainft any perfon or perlons within their feveral jurisdictions, although fuch juftice, mayor, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate fhall be rated and pay to the relief of the poor of any parifh, town, or place, where any offence, contrary to the true intent and meaning, of this act, fhall be committed ; any law or fta-tute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Penalties how X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That to be difpofed all and every penalty or penalties inflicted by this act, upon any perfon or perfons for profane curfing and fwearing, fhall be difpofed of for the benefit of the poor of the parifh wherein fuch offence was committed ; and that all charges of the information and conviction of any fuch offender fhall be borne and paid by the party offending, if able, over and above the penalties in-fliCfed by this aCl, which charges fhall be fettled and afeertain.d by the juftice of peace, mayor, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate, before whom fuch conviction (hall be made. And in cafe fuch party fhall not be able, or (hall not immediately pay the faid charges and expences, or give fecurity for the fame to the fatisfaction of fuch juftice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate, it (hall and may be lawful for the juftice, mayor, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate, before whom fuch information and convidlion fhall be made, to commit fuch offender to the houfe of correction as aforefaid, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, for the fpace of fix days, over and above fuch time for which fuch offender may be committed in default of payment of the penalties inflicted by this act; and in fuch cafe no charges of information and conviction fhall be paid by any perfon whatfoever.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any action or fuit fhall be commenced or brought againfi any juftice of the peace, conftable, or other officer or perfon whatfoever, for doing, or caufing to be done, any thing in purfuance of this a<t, concerning the faid offences, the defendant in that action may plead _	.	the	general	iffue,	and	give	the	fpecial	matter	in	evidence; and

enera i ue, jf Up0n fuch a<tion, verdict be given for the defendant, or the

plaintiff

or be commit ted to the houfe of correction for 6 days extraordinary.

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo nonoGEORGil II. c. 22.

449

plaintiff become nonfuit, or difcontinue his adtion, then the defendant fhall have treble cofts.	Treble cofts.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted, That no Proof, See. to perfon fhall be profecuted or troubled for any offence againft be made with* this ftatute, herein before or herein after mentioned, unlefs thein 8 da>?s# fame be proved or profecuted within eight days next after the

offence committed.

XIII.	And it is further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Adt to be read That this adt (hall be publickly read four feveral times in the quarterly in year, in all parifh churches and publick chapels, by the parfon churches, vicar, or curate of the refpedtive parilhes or chapels, immedi- c*

ately after morning or evening prayer, on four feveral Sundays (that is to fay) the Sunday next after the twenty fifth day of March, twenty fourth day of June, twenty ninth day of September , and twenty fifth day of December, in every year ; or in cafe divine fervice fhall not be performed in any fuch church or chapel on any of the Sundays before mentioned, then upon the firft Sunday after any of the faid quarterly days on which divine fervice fhall happen to be performed in any fuch church or chapel, under the pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds for Penalty of 5 I, every fuch omiffion or negledt; to be levied by diftrefs and fale^or negledh of the offender’s goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and feal of any one juftice, mayor, bailiff, or other chief magiftrate, as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Fee of 1 s. to That the clerk of the juftice, mayor, bailiff, or other chief of-the juftice’s ficer, before whom proceedings upon this adt (hall be had, fhall &c- clerk, and may receive and take for the information, fummons, and convidtion of every offender againft this adt, the fum of one

fhilling, and no more.

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, 2Ijac. Jm c>20# That from and after the faid firft day of June, one thoufand and 6 Sc 7 feven hundred and forty fix, an adt made in the twenty firft 3* c> year of the reign of King James the Firft, intituled, An aft ^repealed. prevent and reform profane curfmg and fwcaring ; and alfo an a61

made in the fixth and feventh years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aft for the more effectual J'uppreffing profane curfmg and fiuearing, fhall be and are hereby repealed.

An aft for the better prefervation of havens, roads, channels, and navigable rivers, within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS majlers and owners of and other perfons belonging to fldps, crayers, or other vejfels coming into havens, ports, roads, channels, or navigable rivers, within that part of Great Britain called England, do caft, throw out, and unlade their ballajl, either on the floors, or on the fide, and below the ufual full fea mark, and frequently do other annoyances, to the detriment and obfniftion of navigation, and the offenders often go unpunifbed, for

CAP. XXII.

Vol« XVlIL

want

Hosted by

Google

Matters, &c. throwing out ballait, &c.

out of any fhip, See. in harbour, &c.

but upon dry land only, juftices may iflue warrants,

and upon proof, See,

fine them not more than 51 nor lets than 5os,

Penalties how recoverable.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c.22.	[1746*

want of a further and more fpeedy method of bringing them to juftice : for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadled ; and be* it. enabled by the King’s , moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That if at any time, from and after the firft day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, any mafter or owner, or any perfon adting as mafter of any (hip, pink, crayer, lighter, keil-boat, or other veflel whatsoever, (hall caft, throw out, or unlade; or if at any time, from and after the day aforefaid, there (hall be caft, thrown out, or unladen from and out of any fhip, pink, crayer, lighter, keil-boat, or other veflel whatfoever, being or riding within any haven, port, road, channel, or navigable river, within that part of Great Britain called England, any ballaft, rubbifh, gravel, earth, ftone, wreck, or filth, but only upon the land where the tide or water never flows or runs; it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, city, town corporate, liberty, or place, where or near which fuch offence (hall be committed, upon information thereof, and he and they are hereby authorized and rerequired, to fummon, or iflue out his or their warrant or warrants, to apprehend and bring before him or them the mafter or maftersj owner or owners of any fuch (hip, pink, crayer, lighter, keil-boat, or other veflel, or other perfon or perfons adling as fuch, againft whom fuch complaint or information (hall be made or given; and upon his, her, or their appearance or default, to proceed to examine the matter of fadf, and upon due proof made (either by the confeflion of the party offending, or on view of fuch juftice or juftices, or upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, which oaths the faid juftices are hereby impowered and required to ad-minifter) that any ballaft, rubbifh, earth, gravel, ftone, wreck, or filth, had been caft, unladen, or thrown out of, or from any (hip, pink, crayer, lighter, keil-boat, or other veflel, the mafter or mafters, or perfon or perfons adting as mafter or mailers thereof, (hall be adjudged, and he and they are hereby re-fpedtively declared to be the offenders againft this adt; and he and they being by fuch juftice or juftices (or any of the ways or means aforefaid) thereof convicted, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence any fum, not exceeding the fum of five pounds, nor under fifty (hillings, at the diferetion of fuch juftice or juftices, the one moiety thereof to the informer, and the o-ther moiety thereof to the overfeers of the poor of the parifh, town, or place wherein fuch convidtion (hall be pronounced, for the ufe of the poor there.

II. And be it further enadted, That the penalties inflidled or incurred by this adl, (ball be recovered and levied by diftrefs and fale either of the goods and chatties of the perfons fo con-vidted refpedtively as aforefaid, or of the fhip, pink, crayer, lighter, keil-boat, or other veflel, or of.their tackle, apparel,

or

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 22.	451

or furniture (by warrant or warrants under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices, and which he and they are hereby impowered and required, on fuch convidion as. aforefaid to make, and to dired the fame to the conftables, or to the tythingman, or other proper officer of the parifh, town, or place where fuch warrants are refpedively to be executed ; and which warrants the conftables and tythingmen, and officers aforefaid, are hereby refpedively required to execute) together with the charges of fuch diftrels and fale, rendering the overplus (if any be, after demand in writing) to the refpedive For want of owners thereof; and for want of fufficient diftrels, the faid ju- dillrefs, to b* ftice or juftices are hereby impowered and required to commit committed, fuch mafter or mafters, or perfon or perfons ading as fuch, and	t

fo convided as aforefaid, to the common gaol of the county, city, town corporate, or to the houfe of correction of the county where the offenders (hall be refpedively convided as aforefaid, there to remain for the fpace of two months, or until payment fhall be made of the penalties and forfeitures, or fo much there* of, as for the nonpayment of which fuch commitment fhall be.

III. And whereas it frequently happens, that Jbips and vejfels are s’lllP funk or run oh Jhore, funk, or franded in harbours, ports, channels, and navigable rivers, or are brought or drove into the fame in a ruinous or Jhattered condition, and the ozvner, or fome other perfon having, or pretending to have the command or povoer of fuch flrip or veffel, fre- . quently Jhip off or take away the riggings tackle, and other valuable parts thereof and permit the hulk to fink in the fand, in fuch harbours and places as aforefaid, and there to remain ; and great damages often happen thereby, not only by other Jhips and vejfels flicking or running thereon, but by filling up the channel in fuch harbours and places, fo as to render the fame impracticable, or very difficult or dangerous for navigation, before the fame can be removed by any of the laius now in being: now, for the more effectually remedying fuch mifchiefs for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That as foon as any fhip or veffel fhall, after the faid firft day of June, be funk, ftranded, or run on fhore in any harbour, port, channel, or navigable river, or fhall be brought or drove in an harbour* in, or be there in a ruinous or (battered condition as aforefaid, and Permitted and permitted to remain there, and the owner or fome other perfon having, or pretending to have any property therein, or the command or power thereof, or any other perfon or perfons by their or any of their order, privity, or affent, fhall begin to take down, or carry away any of the rigging or tackle, or if there fhall not be any perfon to take care of the faid (hip or vef- Juftjces t0 fel, it (hall be lawful for any one or more juftice or juftices of o^vner0^^& the peace for the county or place where or near fuch fad*, acci- , dent, or offence (hall happen, upon information thereof, and he and they are hereby authorized and required, to fummon, or iffue out his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend and bring before him or them the owner, or other perfon having, or pretending to have the command or power over fuch (hip or veffel ; and upon his or their appearance, or default, to proceed to exa-

Hosted by Google

to make fale of the fame.

452	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii	II. c.22.	[1746.

mine the matter of fadl, in manner and form aforefaid ; and in and upon cron-cafe, upon fuch examination, fuch juftice or juftices (hall find fue warrants" anY owner> or other perfon having, or pretending to have the for feizing command or power over fuch fhip or veffel, or any of the per-and removing fons aforefaid, guilty of fuch offence as aforefaid, fuch juftice or the flnp and juftices fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required to iffue tackle,	ifis an(j their warrant or warrants for feizing and removing fuch

(hip or veffel, and alfo the rigging or tackle thereof, in fuch and unlefs the manner as fuch juftice or juftices (hall order and direCl; and if fecuritywith- t^ie owner> or fuch other perfon aforefaid, fhall not within five in 5 days, days give fecurity, according to the approbation of fuch juftice or juftices, to clear the harbour, port, channel, or river of fuch veffel, and of all wreck, and parts belonging to the fame, and pay the charges and expences of feizing, removing, and dilpofing of fuch fhip or veffel, tackle or furniture, then to caufe the hulk, rigging, or tackle to be fold, and with or out of the money arifing by fuch fale, to pay the charges and expences of clearing the harbour or place where fuch fhip or veffel fhall lie ; and alfo the charges and expences of feizing, removing, and felling fuch (hip, veffel, furniture, and tackle, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners of fuch manor where the fame fhall happen.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the juftices aforefaid may, and they are hereby refpedlively authorized and required to put this adljn execution againft any perfon or perfons within their feveral jurif-didlions, although fuch juftice or juftices lhall or may be rated or affeffed, or do, or fhall, or may adlually pay for or towards the maintenance or relief of the poor of any parifti, town, or place, in which any convidlion in purfuance of this adl (hall be pronounced ; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwith-(landing.

V.	And be it alfo enadled. That all convictions, to be pronounced by the authority of this act, fhall be final to all intents and purpofes, not to be appealed from, or removed into any court of record at Wefiminjier.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled. That none of the diftreffes to be at any time made by virtue of this adt, or any part of fuch diftreffes, (hall be fold till after the expiration of five days from the day of making fuch diftreffes re-(pedtively; but that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the perfons convidted in the mean while (to wit, at any time before the expiration of the faid five days) to redeem fuch did refs, by payment of the money for which the fame (hall have been made by virtue hereof, to and for the ufes and purpofes of this adt, together with the cofts and charges of and for making, feizing, and detaining fuch diftrefs.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this act contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to take away, abridge, diminifh, or alter any right, benefit, or lawful ufe, that the lord or lords, lady or ladies of any manor or manors

adjoin-

Juftices to execute this a&mdifcrimi-nately.

Convictions to be final.

Diftrefs not to be fold till after 5 days.

Limitation of the powers of this adt.

Hosted by Google

455

1746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. C. 23.

adjoining to or bordering upon any haven, port, road, channel, or river, or that any other perfon or perfons whatfoever hath or have to fuch haven, port, channel, or river, or to the banks, fhores, or (ides thereof, or any filhery, manufactures, or royalties therein; nor extend to the carting out, unlading, or throwing out of any (hip, pink, crayer, lighter, keil-boat, or other veffel, any rtone, rocks, bricks, lime, or other materials, ufed, or to be ufed, in or towards the building, a-mending, repairing, and keeping in repair, any quay, pier, wharf, wear, or bridge, or the banks or Tides of any haven, port, road, channel, or navigable river within this realm; but, on the contrary, this a6t (hall be conftrued and taken to prevent the mifchiefs to be done in, or to, or upon the faid havens, ports, roads, channels, or rivers, which may any ways tend to obftruCt, prejudice, incommode, hinder, or do any annoyance in the faid havens, ports, roads, channels, or rivers, or prejudice the navigation therein, and not otherwife.

VIII.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained fhall extend to take away, abridge, diminifh, or limit any former or other jurifdi&ion, or right, or remedy, to punifh any nufance to be done or committed in any haven, port, road, channel, or navigable river.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft to continue two afts of parliament; one for encouraging the growth of coffee, in his Majefiy's plantations in America, and the other for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefifs fugar colonies in A-merica.

WHEREAS an aft paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his qc0 % c prefent Majefiy, intituled, An acrt for encouraging the 5 growth of coffee in his Majefty’s plantations in America; and to continue and be in force from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty fine, to the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty tiine, and from thence to the end of the then next fiffton of parliament: and whereas another aft paffed in the fixth year of the reign of his faid prefent Majefiy, intituled, An act for the better fecuring and encourag- ^Qeo 2 c ing the trade of his Majerty’s fugar colonies in America, to con-	°'** * *

tinue and be in force for the term offive years, to be computed from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty three, and to the end of the then next Jeffion of parliament: and zvhereas by another aft paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of his 11 Geo. 2. faid prefent Majefiy, the feveral terms granted by the two before Ct l8‘ mentioned afts ivere enlarged and continued from the expiration of the faid terms, for the further term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament: and jorafrnuch as the faid recited afts have, by experience, been found beneficial, and are fit to be further continued; be it therefore enacled by the King’s inoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of

G g 3	the

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. 0.24,25.	[1746.

The recited aft* continued for 7 years. Farther continued by 2,6 Geo. %, c. 32.

the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the before mentioned a<fts,and each of them, and all the powers and claufes therein contained, fhall be, and are hereby continued to be in full force and etfecft from and after the expiration of the refpeftive terms, by the faid acfts leverally granted, enlarged, and continued, for and during the further term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft to impower Lora Pitt, widow, to ereft a bridge or bridges over the river Froome 5 and to make a caufeway to the ealt end of the town of Dorcheiler, over Forthington moor in the county of Dorfet.

CAP. XXV.

An aul for calling any fufpebled per [on or per Jons, whofe e-fates or principal residence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it fall be judged expedient, to find bail for their good behaviour. EXP.

The King’s advocate, See in Scotland,

H E R E A S a ivicked and unnatural rebellion againft his Majefiy, hath been raified and carried on within that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and whereas, at this juncture, it is necefary for the pnblick fafety, and for the fafety of every particular fubjeft, to prevent their being feduced to rebellious, feditious, and unlawful practices againft his Majefiy* s facred p erf on, government, and the laws, and that by fiuch methods as may be mofi eafiy to the fubjefts; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the fifteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and upon warrant forty fix, and until the twentieth day of November following, the or lign ma- _ King’s advocate, or his deputy of Scotland, may and fhall, upon MV ell °r U t o'1S a vvarrant under his Majefty’s hand, or lign manual, apply to the apply for let- Erds judice general, judice clerk, and commiffioners of judici-ters.	ary in Scotland, craving that letters may be iflued ; and upon

Lord ju(lice production of fuch warrant, the faid lords juftice general, juftice fodl'u^'letter^	an(l	commiffioners of judiciary, or a Quorum of them, are

1 v	hereby authorized and required to caufe letters to be iffued in

his Majefty’s name, and at the indance of his advocate, or his deputy in Scotland, for his highnefs’s intered, in common form, commanding and charging fuch perfon or perfons, having their edates or ordinary refidence within Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or any other place or places in Scotland, before the faid court of judiciary, then and there to find diffident bail for the loyal and peaceable behaviour of every fuch perfon or perfons, Letters to con an<^ to aPPear when an^ where the faid court fliall direeft ; and tain a warrant the foid letters are to contain a warrant for citing of the faid per-for citing, as fon or perfons, being within Scotland, perfonaliy, or at their in eales where dwelling-houfes, or at the diferetioa pf the faid court, upon

caufe

Hosted by Google

1746-] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 26.	455

caufe (hewn, to cite in the fame manner as by the law of Scot- there is no land, where there is no Tutus AcceJJus, is directed upon fifteen ^ulus Accejfus, free days, or not being within Scotland upon fixty days, according to the forms ufed for citing perfons who are abfent out of

Scotland.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons ap-upon the appearance of the perfon or perfons fummoned, pur- pearing, to fuant to the letters aforefaid, it fhall be Jawful for the faid court, to require fuch perfon or perfons to find fufficient bail, in fuch fum, as they in their difcretion (hall think fit, not exceeding the fum of one thoufand pounds fterling, for the loyal and peaceable behaviour of every fuch perfon or perfons, arid to appear at fuch place as the faid court (hall appoint, at any time within the fpace of fix calendar months from the date of fuch bail; and every fuch perfon refufing or neglecting to give fuch bail, fhall by the court be committed to prifon for the fpace of fix months, or until fuch bail fhall be found; ahd every perfon being guilty pena]t r 0f dif\ of wilful difobedience, in not appearing purfuant to fuch fum- obedience, mons, fhall incur the penalty of fingle and life rent efcheat, to , to be brought in for his Majefty’s ufe, and (hall be further fined in the fum of five hundred pounds fterling, and be liable to one year’s imprifonment.

CAP. XXVI.

An att to attaint Alexander earl of Kellie, William vij'count of Strathallan, Alexander lord Pitfligo, David Wemyfs efquire, commonly called lord Elcho, eldejt fon and heir apparent of James earl of Wemyfs; James Drummond efquire, eldejt fon and heir apparent of William vifcount of Strathallan ; Simon Frafer efquire, eldejt fon and heir apparent of Simon lord Lovat; George Murray efquire, commonly called lord George Murray, brother to James duke of Athol; Lewis Gordon efquire, commonly called lord Lewis Gordon, brother to Cofmo George duke of Gordon ; James Drummond, taking upon kimfelf the title of duke of Perth; James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himfelf the title of vifcount ^/Dundee *, John Nairn, taking upon himfelf the title or Jtile of lord Nairn ; David Ogilvie, taking upon himfelf the title of lord Ogilvie;

John Drummond, taking upon himfelf the Jtile or title of lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, taking on himfelf the title of duke of Perth ; Robert Mer^ cer efquire, other wife Nairn, of Aldie; Sir William Gor^ don of Park; John Murray of Broughton, efquire;

John Gordon the elder, 0/Glenbuckett; Ponald Cameron the younger, 0/Lochiel; doblor Archibald Cameron, brother to Donald Cameron the younger <?/Lochiel ; Lu-G g 4	dovick

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 26. f 1746.

dovick Cameron of Tor Caftle, Alexander Cameron of Dungallon, Donald Mac Donald of Clanronald,y#w0r, Jon to Rhonald Mac Donald of Clanronald ; Donald Mac Donald of Lochgarie, Alexander Mac Donald of Keppoch, Archibald Mac Donald,of Col Mac Donald of Barifdale ; Alexander Mac Donald of Glencoe, Evan Mac Pherfon fl/'Clunie, Lauchlan Mac Lauchlan of Caftle Lauchlan, John Mac Kinnon of Mac Kinnon, Charles Stewart of Ardfheil, George Lockhart, eldeft fon and heir apparent of George Lockhart of Carnwath ; Lawrence Oliphant the elder, of Gaik ; Lawrence Gliphant the younger of Gaik *, James Graham the younger, of Airth *, John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stewart; Francis Farquharfon of Mon-alterye Alexander Mac Gilivrae of Drumaglafh, Lauchlan Mac linfolh, merchant at Invernefs; Malcolm Rofs, fon of Alexander Rofs of Pitcalny *, Alexander Mac Leod, fon to majler John Mac Leod advocate •, John Hay portioner of Reftalrig, writer to the fignet; Andrew Lumfdale, otherwife Lumfdain fon to William Lumfdale, otherwife Lumfdain, writer in Edinburgh ; and William Fidler, clerk in the auditor's office in the exchequer of Scotland ; of high treafon, if they fhall not render themfelves to one of his Majejlys jujlices of the peace^ on or before the twelfth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, and fubmit to juftice.

WHEREAS Alexander earl of Kellie, William vifcount of Strathallan, Alexander lord Pitlligo, David Wemyfs efquire, commonly called lord Elcho, eldeft fon and heir apparent of James earl of Wemyfs ; James Drummond efquire, eldejl fon a?id heir apparent of William vifcount of Strathallan; Simon Frafer efquire, eldeft fon and heir apparent of Simon lord Lovat; George Murray efquire, commonly called lord George Murray, brother to James duke of Athol; Lewis Gordon efquire, commonly called lord Lewis Gordon, brother to Cofmo George duke of Gordon ; James Drummond, taking upon himfelf the title of duke of Perth ; James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himfelf the title of vifcount 0/Dundee; John Nairn, taking upon himfelf the title or file of lord Nairn ; David Ogilvie, taking upon himfelf the title of lord Ogilvie; John Drummond, taking upon himfelf the file or title of lord John Drummond, brother to James Drum-mend, taking on himfelf the title of duke ^/'Perth ; Robert Mercer efquire, otherwife Nairn, of Aldie ; Sir William Gordon tf/Tark, John Murray 0/Broughton, efquire ; John Gordon the elder of Glenbuckett; Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; doftor

Archi-

Hosted by Google

174-60 Anno decimo nono Georgii II. C.27.

Archibald Cameron, brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel ; Ludovick Cameron of Tor Caftle, Alexander Cameron of Dungallon, Donald Mac Donald of Clanronald, junior^ [on to Rhonald Mac Donald of Clanronald ; Donald Mac Donald of Lochgarie, Alexander Mac Donald ^Keppoch, Archibald Mac Donald,/?// ofQo\ Mac Donald 0/Barifdale, Alexander Mac Donald of Glencoe, Evan Mac Pherfon of Clunie, Lauchlan Mac Lauchlan ^Cattle Lauchlan, John Mac Kinnon of Mac Kinnon, Charles Stewart of Ardfheil, George Lockhart, eldefi fon and heir apparent of George Lockhart of Carnwath ; Lawrence Oliphant the elder, of Gafk; Lawrence Oliphant the younger, of Gafk ; James Graham the younger, of Airth ; John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stewart; Francis Farquhar-fon of Monalterye, Alexander Mac Gilivrae of Drumaglafh, Lanchlan Mac In toft), merchant at Invernefs ; Malcolm Rofs, fon of Alexander Rofs of Pitcalny; Alexander Mac Leod, fon to Mafler John Mac Leod, advocate; John Hay portioner of Reftal-rig, writer to the ftgnet; Andrew Lumfdale, otheruuife Lumfdain, fon to William Lumfdale, otherwife Lumfdain, writer in Edinburgh, and William Fidler, clerk in the auditor’s office in the ex-chequer of Scotland ; on or before the eighteenth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, did, in a traiterous and hoftile manner, take up arms, and levy ivar againfi his prefent moji gracious Majefty, within this realm, contrary to the duty of their allegiance, and are fled to avoid their being apprehended and profecuted according to law,for their faid offences; be it therefore enaCted, &c.

The perfons named, who (hall not furrender themfelves before 12 July, 1746, to be attainted of high treafon, Jultices to commit the perfons furrendering, till difcharged by law; and to give notice to one of the fecre-iaries of ft ate.

CAP. XXVII.

An att for the more effectual fecuring the duties now payable on foreign made fail cloth imported into this kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made fails with a duty ; and for explaining a doubt concerning fhips being obliged at their jirft fetting out to fea, to be furntfhed with one compleat fet of fails made of Britilh fail cloth.

WHEREAS by an aft made andpoffed in the ninth year of the Geo ^ reign of his prefent Msjefiy, intituled, An aCt for further 9	°*2,

encouraging and regulating the manufacture of Britijh fail cloth ; and for the more effectual fecuring the duties now payable on foreign fail cloth imported into this kingdom ; and which by an aft made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefly, was continued 13 Geo. to the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred c* and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament ; it zvas enabled, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty fix, all foreign-made 2	fail

Hosted by Google

458	Anno decimo nono GeoRGH II. c. 27.	[1746.

fail cloth or canvas, ufually entered as Hollands Duck, or Vitry Canvas, which Jhould be fit and proper to be made ufe of for the making of ffils, for navigating Jhips or veffiels, and which Jhould be imported into Great Britain by ivay of merchandize, and for which any duties had been granted, or were made payable, or ought to be paid to his Majefly, Jhould be Jlamped at the time of landing thereof , at or in the port or place where the fame Jhould be imported or landed; and that the commijfioners of thecuftoms of Great Britain Jhould provide , or caufe to be provided, and to be diftributed to the proper officers of the cufioms of the ports where fuch foreign-made fail cloth or canvas Jhould be imported, a fufficient number of fiamps, with which the faid officers were thereby required to fitarnp every Juch piece or parcel of foreign-made fail cloth or canvas; and ivhicb ft amps Jhould ex-prefs or denote the place or country from ivhence the fame Jail cloth or cativas was imported; and the faid commiftoners vaere thereby required to take care that the faid Jtamps Jhould be fo contrived, that the impreffion thereof might be durable, and fo as the fame might be the leaf liable to be counterfeited; and divers penalties and forfeitures were by the faid aft directed to be levied and infliftedy in order to prevent the counterfeiting of fuch fiamps, and felling foreign-made fail cloth or canvas with counterfeit Jlamps, and the working up the fame unflamped, in fuch manner as is therein mentioned: and whereas hot only great numbers of fales made up in foreign parts, made of foreign canvas, are ufed by majlers of Jhips and veffiels for navigating fuch Jlnps and veffiels into this kingdom, but alfo great quantities of foreign-made fail cloth and canvas, fit for making fails, are imported into, and made and wrought up into fails in this kingdom^ without paying the duly, or being Jlamped as by the former laws is dire ft ed, to the great prejudice of his Majefys fubjefts, and the diminution of the publick revenue ; for the remedying and preventing whereof for the future, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thou-Mafters of fand feven hundred and forty fix, every matter of any {hip or fhipsto make veffel belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjedts, navigated with entry upon any foreign-made fail or fails, or who fnall have any foreign reign°inade °~ made fail or fads on board his (hip or veffel, {hall, at the time of fails on board j making his entry or report of fuch fhip or vsffeJ at the cuftom-houfe where fuch {hip or veffel {hall be entered, alfo makean entry and report upon oath, of all and every foreign-made fail and fails ufed in, or being on board every fuch fhip or veffel ; and the matter of fuch {hip or veffel (hall, before fuch fhip or veffel {hall be cleared by the officers of the cuttoms inwards, where fuch fhip or veffel makes any difcharge of her lading, pay to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the like and the fame duties as are charged upon, and made payable by an adtof the twelfth 12 Annse, It i*year Gf the reign of her late majetty Queen Anne, intituled, An c' 16*	aft for the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great

Britain, for all foreign-made fails imported by way of merchandise,

IL And

and before clearing, pay the duties charged by

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii IT. c. 27.	459

II.	And it is hereby farther enadled, That every fuch fail Sails to be fhall be damped at the port or place where fuch fhip or veffel^]^eo£entr6 (hall make her entry as aforefaid, in manner herein after men- on rfon-en-tioned ; and in cafe the mafter of fuch fhip or veffel (ha 11 not try, See. the make fuch entry and pay the faid duty, before the (hip or veffel fails to befior-fhall be cleared by the officers of the cuftoms inwards, all and feit£di every fuch fail and fails (hall be forfeited to his Majefty, his

heirs and fucceffors ; and fuch mafter (hall for every fuch offence alfo forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, which faid fum of fif- The mafter to ty pounds (hall be applied, one moiety thereof to the ufe of hisy forfeit 50I. Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, Maftersnot That if the mafter of fuch (hip or veffel (hall, after his report and choofmg to entry made, and before the fhip or veffel is cleared by the offi- Pay ttie duty* cers of the cuftoms inwards, declared his intention of not choof-

ing to pay the faid duty, and (hall deliver to the officers of theand delivering cuftoms of the port or place where he makes fuch entry and re- fails *he port as aforefaid, fuch fail or fails for which he has declared his p0r^r ° * Q intention of not paying the faid duty ; that then, and in fuch the fails to be cafe, fuch fail and fails is and are hereby declared to be forfeited forfeited, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and fuch mafter (hall not be fubjedt or liable to pay the faid duty or penalty of fifty pounds ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted and Sails brought declared, That nothing herein contained (hall be deemed, con- from the £aft ftrued, adjudged, or taken to charge or make liable any captain Indjes> ex-or mafter of any (hip or veffel coming from the Eaji Indies, with

any of the duties or forfeitures aforefaid, for or upon account of fuch fhip or veffel being navigated with, or having on board any foreign made fail or fails, which (hall be by fuch captain or mafter, bona fide, brought from the Eafi Indies\; any thing in this a61 to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from Foreign-made and after the twenty fourth day of June^ one thoufand feven fail cloth im-hundred and forty fix, all foreign-made fail cloth or canvas, Ported> ufually entered as Hollands Ducks, or Vitry Canvas, fit and proper to be made ufe of for the making of fails for navigating of

fhips or veffels, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, by

way of merchandize, and upon the importation whereof any

duties have been granted, or are made payable, or which ought

to be paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, fhall be

damped at the time of landing thereof, at or in the port or to ftamPe4

place where the fame fhall be imported or landed, as hereafter thereof^ ^

mentioned.

VI.	And whereas the fiampsnow ufed at the cuflom-houfe, in pur-fuance of the faid former are of too fmall dimenfons, and as the fame are now ufed and applied, make a very obfeure mark and impreffort, and which is liable to be foon defaced, and become undifiinguijh« pbk) it is therefore further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That

Hosted by Google

460

Stamps of 8 inches diame-

Stamps to be dipped in red lead and oil

entry of the fail doth.

Forging the ftamps, &c.

Anno dccimo nono GeoRGII II. c.27.1	[1746.

That the commiffioners of the cuftoins of Great Britain fhall, on or before the (aid twenty fourth day of June, provide or ter to be made. caufe to be provided, fuch and fo many ftamps of eight inches diameter each, as thall be fufficient for that purpofe, for the ftamping of all foreign-made fails, and foreign-made fail cloth or canvas, and fhall for that purpolb caufe a proper number of the faid ftamps to be fent to, and diftributed amongft the ref-pedtive proper officers of the cuftoms of all and every the port and ports within the kingdom of Great Britain; and the officers of every fueh port are hereby enjoined and required to ftamp all fuch foreign-made fails, and foreign-made fail cloth or canvas, which fhall be imported and entered at the feveral ports where they refpedfively refide; and which faid ftamps fhall, in order to make the impreffion durable, be dipped in a liquor made of red lead well mixed with linfeed oil well boiled ; and the faid ftamp and to denote or impreffion therewith to be made, fhall exprefs and denote the place of t}ie place and port in which fuch fails, and foreign-made fail cloth or canvas are entered ; and the faid commiffioners, in providing the faid ftamps for the purpofcs aforefaid, fhall take care that they be fo contrived, that the impreffion thereof may be plain and durable, fo as the fame may be leaft liable to be forged or counterfeited ; and if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall, at any time or times fiom and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, counterfeit or forge any ftamp, which fhall be provided or made in purfuance of this a6t for the purpofes aforefaid, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame, upon any of the faid foreign-made fail cloth or canvas, or foreign-made fails, chargeable with any duty by virtue of this a<5t, or of any former a<5t or a6ts of parliament made in that behalf; or fhall fell fuch fail cloth or canvas with fuch counterfeit or forged ftamps, knowing the fame to be counterfeited or forged, thereby to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the duties thereby and hereby granted ; then every fuch perfon fo offending, and duly convicfted thereof, fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, no mafter fail-maker, journeyman fail-maker, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, within Great Britain, and from and after the twenty ninth day Foreign-made of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, no mafter fail-maker, journeyman fail-maker, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, in his Majefty’s plantations in America, fhall make or work up into fails or tarpawlins, or caufe to be made or worked up into fails or tarpawlins,.any foreign-made fail cloth or canvas not ftamped according to this a<5t; and in cafe any mafter or journeyman fail-maker, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, fhall make or work up, or caufe to be made or worked up, into fails or tarpawlins, any foreign fail cloth or canvas, other than as aforefaid, fuch fails and tarpawlins fhall be forfeited, and every fuch mafter or journeyman fail-maker,

or

to forfeit 50I.

fail doth made up un-ftamped.

to be forfeited ; and ibe tail- maker,

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno dedmo nono Georgii II; c. 27.	461

or fuch other perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed upon the oath of one or more credible wit-nefs or witneffes, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town or place, where the faid offence (hall be committed (which oath fuch juftice and juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fail or t0 pay ^ tarpawlin by him or them fo made, or caufed to be made, not being ftamped as aforefaid ; which faid penalty or forfeiture of be ]evjecjt>y fifty pounds fhall be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of diftrefs $ the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of two or more juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, or place where the offence fhall be committed, and fhall go and be applied to the ufe of the informer or informers; and for want of fuch diftrefs, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices, by like warrant or warrants, to commit fuch mafter or journeyman fail-maker, or other perfon, to the gaol of the county, city, rid- or comrait. ing, divifion, town, or place where fuch offence was committed, ted tor fix there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of fix months, months, or until he pays the faid penalty of fifty pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enatfted, That every fail-maker, or other perfon who fhall make up into fails any foreign-made fail cloth or canvas, fhall place the ltamps affixed or impreffed on fuch foreign fail cloth or canvas, in the moft confpicuous part

of fuch fails (that is to fay) on the after fide of fuch fails, and Stamps to be in fuch manner, that the number of ftamps in every fail may put on the af-appear proportionably to the number of bolts or pieces contain- j;e.r ot ^ ed in the faid fail; and in cafe any fail-maker, or other perfon, ai s> 6c^' fhall make up any foreign-made fail cloth or canvas into fails, in any other manner than aforefaid, fuch fails, (hall be forfeited, and fuch fail-maker, or fuch other perfon, lhall, for every Penalty of iol. fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

IX.	And be it enadfted by the authority aforefaid, That no mafter fail-maker, journeyman fail-maker, or other perfon what-foe ver, fhall, after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand.

feven hundred and forty feven alter, repair, or mend any Foreign-made fail or fails made of foreign-made fail cloth or canvas, not fail cloth un-ftamped according to this a61; and in cafe any mafter or ftamped, not journeyman fail-maker, or other perfon, fhall alter, repair, mended, or mend any fail or fails not ftamped as aforefaid, every luchcVc* mafter and journeyman fail-maker, or other perfon, fhall, for every fail fo altered, repaired, or mended, forfeit the fum of Penalty 20L twenty pounds.

X.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, every fail-maker in Great Britain, and from and after the twenty ninth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty iix, every fail-maker in his Majefty’s plantations in America, fhall affix or imprefs, or caufe to beNew^jst0 affixed or impreffed, on every new fail by him fo made, a ftamp be ftamped

of

Hosted by Google

with the maker’s flame, &c.

under forfeiture of the (ails, and iol.

Ships new

462	Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 27; f 1746*.

of eight inches diameter, containing the name and place of abode of fuch fail-maker, in plain diftinct letters and words at length ; and which faid (lamp, in order to make the impreffion durable, fhall be dipped in a liquor made v/tth lamp black well mixed with linfeed oil well boiled, and in cafe any fail-maker, or other per-fon, fhall make any new fail or fails, and (hall deliver the fame to any captain or mafter of any fhip or veffel, not being ftampt with his name and place of abode as aforelaid, every fuch fail fhall be forfeited, and every fail-maker, or other perfon fhall, for every fail by him or them fo delivered, not Ramped as afore^ faid, forfeit the fum often pounds.

XI. And vjhereas doubts have arifen about the meaning of a claufe in the faid a£l of the ninth year of his prefent Majeftfs reign, by which fhips or vejfels are obliged\ at their firf felting out, or being firft navigated at fea, to be furnijhed with one fidl and complete Jit offails made offail cloth manufactured in Great Britain: to obviate fuch doubts tor the future, be it enacted by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one built in Great thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, every (hip or veffel which Britain or fhall be built in Great Britain, and from and after the twenty America, ninth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, every fhip or veffel which fhall be built in his Majefty’s plantations in America, fhall upon her firft fetting out, or being firft navigated, have or be furnifhed with one full and compleat fet of new fails (bona fide, belonging to fueh fhip or veffel) made on firft fetting °f fail cloth manufactured in Great Britain \ and in cafe fuch out, to be fur- fhip or veffel fhall not, on her firft fetting out, be fitted or fur-riiflied with a nifhed with a new fet of fails, properly belonging to fuch fhip fails manu- or ve^e^ made of fail cloth of the manufacture of Great Britain fadtured in as aforefaid; that then and for every fuch neglect or default, the Great Britain, mafter of fuch fhip or veffel fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds. Penalty 50I. XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-Penalties how faid. That the feveral pecuniary penalties and forfeitures herein to be recover- before impofed on perfons offending againft this act (not other-wife directed and applied) fhall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain, or in fuch of his Majefty’s plantations wherein fuch offence fhall be committed ; in which fuit no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed ; which faid forfeitures fhall be applied, one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who fhall lue for the fame.

This at to XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That this continue for act fhall continue and be in force for the term of feven years, to 7 years. commence from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand C^tU ^even hundred and forty fix, and from thence to the end of the Geo. t. c. 32. ^ien next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

ed.

and difpofed.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

174-6-] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 28

463

CAP. XXVIII.

An ablfor the better regulating of elections of members to ferve in parliament, for fuch cities and towns in that part of Great Britain called England, as are counties of themfelves.

WHEREAS by an a 61 made and paffed in the laji fejfion of par- *8 ^eo* liament, intituled, An ad to explain and amend the laws, c* 1 # touching the eledions of knights of the (hire to ferve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England, feveral good provifons ivere enabled for the better regulating the faid elections : and whereas it is reafonable, that like provifion Jhould be made for the due eleblion of members to ferve in parliament, for fuch cities and towns in that part of Great Britain called England, as are counties of themfelves, and in which perfons have a right to vote for elebling fuch members, for and in refpebl of freehold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of forty /hillings : Therefore be iten-aded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of perf0ns June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, every perfon mandingto demanding to vote for the eledion of any member to ferve in vote for the parliament for fuch city or town, being a county of itfelf, in eledion of that part of Great Britain called England, for and in refped of mem ers> any freehold eftate of forty (hillings a year, (hall, before he is admitted to poll at the faid eledion (if required by the candidates, if required to or any of them, or any perfon having a right to vote at the faid take the oath eledion) firft take the oath (or being a Quaker, the folemn f°llowinS> affirmation) folio wing, videlicet;

YOU /hallfwear (or being a Quaker, you (hall folemnly af- The oath, firm) That you have a freehold eftate conftfting of (fpecifying the nature of fuch freehold eftate, whether mefluage, land, rent, tithe, or what elfe ; and if fuch freehold eftate confifts in mefluages, lands, or tithes, then fpecifying in whofe occupation the fame are ; and if rent, then fpecifying the names of the owners or pofTeftors of the lands or tenements, out of which fuch rent is ifluing, or fome or one of them) lying or being in the city and county, or town and county (as the cafe may be) of of the clear yearly value of forty Jhillings, over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in refpebl of the fame ; and that you have been in the abiilal poffieffion or receipt of the rents and profits thereof for your own ufe, above tiuelve calendar months ; or that the fame came to you within the time af ore faid, by defc.ent, marriage, marriage fettlement, devife, or promotion to a benefice in a church, or by promotion to an office ; and that fuch freehold eftate has not been granted or made 'to you fraudulently, on purpofe to qualify you to give your vote $ and that the place of your abode is at	in

and that you are twenty one years of age, as you believe; and that you have not been polled before at this, els biion.

Which

Hosted

Anno decimo norio Georgii II. C; 28.

[1746.

5 Eliz. c. 9.

Geo. 2. c. 25.

xo Ann.c. 23*

The oath, | which oath (or folemn affirmation) the fheriff or (heriffs, by him See. by whom Qr themfelves, or his or their under fhefiff or under fheriffs, or ftered^01^1* ^worn clerk or clerks, as fhall be by him or them appointed 'for the taking of the poll, is and are hereby required to admini-fter; and in cafe any freeholder, or other perfon, taking the faid Wilful per- oat^ or affirmati°n hereby appointed, fhall thereby commit wilful jury, arid Tub- perjury, and be thereof convidied ; and if any perfon do unlaw-ornation to be fully and corruptly procure or fuborn any freeholder, or other punched as by perfon, to take the faid oath or affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he fhall commit fuch wilful perjury, and fhall be thereof convidled; he and they, for every fuch offence, fhall incur fuch pains and penalties, as are in and by two adts of parliament, the one made in the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, an aft for punijhment of fuch perfons as floall procure or com?nit wilful perjury ; the other made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the more ejfeftual preventing and further punijhment of forgery, perjury, fubornation of perjury; and to make it felony to feal bonds, notes, or other fecurities, for payment of money ; diredfed to beinflidted for offences committed contrary to the faid adfs.

II. And whereas by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of ghieen Anne, intituled, An adl for the more effedtual preventing fraudulent conveyances, in order to multiply votes for eledting knights of lhires to ferve in parliament; it ivas enafted, That no perfon fmild vote for the elefting a knight of the Jhire within that part of Great Britain called England, in refpeft or in right of any lands or tenements which had not been charged or ajfeffed to the pub-lick taxes, church rates, and parijh duties, in fuch proportion as other lauds or tenements of forty Jhillings per annum, within the fame pa-rijh or townfhip where the fame Jhould lie, or had been ufually charg-( ed: and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Jpueen Anne, for explaining the faid recited claufe, it is enafted, That the faid aft, or any thing therein contained, fall not extend, or be confuted to refrain any perfon from voting in fuch election of any knight of a fire within that part of Great Britain, called England, in refpeft or in right of any rents, tithes, or other incorporeal inheritances, or any mejfuages or lands in extraparochial places, or any chambers in the i?ins of courts or inns of chan eery, or any mefuages or feats belonging to any offices, in regard or by reafon that the ja?ne have not been uj'ually charged or ajfefft-ed to all or any the pnblick taxes, church rates, and parif duties afore-faid ; or in refpeft or right of any other mejfuages or lands not therein before fpecified, in regard or by reafon that the fame have not been ufually charged or af efed to all and every the publick taxes, church rates, and parif duties aforefaid ; provided that fuch mejfuages or lands have ufually been charged or ajfeffed to fome one or more of the faid publick taxes, rates, or duties, in Juch proportion as other mejfuages or lands offortyftnllings per annum in the fame parif or town-fipy where the fame fall lie or be, are ufually charged to the fame : which faid proviftons are recited in an aft of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly^ intituled\ An adt

for

12 Ann. ft. c.5.

I Geo. 2. 20. 1

Hosted by Google

1746J Anno decimo nono Georgii 11. c. 28.	465

for the more effe&ually preventing fraudulent qualifications of perfons to vote as freeholders in the election of members toferve in parliament, for fuch cities and towns as are counties of themfelves, in that part of Great Britain called England•> and are therein enabled to extend, and to be conjirued to extend, to fuch lands or tenements, for or in refpebl of which any per]on fhall vote for the election of any member to Jerve in parliament for any fuch city or town as aforefaidbeing a county of itfelf in that part of Great Britain called England : and whereas by an abl pajfed in the lajl feffion of ig Geo* u this prefent parliament, it is enabled. That fo much of thejaid recit- c. 18. id abls of the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of the late Queen Anne, as difables any perfon to vote for knights of fhires in refpebl or in right of any lands or tenements which have not been charged or af feffed as therein mentioned,;/hall be and is repealed \ be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid recited a£t of the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as ex-	^

tends the faid provifions to fuch cities and towns that are counties repealed. * of themfelves, as aforefaid, fhall alfo, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, be, and is hereby repealed.

III. Provided always, That from and after the faid twenty Qualification fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, ot perfons who no perfon fhall vote for the eledling a member or members to ^all vote £or ferve in parliament for fuch city or town, being a county of it-	or

felf, as aforefaid, within that part of Great Britain called Eng- towns, being land, in refpedl or in right of any freehold mefluages, lands, or counties, tenements, of the yearly value of forty (hillings, as aforefaid, which have not been charged or affefied towards fome aid granted, or hereafter to be granted to his Majefty, bis heirs and fuc-ceflors, by a land tax in Great Britain, twelve calendar months next before fuch ele<ftion : provided, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to reftrain any perfon from Exception* voting in any fuch ele&ion, for cities and towns as are counties of themfelves, as aforefaid, in refpe<5t or in right of any rents, or any meffuages or feats belonging to any offices, in regard or by reafon that the fame have not been ufually charged or afiefied to the aid commonly called the Land Tax ; and the adling com-Commi(Tioners miflioners of the land tax for the time being, or any three orGf the land more of them, at their meetings, (hall fign and feal one other tax to fgn duplicate of the copies of the afTefifnent or aflefirnents to be de- duplicates of livered to them by the afiefiors, after all appeals determined, and the fame (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the per- to deliver-Tons officiating as clerks of the peace within the diftridls of theed to the faid cities and towns, being counties of themfelves, as aforefaid clerks of the refpe&ively, to be by them kept amongft the records of the feE P]ee^ce,&c*an fions, to which ail perfons may refort at all feafonable times, and infpedd the lame, paying fix pence for fuch infpe&ion; and the faid perfons officiating as clerks of the peace, or their deputies, are hereby required forthwith to give copies of the faid du- c.°Pies tob$ plicates, or any part thereof, to any perfon or perfons who (hall paving** require the fame, paying after the rate of fixpence for every for them* You XVIII*	H	h	three

Hosted by Google

and to be in

poffefiion. above twelve months. Exception.

Penalty of fraudulent qualification, &c.

466	Anno	decimonono	Georgii	II.	c. 28	[1746.

three hundred words ; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number.

Perfons vot- IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ing, to have a That fr0m and after the faid twenty fourth day of 'June, one of forty foiU* thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, no perfon (hall vote in lings, &c. fuch election of a member or members to ferve in parliament for any city or town, being a county of itfelf, and in which perfons have a right to vote for fuch members, for and in ref-peft of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of forty (hillings, unlefs fuch perfons fhall have a freehold eftate in the city and county, or town and county, for which he votes, of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings, over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in refpeft of the fame, and fhall have b^n in the actual pofleffion, or in receipt of the rents and profits thereof for his own ufe, above twelve calendar months, except the fame came to him within the time aforefaid by defcent, marriage, marriage fettlement, devife, or promotion to any benefice in a church, or by promotion to an office; and no perfon fhall vote in refpeft or in right of any freehold eftate which was made or granted to him fraudulently, on purpofe to qualify him to give his vote, or fhall vote more than once at the fame eleftion; and if any perfon fhall vote in any fuch eleftion contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, he (hall forfeit to any candidate for whom fuch vote fhall not have been given, and who (hall firft fue for the fame, the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered by him or them, his or their executors or admi-niftrators, together with full cofts of fuit, by a<5hon of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjier, wherein noelfoin, protection, wager of law, privilege, or imparlance, fhall be admitted or allowed ; and in every lush aftion the proof fhall lie on fuch perfon againft whom the fame was brought, unlefs the fa ft on which fuch aftion is grounded, be, the having polled more than once at the fame eleftion.

V.	And be it declared by the authority aforefaid, That no publick or parliamentary tax, church or parilh rate or duty, or any other tax, rate, or afTeffment whatfoever, to be affeffed or levied within fuch cities or towns, being counties of themfelves, as aforefaid, is or (hall be deemed or conftrued to be any charge payable out of or in refpeft of any freehold eftate within the meaning and intention of this aft, or of the oath or folemn affirmation herein before direfted to be adminiftered to, and taken by every freeholder, if required as aforefaid.

Sheriff to al- VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That low a cheque the (heriff or (heriffs of any city or town, being a county of it-book tor every felE, in that part of Great Britain, called England, or in his or poll book. their abfence, his or their under (heriff or under (heriffs, or fuch other perfon as he or they fhall depute, (hall, at every eleftion of any member or members to ferve in parliament for fuch city or town, allow a cheque book for every poll book for each candidate, to be kept by their refpeftive infpeftors, at the place where the poll for fuch eleftion (hall be taken or carried on.

VII.	And

The proof where to lie, &c.

Taxes not within this aft.

Hosted by Google

I

j746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii If. 0: 28.	467

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Sheriffs to give That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one puhjiek thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, the fherifF or fheriffs no lce* c*

of every city or town, being a county of itfelf, and having a right to eled a member or members of parliament by virtue of the writ iffuing out of Chancery, without any precept thereupon, within that part of Great Britain called England, fhall forthwith, upon the receipt of the writ for eledion of a member or members to ferve in parliament for fuch city or town, Caufe publiclc notice to be given of the time and place of eledion, and fhall ^ proceed to eledion thereupon, within the fpace of eight days ^^lec* next after that of his receipt of the faid writ, and give three tion within g days notice thereof, at lead, exclufiveof the day of the receipt of days after re-the writ, and of the day of eledion.	ceiptot the

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, wrlt*

That in cafe any fherifF or under fherifF, prefiding at any elec- Sheriffs of-tion of a member or members to ferve in parliament for any fuch *endmS' city or town, being a county of itfelf, as aforefaid, within that

part of Great Britain called England, fhall wilfully offend againft or ad contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, every fuch fheriff or under fherifF fhall he liable to be profecuted by in- may be profe* formation or indidment in his Majefty’s court of King's Bench cuted in the at Wejimiiifier, or at the affizes for the city or town where fuch *^inS>s bench, offence (hall be committed, in which no Noli profequi, or Cejfat procejfus fhall be granted; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Plaintiffs how That it fhall and may be fufficient for the plaintiff in any adion t0 proceed, of debt given by this ad, to fet forth in the declaration or bill,

that the defendant is indebted to him in the fum of and to alledge the particular offence for which the adion or fuit is brought, and that the defendant hath aded contrary to this ad, without mentioning the writ of fummons to parliament, or the return thereof; and it fhall be fufficient in any indidment or information for any offence committed contrary to this ad* to alledge the particular offence charged upon the defendant* and that the defendant is guilty thereof, without mentioning the writ of fummons to parliament, or the return thereof; and. upon trial of any iffue in any fuch adion, fuit, indidment, or information, the plaintiff, profecutor, or informer, fhall not be obliged to prove the writ of fummons to parliament, or the return thereof, or any warrant or authority to the fheriff or fhe-riffs grounded upon any fuch writ of fummons.

X.	Provided always, That every adion, fuit, indidment, orgujts

information given by this ad, (hall be commenced within the commenced fpace of nine calendar months, after the fad upon which the within 9 fame is grounded (hall have been committed.	months.

• XI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That all the ftatutes of jeofails, and amendments of the law jeofaiU^x-whatfoever, (hall and may be conftrued to extend to all proceed- tended to fuch ings in any adion, fuit, indidment, or information given or proceedings.

H h %	allowed

Hosted by Google

Plaintiff dif-continuing, &c. (hall pay treble colts.

Limitation of

this a#.

4

Annfe decimo nonO Georgii II. c. 29.	[1746^

allowed by this acft, or which (hall be brought in purfuancc thereof.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the plaintiff or informer, in any a6tion, fuit, indictment, or information given by this aft, (hall difcontinue the fame, or be nonfuited, or judgment be other-wife given againft him; then, and in any of the faid cafes, the defendant againft whom fuch adtion, fuit, or information (hall have been brought, (hall recover his treble cofts.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That this a<ft, or any thing therein contained (other than and except fuch claufes and provifions as are by this a6t made for or concerning allowing cheque books, or for or concerning notice to be given of the time and place of election, and proceeding to election thereupon) (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any city or town, being a county of itfelf, or to any perfon or perfons, where the right of voting for any member or members of any fuch city or town is for or in ref-pedt of burgage tenure, or where the right of voting for fuch member or members, for or in refpedl of a freehold, does not require the fame to be of the yearly value of forty (hillings.

CAP. XXIX.

An att for fettling an additional revenue of twenty five thou-fand pounds upon his royal highnefs William duke of Cumberland, and the heirs males of his body, for the fignal fervices done by his royal highnefs to his country.

May it pleafe your mod excellent Majefty,

WHEREAS by the glorious fuccefs ivith which it has pleafeS Almighty God to blefs your Majejly s arms, under the aufpiclous conduct of your Majefty s dearly beloved fonthe duke of Cumberland, we may reafonably hope for a happy and fpeedy end of the pre-fent wicked and unnatural rebellion : in return therefore for your Majefty’s unwearied care, and affectionate concern for the fafety and profperity of your people, of which the expofing a life fo juftly valuable to your Majefty, is a moft endearing proof, we beg leave to offer your Majefty the warmeft affurances of that duty and loyalty which muft ever flow from hearts full of gratitude and affedlion: and that we may in fome meafure exprefs the deep fenfe we have of the indefatigable labours his royal highnefs the duke of Cumberland has undergone, and the eminent fervices he has performed, in the defence of your Majefty, and his country, we moft humbly befeech your Majefty that an additional revenue may be fettled on his royal highnefs, and the heirs males of his body; which provifion, we pray Almighty God, by the long continuance of his illuftrious line, may remain as a lading monument to all ages, of our refpecft, gratitude, and affection for his royal highnefs the duke, to whofe diftin-guiftied conduct and courage, under God, and your Majefty,

we

Hosted by Google

174-6.] Anno deciino nono Georgii II. c. 29.	4

We o\fre the pleating profpedl of being fpeedily delivered from the horrors and defolation that muft have accompanied the continuance of this deteftable rebellion : wherefore we your Majef-ty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje<fts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afiembled, do mod: humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be ena<5ted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That his royal highnefs William duke of Cumberland, and the An annuity of heirs males of his body, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, at the p^°t°0 c receipt of the exchequer, one annuity, or yearly rent, or fum ^uke of Cum-of twenty five thoufand pounds, of lawful money of Great Bri- berland, and tain, out of the duties and revenues which compofe the fund, the heirs commonly called The aggregate fund, and every or any of them ^lt Jy-(after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch fum and fums the aggregate of money as have been directed by any former a£t or a<5fs of par- fund ; liament to be paid out of the fame, but with preference to all other payments which (hall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the faid aggregate fund) which faid annuity to commence or yearly rent or fum of twenty five thoufand pounds, and every M6arca^ part thereof, (hall commence from the feaft day of the annunei- payable question of the blefled virgin Maty, in the year of our Lord one terly. thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, (hall be paid and payable quarterly to his faid royal highnefs, and the heirs males of his body, at the four moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year ; that is to fay, the feafts of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, Saint Michael the Archangel, the birth of our Lord Chrift, and the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary, by even and equal portions ; the firft quarterly payment thereof, to be made at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That /preapu to it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiftioners of his <jire& tfie au-Majefty’s treafury now being, and the high treafurer and under- ditor to pafs treafurer of the exchequer, and commiftioners of the treafury debentures for for the time being, and they are hereby authorized, impowered, P^y^Sthe and required, by warrant under their hands, todireeft the audi- annmt>* tor of the receipt of the exchequer, now, and for the time being, to make forth and pafs debentures, from time to time, for paying the faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum of twenty five thoufand pounds, as the fame (hall from time to time, become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; which faid warrant, and the debentures to be made forth and paffed thereupon, (hall be a fufficient authority to the feveral and refpedtive officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now, and for the time being, for the payment of the faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum of twenty five thoufand pounds, to his faid royal highnefs tfre dul^e, and the heirs males of his body as aforefaid, at the

H h 3	refpe&ive

The warrant not tobe determinable.

470	Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 29.	[1746.

ir.efpe&ive quarterly feaft days in this adt before appointed for payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That after the f gning of fuch warrant, the fame fhall be good, valid, and effectual in law, according the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this a61, and fhall not be determinable or revokable by or upon thedemife of his Majefty (whom God longpreferve) or of any of his heirs or fucceffors, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the faid commiffioners of the treafury or the lord high treafurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them.

T e fm and	And	lt	further	enadled	by	the	authority	aforefaid,

th^officers of That die commiffioners of the treafury now being, and the the exchequer high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time be-to a& without ing, chancellor, and under treafurer, chamberlains, and barons ^ee*	of	the exchequer, and all other the officers and minifters of the

court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, now, and for the time being, fhall, and the'yare hereby authorized and fbricffc-ly enjoined and required to do without fee or reward, all fuch a6Is, matters, and things, as are herein before diredled and required, or fhall be neceffary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this a6t, and thefe-veral payments hereby dire&ed, effe&ual.

V. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts of his faid royal highnefs William duke of Cumberland, and the heirs,males of his body, and of fuch other perfon or perfons as fhaU be intitled or authorized to receive the faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum or any part thereof, fhall be a good and fufficient difcharge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, and that the faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum, and every part thereof, fhall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions, and other publick charges whatfoever ; and in cafe any of the officers of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer fhall refufeor neglect to pay the Officers of the faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, accord-exchequer for jng tQ tke true intent 0f this a6tj or to do any a6t neceffary to enable his faid royal highnefs, and the heirs males of his body to receive the fame, then his faid royal highnefs William duke of Cumberland, and the heirs males of his body, and fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall be intitled to receive the faid annuity, or yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, may, from time to time, fue, profecute, and implead fuch officers, or any of them, their executors and adminiftrators, by bill, plaint, or acftion of debt, and fhall or may recover judgements, and fue out executions thereupon, againft fuch officers refpedhvely, their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for fo much of fuch fum or fums of money then due and owing upon the faid annuity, yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, as fhall have been in the hands oi the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, at the

time

The duke's receipt, &c.

to be a fufficient difcharge.

The annuity-free from all taxes.

nonpayment.

may be fued, &c.

Hosted by Google

47*

1746.] Anno decimo riono Georgii II. c. igi

time or times when demands fhall have been legally made of the payment of the faid annuity, yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof as aforefaid, or for the refufal or negled to do any ad neceflary to be done by fuch officer or officers, to enable his faid royal highnefs, and the heirs males of his body to receive the fame.

VI.	And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid. ThatThe annuity the faid annuity, yearly rent or fum of twenty five thoufand ^kefand^he pounds, fhall be, and the fame is by this ad veffed in his faid heirs males of royal highnefs, and the heirs males of his body ; and that thehis body, fame, or any part thereof, fhall not at any time or times here-1}011 to bea-after be aliened, conveyed, difpofed, charged, or incumberedlienated,

by his faid royal highnefs, or by any of the heirs males of his body, for any greater or longer effate or time than during the natural life of the perfon fo aliening, conveying, difpofing, charging, or incumbering the fame, or f6 as to prevent the fame from defcending to the heirs males in tail, according to the faid limitations.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, If by redemp-That if at any time or times hereafter, by the redemption oftl0n °f any °f any of the duties or revenues compofing the faid aggregate fund, thefundeSOf there fhall not be fufficient monies ariffng thereby to fatisfy andtiiere not pay the faid annuity to his faid royal highnefs, and the heirs arife fufficient males of his body, from time to time, as the fame fhall become mpnies cer-due and payable; that then (notwithftan&ng fuch redemptionfain du-ies

as aforefaid) the duties called the two thirds of a fubfidy of ton- e con mue nage and poundage upon goods and merchandizes imported, and the duties upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa paffe, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, pictures; and muffins, and the increafed duties upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa paffe, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pictures ; and the further rates and duties upon all white callicoes, porcellan called China ware, and drugs; all which faid fubfi-dies and duties are part of the faid aggregate fund, and are intended to be continued, fhall be, and the fame are hereby enacted to be continued, and fhall be fubjed and liable to anfwer and pay out of the fame all the payments which fhall after fuch redemption grow due, for and upon the faid annuity, yearly rent, or fum of twenty five thoufand pounds, to his faid royal highnefs the duke of Cumberland, and the heirs males of his body; and the faid feveral fubfidies and duties fo to be continued, and hereby made fubjed and liable to anfwer the payments of the faid annuity of twenty five thoufand pounds, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient to pay the fame, are and fhall be hereby appropriated, ifliied, and applied thereunto, during the continuance of the fame annuity of twenty five thoufand pounds to his faid royal highnefs the duke of Cumberland, and the heirs males of his body ; any thing in this or any other ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

H h 4	CAP.

47?	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii II, c. 30.	(1746,

CAP. XXX.

An a Si for the better encouragement of the trade of his Ma jeft/s fugar colonies in America.

FO R advancement of the trade of his Majejlys kingdom of Great Britain, to and in the feveral Britilh fugar colonies in the Weft Indies in America, for the better encouragement of his Ma-jejiy s /hips, and private /hips of war, and the annoying and dirni-nifiling the power and wealth of his Majefly's enemies in thofe parts ; and for the increafe of'/hipping and feamen for thefe and other fervices; be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no mariner or other perfon who fhall ferve on board, or be retained to ferve on board any privateer, or trading fhip or veffel, that fhall be employed in any of the Britifi fugar colonies in the Wejl Indies, in America, nor any mariner or other perfon being on fhorc ih the faid Britifi fugar colonies, or any of them, fhall be liable to be impreffed or taken away, or fhall be impreffed or taken away, in or from any of the faid Britifi fugar colonies, or any of them, or any of the ports thereof, or at fea in thofe parts, by any officer or officers of or belonging to any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, im-powered by the lord high admiral of Great Britain or the lords commiffioners for executing the office of the lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any other perfon whatfo-ever, unlefs fuch mariner fhall h^ve before deferted from fuch fhip of war belonging to his Majefty, at any time after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, upon pain that any officer or officers fo impreffing or taking away, or caufing to be impreffed or taken away, any mariner or other perfon, contrary to the tenor and true meaning of this a<5t, fhall forfeit to the mafter or owner or owners of any fuch (hip or vef-fel, the fum of fifty pounds for every man he or they (hall fo imprefs or take } to be recovered with full colls of fuit in any court of record within any part of his Majefty’s dominions.

II.	And for preventing the defertion or any mariners or feamen from his Majefty’s (hips of war, in any of the parts afore* Matters of pri- laid, to any fuch trading or privateer (hip or veffel as aforefaid; vateers and	jt	further	enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every

fefs^to^ir^uire I^ia^er or commander of fuch trading or privateer fhip or veffel if fuch ma-ir as aforefaid, fhall, before he (hall receive or entertain in any of riner hath de- the parts aforefaid, any mariner, feaman, or other perfon, to ferted from a ferve on board fuch privateer, or trading fhip or veffel, endea-vour (by all the ways and means that he reafonably and conve-entertain^im niently may or can) to difcover whether fuch mariner, feaman, jcc.	or other perfon hath deferted from any of his Majefty’s (hips, or

fhip of war in any of the parts aforefaid ; and in cafe any fuch mafter or commander (hall receive or entertain any mariner, feaman, or other perfon on board fuch trading (hip or privateer as aforefaid, without fuch reafonable endeavour for fuch difcovery fed had and made, or which he (hail know, or be informed,

hath

Mariners be-longing to privateers, or trading fhips, jnot to be im* preiTed in the Well Indies}

unlefs they (hall have deferted from his Majefty’s fhips.

Penaly 50I.

Hosted by Google

473

f 746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 30.

hath deferted from any of his Majefty’s (hips, or (hip of war, in any of the parts aforefaid, fuch mafter or commander (hall forfeit to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the fum of fifty pounds, for every man he fhall fo receive or entertain, to p	.

be recovered with full cofts of fuit, in any court of record, with- ^ 5 in any part of his Majefty’s dominions.

III.	And for the more effectual preventing merchant fhips or privateers in any of the parts aforelaid, from harbouring or entertaining any feamen who fhall defert his Majefty’s fervice in any of the parts aforefaid, be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Lifts, See. of June onethoufand feven hundred and forty fix, every mafter of ^

a merchant (hip or veflel, and commander of a privateer, fhall, §e°fveere<i t(f before he fhall fet fail from any port of or belonging to the faid the officer of Britijh fugar colonies, or any of them, deliver to the chief offi- the port, by cer of thecuftoms of the port from whence he (hall fet fail, an	ffels

exacft lift of all the men belonging to fuch merchant fhip orvef- c’0 V€ e fel, or privateer, containing their names, ages, and defcriptions of their perfons, upon pain that he fhall forfeit the fum of ten Penalty 10L pounds to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for every fuch man he fhall fo receive and entertain on board, whofe name fhall not be inferted in fuch lift, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit, in any court of record within any part of his Majefty’s dominions.

IV.	And it is hereby further enabled. That fuch officer of the Copy of the cuftoms do return to fuch mafter or commander an attefbed co- lift to be re. py of fuch lift fo delivered to him ; and that upon the death or turned, &c„ alteration of any feaman, the faid lift be immediately altered,

and delivered to the naval officer, or chief officer of the cuftoms, in any port where fuch merchant fhip or veflel, or privateer, fhall arrive in manner as aforefaid ; all which faid lifts fhall. The lifts to be from time to time, be produced and (hewn t© any of the cap- (hewn to captains, or other officer of any of his Majefty’s fhips of war de- tams °f meu manding the fame; and if any man or men belonging to any of MeT^belone-his Majefty’s fhips of war, fhall be found on board any mer- ing t0 any of chant fhip or veflel, or privateer, whofe name fhall not be con- the men of t.ained in fuch lift as aforefaid; the mafter or commander of war being a-fuch veflel or privateer fhall forfeit to his Majefty his heirs and the’nft n0t fucceflors, the fum of fifty pounds, for every fuch man which the mafter to fhall be fo found on board, to be recovered in manner as afore- forfeit 50I. faid.

V.	And for the better furnifhing feamen to ferveon board his Matters, &c. Majefty’s (hips of war, which (hall be in or about the feveral to carry man-parts aforefaid in America, for annoying the enemy, and pro- n.ers> te<fting the trade there, it is hereby further enadled, That the ^?e, to^the^ mafter or commander of every trading (hip or veflel, and every port the veflel packet boat, which (hall, from time to time, from and after is bound to; the faid twenty fourth day of June, onethoufand feven hundred

and forty fix, be outward-bound, and going for any of the parts aforefaid in America, (hall be and are hereby obliged (at itfie defire of apy of his Majefty’s officers thereunto lawfully au-

thorizedj

Hosted by Google

Penalty 50L

Mailers, &c. to fjgn an ac knowledge-ment of the

474	Anno	decimo nono Georgii II. c. 30.	[	1746.

thorized, and at the charges of his Majefty, to be paid in manner herein after mentioned) to receive on board, and carry to the port or place whereto fuch trading fhip, v-effel, or packet boat, fhall be fo found, and there deliver to fuch officer or per-fon to whom they fhall be affigned, any number of mariners, feamen, or other perfons adlually entered into his Majefty’s fea fervice and pay (over and above the complement of mariners or feamen with fuch trading fhip, veffd, or packet boat ufually carries, or which fhall be fufficient for navigating the fame for fuch intended voyage, not exceeding the proportion of a fifth part of the number of fuch ufual or fufficient complement of mariners or feamen) upon pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds, for every fuch feaman or mariner that he or they (hall refufe to take on board and carry ; or, after having received on board, (hall willingly permit or fuffer to efcape, to be paid and recovered as aforefaid.

VI.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the mafter or commander of every trading (hip or veffel, and every packet boat, upon receiving fuch mariners, men*received ^eamen5 or ot^er perfons on board, for his Majefty’s fervice. See*	9 in manner aforefaid, is hereby required to fign an acknowledge-

ment in writing, of his having received fuch mariners, feamen, or other perfons on board, in order to carry and deliver them to fuch officer or perfon to whom they fhall be fo affigned as aforefaid, and to deliver the fame to fuch of his Majefty’s officers who fhall (hip the faid mariners, feamen, or other perfons, on board fuch trading (hip, veffel, or packet boat, who is to lay to be laid be- the fame before the commifiioners of his Majefty’s navy, which fore the com- j'uch officer is hereby required to do ; and fuch mafter or com-thenavy? ° niander of every fuch trading fhip, veffel, and packet, fhall, within fix months after his fo receiving any fuch mariners, feamen, or other perfons on board, for his Majefty’s fervice, produce and deliver to the faid commifiioners of his Majefty’s navy Certificate a certificate in writing, under the hand of the commander in from the com- chief of his Majefty’s fhips of war in the Weft Indies, or of the niander, ke* commander or captain of fome one of his Majefty’s fhips of war bein^reedved *11 Weft Indies, that fuch commander or officer hath received tobeproduc- the faid mariners, feaman, or other perfons on board his Ma-ed to thecom-jefty’s fhips, or fuch of them as fuch commander or officer fhall miflioners $ receive, which certificate fuch commander in chief, or commander or captain of his Majefty’s fhips or fhip of war in the Weft Indies, are hereby required to give, upon receiving on board his Majefty’s (hips or fhip, the faid mariners, feamen, or other perfons from on board the faid trading fhips, veffels, and pack-, et; and upon producing and delivering fuch certificate, the com-thereon av mifiioners of- his Majefty’s navy are hereby authorized and re-the charges of quired to pay to the mafter or commander of fuch trading fhip, carrying the veffel, or packet, for the charges and expences of fo carrying the faid mariners, feamen, or other perfons, at and after the rate of fix pence per diem for each mariner, feaman, or other perfon, whofe name (hall be contained and fet forth in the faid

cer«

men.

Hosted by

Google

1746-] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. C.31.	475

certificate from the commander in chief, or commander or captain of his Majefty’s (hips or fhip of war in the Weft Indies, to be fo produced and delivered to the faid com mi (boners of his Majefty’s navy, from the time of their being firft received on board the faid trading (hip, veftel, or packet, to the time of their being fo delivered and received on board his Majefty’s fhips or (hip of war in the IVeft Indies as aforefaid.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enabled by the jn what cafes authority aforefaid. That in cafe of any threatened oradfual in- mariners may vafion of any of his Majefty’s faid colonies in America, or in cafe be imprefied j of any other unforefeen and emergent neceftity or occafion requiring the fame, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the commanders and captains of his Majefty’s fhips of war, ftationed, or being in any of the parts aforefaid, with the concurrence, approbation, and confent of the governor and commander in chief, and of the council for the time being of the faid colonies, or any of them, but not otherwife, toimprefs fuch a number of mariners or feamen toferve on board his Majefty’s faid fhips of war as (hall be neceftary and fufticient to make up the ufual and fuffi-cient complement of mariners or feamen belonging to each of the faid fhips, fuch mariners or feamen fo imprefted being dif-charged, if they require the fame, fo foon as the fervice for which they were fo imprefied is performed ; which difcharge and obtain each captain of his Majefty’s fhips, whom it may concern, is difcharges. hereby required to give; and in cafe of his refufing or delaying the fame, is hereby made fubjedl and liable to pay the penalty of fifty pounds to the party aggrieved, to be recovered, with full cofts of fuit, in any court of record within any part of his Majefty’s dominions; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An oM for granting to his Majejly a certain Jurn of money out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and forty fx •, and alfo for enabling kis Majejly to raife a further fum of money for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned \ and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the com^ mons of Great Britain, in parliament alfembled, being defirous to raife the neceftary fupplies, which we have cheerfully granted -to your Majefty in this feftion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, in the eafieft manner we afe able, for the benefit of your Majefty’s fubje&s i and alfo to ufe fuch ways and means therein as

Hosted by Google

One million granted out of the finking fund«

Cianfe of loan at ^ per cent.

Tallies and orders for repayment.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 31;	[1746.

that your Majefty may have the better and more fpeedy effect of the laid fupplies, have refolvcd to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum of one million, out of the furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund: and to that end and purpofe do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacfted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That by or out of fuch monies as now are, or "fhall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, qf the faid furpluf-fes, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or referving fufficientto pay all fuch fum and fums of money as have been directed by any former a& or acfts of parliament to be paid out of the feme) there (hall and may beiflued, and applied, a fum not exceeding the faid fum of one million, for and towards the fupply granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix ; and the commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiftioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And it is hereby ena<5led by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the faid commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiftioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million, or any part thereof, by loans ©r exchequer bills, in manner hereafter mentioned, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of one million, upon the credit of the faid furplufles, excefles, apd overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund 5 and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, intereft after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid commiftioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiftioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iflue their warrants for that purpofe as fall as fuch loans fhall be wanted for the publick fervice; and moreover that no money fo to be lent on the fecurity of this a6t fhall be rated or aflefled to any tax or afleflment whatfoever.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That all and every perfon and perfons who fhall lend any money upon the credit of this a£t as aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, fhall immediately have a tally of loan ftruck for the fame, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her] or their tally, in or upon which order (hall he alfo contained a w^raqt for payment of intereft for the forbearance

thereqfj

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno dccimo nono GEORGIIII. C. 31.	477

thereof, not exceeding the faid rate of four pounds per centum Orders to be per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repay- re§^er’d, and ment of the principal; and all fuch orders for repayment ofpai mcoure* money fo to be lent (hall be regiftred in courfe according to the dates refpedlively; and that all and every perfon and perfons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall (land regiftred in. the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, who lhall have his, her, or their order or orders firft: entered in the faid books of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furplufies, excefles, or overplus monies; and he, (he, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered,

(hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceflively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in, of, or for the faid furplufies, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadtion of the faid reipedtive perfons, without un-and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, ad-miniftrators, fucceflors, or afligns refpedlively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife; and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever (other than fuch ufes and purpofes as are appointed by any other adt or adts of parliament in that behalf as aforefaid ;) and that no fee, reward, or gratuity direcSHy or in- No fee ^or/e"’ diredtly (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty’s fub- g,ftermS>&c* jedts for providing or making of any fuch books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearches in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with full colls of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo ; and if any undue

preference of one before another (hall be made either in point of r -/r	1	c	1	•	r,	*	due preter-

regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning or this adt, by ence;

any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by adtion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt with full cods of fuit to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged of his place or office; and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (ball be liable to fuch adtion, debt, damages, and colls, and (hall be for ever after incapable of his place or office ; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt fhall not diredt the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fuch order, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before diredl-ed, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpec-tive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch adtion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid ; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any of the officers of the exchequer, or any their

deputies

Hosted by Google

No undue preference, where tallies

not demanded.

Orders afllgliable tot 'ies quo-ties.

478	Anno decimo nono GeoRGH II. c. 31.	[	1746',

deputies or clerks, (ball and may be recovered by adlion of debt* bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVefiminfter; wherein no elToin, protedlion, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

IV.	Provided always, and it is declared, That if it (hall happen that feveral tallies of loans or orders for payment as afore-laid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the the fam^da"0 rece'lP* to regdlred, then it (hall be interpreted no undue pre-e ame ay. ference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

Nor if fubfe- V. Provided alfo, That it (hall not be interpreted any undue quent orders preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the au-be paid before ditor diredt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do iuch as were pay fubfequent orders to perfons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for them 5 intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That all and every perfon and perfons to whom any money fhall be due for loans to be regi-ftred by virtue of this adl, after order entered in the book of re-giftryas aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or •afligns, by proper words of aflignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may aflign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and "benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof to any other ; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt as aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regiftry aforefaid for orders (which the officers fnall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) fhall intitle fuch affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and afligns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch affignee may in like manner aflign again, and fo toties quoties; and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who have or hath made fuch aflignment, to make void, releafe, or difcharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of one million, to be raifed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by ifluing ex-

^Treafury may checluer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either make new ex- of thofe ways or means for the publick fervice ; be it further en-chequer bills adted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the commiffioners faiVone^iU16	^aje^y?s treafury, or any three or more of them now be-

lion °&c ,nl" or the high trealurer, or any three or more of the commif-*	'	lioners	of the treafury for the time being, fhall judge it more

advifeable to raife the faid fum of one million or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch loans as aforefaid, that then they refpedtively are hereby authorized and impowered at

any

The alignment not to be voided.

Hosted by Googl

479

j 746.3 Anno decimo nonoGEORGii II. c. 31.

any time or times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one million, together with fuch loans as aforefaid, in the fame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain act of parliament for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty i9Geo.2.c3. fix, are enacted and prefcribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid aft*

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ^

That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, er advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and dilabilities, contained in be fubje& to the faid laft-mentioned aft relating to the loans or exchequer the fame re-bills authorized to be made by the fame aft (except fuch claufes gulatioiw. as do charge the fame on the aids, taxes, or affeffments granted

by the fame aft) fhall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this aft, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft mentioned aft, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all Excheauer the exchequer bills as (hall be made in purfuance of this aft, bills, See. to and the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or at- be repaid out tending the fame, fhall be and are hereby charged and charge- °f forking able upon, and fhall be repaid and borne by or out of the grow- un *

irig produce of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund fhall and may be blued and applied, as faft as the fame can be regularly ftated and af-certained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and dif-charging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them.(hall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and re-ferved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the re-fpeftive proprietors thereof.

X.	And for the better enabling your Majefty effeftually to fupprefs the prefent rebellion, to carry on the war with vigour, and make good fuch treaties a$ are or fhall be made with your Majefty’s allies, your faid dutiful and loyal commons have alfo

freely given and granted unto your Majefty tlxe further fum of The further five hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed in manner herein 0°q0j after mentioned; be it therefore enafted by the authority afore- granted/ faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the King’s moft His Majefty excellent majefty, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign by ma. manual, to authorize and impower the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, now or for the time being, or any three or	to	re-

more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, at ceive loans*

2	any

Hosted by Google

or make exchequer bills.

Regulations

concerning

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c.3*.	TI74^

any time or times before the twenty fifth day of December, one-thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, to caufe or direct any loans to be taken or received at his Majefty’s exchequer, from any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies po-* litick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by the before mentioned adt of this prefent fefiion of parliament (for granting an aid to his Majeity by a land tax, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix) are enadted and prefcribed, concerning the loans or exchequer bills, to be taken or made in purfuance of the faid a6t.

XL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, the exchequer advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in bJH$.	the	faid	laft	mentioned	acft,	relating to the loans or exchequer

bills, authorized to be made by the fame a6t (except filch claufes as do charge the fame on the rates, ^duties, and affeffments granted by the fame aCt) fhall be applied and extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this a6t, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft mentioned acft, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-ena6ted in the body of this a6h

XII. And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid* That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds as aforefaid, as fhall be taken in, or made forth in purfuance of this acft, may refpecftively be made to bear or carry am intereft, premium, or rate, not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum; and all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or attending the fame, fhall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and fhall be repaid, or borne by or out of the firft aids or fupplies, which fhall be granted in parliament next after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe fhall not be granted before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, then all and every the faid loans or exchequer bills, with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to or attending the fame, fhall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies, as at any time or times at or after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, fhall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any former a<ft or

adb

Loans, See. to carry 4. 1. per cent, inter eit.

payable out of the firft fupplies,

or Sinking Fund.

Hosted by Google

: 1746.J Anno cledmo nono Georgii II. 0.31,'	481

ads of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iffued and applied, as faft as the fame can be regularly hated and afcertained, for and , towards paying off, cancelling, and difcharging fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedive proprietors thereof.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Monies paid

aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall be fo iffued out of the out °f die faid furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called	laced

the Sinking Fund, fhall from time to time be replaced by and ^ out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament;

any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority The land tax* aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either

by loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand [even hundred and forty fix \ and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as fhall arife or remain, . after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid land tax, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other ad of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for ^ continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part	*

cf Great Britain, called England, and for granting to his Majefly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand [even hundred and forty fix; and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the duties thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties, fhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient fhall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame ; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer by fale of annuities, after the rate of Annuities, four pounds per centum per annum, and by contributions by way of a lottery, upon one other ad of this feffion of parliament (intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefiy feveral 'rates and du- and duties ties upon glafs, and upon fpirituous liquors; and for raifing a certain ^Pon fum of money by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the faid rates &c# and duties; and for obviating form doubts about making out orders at the exchequer, for the monies advanced upon the credit of the fait du-ties, granted and continued to his Majefiy by an aft of the laft feffion of parliament \) and alfo the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, by this ad granted, (ball be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards

Vol. XVIII.	U	the

Hosted by Google

482	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii	II.	c. 31.	[1746.

appropriated, the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes herein after exprefled (that is to fay)

XV.	It is hereby enacted ^and declared, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be *,*94,04.8 1. ifl~aed and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding 16 s. 3 d. to- two million two hundred ninety four thoufand forty eight wards thena- pounds, fixteen (hillings, and three pence, for or towards the val fervices. nava] fervices herein after more particularly exprefled ; (that is to fay) for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the vidlualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea fervices in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards carrying on the building of the intended hofpital for flck and wounded feamen at Gofport, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.

XVI.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as a-

96 478I 19 s.	there	(ball	and	may be iflued and applied any fum or

* d’for freight fums of money, not exceeding ninety lix thoufand four hun-of tranfports, dred feventy eight pounds, nineteen (hillings, and two pence, for the freight of tranfports, between the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and 1 any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty four thoufand 3 ci. halfpenny feven hundred fifty three pounds, nine (hillings, and three pence for victualling halfpenny, for the expence ofviduals provided for his Majefty’s land forces, between the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four, and the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five.

XVII.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (ball and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, upon account, towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich^ for the better main.enance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in ths fervice of their country.

■ XVIII. And it is hereby alfo enadted, That out of all or any 422,319b 19 s. the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iflued 6 d. to the and applied any lum or fums of money, not exceeding four hundred twenty two thoufand three hundred nineteen pounds, nineteen (hillings, and fix pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice* for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice, not provided for by parliament.

XIX. A.nd it is hereby likewife enabled, That out of all or 206 *»	1	1	s any aK*s orfupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and

to the5^ *I5S* maY be	and	applied	any fum or fums of money not ex-

ceeding two hundred and fix thoufand two hundred fifty three pounds, and fifteen (hillings, for defraying the charge of eleven

thoufand

the land forces,

10,000b to Greenwich hofpital.

office of ordnance#

to marines

Hosted by Google

1746’] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 31.	483

thoufand five hundred and fifty marines (commiffion and non-commiffion officers included) to be employed for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.

XX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one million two hundred ninety eight thoufand one hundred pounds, fourteen (hillings, and feven 1,298,100 b pence, for defraying the charge of forty nine thoufand two hun- 14 s. 7 d. to dred and twenty nine effective men for his Majefty’s land forces, d^land including commiffion and non-commiffion officers, and one *orce&* thoufand eight hundred and fifteen invalids, to be employed for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix.

XXL Provided neverthelefs, That out of the faid fum of one million two hundred ninety eight thoufand one hundred pounds, fourteen (hillings, and feven pence, there fhall and may be if-fued and applied any fum not exceeding thirty fix thoufand eight hundred fixty four pounds, nine (hillings, and feven pence, for ^ j defraying the charge of garrifons in Great Britain, Guernfey, and rifons.

Jerfey, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; 30,000b for and the further fum of thirty thoufand pounds upon account, contingencies for contingencies of the army for th$ year one thoufand feven ot t e army* hundred and forty fix.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there fhall and may be if-fued and applied, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three hundred forty three thoufand four hundred forty pounds, 343,440b i2s» eighteen fhillings, and one penny halfpenny, for maintaining 1 d. half-his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca Penny t°the and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gibraltar Georgia, Rattan, and Cape Breton, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and any 1550,74.1. 6 s* fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred fifty fivel d. f°r ss thoufand feventy four pounds, fix fhillings, and one penny for ^o^and^of the pay of thirteen regiments of foot, and two regiments of horfe, horfe. under the command of feveral noblemen ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding thirty five thoufand nine hundred fifty 35,95a h 10 $• two pounds, and ten fhillings, for the pay of twenty indepen- for indedent Companies, for three hundred and fixty five days, from the Pendent com* refpebtive times of their being raifed ; and any fum or fums 0f Panies» money, not exceeding one hundred fixty one thoufand fix hun- 1^l^07\, I75o dred and feven pounds, feventeen fhillings, and one penny x d*halfpen-halfpenny, for defraying the charge of one thoufand two hun- ny for troops, dred fixty four horfe, and four thoufand nine hundred and eight &9* t0 !?\e foot, with the general officers and train of cfrtillery, the troops ° V'e* of his majefty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfelly in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty firft day of Decern-her, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, both inclufive, together with the fubfidy for the faid time,

I i 2	pur-

Hosted by Google

484	Anno	decimo nono Georgii II. c. 31;	[174&

purfuant to treaty; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three hundred thoufand pounds, towards defraying the 300,000!. to expence of the pay and fubfiftence of two bodies of the troops of Hanover, confiding of five thoufand horfe, and thirteen thoufand foot, making in the whole eighteen thoufand men, to a in the low countries, with the Aujirian troops, and thofe of the States General of the united provinces, for the year one thorn-fand feven hundred and forty fix ; and any fum or fums of mo-10,oool. for a ney, not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, for a train of artillery tdW °* af~ to attend t^e fa*d troops; and any fum or fums of money, not 1	exceeding	four	hundred	thoufand pounds, to enable the Queen

of Hungary to fupport her allies, and maintain fifty thoufand

fhe'oueen^of men *n t^e ^ow countr^es5 f°r t^e year one thoufand feven hun-—	dred and forty fix; and any fum or fums of money, not ex-

ceeding one hundred thoufand pounds, to enable the King of Sardinia the better to maintain and profecute the war in Italy, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty one thoufand five hundred forty five pounds, nineteen fhillings, and eleven pence, for defraying the charge of the troops of the Slates General whilft in his Majefty’s fervice, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty live, and one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty thoufand three hundred twenty eight pounds, nineteen fhillings, and ten pence, for defraying the extraordinary pay or douceurs, forrage, waggon money, and other extraordinaries of the fix thoufand HejJians in his Majefty’s fervice, incurred in the year He/fian troops one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, and one thoufand for 1742, and feven hundred and forty three, and not provided for by parliament ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty thoufand eight hundred and eighty pounds, nineteen Shillings, and two pence, for the pay of general, and general f aff officers, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding nineteen thoufand one hundred fixty eight pounds, eighteen (hillings, and four pence, 1 i68l j3s ^or defraYing c^arge two troops of rangers, a highland to the S* c°nipany, boatmen, half galleys, or fchooners, for the fervice of Georgia, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred thirty feven thoufand twenty feven pounds, three fhillings, and eleven pence, for defraying the extraordinary expence of his Majefty’s land force? on account of the rebellion, and for horfes pences of the loft in Flanders and at fea, incurred amio one thoufand feven rebellion, &c. hundred and forty five, and not provided for by parliament;

and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty four thoufand feven hundred and one pounds, feven (hillings and (lx pence, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, fubjedt to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after pre-

and any fum or fums of money

not

Hungary.

7 00,000 1. to the King of Sardinia.

21 >545 *• T9 s* ii d. to the troops of the States GentraL

40,328 1. 19 s jo d. to the

*743-

40,880 1. 19 s 2 d. for itaff officers.

rangers, &c. of Georgia.

137,027 1. 3 s. 11 d. to ex-

24,701 I. 7 s 6 d, to half-pay.

feribed concerning the fame,

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo nono GeoRGH II. c. 31.	4§5

exceeding three thoufand eight hundred and eighty fix pounds, 1. to for paying of penfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers °^^duc^dof-his Majefty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the efta- £cers/ bliftunent of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix ; which faid fum of three thoufand eight hundred eighty fix pounds, (hall be ifiued to fuch perfon or perfons, as his Majefty (hall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, diredl or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to fuch widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according to fuch eftablilhments, lifts, or other directions, and with and fubjecft to fuch conditions, qualifications, or other allowances for the fame, as his Majefty, by fuch and the like warrant or warrants, fhall be gracioufly pleafed to direct and appoint.

XXIII.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore- ^00>000i. to-faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there wards fup-fhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money preiling the not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, upon account, to rebelboru

o ^	1	1	C2UTV1D E OH.

enable his Majefty effectually to fupprefs the prefent rebellion, the *,ar5 &c^

to carry on the war with vigour both by fea and land, and to

make good fuch treaties as are or (hall be made with his Ma- 200000j to

jefty’s allies, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty the kingof

fix; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred Sardinia.

thoufand pounds, to make good his Majefty’s engagements with

the King of Sardinia, purfuant to treaty : and any fum or fums	,

0 ..	r	^ r \ J \	.	24,200\t I S.

not exceeding twenty tour thoufand two hundred ninety nine 4 a. to the pounds, one (hilling, and four pence, to make good his Ma- eleffor of Co-jefty’s engagements with the eledtor of Cologn, purfuant to l°gn. treaty ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight thoufand fix hundred and twenty pounds, to make good his Majefty’s engagements with the elector of Mentz, purfuant to treaty.

XXIV.	And it is hereby enadled, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be ifiued and paid to the commifiioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the city of Wejhninjter to the oppofite fhore, in the county of Surrey, or any feven or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed, under the hands and feals of the

laid commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, to receive	*

the fame, the fum of twenty five thoufand pounds, without ac- 2 Q00j to count, other than is directed for the other monies raifed by vir- Weftminiter tue of feveral former a6ls of parliament, paffed during the reign bridge, of his prefent Majefty, for building the faid bridge, to be applied towards finifhing the faid bridge, and to perform the other trufts repofed in them : and there (hall and may be ifiued to the truftees for eftablifhing the colony of Georgia in America, any Q00 j t0 ^ fum or fums of money, not exceeding four thoufand pounds, truftees of by them to be applied for the further fettling and improving the Georgia, faid colony : and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten

I i 3	thoufand

486

10,000L to the African company.

8,367 1. 9 s, 10 d. to the finking fund, deficiency of (tamp duties.

13,7931. 3 s. 5 d. to ditto. Deficiency of duties on home made wines.

37,5001. to ditto, intereft on the fait duties.

Anno deciino nono Georgii II. c. 31.	[1746.

thoufand pounds, to be applied towards the maintenance and fupport of the Britijb forts and fettlements belonging to the royal African company of England.

XXV. And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid, That out ot all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or Turns of money not exceeding eight thoufand three hundred fixty feven pounds, nine (hillings, and ten pence, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional (lamp duties at Cbriftmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty four; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirteen thoufand feven hundred and ninety three pounds, three (hillings, and five pence, to replace to the faid linking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the duty of twelve (hillings, a barrel on fweets, or wines made from Britijh or foreign fruit or fugar, at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding feventeen thoufand five hundred pounds, to replace to the faid finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to anfwer half a year’s intereft due at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, on the principal fum of one million lent on the credit of the fait duties, which were continued for fix years, from Lady Day, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty three, towards the fupply for the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five.

XXVI. And it is hereby alfo enadted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (hall and may be iffued and 9d deficiency aPP^e<^ any fum or fums of money, not exceeding forty nine of the general thoufand two hundred fifty two pounds, eighteen (hillings, and fund.	nine	pence, for making good the deficiency of the general fund

for the year ended at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eleven thoufand nine hundred and fifty pounds, two (hillings, the ran:s for anc* ™ne Pence farthing, to make good the deficiency of the i7iipaiUS °r Srants for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred ^	and	forty five.

Limitation of XXVII. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That thefe fupplies. the faid aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid (hall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ules and purpofes before mentioned, or for the leveral deficiencies or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout by any adt or adts, or any particular claufe or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other adt or adts of this prefent feffion of parliament.

XXVIII. And as to the faid fum of twenty four thoufand What perfons feven hundred and one pounds, feven ("hillings, and fix pence, by are entitled to this a<51 appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforefaid ; it is halt pay. hereby enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the rules herein after preferibed fhall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay, That no perfon (hall have

or

4.9,-2.511. iS s.

11,9501. 2. s. 9 d. farthing, deficiency of

Hosted by Google

j 74.6.3 Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 31.	4^7

or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced ; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adual fervice in fome regiment, troop, or company; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain, or Ireland, fhall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no perfon fhall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refigned his commiffion, and has had no commiffion fince ; that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons, who would have been otherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame fhall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately dilbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIX. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the 18 Geo. i, eighteenth year of his Majefly's reign, (intituled, An ad for granting c* 22, to his Majefty the fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds out of the finking fund ; and for granting a fum remaining in the exchequer, arifen by the furplus of the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty five; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for giving further time for the payment of duties, omitted to be paid for the indentures or contrads of clerks and apprentices; and for the further enforcing the payment of the faid duties) feveral fupplies which had been granted to his Majefly, as is therein mentioned*) were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein exprcjfed, a-mongf which, any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty fix thoufand feven hundred and feventy five pounds, fifteen foldings, and ten pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefly s land forces and marines, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half pay, as in and by the aforefaid aft were prefcribed in that behalf; now it is hereby provided, enaded, and declared by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the faid fum of twenty fix thoufand feven hundred feventy five pounds, fifteen fhillings, and ten pence, as is or (hall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers according to the rules by the faid ad prefcribed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, fhall or may be difpofed of to fuch officers who are maimed or loft their Overplus or limbs in the late wars, or fuch others-as by reafon of their long fervice, or otherwife, his majefty (hall judge to be proper ob- compafiionate jeds of charity ; or to the widows or children of fuch officers, lift, according to fuch warrant or warrants, under his Majefty’s jroyal fign manual, as (hall be figned in that behalf; any thing

I i 4	in

Exchequer bills, tickets, orders, c\rc.

loft or deftnav R

on affidavit made thereof before the barons of the Exchequer,

Anno decimo none Georgii II. c. 31.	[1746.

in this ad or the faid former ad to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

XXX, And ivhereas feveral bills, commonly called exchequer bills, fever al ticket s, commonly called lottery tickets, jeveral orders and cert if cates made forth in lieu of the faid lottery tickets, and like wife for annuities of divers kinds, payable at or near the receipt of his Majefy s exchequer, as alfo fever al receipts of the cafoiers of the governor and company of the bank of England,

_ or jome of them, for money contributed there for the pur chafe of ed, &c* before annuities, transferrable in the booh of the faid governor and com-2 Aug. 174.6. pony, have, by cafualty or mifchance, been lojl burnt or otherivife defy oyed ; which exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders of the refpeflive denominations afore-Jaid, were made forth by and in purfuance of feveral ahts of parliament in that behalf; be it therefore enaded by the authority a-forefaid, That in all cafes where it (hall appear, by affidavit to be made before any of the barons of the Exchequer for the time being, (who (hall interrogate the deponent thereupon) to the fatis-fadion of fuch baron or barons, that any fuch exchequer bills, or any fuch tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, as aforefaid, before the firft day of Auguft, one thouland feven hundred and forty fix, have been, or are loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, or that there be good reafon to believe the fame have been burnt, loft, or otherwife deftroyed; it fhall and may be lawful for the refpedive officers and perfons appointed to iffue or make forth fuch exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, or to pay or difeharge the fame, or to iffue any monies due or payable thereon, upon producing a certificate from any of the faid barons, of fuch affidavit made before him (which affidavit the faid barons, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized to take ; and which certificate he or they are hereby required to make and grant, without fee or reward) and, on fecurity given to the faid refpedive officers and perfons, to their good liking, to indemnify them refpedively againft all other perfons whatfoever, for or concerning the monies fpecified in, or due upon, fuch refpedive bill or bills, ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, order or orders, they the faid perfons and officers refpedively, (hall, and are hereby required to make forth duplicates of the faid bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, and orders, at the requeft of the refpedive owners, and to pay and difeharge the fame, and all fuch intereft as is or (hall be due on any of them carrying intereft, or to make forth ftock, or transferrable annuities, in lieu of fuch receipts as he or they fhould have paid or difeharged, or made forth on the faid origi-the officers to nal bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other make forth orders, if the fame had been produced, and fhall be allowed all a^mentof11^ Payments> or fums °f money, in their refpedive act-belaid bills, counts ; and in all cafes where the figning of the commiffioners £c.	of his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer of Great

Britain for the time being, is neceffary for making the faid duplicates, or any of them effedual, for the purpofes aforefaid; it

is

snd a certificate produced.

and fecurity given,

Hosted by Google

4?9

1746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 32.

is hereby further ena6led, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners of his Majefty's treafury, or any three or more or them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to fign fuch duplicates accordingly.

CAP. XXXII.

An attfor amending the laws relating to bankrupts,

WHEREAS many perfons within the defcription of,\ and liable to the flatutes concerning bankrupts, frequently commit fecret atts of bankruptcy unknown to their creditors and other perfons, ivith ivhorn, in the courfe of trade, they have dealings and tranf-actions \ a?td after the committing thereof continue to appear publick-ly and carry on their trade and dealings, by buying and felling of goods and merchandizes, drawings accepting, and negotiating bills of exchange, and paying and receiving money on account thereof in the ufual voay of trade, and in the fqme open and publick manner as if they were folvent perfons, and had not beco?ne bankrupt; and whereas the permitting fuch fecret adds of bankruptcy to avoid and defeat payments, really and bona fide made in the cafes, and under the circumflances above mentioned, where the perfons receiving the fame had not notice of or ivere privy to fuch perfons having committed any adl of bankruptcy, will be a great difcouragcment to trade and commerce, and av prejudice to credit in general: be it therefore enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent After 290^0-parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That^r, 1746, from and after the twenty ninth day of Oftober, in the year of Creditors of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, no perfon i^^r^>trseI10fc who is or (ball be really and bona fide a creditor of any bankrupt, fun/tcTthe' for or in refpedt of goods really and botia fide fold to fuch bank- afllgnees. rupt, or for or in refped): of any bill or bills of exchange really and bona fide drawn, negotiated, or accepted by fuch bankrupt, in the ufual and ordinary courfe of trade and dealing, (hall be liable to refund or repay to the afiignee or afTignees of fuch Monies rebankrupt's eftate, any money which, before the fuing forth of ceived before fuch commiflion, was really and bona fide, and in the ufual and notice of inordinary courfe of trade and dealing, received by fuch perfon 0f ftiveticy, any fuch bankrupt, before fuch time as the perfon receiving the fame fliall know, underfland, or have notice that he is become a bankrupt, or that he is in infolvent circumflances.	„

II. And whereas merchants, and other traders, frequently lend money on bottom-ree, or at refpondentia, and in the courfe of their trade frequently caufe their Jhips or veffels, and the goods and merchandizes loaded thereon, to be infured; and ivhereas commiffions of bankruptcy have iffued againft the obligor in fuch bottom-ree, dr refpondentia bond, or the under-writer, or ajjurer in fuch affurance, before the lofs of the jhip or goods, in fuch bond or policy of injurance mentioned, hath happened, it hath been made a quejlion, Whether the obligee or obligees in fuch bond, or the ajfured in fuch policy of infur-ance, fhmld be let in to prove their debts, or be admitted to have any

Hosted by Google

49°

Obligees in bottom-ree, &c. admitted to claim

Dividends.

Bankrupts di {'charged from debts on policy of insurance, Uc.

Anno decimo nono GeoRgii II. c. 33, 34:	[1746.

benefit or dividend under filch commijfion> which may be a difcourage-merit to trade: for remedy whereof be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of October, the obligee in any bottom-ree or refpondentia bond, and the allured in any policy of infurance, made and entered into upon a good and valuable confideration, bona fide, fhall be admitted to claim ; and after the lofs or contingency (hall have happened, to prove his, her, or their debt and demands in re-fpedl of fuch bond or policy of infurance, in like manner as if the lofs or contingency had happened before the time of the if-fuing of the commiffion of bankruptcy againft fuch obligor, or infurer; and (hall be intitled unto, and fhall have and receive a proportionable part, (hare, and dividend of fuch bankrupt’s e-ftate, in proportion to the other creditors of fuch bankrupt, in like manner as if fuch lofs or contingency had happened before fuch commiffion iffiued; and all and every perfon or perfons a-gainft whom, from and after the faid twenty ninth day of Ofto-her, any commiffion of bankruptcy (hall be awarded, fhall be difcharged of and from the debt or debts owing by him, her, or them, on every fuch bond and policy of infurance, as aforefaid, and (hall have the benefit of the feveral ftatutes now in force a-gainft bankrupts, in like manner to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch lofs or contingency had happened, and the money due in refpedt chereof, had become payable, before the time of the if-fuing of fuch commiffion.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to indemnify perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices, employments, and promotions, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe. EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for the further punifhment of perfons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or excife ; and for indemnifying offenders againft thofie laws, upon the terms in this aft mentioned; and for relief of officers of the cuftoms in informations upon feizures.

WHEREAS divers diffolute perfons have affociated themfelves, and entered into confederacies to fupport one another, and have appeared in great gangs in feveral parts of this kingdom, carrying fire-arms, or other offcnfive weapons ; and when fo affembled, have been aiding and affifing in running, landing, or carrying a-way prohibited or uncuftomed goods, or goods liable to duties of ex cife > or in the illegal relanding of any goods, or merchandizes, ivhicb have been Jhipped or exported upon debenture or certificate, or in refuing the fame after feizure, or in obftrufting the officers of the revenue in the execution of their office, to the great difcouragement of the fair trader, and the lofs of the publick revenue: and whereas feveral officers of the cuftoms and excife, and their affiftants, have been wound-emaimed, and feme of them killed, when in tpe execution of their 2	office^

Hosted

d by Google

1746.] Anno decuno ncno Georgii II. c. 34.	491

office, or othenvife, by the faid diffi'olute perfons, fo affiociated and affembled as aforefaid, to the great terror of his Maj fly's peaceablefub-jedls in defiance of the laws, and to the utter fubverfion of all civil authority and power zvkatfoever: for remedy of which many and great inconveniencies, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Armed per-fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia- Tons to the ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any number of perfons, to the number of three, or more, armed with fire-arms, bied^affifiT or other offenfive weapons, {hail, from and after the twenty \n tjie illegal fourth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven exporting or hundred and torty fix, be affembled, in order to be aiding and running of affifting in the illegal exportation of wool, or other goods pro- Soods> &c# hibited to be exported, or the carrying of wool, or other fuch. goods, in order to fuch exportation, or in the running, landing, or carrying away prohibited or uncufiomed goods, or goods liable to pay any duties, which have not been paid or fecured ; or in the illegal relanding of any goods whatfoever, which have been (hipped or exported upon debenture or certificate; or in refcuing or taking away the fame, after feizure, from any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, or other his Majeffy’s revenue, or other perfon or perfons employed by him or them, or affifting him or them, or from the place where they (hall be lodged by him or them ; or in refcuing any perfon who (hall be apprehended for any of the offences made felony by this or any 'Other adt, relating to the revenues of cuftoms or excife ; or in preventing the apprehending any perfon, who {hall be guilty of any fuch offence; or in cafe any perfons, to the number of three, or more, fo armed as aforefaid, (hall, after the faid twenty fourth day of July, be fo aiding or affifting, or if any perfon fhail, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of July aforefaid, have his face blacked, or wear any vizard mafk, or other difguife, when paffing with fuch goods, or fhail forcibly hinder, obftrudt, affault, oppofe, or refill any of the officers of the cuftoms or excife, or other his Majefty’s revenue, in the feizing or fecurlng any fuch goods; or if any perfon or perfons, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of July, in the year aforefaid,

(hall maim, or dangeroufty wound any officer of the cuftoms or excife, or any other his Majefty’s revenue, in his attempting to go on board any {hip or veffel, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or fhoot at, maim, or dangeroufty wound him when on board fudh fhip or veffel, and in the due execution of his office or duty, then every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convidled, fhail be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhail fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of Tony without clergy; and that all and every perfon and perfons, \Vho fhail at clergy, any time be convidled of any the offences aforementioned, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall, for every $cotiand. fuch offence, incur and fuffer the pains of death, and confifca-tion of moveables,

II. And,

or appearing in difguife with fuch goods, or who {liall refill, &c. officers in the execution of their duty.

Eruiltv of fe-

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

492

Perfons charged upon oath with offences againlt this aft.

the juft ice, &c. to certify the information to one of the fecretaries of ftate.

who is to lay the fame before the King in council;

orders to be made for the offender's furrendering in 4.0 days 5

and commitment without bail.

Order to be publilhed in two fucceilive Gazettes, and tranfmitted to the fheriff, who dial I proclaim thefame.

Copy to be affixed in the market-towns.

Offenders not iimendering, &c.

Anno declmo nono Georgii II. c. 34.	[1746.

II. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy bringing the offenders againft this aft to juftice, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall be charged with being guilty of any of the offences aforefaid, before any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, or before one of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of King’s Bench, if the offence be committed in England ; or before the lord juftice general, or one of the lords of judiciary, or any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace in Scotland, if the offence be committed in Scotland; by information of one or more credible perfon or <per-fons, upon oath, by him or them to be fubfcribed, fuch juftice of the peace, or juftice of the King’s Bench, or lord juftice general lord juftice clerk, or lord of judiciary refpeftively, before whom fuch information fhall be made as aforefaid, (hall forthwith certify under his hand and feal, and return fuch information to one of the principal fecretaries of date of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, who is hereby required to lay the fame, as foon as conveniently may be, before his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in his or their privy council; whereupon it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, to make his or their order, in his or their faid privy council, thereby requiring and commanding fuch offender or offenders to furrender him orthemfelves within the fpace of forty days after the firft publication thereof in the Lo?idon Gazette, to the lord chief juftice* or any other of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of King’s Bench, or to anyone of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, if the offence be committed in England, or to any of the lords of judiciary, or to any one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace in Scotland, if the offence be committed in Scotland; who is hereby required, upon fuch offender or offenders furrendering him or themfelves, to commit him or them, without bail or mainprize, to the county gaol, or to the gaol or prifon of the place where he or they fhall fo furrender, to the end that he or they may be forthcoming to anfwer the offence or offences wherewith he or they fhall ftand charged according to due courfe of law ; which order the clerks of his Majefty’s privy council fhall caufe to be forthwith printed and published in the two fucceilive London Gazettes, and to be forthwith tranfmitted to the fheriff of the county where the offence fhall be committed, who fhall, within fourteen days after the receipt thereof, caufe the fame to be proclaimed within the hours of ten in the morning, and two in the afternoon, in the market-places, upon the refpeeftive market-days of two market towns in the fame county, near to the place where fuch offence fhall have been committed ; and a true copy of fuch order fhall be affixed upon fome publick place in fuch market-towns : and in cafe fuch offender or offenders fhall not furrender him or them*** felves, purfuant to fuch order of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, to be made in council as aforefaid, he or they, fo neglecting or refufing to furrender him or themfelves as aforefaid, or efcaping after fuch furrender, fhall, from the day appointed

Hosted by Google

493

1746*] Anho declmo nono Georgii II. c. 34.

for his or their furrender as aforefaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted and attainted of felony, and fhall fuf-fer pains of death, as in cafes of a perfon convicted and attainted by verdidl and judgement of felony, without benefit of cler- ^econ gy, if the offence be charged to have been committed in Eng- ri&edof felo-land\ and (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be con- ny without vidled of a capital crime, and fhall fuffer the pains of death, clergy, and confifcation of moveables, as in cafe of a perfon found guilty of a capital crime, and under fentence for the fame, if the offence be charged to have been committed in Scotland; and that it fhall be lawful to and for the court of King's Bench or thejuf- j^;n *s tices of Oyer and Terminer, or general gaol delivery for thecoun- Bench, or ju-ty or place where .fuch perfon fhall be, to award execution ftices of Oyer againft fuch offender and offenders, in fuch manner as if he or andTerminer, they had been convidled and attainted in the faid court of King's ^‘cution^ Bench, or before fuch juftices of Oyer and Terminer, or general gaol delivery refpedtively, if the offence be charged to have been committed in England and that it fhall *be lawful for the court of jufticiary, or the lords of jufticiary, in their circuits, to award execution againft fuch offender and offenders, in fuch manner as if he or they had been found guilty and condemned in the faid court of jufticiary, or in the circuit refpedtively.

III.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all

and every perfon and perfons who fhall, after the time appoint- Perfons hared as aforefaid for the furrender of any perfon or perfons fo bouring, &c. charged upon oath with any of the offences aforefaid, fhall be expired, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or fuccour, fuch potnted^or" perfon or perfons, knowing him or them to have been fo charged their furren-as aforefaid, and to have been required to furrender him or them- der. felves by fuch order or orders as aforefaid, and not to have fur-rendered purfuant to fuch order or orders, being profecuted for the fame, within one year after the offence committed, and lawfully convi&ed thereof, fhall be guilty of felony ; and fhall be tranfported as a felon or felons to fome or one of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, there to remain for the fpace of feven years, in the fame manner as felons are appointed to be tranfported by an a£t made in the fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, of glorious memory, intitu- 4Geo. i. c. n. led, An act for the further preventing robbery, burglary, arid other felonies, and for the more effectual tranfportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of ivooll; and for declaring the law upon fome points relating to pirates; and by another act made in the fixth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An aft for the better 6Geo.i.c. *3. preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies; and for the more effectual tranfportation of felons; and if any fuch offender or offenders fhall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the expira- and returning tion of the faid term, contrary to the intent and meaning before the hereof, he or they fo returning, fhall fuffer as felons, and have execution awarded againft them, as perfons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared and en-

adbd.

Hosted by Google

494

Magistrates, &c. may le-cure and proceed againft offenders by the ordinary courfe of law.

Offences wher;e to be tried.

Anno decirno nono Georgii II. c.	f 1746.

acted* That nothing.herein contained* Shall be conftrued to prevent or hinder any judge, juftice of the peace, magistrate, officer, or minister of juftice whatfoever, from taking, apprehend^ ing, and'Securing fuch offender Qr offenders, againft whom fuch information (ball be given, and for requiring whofe Surrender fuch order in council (hall be made as aforefaid, by the ordinary courfe of law ; and in cafe fuch offender or offenders, againft whom inch information, and for requiring whofe Surrender fuch order in council Shall be made as aforefaid, fliall be taken and Secured, in order to be brought to juftice, before the time fliall be expired, within which he or they Shall be required to Surrender him or themfelves by fuch order in council as aforefaid ; that then, in fuch cafe, no further proceedings Shall be had upon fuch order made in council againft him or them fo taken and Secured as aforefaid; but he or they Shall be brought to trial by due courfe of law; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

V. And for the better and more impartial trial of any indictment or information which Shall be found, commenced or profe-cuted, for any of the offences madefelonyby this or any other aft relating to the revenues of cuftoms or excife, beit enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch offence fliall and may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined, in any county within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, in fuch manner and form as if the fact had been therein commit-

. ted : provided, that no attainder for any of the offences made fe-nc^^o^ffeft61,1ony by virtue of this aft, fliall make or work any corruption corruption of °f blood, lofs of dower, or forfeiture of lands or tenements, blood, &c. VI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if or forfeiture. any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, or other perfons IS officers, See. being employed in the Seizing, conveying, or Securing any wooil, be wounded or other goods forfeited, on account of their being prohibited or °r killed m uncuftomed goods, or on account of the duties chargeable thereon Seizing wooil, not having been paid or Secured, or by virtue of any law made to prevent the exportation of wooil, or other goods, or in endeavouring to apprehend any offender againft this aft, Shall be beat, orfecuringof- wounded, maimed, or killed by any offender againft this aft, fenders, or the Said wooil, or other goods fo feizea, fliall be refeued by or the goods perfons fo armed as aforefaid ; in all fuch cafes relpeftively, the die'countr^to ^habitants of every rape or lath, in fuch counties as are divid-makegoodfthe e<I mto raP^s or laths, and in every other county the inhabitants damages j of every hundred where fuch fails (hall be committed, within that part of Great Britain called England, Shall make full Satisfaction and amends for all the damages which fuch officers or perfons, lhall refpeftively Suffer by fuch beating, wounding, and maiming refpeftively, and by the lofs of fuch goods fofeiz-20oh for each ed and refeued, and (hall alfo pay the Sum of one hundred perSon killed, pounds for each perfon fo killed, to the executors or administrators of fuch officers, or other perfon fo killed as aforefaid ; and that fuch refpeftive officers and other perfons, and their Said executors and administrators, lhall be and are hereby enabled to

Sue

Hosted by

Google

1746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii IT. c.34.	495

fue far and recover fuch their damages, fo as the fum to be recovered for any fuch beating, wounding, or maiming, (hall not For beating exceed forty pounds, nor for the lots of the goods two hundred &c-pounds, againft the inhabitants of the faid rape or lath, in fuch toods^oh counties as are divided into Tapes or laths; and in every other b > county the inhabitants of every hundred, who by this adt fhall be made liable to anfwer all or any part thereof; and that if fuch perfon or perfons fhall recover in fuch action, all the inhabitants of the rape or lath in fuch counties as are divided into rapes or laths, and ir> every other county the inhabitants of every hundred, who by this adl fhall be made liable to all or any part of the faid damage or fum, (hall be ratable and pro-	,

portionably taxed and affeffed for and towards payment of the J^bly taxed, damages and colts to be recovered by the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action to be brought upon this adl, and alfo of all juft and neceffary expences in defending fuch adlion; which taxa- and levied as tion and affeffment fhall be made, levied, and paid by the ways by 8 Geo. %. and mean, and in the manner and form prefcribed for the levy-c- l6* ing and paying damages and cofts recovered againft inhabitants of hundreds in cafes of robberies, and for the levying and paying the juft and neceffary expences in defending any adlion to be brought for fuch damages, in and by an adl (intituled. An adl for the amendment of the law relating to actions on the Jiatute of hue and cry) made in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and by fo much of any former law relating to adlion s againft hundreds, in cafe of robberies, as is not repealed or altered by the faid a 61; and that if any plaintiff or plaintiffs in any adlion to be brought upon this adl, (hall be nonfuited, or fhall (fthe plaintiff difcontinue his, her, or their adlion; or if in fuch adlion, judg-ment on demurrer, or verdidt (hall be given againft him, her, tjie defence or them, the charges neceffarily expended in defending fuch ac- See. to belevi-tion, over and above the cofts in thofe cafes to be taxed, and al- as the aft fo the taxed cofts, in cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs be infolvent, direfts.

(hall be levied by fuch taxation and affeffment, and fhall be paid in fuch manner, as in the like cafes fuch charges and cofts in adtions brought upon the faid adt are thereby directed to be levied and paid ; and that every adlion to be brought upon this adl fhall be profecuted in like manner as adlions upon the faid adl of the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty are diredted to be profecuted.

VII. Provided neverthelefs, That no perfon or perfons fhall Notice t . recover any damages by virtue of this adl, for any fuch beating, pivenVithin wounding, maiming, or lofs of goods, unlefs he or they fhafl, £ days of the within four days after fuch damage or injury, caufe notice to be injury receive given of fuch offence being committed, unto two or more of the e^* inhabitants of fome town, village, or hamlet, near to the place where fuch fadt (hall have been committed, and (hall, within eight days after fuch fadt, declare, by examination upon oath, a°d examina-before fome juftice of the peace for the county, liberty, or divi- *10n within s (ion where the fame was committed, which examination every fuch juftice lhall be obliged to take, whether he or they fo examined,

Hosted by GoOglC

496

Recognizance, &c. to prole-cute.

No fatisfa&ion to be made if the offender be convicted in 6 months.

A&ions to be brought within i year.

Perfons apprehending, &c. an offender.

to be paid

5°°1.

by the com-miffioners of the revenue, who are to ad-juft the claim-ers rights.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 34.'	[1746^

amined, do know the perfon or perfons who committed fuch fa6t, or any of them ; and if upon fuch examination it be declared, that he or they knew the perfon or perfons" who committed the fame, or any of them, then he or they fhall be bound by recognizance to profecute fuch offender or offenders according to law ; and that no fuch perfon or perfons fhall recover any damages by virtue of this a£l, unlefs he or they fhall, over and befides the laid notice and recognizance herein before required, give fuch notice, and enter into fuch recognizance, as perfons robbed are, by the laid act of the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majeffy, directed to give and enter into, in order to enable them to maintain adtions upon the fa id a<5t.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That where any offender fhall be apprehended and ‘convicted of fuch offence, wifhin the fpace of fix calendar months after the offence committed, no hundred, rape, or lath, or any inhabitant thereof, (hall be in any wife fubjedt to make any fatisfadtion for fuch damages, or to pay the faid one hundred pounds to the executors or adminiftrators of fuch killed perfon.

IX.	Provided alfo, That no perfon fhall be entitled to bring any adtion againft the inhabitants of any hundred, rape, or lath, for any the matters aforefaid, unlefs the fame fhall be commenced within one year after the offence committed.

X.	And for the better difcovering and apprehending the faid offender or offenders in that part of Great Britain called England, who fhall have been advertized as aforefaid, and fhall not have furrendered him or themfelves within forty days as afore directed, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of Julyy in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, all and every perfon and perfons, who fhall apprehend and take, or difcover, fo that he may be taken, any perfon in that part of Great Britain called England, fo ad-vertifedas aforefaid, who fhall have not furrendered himfelf within forty days as aforefaid, and caufe him to be brought before the lord chief juftice of the court of King's Bench> or before any one of the jufticesof the faid court, or anyone of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for London or Middlefex (who is hereby required to commit fuch perfon totheprifonof Neiv(gate for fuch felony) fhall have and receive, for every fuch perfon who fhall be fo apprehended, thefum of five hundred pounds, to be paid within one month after execution Tall be awarded againft fuch offenderfo apprehended and committed as aforefaid, by the commiflioners of the cuf-toms or excife refpedlively, who are hereby required to receive the applications of all fuch who are concerned in fuch difcovering or apprehending fuch offender, and determine who are entitled to the faid reward, and their refpedfive Tares and proportions thereof ; and the fame fhall be divided amongft fuch perfons as aforefaid, in fuch Tares and proportions, as to the faid commiflioners of the cuftoms or excife refpedlively, .or to the major part of them Tall feem reafonable j and if any fuch offender

Hosted by

Google

1746 ] Anno decimo nono GeoRGII II. c. 34,'	497

fenHer ag.iihft whom no fufch order of council (hall have been Offenders dif-made, fhall himfelf fo difcover or apprehend any other offender,^0^111^ againft whom fuch order fhall have been made, he fhall be dif- , charged and acquitted of fuch his own offence, and all other the to be acquit-like offences then before committed, and for which no profecu-ted> tion fhall have been then commenced, and fhall alfo have his (hare of the reward ; and if any perfon or perfons fhall happen and have a to lofe a limb, or an eye, or be otnerwife grievoufly maimed or fhare_of the wounded in the apprehending, or endeavouring to apprehend, or making purfuit after fuch offender or offenders ; all and every funded in perfon or perfons fo wounded and maimed as aforefaid fhall, apprehending upon application to the commiffioners of the cuftoms or excife offenders, refpecftively, as aforefaid, have and receive the fum of fifty to be paid 50I* pounds, over and above any other reward that he or they may be intitled to as an apprehender by virtue of this acl; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall happen to be killed in the taking or apprehending, or endeavouring to apprehend, or in making purfuit after any fuch offender or offenders, that then the executors or adminiftrators of fuch perfon or perfons fo killed as aforefaid, upon application to the commiffioners of the cuftoms or excife refpedfively as aforefaid, and laying fufficient proof before them, of fuch perfon being killed as aforefaid, fhall have and receive the fum of one hundred pounds 5 all which rewards before mentioned fhall be paid to the feveral and ancj executors refpedlive perfons, who fhall become intitled thereto .as afore- of perfons kil-faid, by the receiver general of the cuftoms, or cafhier of the led, 100. excife refpedlively, upon an order diredted to them for that purpofe by the commiffioners of the cuftoms or excife ; and the money paid by fuch receiver general, or cafhier, as aforefaid, fnall be accepted of, and allowed in his accounts as fo much money paid to his Majefty ; and every fuch officer fhall be hereby difcharged thereof accordingly ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI,	And be it further enabled, That if any of the faid offender or offenders in that part of Great Britain, called England, Offenders dif.* at any time before his Majefty’s order in council fhall be made covering, requiring him or them to furrender him or themfelves within twoor ™ore -v the fpace of forty days as aforefaid, fhall difcover two or more of accomPllces* his, her, or their accomplices therein, to the commiffioners of the cuftoms or excife in Englaitd refpebtively, and apprehend them, or caufe them to be apprehended, fo as they, or two of them at leaft, be brought to juftice, and convibted of fueh offence, the offender or offenders fo difcovering, fhall have and receive the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offender fo difco-vered and convicted, as a reward for fuch his, her, or their dif- tQ rece*ve 0j covery ; and every fuch perfon lb difcovering fhall be clearly ac- 1	*	*

quitted and difcharged of fuch his, her, or their offence, and all other the like offences then before committed, for which no pro- and be ac-fecution fhall have been then commenced : which faid reward quitted, fhall be paid in fuch manner as herein before is mentioned, with xefpebl to the reward for apprehending,

Vol. XVIIL	Kk	XII. Pro-

Hosted by Google

Provifo for bail.

Offenders before 24. June, 174-6.

acquitted. See

if before 29 Sept. 1746, they enter as common fail-

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c.34.	[1746.

XII.	Provided always, That nothing in this a<5t contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftrain his Majef-ty’s court of King's Bench, or any of the judges thereof, or the court of jufticiary in Scotland, or any of the judges thereof ref-pecftively, from bailing any p£rfon committed for felony by virtue of this a6t, and not conviefted or attainted thereof as afore-faid, in fuch manner as they may by law do in other cafes of fe* lony.

XIII.	And whereas at the fame time that the laws ?nade forfecur-big the revenues of cuftoms and excife are enforced for the future, by new penalties and provifions, which for the fake of the fair trader, the fecurity of the publick revenuethe quiet and fafety of the king-dom, and the honour and dignity of government, ought mojl rigoroufly and ftriftly to be put in execution, it may be proper to pardon many of thofe vaho have heretofore been guilty of fuch illegal practice;, and put it in their poiver to make feme atonement for their offences, and feme return for the clemency extended to them, by ferving his Majejly and their country aboard the fleet; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon who, before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, (hall have been guilty of illegal running, landing, unfhipping, concealing, receiving, or carrying any wooll, prohibited goods, wares or merchandizes, or any foreign goods liable to the payment of the duties of cuftoms or excife, the fame duties not having been paid or fecured, or of aiding or affifting therein, or (hall have been armed with fire-arms, or other offenfive arms or weapons, in order to be aiding or afftfting any fuch offenders or have been guilty of refeuing fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, or fuch foreign goods as aforefaid, where duties had not been paid or fecured, after feizure from the officers of the cuftoms or excife, or of any a6t or matter whatfoever, whereby per-fons may be deemed and taken to be runners of foreign goods and commodities, within the intent and meaning of any law now in force ; or of hindering,, oppofing, obftrudting, wounding, or beating, any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife in the execution of his or their office or duty, or of aiding or affifting therein, fhall be, and are, by the authority of this pre-fent a6t, acquitted, indemnified, releafed, and difeharged againft the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and any officer or

^ officers of the cuftoms or excife, and every of them, and all and * every other perfon and perfons, of and from all and every the faid offences, concerning which no fuit or information, or pro-fecution fhall have been commenced, or compofition made, before the faid twenty fourth day of June, upon the following terms and conditions (that is to fay) That he do, before he fhall be apprehended for the fame, and before the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, enter himfelf with fome commiffion officer of his Majefty’s fleet, to ferve as a common failor in the faid fleet, and do, for one year at leaft, from the time of fuch entry, actually and bona fide ferve

and

Hosted by Google

*746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 34,	499

and do duty as fucb in the faid fleet; and (hall alfo, before the ors h the faid twenty ninth day of September, regifter his name, employ-^eetf ment, and ufual place of abode, with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion where he refides, in a book which is hereby directed to be kept by the faid clerk among the records of the feffions for the faid county, riding, or divifion, for this purpofe, and (hall (ign fuch regifter, fignifying that he claims the benefit of this a<5t, and that he has entered himfelf with a certain commiflion officer, by name,- of his Majefty’s fleet, to ferve as a common failor \ which entry (hall be made in the following form ;

A. B. of	claims	the	benefit	of	an	act	of	the	nineteenth

year of the reign of his Majefly King George the Second, and has en- porm'0f tered himfelf with a commijjion officer of his Majefly s fleets and has entry. regifiered his name in the book kept by the clerk of the peace of this county, ridings or divifion, this	day	of	purfuant

to the directions of the faid a51.

For which entry or regifter there (hall be p^id to the clerk of the peace of fuch county, riding, or divifion/ one (hilling, and no more ; and that the laid clerks of the peace (hall immediate- Fee f°r entI7* ly after the faid twenty ninth day of September, tranfmit to the1 ' commiflioners of the cuftoms and excife an exadl account of all Clerks of the the perfons who have, by fuch entry or regifter as aforefaid, in- trTnfinit the titled themfelves to claim the benefit of this a6t.	entry.

XIV.	Provided always, That every perfon who (hall make

fuch entry, and claim the benefit of this prefent adl as aforefaid Perfons claim-and (hall afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the like of- ing under this fences as thofe herein before mentioned, or hereby intended to	and °f'.

be acquitted, releafed, or difcharged, or (hall at any time after	inSagain*

defert from the faid lervice, or within the faid year procure his difcharge therefrom, fhall be fubjedt and liable to be profecuted, not only for or in refpedt of fuch new offence, but fhall alfo be liable to dou-fubjedt and liable to all the fame pains, penalties, and forfei- ble profecu-tures, as he would have incurred, or been fubjedt or liable totlon* in cafe this indemnity had never been given ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftand/ng.

XV.	Provided alfo, That if any officer of his Majefty’s navy

(hall by falfe mufter or certificate, or by any other collufive or penalty on evafive ways or means whatfoever, fuffer or permit fuch perfon falfe mailers, to avoid the adlual fervice as aforefaid, fuch perfon fhall not only lofe the benefit of this adl, but every fuch officer (hall fuffer the penalty of five hundred pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any information (hall be commenced and brought Coils, &c not to trial, on account of the feizure of any (hip as forfeited for il- to be given to legally carrying goods, or of any wool), goods, wares, or mer- defendant, chandizes, as prohibited or uncuftomed, or illegally carried or ^as^probable exported, or intended or attempted to be exported, or as illegal- caupe of

K k 2	ly	feizure.

Hosted by Google

500	Anno	decimo nono Georgii II. c. 35*	1746*}

ly relanded after having been fhipt or exported upon debenture or certificate, wherein a verdidt (hall be found for the claimer The judge thereof, and it (hall appear to the judge or court before whom &all certify, the fame (ball be tried, that there was a probable caufe of feizure, the judge or court before whom the faid information fhall be tried, fhall certify on the record, that there was a probable caufe for the profecutor’s feizing the faid {hip or goods ; and in fuch cafe, the defendant (hall not be entitled to any cofts of fuit whatfoever, nor fhall the perfons who feized the faid (hip or goods be liable to any adlion, indidlment, or other fuit or profecution on account of fuch feizure; and that in cafe any adlion, indidhnent, or other profecution, fhall be commenced and brought to trial againft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, on account of the feizure of any fuch {hip, or of any wooll, goods, wares, or merchandizes, as prohibited or uncuftomed, or as illegally carried or exported, or intended or attempted to be exported, or illegally relanded as aforefaid, wherein a verdidt fhall be given againft the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge, before whom fuch adlion or profecution (hall be tried, fhall certify on the faid record, that there was a probable caufe for fuch feizure, then the plaintiff, befides his fhip or goods fo feized, or the value thereof, fhall not be entitled to above two Damages ad. pence damages, nor to any cofts of fuit, nor ihall the defendant ne> 1S* in fuch profecution be fined above one fhilling.

Thisaft to be XVII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, m force for	That this adt {hall continue in force for the fpace of feven years,

^Contbmed by	an^ frotn thence to the end of the next fe{fion of parliament.

^6 Geo. 2.	CAP.	XXXV.

c, 32.

An aft more effeftually to prevent the frauds and ahufes committed in the admeafurement cf coals within the city and liberty of Weft min fter, and that part of the dutchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and the feveral parifloes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and fuch part of the parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies m the county of Midalefex.

2 Ge WHEREAS m any.frauds and abufes are daily committed in the c\(>e0' Zt V V admcafure??ie?it of coals, and in, and relating to the coat trade, ivithin the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and that part of the dutchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and in the pari ft: of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and fuch part of the parijh of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlefex, not-ivithjlanding the laws now in force for the regulation of the coal trade : for remedy thereof, be it enadled by the King’s moll: excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in tins prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, there fhall be erected and continued, within the city and liberty of Wejhninjler, one publick office,

which

Hosted by Google

1746*] Anno decimo nonoGEORGli II. c. 35.	50r

which fliall be called by the name of The Land Coal-meters office, Land coaj-

for the city and liberty of IVeJlminJler; which faid office fhall

from time to time be managed by two perfons, to be nomi- Weftmin-

nated and appointed by his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelTors ; fter, and two

which faid two perfons, fo to be nominated and appointed, managers to

(hail be called and known by the name of The principal Land be appointed

Coal-meters for the city and liberty of Weftminfter ; and fuch of-	^°*

fice, after ere&ed, (hall be kept open every day (Sundays ex- Their title.

cepted) from the twenty fifth day of March, to the twenty ninth

day of September yearly, during the continuance of this a6l,

from the hour of five till twelve in the forenoon, and from the Office hours.

hour of one till eight in the afternoon ; and from the twenty

ninth day of September, to the twenty fifth day of March yearly,

during the continuance of this ad, from the hour of feven till

twelve in the forenoon, and from the hour of one till fix in

the afternoon.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Principals to no perfon or perfons (hall be capable of ading as one of the be fworn. principal land coal-meters, until he or they fhall, before two or more of his faid Majefty’s juftiees of the peace for the faid city and liberty of Wefminjler (who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame) take an oath in the words following ; to wit,

I A. B. do fwear, That I will truly and faithfully, according to 03tjla the befl of my judgement and ability, execute the office of one of the principal land coal-nieters for the city and liberty of Weftminfier, and for that part of the dutchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and for the feveralparifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and for fuch part of the pariflo of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county <?/Middlefex.

'	So	help	me God.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Pnncj'pa*s to That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid principal appoint la-land coal-meters, or any one or more of them, and they or bouring coal-any one or more of them, are and is hereby authorized to meter3i appoint a fufficient number of perfons to be labouring coal-meters within the faid city and liberty, and the aforefaid part of the faid dutchy of Lancajler, and in the faid parifhes, and in the aforefaid part of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, one of which faid labouring coal-meters fhall attend every day tobeftation-(Sundays excepted) at fuch of the coal wharfs, wharehoufes, ored. other places of fale, within the faid city and liberty, and in the aforefaid part of the faid dutchy of Lancajkr, and in the faid parifhes, and the aforefaid part of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, at which he (hall be Rationed by the principal land coal-meters, or any one or more of them, from the twenty fifth day of March, to the twenty ninth day of September, year-Hours ly, during the continuance of this a£f, from the hour of five tendance ~ till twelve in the forenoon, and from the hour of one till eight in the afternoon $ and from the twenty ninth day of September,

K k 3	tQ

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 35.	f 1746^-

to the twenty fifth day of March yearly, during the continuance of this adt, from the hour of feven till twelve in the forenoon, and from the hour of one till fix in the afternoon, to meafure out the coals which fhall, from time to time, be fold at any of thefaid wharfs or warehoufes, where fuch labouring coal-meters fhall be fo ftationed as aforefaid.

To be fworn. IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons fhall be capable of adting as one of the labouring coal-meters to be appointed as aforefaid, until he or they fhall, before two or more of his faid Majefty’sjuftices of the peace for the faid city and liberty of Weft minfter (who is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame) take an oath in the words following ; to wit.

The oath. T A, B. do fwear, That I will duly and faithfully, to the heft of J. my fkill and knowledge, execute the office of one of the labouring coal-meters for the faid city and liberty of Weftminfter, and for that part of the dutchy fl/'Lancafter adjoining thereto, and for the feveral parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and for Saint Mary le Bon, and for fuch part of the parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlefex ; and will well and trulyy according to the be ft of my fkill and'judgement, meafure coals between buyer and felkr, without favour or ill-wilL

So help me God.

juftices to certify the oaths.

Penalty of

breaking

bulk.

Stations to be varied.

Pool meafure. he.

And the faid juftices refpedlively, who fhall adminifter the faid oaths hereby directed, are hereby required to certify the taking thereof to the next general quarter feffions of the peace, to be held for the faid county of Middlefex, .after the taking of fuch oaths refpedlively, there to remain on record.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if any lighterman, or other perfon, after coals (hall have been delivered on board any lighter or craft from out of any fhip, (hall break bulk, before the time of delivery at the wharf, in theab-fence of a meter, or of the confumer, or of his agent (in cafes where the meter is not hereby obliged to attend the delivery) the perfon fo offending in this refpedl fhall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

VI.	And, in order to prevent confederacy, be it enadled. That the fiations to be appointed to and for the faid labouring coal-meters, at the faid wharfs, (hall be varied in fuch manner as the principal coal-meters, or any one or more of them (hall think fit.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That all contradls and agreements to be made at any time, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of September, for any quantity of coals to be delivered within the faid city and liberty of Wejl min fter, or the afore*-faid part of the faid dutchy, or the faid parifhes, or the aforefaid part of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, diredtly from any lighter, or other craft, to the confumer (not being lefs than five chaldror ) (hall be for pool meafure, including the in-

graii*

/

Hosted by Google

503

1746.3	Anno decimo nonoGEoRGH II. c. 35.

grain of one chaldron in every fcore, according to the ancient cuftom of the port of London, and fhall be fo underftood between the feller and buyer, though the term of pool meafgre may be omitted in any written or verbal contrail or agreement for that purpofe.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, p00j meafure That all coals which (hall, at any time from and after the faid &c. to be twenty fourth day of September, be delivered as and for pool loaded fepa-meafure at any wharf within the faid city and liberty, or the rateJ7*

faid part of the faid dutchy, (hall be loaded feparately in the craft, together with the ingrain thereto belonging, and fhall be fo filled and delivered from thence, without being meafured by the bufhel, unlefs the buyer delire to have the fame fo meafured.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That 0ne iabour. all coals which, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of ing coal-meter September, fhall be fold as and for wharf meafure, at any place to be prefent or places within the faid city and liberty, or the aforefaid part at wharf mea-of the faid dutchy, or the faid parifhes, or the aforefaid part oflure*

the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, (hall be meafured in the prefence of one of the faid labouring coal-meters, in fuch manner as is dire&ed in and by an a6t of parliament, made and pafled in the fixteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his 16 & 17 Car. late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for re- 2 caP- z* gulating the meafures and prices of coals ; and the faid labouring coal-meters (hall and may, and he and they is and are hereby	\

authorized and required, to fill up any bufhel or bufhels of coals, who is to fill as fhall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in mea- UP deficient fure, out of the (lock of coals of the perfon or perfons fo vend- mealure* ing or contracting for the fale of the faid coals.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, geller t That four pence by the chaldron for every chaldron which from per chab and after the faid twenty fourth day of September, fhall be fold dron.

and delivered at any wharf, warehoufe, or place, within the faid city and liberty of lVefminJlery or the aforefaid part of the faid dutchy, or the faid parifhes, or the aforefaid part of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, fhall be paid by the feller of fuch coals, to the principal land coal-meters for the time being, or to the labouring coal-meters, for the purpofes following ; that is to fay, one moiety thereof for the ufe of the principal coal-meters, as a recompence of their labour and trouble, and and for defraying the charges of their clerks, meffengers, houfe-rent, fire, candles, and all other expences incident to the execution of the office aforefaid ; and the other moiety for the ufe of the labouring coal-meters ; and thereupon fuch principal land coal-meters fhall, and they are hereby refpedtively required Meters togive to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to every feller of fuch coals, tickets, or the carman who (hall cart, lead, drive, or carry the fame, a paper-writing, or ticket, figned by the faid principal land coal-meters, or one or more of them, and counterfigned by the labouring cQal-meter attending and delivering the fame, in which (hall be contained as well the chriftian andfirname of therefpec-

Kk4	rive

Hosted by

Google

5°4	Anno	decimo nonO GEorgii II. C. 35,	[1746.

tive fellers, as of the confumers of the faid coals, the quantity and quality, the price per chaldron, and the day of the week, month, and year of the fales, delivery, and admeafurement, the amount of the metage charge, and the names of the carmen, or perfons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the fame coals ; which faid ticket being thus made complete, and jnetage paid, fhall be delivered unaltered by the labouring coal-meter counterfigning the fame, without delay, to the carman, or perfon employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the coals, described in fuch ticket, to the confumer therein named; which faid ticket-unaltered, the carman, or perfon therein named, to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the coals, in fuch ticket, deferibed, fhall, and they are hereby refpeblively requir-Tickets to be ed to deliver to the refpeblive confumers therein named, or to delivered to their agent or fervant who fhall attend to receive the coals def-the confumer crj^>ecj jn fuch ticket, for the ufe of fuch confumer ; and thereupon he, fhe, and they are hereby required to pay to the feller named in fuch ticket, the metage therein fpecified; and if the labouring coal-meter counterfigning fuch ticket, fhall, after payment of the metage charge in purfuance of this a6l, refufe to deliver fuch ticket as herein before directed, to the carman, or perfon employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the coals therein deferibed, fuch labouring coal-meter fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds ; and if fuch carman, or perfon employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the coals deferibed in fuch ticket, fhall (after the fame ticket fhall have been fo delivered to him by the labouring coal-meter counterfigning the fame) either alter or neglebt or refufe to deliver the fame ticket to the confumer therein named, or to the agent or fervant who (hall attend to receive the coals deferibed in fuch ticket, fuch carman, or perfon employed to cart, lead, or drive the coals deferibed in fuch ticket, fhall likewife forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds.

XI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if carts carrying any cart or carts loaded, or in which any quantity of coals, excoals without cee(]ing eight bufhels, fhall be fent or driven from any wharf, tickets, warehoufe, or place within the faid city and liberty of Wejbnln-

/Jer, or the aforefaid part of the faid dutchy, and parifhes aforefaid, or the aforefaid part of the faid parifh of Saint Andreiv, Holborn, without firft having obtained fuch ticket as aforefaid; that then, and in every fuch cafe, the vender of the faid coals, and the driver or leader of fuch cart, being convibled thereof by the oaths (or being by one of the people called ghiakerS) by affirmation) of two or more witneffes, before one or more of his Majefty’sju dices of the peace for the faid liberty of Wejlminfler, or county of Middlefe.x, and which he and they are hereby ref-pedlively anthorized and required to adminifter and take, fhall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the refpebtive fums following (to wit) the vender of fuch coals the fum of fifty pounds, and the driver of fuch cart the fum of five pounds.

XII.	And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That

Seller to be paid the metage.

Penalty on

refufal, Sec of tickets.

Penalty on

Hosted by Google

1746*] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 35.	505

That if any meter to be appointed by virtue or purfuance of Penalty on this add, jfhall deliver any falfe ticket, or wilfully make, or pro-? falfe tickets, .cure to be made, any falfe meafure, and be thereof convicted 01 meauie' by the oaths (or in cafe the teftimony in this refpeCt fhall be given by any of the people called Skulkers, affirmations) of any two or more credible witneffes, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid liberty or county (and who are hereby refpedtively required and authorized to adminifter and take the fame) fuch meters fhall refpedtively be, from and immediately after the time of fuch conviction, incapable of adding as a coal-meter in purfuance of this add, and forfeit the fum of five pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ,

That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of September, coal. meter to no coals, of or belonging to any dealer in coals, above the be prefent at quantity of eight bufhels, under and in performance of any one any quantity contract, fhall be fent and delivered from any wharf, warehoufe, ^^al^ove % or fcorehoufe, within the faid city and liberty of IVeJhmnjlcr, or the aforefaid part of the faid dutchy, or the faid parifhes, or the aforefaid part of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn (except in the prefence of one of fuch labouring coal-meters, in purfuance of the directions of this add) any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this

add (hall not extend to the owners of any works for railing wa- Exceptions, ter by fire, nor who at any time fhall have twenty chaldron of coals, or upwards, in any lighter or lighters, or other crafts, and who fhall not vend fuch coals, but that they fhall and may have twenty chaldron of coals, or more, delivered under the infpeCtion of their own agent (in the abfence of a meter) and in that cafe, fuch perfons are hereby refpeClively exempted from payment of any metage charge by virtue of this a Cl; but if fuch perfons (hall require the care or attendance of any meter, to be appointed in purfuance of this add, then, and in fuch cafe, they fhall pay the metage charge of four pence by the chaldron hereby laid, as other confumers of coals are hereby obliged or ought to do, in purfuance of this add ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any fuch labouring coal-meter (hall, from and after the Penalty on la-faid twenty fourth day of September, wittingly or willingly fuf- bouring coal-fer any coals, fold as and for wharf meafure (exceeding the ^Jtni/above quantity of eight bufhels) to be fent from any wharf or ware- 8 bufil^s tobe houfes within the faid city and liberty of IVe/hninJier, or the a- fold unmea-forefaid part of the faid dutchy, or the faid pari (lies, or the fared, aforefaid part of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, without being meafured in the manner herein before diredded, and fhall not give information thereof to the principal land coal-meters, or their deputies, at the faid office, within two days next after fuch coals (hall have been fent as aforefaid, and (hall be duly convicted thereof, by the oaths of two or more credible

Hosted by Google

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c.

Penalty on

dealers giving, and labouring coal-meters receiv

35;	[174&

witneffes, fuch labouring coal-meter (hall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of adling as a labouring coal-meter within the faid city and liberty of Wefiminjler^ or the aforefaid part of the faid dutchy, and the faid parifhes, and the aforefaid part of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, and forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any dealer in coals (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of September, diredlly or indirectly give, or caufe to be given to any labouring coal-meter or coal-meters, to be ap-

ii more than P0*ntec* ]V) purfuance of this act, any fee, reward, gratuity, or ^df’perchald- ^um or ^ums of i^oney whatfoever (other than the faid fum of ron.	four pence by the chaldron, hereby directed to be paid as afore-

laid) for his trouble or pains in attending or meafuring of coals, as herein before directed ; or if any labouring coal-meter or coal-meters (hall, direCtly or indireCtly, receive from any dealer, or dealers in coals, any fuch fee, reward, gratuity, fum or fums of money, other than the faid fum of four pence by the chaldron, hereby directed to be paid ; that then, and in fuch cafe, every fuch dealer or dealers in coals (hall, for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, and the labouring coal meter or meters, who (hall have received fuch fee, reward, gratuity, fum or fums of money, (ball be from thenceforth for ever rendered incapable of acting as a coal-meter within the faid city and liberty of Wejlminjler, and the aforefaid part of the faid dutchy, and the faid parifhes, and the aforefaid part of the faid parith of Saint Andrew, Holborn, and forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if the driver of any cart loaded with coals, or any perfon belonging thereto, or employed therewith, lhall deliver or fuf-fer to be delivered or taken from fuch cart, any coals, under his care, otherwife than to or for theufe of the owner, or owners thereof, and (ball be convicted of (uch offence, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (ball be diffatif-fied with, or think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved, by or in the meafure of any coals, under or by virtue of this aeft, the fame coals (hall (either upon acquainting the feller of fuch coals, or the carman driving or leading the fame, at any time during the delivery thereof, and before the carman (hall be difeharged thereof by the confumer, or his, her, or their agent or agents) be re-meafured, either in the prefence of a fea-coal-meter, from the fea-coal-meters office in the city of London, or one of the

,	.	, meters, or their agents, appointed in purfuance of this a6I ;

pei- chaldron"* f°r	be	f°r	the	purpofes	aforefaid,	the	fum of

The teller * four pence, and no more, for every chaldron ; and in cafe the liable to pe- coals thus to be re-meafured, (hall not amount to the meafure f°r W^^c’n they were originally fold and meafured, the fellers of fuch coals are hereby refpeedively mad? liable to the penalties

ancl

Penalty on ertrtet s defrauding the owner.

Perfons diffa-tisfied may re meafure the coals, giving notice,

fkiency.

Hosted by Google

50?

I74^*] Anno decirno nono Georgii II. 0,35.

and punifhments inflidted, and to be recovered and applied in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and means, as by the laws now in being, made for the punifhment of offences of this fort, are diredted.

XIX.	And it is hereby farther enadted by the authority afore- After notice faid, That from and after notice dial] have been given in writ- of diiratisfac-ing to the feller of fuch coals, or to the carman carrying, driving, tion>

or leading the fame, and whilfi fuch coals (hall fo remain in their or either of their pofTeffion, or power as aforefaid, of any fuch diffatisfadtion or grievance as aforefaid, fuch feller or carman, in wh'ofe pofTeffion or power fuch coals fhall, at the time of fuch notice be, fhall not leave or depart from the cart in which f>er^on not fuch coals fhall have been laden, but he and they fhall remain ^//ameterbe with the fame, and take all poflible care both of the coals and procured, cart, till a meter or meters, appointed in purfuance of this adt, can be procured to re-meafure fuch coals; and they are hereby refpe&ively required, from time to time, with all convenient fpeed, on notice for that purpofe to be delivered or left at the faid office* in writing, in any of the faid office hours, to attend for that purpofe.

XX.	Provided alfo, That no perfon or perfons whatfoever Per(<?!is

who fhall be a feller of coals, or dealer in, or employed in the being prinri-11 carrying of coals, or a warfinger, or intereffed in any wharf, pals or labour-fhall at any time be capable of adting, or adt, either as principal ing coal-me-or labouring coal-meter in virtue hereof.	ters#

XXI.	And it is hereby further enadted and declared by the Penalties how authority aforefaid, That the aforefaid feveral forfeitures and to be recover-penalties impofed, and to be incurred by virtue of or under this edauci applied prefent adt, fhall be recovered and applied in the manner, and

to and for the purpofes following (that is to fay) fuch and fo many of the faid forfeitures and penalties as do and fhall exceed the fumof five pounds, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his faid Majefty’s courts of record at We ft min-Jier : the one moiety of which faid forfeitures and penalties (that is, where each of them exceeds five pounds) fhall be to and for the ufe of his faid Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof (with full cofts of fuit) to and for the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons who fhall inform or fue for the fame: and all other the aforefaid forfeitures and penalties fhall be recovered by way of complaint, made unto any one or more ju-ftice or juftices of the peace for the faid city and liberty of Wejt-minjier, or for the faid county of Middlefex, who is, and are hereby required to call the parties before him or them, and to hear and examine fuch complaint on oath, or upon affirmation (in cafe any teftimony in this refpedt fhall be given by any of the people called Quakers, and which oath or affirmation fuch juftices are hereby refpedtively required and impowered to admi-nifter and take) and upon due proof thereof made to his or their fatisfadtion, to grant a warrant or warrants, under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, for levying fuch forfeitures and penalties accordingly $ the one moiety thereof to and for the

Hosted by Google

£oS	Anno	decimo nono Georgii II. c. 35.’	[1746.

ufe of the informer, and the other moiety thereof to and for the ufe of the poor of the parifh in which fuch offences fhall have been refpettively committed ; and in cafe fuch forfeitures or penalties fhall not (after fuch conviction or convictions) be forthwith paid; that then the fame fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the refpective offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom fuch offender or offenders fhall be convicted, rendering the overplus (if any be) to fuch offender or offenders ; and for want of fufficicnt diftrefs or diftreffes, fuch offender or offenders fhall be committed to the houfe of correction, for any time not exceeding thirty days, and not lefs than fourteen days, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour.

Appeal to the XXII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enacted and feffions. declared, That if any perfon, fo convicted as aforefaid, fhall think himfelf aggrieved, he may appeal to the general quarter feffions of the peace, to be held for the faid county of Middle-fix next after fuch conviction (but not afterwards) and that fef-lions, when fo appealed to, fhall, at the then next feffions after bringing fuch appeal, hear and finally determine the fame ; and if the appellant, in fuch appeal, fhall not make good, fup-port, and fucceed in fuch his appeal, or profecute the fame with effect, the faid court of feffions fhall then award fuch cofts as they fhall think reafonable, to be then and there, in open court, with the penalty adjudged on and by fuch conviction, paid to the profecutor or informer, and for want thereof, to commit the perfon or perfons, thus appealing, to the common gaol of and for the faid county of Middlefexy and there to remain until he or they fhall and do make actual payment of fuch cofts and penalty, to the perfon or perfons to whom the fame fhall be a-warded, for the purpofes aforefaid ; but in cafe the faid appellant fhall make good, fupport, and fucceed in fuch his appeal, and be acquitted of his conviction, the fame court fhall, in that cafe, award to fuch appellant reafonable cofts, to be then and there, in open court, paid to him or them, by the perfon or perfons on whole information or profecution fuch conviction fhall have been founded or made ; and for want of fuch payment, the faid court of feffions (hall commit fuch informers and pro-fecutors refpectively to the common gaol of the faid county of Middlefex, there to remain until lie or they (hall and do actually pay to fuch appellant the cofts fo refpectively awarded to them as aforefaid ; but no conviction, to be pronounced or made by virtue of or under this act, (hall be qualhed or vacated for want of form only.

XXIII.	And it is hereby further enacted, That no writ of No Certiorari. Certiorari (hall ifilie, or be ifiuable, to remove the record of any

conviction or proceedings thereon, to be taken, made, or pronounced in purfuance or by the authority of this act, into any of his faid Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjhr.

XXIV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

Th«

The court to award coils.

Conviction not to be quaffed for want of form only.

Hosted by Google

I74-6-] Annodecimo nono Georgii II* C. 36,	509

That if any action, information, or fuit fhall be brought, hied, pr profecuted againft any perfon or perfcns, for any thing to be done in purfuance of this abl, the fame fhall be commenced or filed within fix months next after the fabl committed (and not Suit t0 he afterwards) and (hall be laid in the county of Middlefex (and not elfewhere) and the defendant or defendants in or to fuch ablions, months, &c. fuits or informations, may plead the general iffue, and give this a6l and the fpecial matter in evidence, on any trial to be General iffue. had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of this abl; and if the fame fhall appear fo to have been done, or if any fuch abtion, fuit, or information (hall be brought or filed, after the time for this purpofe herein before in this refpebl limited, or fhall be laid or brought in any other county or place, then the jury in every fuch cafe fhall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit-ed, or ftiffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if 2 verdibl fhall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have full cofts, and fuch remedy for the recovery of the fame, as any defendant or de- co^s* fendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

XXV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That this prefent abl fhall be deemed, judged, and taken to be Publicka£l* a publick abl, and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

XXVI.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority a(^ t0

aforefaid, That this abt fhall continue and be in force for three be in force for

years from and after the faid twenty fourth day of September, and 3 years.

from thence to the end of the then next fellion of parliament.	Continued by

r	24 Geo. 2.

CAP. XXXVI.

See 23 Geo. 2.

An a£t to allow the pur chafe, for his Majefty's ufe, of navalQ« ft ores brought into this kingdom on board neutral Jhips, by ^ beac<lult* any of his Majefty*s jhips, and to allow fuch ft ores to be landed and entered during the continuance of the prefent wars with France and Spain, or either of them. Exp.

WHEREAS great numbers of Jhips of neutral nations do daily pafs the feas laden with naval flores, which they carry to the ports of France and Spain, whereby his Majeftys enemies are not only enabled a?id encouraged to f t out and arm privateers to deftroy the trade of his Majeftfs fubjefts, but alj'o fapplied with materials to build and fit out flrips of war to annoy and invade his Majeftys domi-?non,: and whereas divers jhips of neutral nations, laden as aforefaid, already have been taken, and more hereafter may be taken, and brought into the ports of Great Britain, and the pur chafe offuch naval (lores, laden onboard fuch jhips of neutral nations, for the fervice of his Ma-jefty, may in many cafes be expedient, without proceeding to the condemnation thereof: but whereas by an aft of parliament pa fed in the J% Cap. 2f twelfth year of his late majejly King Charles the Second, (intituled, $118,

An

Hosted by Google

5io

*3 Geo. 2. *•3*

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c.37.	fx74^

An a6t for the encouraging and increafing of fhippingand navigation ;) it is amongjl other things, enaCled, That no fort of mafis, timber, or boards, pitch, tar, r0//;z, hemp, or flax, flail be import-ed into England, Ireland, Wales, <?r toivn 0/Berwick upon Tweed, /// <?/zy flip or flips, veffel or veffels whatfoever,	J'uch

as do truly and without fraud belong to the people thereof, or fome of them, as the true oivners and proprietors thereof, and whereof the maj-ter and three fourths of the mariners, at leaf, are Englifh, except only fuch foreign Jhips and vejjels as are of the built of that country or place, of which the faid goods are the growth, production, or manufacture, or fuch port where the faid goods can only be, or mofl ufually are firfl Jhipped for tranfportation, and whereof the mafler and three fourths of the mariners, at lea ft, are of the faid country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture offlip and goods : and whereas by an aCf of parliament made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majeflys reign, (intituled. An a61 for the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majefty’s ihips of war, and on board merchant fhips, and other trading fhips and privateers ;) it is provided, That during the continuance of the prefent war, and no longer (except as therein is excepted) it jhall and may be lawful for any merchant Jhip, or other trading Jhip or veffel, or privateer, to be navigated by foreign feamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majeflfs natural or naturalizedfubjeCls, fo us the number of fuch foreign Jeamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths af the mariners at any one time employed to navigate fuch merchant Jhip, or other trading Jhip or veffel, or privateer ; and that one fourth, at leaf, of the marines or feamen fo employed, be at all times natives, or bis Ma-fifty 5 naturalized fubjeCls of Great Britain, (fudden death, and a hazard, and cafualties of war and the Jeas, faved and excepted;) now be it enadled, 65V.

CommiflTioners of the navy may buy naval ftores brought in neutral (hips during the war. Commillioners of the cuftoms to permit the fame to be entered and landed.

CAP. XXXVII.

An ad to regulate infurance on fhips belonging to the fubjeCls of Great Britain, and on merchandizes or effects laden thereon.

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that the making affurances, interejl or no interejl, or without further proof of inter eft than the policy, hath been productive of many pernicious prOfClices, whereby great numbers of flips, with their cargoes, have either been fraudulently loft and defroyed, or taken by the enemy in time of war; and fuch affurances have encouraged the exportation of zvooll, and the carrying on many other prohibited and clandejline trades, which by means of fuch affurances have been concealed, and the parities concerned fecured from lofs, as well to the diminution of the pub-lick revenue, as to the great detriment of fair traders: and by introducing a mifehievous kind of gaming or wagering, under the pretence of affuring the rifque on flipping, and fair trade, the inftitution and

laud-

Hosted by boogie

1746-] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 37.	511

laudable deftgn of making affurances,	perverted; and that

which was intended for the encouragement of trade and navigation, has in many inflames, become hurtful of and defruPtive to the fame: for remedy whereof, be it enadied by the King's mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and No affurance after the fir ft day of Auguf, one thoufand feven hundred and to be made on forty fix, no affurance or affurances fhall be made by any perfon Jh]P$ °r ef-or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, on any fhip, or ihips belonging to his Majefty, or any of his fubjedts, or on any tereft or no goods, merchandizes, or effedte, laden or to be laden on board intereft. of any fuch fhip or fhips, intereft or no intereft, or without further proof of intereft than the policy, or by way of gaming or wagering, or without benefit of falvage to the affurer; and that every fuch affurance fhall be null and void to all intents and purpofes.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Affurance on

rity aforefaid, That affurance on private fhips of war, fitted out private fhips

by any of his Majefty’s fubjedls, folely to cruize againft his war’

Ti/r • ,( ,	J J	J	j	,	Jr .1	r	be made mte-

Majefty s enemies, may be made by or for the owners thereof, reft or no

intereft or no intereft, free of average, and without benefit of fal- tereft.

vage to the affurer ; any thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enabled, That any mer- Affurance on chandizes or effedls from any ports or places in Europe or Ame-

rica, in the poffeflion of the crowns of Spain or Portugal, may Portugal, beaffured in fuch way and manner, as if this a<9: had not been & made.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Re a|purance That it fhall not be lawful to make re-affurance, unlefs the affurer what cafes (hall be infolvent, become a bankrupt, or die; in either of which admitted, &c. cafes fuch affurer, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, may

make re-affurance, to the amount of the fum before by him af-fured, provided it fhall be expreffed in the policy to be a re-affurance.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That The condi-from and after /the faid firft day of Auguf, all and every fum tions for lend-and fums of money to be lent on bottom-ree, or at refpondentia, f«ms on upon any fhip or fhips belonging to any of his Majefty’s fub- bottom ree, jedts, bound to or from the Eaf Indies, fhall be lent only on the bound to or fhip, or on the merchandize or effedts laden, or to be laden on from the Eaft board of fuch fhip, and fhall be fo expreffed in the condition of Indies.

the bond; and the benefit of falvage fhall be allowed to the lender, his agents or affigns, who alone fhall have a right to make affurance on the money fo lent j and no borrower of money on bottom-ree, or at refpondentia, as aforefaid, fhall recover more on any affurance than the value of his intereft on the fhip, or in the merchandizes or effedls laden on board of fuch fhip, exclufive of the money fo borrowed ; and in cafe it fhall appear that the yalue of his (hare in the (hip, or in the merchandizes or

effedts

Hosted by Google

5J2	Anno	decimo nono Georgii II. €. 37.	[1745.

effects laden on board, doth not amount to the full fum or fums lie hath borrowed as aforefaid, fueh borrower (hail be refpon-lible to the lender for fo much of the money borrowed, as he hath not laid out cn the fhip or merchandizes laden thereon, with lawful interefi: for the fame, together with the aflurance, and all other charges thereon, in the proportion.the money not laid out (hail bear to the whole money lent, notwithstanding the fhip and merchandizes be totally loft.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

In aft actions That in all actions or iuits brought or commenced after the cwfwitMn6' faid firft oby the allured, upon any policy of af-15 days what France, the plaintiff in fuch action or fuit, or his attorney or a-fums he hath gent, (hall within fifteen days after he or they fhall be required allured.	i'0 to do in writing, by the defendant, or his attorney or agent,

declare in writing what fum or fums he hath aflured, or caufed to be affured in the whole, and what fums he hath borrowed at refpondentia or bottom-ree, for the voyage, or any part of the voyage in queftion in fuch fuit or aflion.

VII,	And whereas it is anrcafonable that any p erf on or perfons, body or bodies corporate, ftbjcribing, feaiing, or otherwife executing my policy or policies of qjjl.trance, Jbould be put to any cojls, charges, or expence 1, in any fuit or action at law,* to be brought on fuch policy ( or policies, in cafe fuch per Jon or perfons, body or bodies corporate, is or are ready and willing to pay fuch damages and cojls, as fall and may be really and bona fide due thereon, zvhich at prefent they are liable to, and often forced unjuflly. to bear, for that in many cafes upon fuch policies, no money can be brought into court: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after

Perfons fued t,ae	^ay dugujl^ it fhall and may be lawful for any

on policies of perfon or perfons, body or bodies corporate, fued in any action ndurance, to or actions of debt, covenant, or any other abtion or actions, on bring the mo- any policy or policies of aflurance, to bring into court any fum court°t0 or Aums tnoney ; and if any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall Plaintiff not refufe to accept fuch fum or fums of. money, fo brought into accepting it, court as aforefaid, with coils to be taxed, in full difeharge of a,)fUinycnot fuch aeftion or actions, and fliali afterwards proceed to trial in er damagesat~ ^uch action or actions, and the jury fliali not afiefs damages to 5 fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, exceeding the fum or fums of money fo brought into court, fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, in every fuch cafe and cafes, fhall pay to fuch defendant or defendants, in to pay cofis. every fuch action and actions, colts to be taxed; any law, cu-ftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

Limitations of VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this this a£L abl fliali not extend to, or be in force againft any perfons refiding in any parts or places in Europe, out of his Majefty’s dominions, for whole account any aflurance or aflurances lhall be made before the twenty ninth clay of September, in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and forty fix; nor extend to, or be in force againft: any perfons refiding in any parts or places in Turkeyi or in Afiar Africa^ or America, for whofe account any af-furance or aflurances lhall be made before the twenty fifth day

Hosted by Google

5'3

1746*] Anno decimonono Georgii'II. c. 38.

of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufatid feven hundred and forty feven; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft more effectually to prohibit and prevent paftors or mini ft ers from officiating in epifcopal meeting-houfes in Scotland, without duly qualifying tbemfelves according to law ^ and to punijh perfons for reforming to any meeting-houfes where fuch unqualified paftors or minifters Jhall officiate.

WHEREAS it is notorious, thatfor many years la ft paft, duringthe reign of his prefen t majefty and of his late majefty King George the Firft,a great number of meeting-houfes have been fet up and maintained in the city of Edinburgh, and other parts of Scotland/ bv perfons prof effing to be of the epifcopal communion, whereof the paftors or minifters have never taken the oaths to his Majefty, or his royal father, nor ever did, in exprefs words, during the exercife of divine fervice, pray for his Majefty, and the royal family; by means -whereof thofe illegal meetings have greatly contributed to excite and ffif eo* 29 foment a fpirit of difaffeElion amongft numbers of perfons in that part J of the kingdom, againft his Majefty*s perj'on and government; which hath been one of the caufes of the wicked and unnatural rebellion, lately raifed and carried on againft his Majefty, in favour of a popifh pretender : and ivhereas the abufe of fo much lenity aiid forbearance, as has been hitherto Jhewn under the gracious and mild government of his Majefty ; and his royal father, towards fuch nonjuring epifcopal minifters, makes it abfolutely neceffiary, that the lavas in force concerning them be more punctually executed, and that fome further provifion be made, to prevent the continuance of fo great a mfchief; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every the (heriffs of (hires, Sheriffs, See. ftewards of ftewartries in Scotland, and their deputies, and the t0 enquire in-Magiftrates of royal boroughs, (hall, and they are hereby au- e^fccTa]^ thorized and ftri£Hy required, with all convenient fpeed, on or meeting-before the firft day of November, in the year of our Lord one houfes. thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, to enquire, by examination of witneffes upon oath, or other credible information, into the number and fituation of the epifcopal meeting houfes within their refpeeftive jurifaictions, and (hall caufe lifts to be made Lifts to be of the fame, and to be entered and inferred in a book which (hall mjule* be provided and kept for that purpofe, by the clerks belonging Copies to be to their jurifdi&ions refpe6ftvely, and (hall forthwith tranfmit tranfmitted to true copies thereof to the clerk of each houfe of parliament, to eae^houfe of be laid before the faid houfes refpeeftively at their next meeting, parliament.

II. And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforefaid,

That every perfon who now is paftor or minifter of any epifcopal congregation in Scotland3 (hail, and he is herebv required,

Vol. XVIII.	L	1	on

Hosted by Google

cates of their being qualified.

Clerk to enter , the fame.

Copies to be tranfmitted.

514	Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 38.	[1746.

Paftors to pro-on or before the faid firft day of September, in the year of our duce certifi- Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, to produce to the clerk of the {hire, ftewartry, or borough where his meeting-houfe is fttuated, a certificate from the proper officer, of his having qualified himfelf by taking the oaths to his Majefty appointed by law, of which certificate the clerk (hall forthwith make an entry in the faid book appointed for keeping a lift or regifter of the meeting-houfes within that jurifdidion ; which entry fhall exprefs the name of the minifter whom the certificate concerns, and the fituation and defcription of the meeting-houfe where he officiates as minifter or paftor; copies of which entries (hall likewife be tranfmitted by the faid clerk, to the clerk of each houfe of parliament, for the purpofe aforefaid; and the faid clerk of fuch (hire, ftewartry or borough, fhall likewife de-Co ies to be ^ver tvv0 attefted copies of fuch certificate to fuch paftor or mi-affixed on the	one °f them to be by him fixed on the outfide of the

meeting-	meeting-houfe where he fhall officiate, on or near the door

houfe,	thereof, and the other in fome confpicuous place within fuch

meeting-houfe; for each of which laft mentioned copies, the fum of fix pence fterling fhall be paid, and no more.

Minifters to HI- And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, pray for the That every paftor or minifter who fhall, at any time after the King, &c. by faid firft day of September, officiate in any epifcopal meeting-houfe name, as di- or congregation, fhall, as often as he (hall fo officiate, at fome time during the exercife of divine fervice in fuch epifcopal meeting-houfe or congregation, pray for the King’s moft excellent majeftv, his heirs or fucceflors, by name, and for all the royal family, in the fame form of words as his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, and the royal family are or fhall be directed by lawful authority to be prayed for in the prayers for the royal family, contained in the liturgy of the church of England.

IV. And be it further enaded, That the faid flieriffs, ftewards, and their deputies, and magiftrates of boroughs, (hall be obliged, and they are hereby ftridly enjoined and required, immediately after the faid firft day of November, forthwith to fhutup, or caufe to be (hut up, the doors of the meeting-houfes, or other places where fuch epifcopal aflemblies or meetings have been or fhall be held, whereof the paftor or minifter fhall not have produced to their clerks refpedively the certificate of his having been qualified as aforefaid, or wherein his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, and the royal family fhall not be prayed for in exprefs words, in the manner before direded; and fhall not again give accefs to the faid houfes, or other places of meeting, until the proprie-

reded in the liturgy

Paftors not producing certificates, &c. their meeting-houfes to be ffiut up.

Proprietor,

too l.°fecurity tor? tenant, or pofleflor thereof (hall enad himfelf, with one or before ad- y more fufficient fureties, in the court books of the faid fherifF, mitred to	fteward, or royal borough, under the penalty of one hundred

accefs*	pounds fterling money, to be paid to the faid judges or magi-

ftrates, for the ufe of his Majefty, that he or {he {ball not permit or fuflfer fuch houfe or place to be employed or made ufe of as an epifcopal meeting-houfe, by any paftor or minifter not qualifying himfelf as aforefaid, and conforming to the regulations

Hosted by Google

*74-6J Anno decimo nono GeoRGH II. c. 38.

5i5

tions before mentioned, at any time thereafter, during fuch time as he or (he (hall continue proprietor* tenant, or pofleffor thereof.

V.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon (hall, from ^ ,

and after the faid fir ft day of September, prefume to enter upon, qualified,1"&C. or exercife the fundion of a paftor or minifter of any epifcopal officiating,&c, meeting or congregation in Scotland, without having firft caufed his letters of orders to be entered on record, or regifcered, or without having firft qualified himfelf by taking and fubfcribing the oaths, in fuch manner as all officers, civil and military, in Scotland are by law obliged to take and fubfcribe the fame, or without having firft produced, and caufed to be entered, in the manner herein before direded, in the books to be kept by the, clerk of the (heriff, fteward, or borough courts refpedively where fuch perfon propofes to officiate as a paftor or minifter, his name and place of abode, and the place where his meeting is to be held, and the certificate of his having taken and fub-fcribed the oaths as aforefaid; or in cafe any perfon who (hall officiate as a paftor or minifter in any fuch epifcopal meeting-houfe or congregation, (hall not, as often as he fhall fo officiate, at fome time during divine fervice, pray for his Majefty by name, his heirs or fucceffors, and all the royal family, in the manner herein before directed ; every perfon fo offending in any of the premiffes, being thereof lawfully convided before any two or more juftices of the peace, or before any other judge Penalty, competent of the place fummarily, (hall, for the firft offence, fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of fix months; and for the fecond, or any fubfequent offence, being thereof lawfully convided before the court of judiciary, or in any of the circuit courts, (hall be adjudged to be tranfported, and (hall accordingly be tranfported to fome of his Majefty’s plantations in America for life; and in cafe any perfon adjudged to be fo tranfported (hall return into, or be found in Great Britain, then every fuch perfon (hall fuffer imprifonment for life.

VI.	And for the better afcertaining what (hall be deemed an Defcription of epifcopal meeting-houfe within the true intent and meaning of an epifcopal this ad, and to prevent evafions thereof, be it further enaded meetings and declared, That any meeting, affembly, or congregation in Uou Cs Scotland, where there (hall be five perfons or more affembled or

met together to hear divine fervice, over and befides thofe of the houfhold, if it be in any houfe where there is a family inhabit-ing,or if it be in an houfe or place where there is no family inhabiting, then where any fuch five or more perfons (hall be fo affem-bled and met together to hear divine fervice, and wher$ divine fervice fhall be performed by a paftor or minifter, being of, of profeffing to be of the epifcopal communion, every fuch meeting, affembly, or congregation, (hall be deemed and taken to be an epifcopal meeting-houfe within the true intent and meaning of this ad.	Sheriffs kc

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, to make enl That ~the faid (lieriffs and ftewards, and their deputies, and quiry of of-the magiftrates of royal boroughs, fhall be obliged and are here- fences, and

Liz

Hosted by

Google

5* 6

Informations in cafes of

to be intimated to the King’s advocate.

Anno decimo nono GeorgII II. c. 38.	[ 1746.

by ftriCtly enjoined and required hereafter,' from time to time, to make diligent enquiry within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, concerning any offences that fhall be committed againft this a&, or’the other laws now in being concerning the paftors or minifters officiating in any epifcopal meeting-houfe in Scotland; and whenever they {hall find that any meeting-houfe, within their jurifdiCtion, hath been fet up or maintained without fuch entry being made as aforefaid, or that the pallor or minifler officiating in any epifcopal meeting-houfe hath been guilty of neglecting to pray, in exprefs words, for his Majefty, his heirs or fuccellors, by name, and all the royal family, in the manner herein before directed, they are hereby authorized and required to caufe fuch offences to be prolecuted before them, and to fhut up, or otherwise lupprefs fuch meeting-houfes, and to infliCt the penalties impofed by this or other aCts againft the minifters or paftors officiating therein in fuch manner as is not allowed by law : and in cafe any information fhall be given to the faid fhe-riffs, ftewards, or their deputies, or to the magiftrates of royal o^irn^^ifon011 ^orou§^s > or ^ aPPear t° any of them, upon fuch en-meilt for°life fiuiry as aforefaid, that any offence has been committed againft 9 this aCt, for which the penalty of tranfportation, or imprifon-ment for life, is hereby inflicted; then fuch fheriff, fteward, his deputy, or other magiftrate, fhall caufe intimation to be made thereof in writing, to his Majefly’s advocate for Scotland, who is hereby required to profecute the fame with effect.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Perfonsre- That if any perfon, at any time after the faid firft day of Sep-Porting to un- tember, fhall refort to, or frequent any epifcopal meeting-houfe regifter’d Gr congregation in Scotland, whereof the pallor’s or minifters lioufes ^&c ^etters °f orders fhall not be entered on record, or regiftered as 1 u es’ c* aforefaid, or whereof a certificate of the paftor or minifter’s having taken the oaths, and his name and place of abode, and alfo the place where his meeting is to be held, fhall not be entered according to the directions of this a Cl, or where^the paftor or minifter, fhall not pray, in exprefs words, for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by name, and all the royal family, in the manner before directed, every perfon fo offending, who fhall not, within the fpace of five days, give information • of fuch illegal meeting to fome proper magiftrate, fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, or before any other judge competent of the place fummarily, fhall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds fterling money; one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch perfon who fhall give information of the faid offence, and fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of fix months, unlefs or until the fame be paid ; and for the fecond, or any fubfequent offence, being thereof lawfully conviCled before the court of jufticiary, or in any of the circuit courts, fhall fuffer imprifonment for the ipace of two years from the date of fuch conviction.

IX. And

and not giving information,

Penalty,

Hosted by Google

1746.3 Anno declmo nono Georgii II. C. 38.	$17

IX.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from Letters of or-and after the faid firft day of Septemberno letters of orders of^e^^

any pallor or minifter of any epifcopal meeting or congregation England or in Scotland, fhall be deemed fufficient, or be admitted to be re- irefand. giftered, but fuch as have been given by fome bifhop of the church of England, or of Ireland; and in cafe any letters of orders, other than fuch as are before defcribed, fhall be regiftered, fuch regillration (hall be deemed null and void to all intents and purpofes.

X.	Provided always, That every profecution for any offence Profecutions

committed

againft

. c. 7.

this ad, fhall be commenced within the ^nced^th fpace of twelve months after fuch offence committed, and not m 1Z m0nths. afterwards.

XI.	And whereas it is juft and neceffary to provide, that thofe who give reafon to fufpeft their being dijaffefted to his Majeffs per-Jon and government, and the prefent happy efablifbment, by their frequenting or reforting to fuch illegal meeting-houfes, where his Ma-jejly is not prayed for in exprefs words, Jhould be refrained from the power of hurting that efablijhment to ivhich they Jhew fuch difaffection ; be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforelaid, Peers Pre^enfj That from and after the faid firft day of September, no peer of meetfn!- ^ Scotland (hall be capable of being elected one of the fixteen peers, houfes, &c. to fit and vote in the houfe of peers in the parliament of Great Bri- difqualificd tain, or of voting in the election of any of the faid fixteen peers, from voting, who fhall have, at any time within one year pveceeding fuch ledion, been twice prefent at divine fervice in any epifcopal meeting or congregation in Scotland, not held and allowed in purfuance of an ad made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne intituled, An all to prevent the difurbing thofe of the epifcopal communion, in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, in the ex-ercij'e of their religious worjhip, and in the life of the liturgy of the church <?/'England; and for repealing the all faffed in the parliament of Scotland, intituled, Ad againfl irregular baptifms and marriages; or which fhall not, after the faid firft day of September, be regiftered according to the directions of this ad; or where the paftor or minifter officiating did not, in exprefs words, pray for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, by name, and for all the royal family; and it (hall be competent for any peer of Scotland, prefent at the election of the faid fixteen peers. Proof, or of any of them, to make this objection, and to prove the fame by a witnefs or witneffes upon oath, or by referring it to the oath of the peer fo objected to; which oath the lord clerk regi-fter, or either of the two clerks of feftion, appointed by him to officiate in his name at fuch eledion of fixteen peers, or of any of ^hom to be them, is hereby impowered to adminifter ; and in cafe the fame adminiiler'd. fhall be proved, or the peer fo objected to (hall admit the fad', or refufe to depofe concerning it, he (hall be and is hereby dif-qualified from, and rendered incapable of voting, or being cho- Admiflion not fen at any fuch election as aforefaid ; but fuch admiffion, or to be evidence confeffion upon oath, or otherwife fo made at fuch meeting, upon profecu-affembled for any fuch eledion, fhall not be made ufe of, or	Pe*

LI 3	givennatiebo

Hosted by Google

gi S	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii	II. c. 38.	[1746.

given in evidence againft any fuch peer, upon any profecution for any penalty ipfticfted by this or any former a6l of parliament.

XII. And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of September, no perfon fhall be capable of being elected, or of voting in any election of a member of parliament for any fhire or borough, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of being elected, or voting in the election of a magiftrate or counfellor for boroughs, or of a deacon of crafts within burgh, or of a collector or clerk of the land tax or fupply, who fhall have at any time within one year preceding fuch election, been twice prefent at divine fervice, in any epifcopal meeting or congregation in Scotland, not held and allowed in purfuance of the faid a6t made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne^ or which fhall not, after the faid firft day of September, be regiftered according to the directions of this a6t, or where the paftor or minifter officiating did not, in $-xprefs words, pray for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by name, and for all the royal family; and it (hall be competent for any candidate or member of the meeting, affembled for any fuch election, to make this objection, and to prove the fame by a witnefs or witneffes upon oath, or by referring it to the oath of the perfon objected to, which oath the prefes or clerk of fuch meeting is hereby impowered to adminifter ; and in cafe the fame (hall-be proved, or the perfon fo objected to fhall admit the fact, or refufe to depofe concerning it, he (hall be, and is hereby difqualificd from, and rendered incapable of voting, or being chofen at any fuch election as aforefaid ; but fuch admif-Admifiion not f10n, or Confeffion upon oath, or otherwife fo made at fuch J meeting, affembled for any fuch election, (hall not be made ufe of, or given in evidence againft any fuch perfon, upon any profecution, for any penalty inflidled by this or any former acl of parliament.

XIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons, at any time after the faid firft day of September, either peers or commoners, who have, or fhall have any office or offices, civil or military, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall refort to, or frequent any e-pifcopal meeting-houfe or congregation in Scotla?id, whereof the paftor’s or minifter’s letters of orders fhall not be entered on record, or regiftrate as aforefaid, or whereof a certificate of the paftor or minifter’s having taken the oaths, and his name, or place of abode, and alfo the place where his meeting is to be held, fhall not to be entered according to the directions of this act, and where the paftor or minifter fhall not pray, in exprefs words, for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by name, and all the royal family, in the manner before directed, every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more of his Majefty?s juftices of the peace, or before any other judge competent of the place, fhall be difabled from thenceforth to hold fuch office or offices, and fhall forfeit the 2	fame

Perfon? prefent at unre-gifter’d jneeting-houfes, Sec, difqualified from voting, or being ' elected.

jo Ann. c, 7.

Proof*

Oath by viiom to be adminifterd.

to be evidence upon profecu tion. for penal ties*

Civil or military officers retorting to imregilter’d meeting-ho ufe s, See.

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 39.	519

fame; and (hall be adjudged incapable to bear any office, civil Penalty, or military, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fpace of one year from and after the date of fuch conviction.

XIV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any of the faid judges, or magidrates, (hall be guilty of any wilful neglect or omiffion of their duty in the premifles, Judges, See, they (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds fterling, toties quoties; not doing one moiety thereof to the informer, the other to be difpofed of dutUn for the ufe of the poor of the parifli where the offender (hall be penalty!111 ^ refident for the time being, to be recovered by fummary complaint before the court of feffion, or by profecution before the court of judiciary at Edinburgh, or at the circuit courts of judiciary.

CAP. XXXIX.

Au, attfor the more effeftual difarming the highlands in Scotland ; and for the more effeftually fecuring the peace of the faid highlands ; and for refraining the ufe of the highland drefs *, and for further indemnifying fuch perfons as have aided in defence of his Majeflf s perfon and government> during the unnatural rebellion \ and for indemnifying the judges and other officers of the court of jufticiary in Scotland,/^ not performing the northern circuit in May, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix ; and for obliging the mafters and teachers of private fchools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors and governors of children or youth, to take the oaths to his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffiors, and to re-gifter the fame.

WHEREAS by cm aft made in the firji year of the reign of i Geo i

his late majefy King George the Firji, of glorious memory■> See if Geo *2. • intituled, An aft for the more effectual fecuring the peace of the c. 34. highlands in Scotland, it ivas enafted, That from and after the firji day of November, which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, it Jhould not be lazuful for any perfon or perfons (except fuch perfons as are therein mentioned and deferibed) within the fhire of Dunbartain, on the north fide of the zuater of Leven, Stirling on the north fide of the river of Forth, Perth,

Kincardin, Aberdeen, Invernefs, Nairn, Cromarty,, Argyle,

Forfar, Bamff, Sutherland, Caithnefs, Elgine, and Rofs, to have in his or their cujlody, ufe, or bear, broad fword or target, poiguard, ivhinger, or durl, fide pijlol, gun, or other warlike ivcapon, otherwifie than in the faid aft was dire ft ed, under certain penalties appointed by the faid aft; zuhich aft having by experience been found not fufficient to attain the ends therein propofed, was further enforced by an aft made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majejly, intituled. An a61 for the more effectual difarming the nGeo.i.c.ifi* highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for the better fecuring the peace and quiet of that part of the kingly 1 4.	dom;

Hosted by Google

520

Anno decirno nonoGEORGii II. c. 39.	[1746.

dom: and tubereas the faid a£l of the eleventh year of his late Majefiy being, fo far as it related to the difarming the highlands, to continue in force only during the term ofJeven years, and from thence to the end of the next fejfion of parliament, is noiv expired: and whereas many perfons within the faid bounds and firesfill continue poffejfed of great quantities of arms, and there, with a great number of fuch perfons , have lately raifed and carried on a mof audacious and wicked rebellion againfi his Majefiy, in favour of a poptjh pretender, and in profecution thereof did, in a traitorous and hofile manner, march into the feather n parts of this king dom, took pojfejfton of fever al townsy raifed contributions upon the country, and committed many other dif-ordersy to the terror and great lofs of his Majefif s faithful fubjeftSy untily by the bleffing of God on his Majefiy s armsy they were fub-dued: now, for preventing rebellion, and traiterous attempts in time to come, and the other mifehiefs arifing from the poflef-iion or ufe of arms, by lawlefs, wicked, and difafFeded perfons inhabiting within the faid feveral (hires and bounds 5 be it en-aded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the author rity of the fame, That from and after the firftday of Augufy one Lord lieute thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, it (hall be lawful for the nants &c. to refpedive lords lieutenants of the feveral (hires above recited, jfl'ue fum-	and for fuch other perfon or perfons as his Majefiy, his heirs

mons,	or fucceffors (hall, by. his or their fign manual, from time to

time, think fit to authorize and appoint in that behalf, to ifiue, or caufe to be ifiued out, letters of fummons in his Majefiy’s name, and under his or their refpedive hands and feals, directed to fuch perfons within the faid feveral (hires and bounds, as he or they, from time to time, (hajl think fit, thereby commanding and requiring all and every perfon and perfons therein named, or inhabiting within the particular limits therein de-ford el ivering feribed, to bring in and deliver up, at a certain day, in fuch up of arms, fummons to be prefixed, and at a certain place therein to be mentioned, all and fingular his and their arms and warlike •weapons, unto fuch lord lieutenant, or other perfon or perfons appointed by his Majefiy, his heirs, or fuccefiors, in that behalf, as aforefaid, for the ufe of his Majefiy, his heirs or fuc-cejTors, and to be difpofed of in fuch manner as his Majefiy, his heirs or fuccefiors (ball appoint j and if any perfon or perfons, in fuch fummons mentioned by name, or inhabiting within th$ limits therein deicribed, '(hall, by the oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, be convided of having or bearing any arms, or warlike weapons, after the day prefixed in fuch fummons, before any one or more of his Majefty’sjuftices of the peace for the (hire or ftewartry where fuch offender or offenders (hall refide, or be apprehended, or before the judge ordinary, or Penalty. fuch other perfon or perfons as his Majefiy, his heirs or fuccef-fors fhall appoint, in manner herein after directed, every fuch On non-pay- perfon or perfons fo convided, (ball forfeit the fum of fifteen ment,	pounds fierling, and fhall be committed to prifon until payment

6	  of

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo nono GeoRGH II. C.39."	52	r

of the faid futn; and if any perfon or perfons, convidled as a-forefaid, (hall refufe or negledt to make payment of the forefaid fum of fifteen pounds fterling, within the fpace of one calendar month from the date of fuch convi&ion, it (hall and may be lawful to any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, or to the judge ordinary of the place where fuch offender or offenders is or are imprifoned, in cafe he or they fhall judge fuch offender or offenders fit to ferve his Majefty as a foldier or foldiers, to caufe him or them to be delivered over (as they are hereby impowered and required to do) to fuch officer or officers belonging to the forces of his Majefty, his heirs or fuc- t^e erfons if ceffors, who (hall be appointed from time to time to receive fuch ^ £ ferve’as men, to ferve as foldiers in any of his Majefty’s forces in Ame- foldiers in rica\ for which purpofe the refpedlive officers, who fhall receive America, fuch men, (hall then caufe the articles of war againft mutiny and defertion to be read to him or them in the prefence of fuch ^ar to be juftices of the peace, or judge ordinary, who {hall fo deliver over reacj to them; fuch men, who fhall caufe an entry or memorial thereof to be made, together with the names of the perfons fo delivered over, with a certificate thereof in writing, under his or their hands, to be delivered to the officers appointed to receive fuch men; and from and after reading of the faid articles of war, every perfon fo delivered over to fuch officer, to ferve as a foldier as aforefaid, fhall be deemed a lifted foldier to all intents and purpofes, and fhall be fubjedl to the difcipline of war ; and in cafe of defertion, fhall be punifhed as a deferter; and in cafe fuch offender or offenders (hall not be judged fit to ferve his Majefty as aforefaid, then he or they fhall be imprifoned for the fpace of fix calendar jf unfit to be months, and alfo until he or they fhall give fufficient fecurity imprifoned for his or their good behaviour for the fpace of two years from for 6 months, the giving thereof.	an<l

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That all perfons fummoned to deliver up their arms as afore- ^"oTarms, faid, who fhall, from and after the time in fuch fummons pre- *	*

fixed, hide or conceal any arms, or other warlike weapons, in any dwelling-houfe, barn, out-houfe, office, or any other houfe, or in the fields, or any other place whatfoever, and all perfons who fhall be acceffary or privy to the hiding or concealing of fuch arms, and fhall be thereof convidled by the oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, judge ordinary, or other perfon or perfons authorized by his Majefty in manner above mentioned, fhall be liable to be fined by the faid juftices of the peace, judge ordinary, or other perfon authorized by his Majefty, before whom he or they fhall be convicted, according Penalty, to their difcretion, in any fum not exceeding one hundred pounds fterling, nor under the fum of fifteen pounds fterling,. On non^pay-of lawful money of Great Britain, and fhall be committed to prifon until payment; and if the perfon fo convidled, being a ferve as fol-man, fhall refufe or negledl to pay the fine fo impofed, within diersin Ame-the fpace of one calendar month from the date of the faid con- rica;

vision.

Hosted by Google

if not fit, to be imprifoned for 6 months,

and find bail.

Penalty on women.

Arms hidden in any houfe, the tenant to be deemed the concealer, &c.

Second offence tranf-portation.

Officers to be appointed by frisMajelly.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 39.	[ 1746.

vidtion, he fhall, in cafe he be judged by any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, or the judge ordinary of the place where fuch offender is imprifoned, fit to ferve his Majefty as a foldier, be delivered over to ferve as a foldier in his Majefty’s forces in America, in the manner before diredted, with refpedt to perfons convidted of having or bearing of arms; and in cafe fuch offender fhall not be judged fit to ferve his Majefty as aforefaid, then he fhall be imprifoned for the fpace of fix calendar months, and alfo until he fhall given fufficient fecurity for his good behaviour, for the fpace of two years from the giving thereof \ and if the perfon convidted fhall be a woman, fhe fhall, over and a-bove the forefaid fine, and imprifonment till payment, fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of fix calendar months, within the Tolbooth of the head burgh of the fhireor ftewartry within which fhe is convidted.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if, after the day appointed by any fummons for the delivering up of arms in purfuance of this adt, any arms, or warlike weapons, fhall be found hidden or concealed in any dwell-ing-houfe, barn, out-houfe, office, or any other houfe what-foever, being the refidence or habitation of or belonging to any of the perfons fummoned to deliver up arms as aforefaid, the tenant or poffeffor of fuch dwelling-houfe, or of the dwelling-houfe to which fuch barn, office, or out-houfe belongs, being thereof convidted in manner above-mentioned, fhall be deemed and taken to be the haver and concealer of fuch arms, and being thereof convidted in manner above-mentioned, (hall fuffer the penalties hereby above enadted againft concealers of arms, un-lefs fuch tenant or poffeflbr, in whofe houfe, barn, out-houfe, office, or other houfe by them pofieffed, fuch arms fhall be found concealed, do give evidence, by his or her making oath; or o-therwife to the iatisfadtion of the faid juftices of the peace,judge ordinary, or other perfon authorized by his Majefty, before whom he or {he fhall be tried, that fuch arms were fo concealed and hid without his or her knowledge, privity, or connivance.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon who (hall have been convidted of any of the above offences, of bearing, hiding, or concealing arms, contrary to the provifions in this adt, fhall thereafter prefume to commit the like offence a fecond time, that he or fhe being thereof convidted before any court of judiciary, or at the circuit courts, fhall be liable to be tranfported to any of his Majefty’s plantations beyond the Teas, there to remain for the fpace of feven years.

V.	And for the more effedtual execution of this prefent adt, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by his or their lign manual, from time to time, to authorize and appoint fuch perfons as he or they fhall think proper, to execute all the powers £i)d authorities by this aft given to one or more jufticQ or juftices

Hosted by Google

1746.] Anno decimo nono Georgii II. C. 39.	523

of the peace, or to the judge ordinary, within their refpedtive jurifdicftions, as to the apprehending, trying, and convicting fuch perfon or perfons who fhall be fummoned to deliver up their arms, in purfuance of this a<5t.

VI. And to the end that every perfon or perfons, named or concerned in fuch fummons, may have due notice thereof, and to prevent all queftions concerning the legality of fuch no- what fhall be tice, it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, deemed a fuf-That fuch fummons, notwithftanding the generality thereof, be ficient fum~ deemed fufficient, if it exprefs the perfon or perfons that are mons> commanded to deliver up their weapons, or the parifhes, or the lands, limits, and boundings of the refpedlive territories and places, whereof the inhabitants are to be difarmed as aforefaid ; and that it (hall be a fufficient and legal execution or notice of the faid fummons, if it is affixed on the door of the parifh church or parifh churches of the feveral parifhes within which the lands (the inhabitants whereof are to be difarmed) do lie, on any Sunday, between the hours of ten in the fore- and legal no-noon, and two in the afternoon, four days at lead before the day tlce* prefixed for the delivering up of the arms, and on the market crofs of the head burgh of the (hire or ftewartry, within which the faid lands lie, eight days before the day appointed for the faid delivery of the arms ; and in cafe the perfon or perfons employed to affix the faid fummons on the doors of the feveral parifh churches, or any of them, (hall be interrupted, prevented, or forcibly hindered from affixing the faid fummons on the doors of the faid churches, or any of them, upon oath thereof made before any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, the fummons affixed on the market crofs of the faid head burgh of the (hire or ftewartry as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be a fufficient notice to all the perfons commanded thereby to deliver up their arms, within the true intent and meaning, and for the purpofes of this a<5f.

VII. And to the end that there may be fufficient evidence of

the execution, or notice given of the fummons for difarming

the feveral perfons and diftridts, as aforefaid, be it further en-

adted by the authority aforefaid, That upon the elapfing of the Evidence of

faid feveral days to be prefixed for the delivering up arms, the notice given

perfon or perfons employed to fix the fummons, as above men- ° 1 ■ i ri	*	r	J r r *	* i. ,	-	n	.	mons to be

tioned, on the market crofs of the head burghs of any (hire or made on

ftewartry, (hall, before any one of his Majefty’s juftices of the oath, peace for the faid (hire or ftewartry, make oath, that he or they did truly execute and give notice of the fame, by affixing it as aforefaid; and the perfon or perfons employed to affix the faid fummons on the doors of the parifh church or parifh churches, fhall make oath in the fame manner, and to the fame effedl, or otherwife fhall fwear that he or they were interrupted, prevented, or forcibly hindered from affixing the faid fummons as aforefaid; which oaths, together with copies or duplicates of the fummons, to which they feverally relate, (hall be delivered to 0ath» with fhe (heriff or fteward clerk pf the feveral (hires or ftewartries,

within °r ^ '

Hosted by Google

5*4

mons, to be delivered to the lheriff,&c.

Sheriff, not making entry, &c.

Penalty,

Lord lieutenant, &c. to appoint per-foils to fum-mon.

and apprehend, &c. fuch as (hall be found with arms.

Search may be made for arms by day or night

in prefence of a conit able, &c.

Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 392	[1746.

within which the perfons intended to be difarmed do live or re-fide, who fhall enter the fame in books, which he and they is and are hereby required to keep for that purpofe; and the laid books in which the entries are fo made, or extracts out of the fame, under the hand of the fheriff or fteward clerk, fhall be deemed and taken to be full and complete evidence of the execution of the fummons, in order to the conviction of the perfons who fhall neglect or refufe to comply with the fame.

• VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch fherifF or fteward clerk neglect: or refufe to make fuch entry as is above mentioned, or fhall refufe to exhibit the books containing fuch entries, or to give extracts of the fame, being thereto required by any perfon or perfons who fhall carry on any profecutions in purfuance of this act, the clerk fo neglecting or refufing fhall forfeit his office, and fhall likewifebe fined in the fum of fifty pounds fterling; to be recovered upon a fummary complaint before the court of feffion, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffiors.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant of any of the fhires aforefaid, or the perfon or perfons authorized by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffiors, as aforefaid, to fum-mon the perfon or perfons aforefaid to deliver up his or their arms, in manner above mentioned, or to and for any oneju-ftice of the peace of the refpedive fhires above mentioned, or to the judge ordinary within their rei'pectivejurifdictions, or to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be authorized by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffiors, for trying offences againft this a6f, to authorize and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall think fit to apprehend all fuch perfon or perfons as may be found within the limits aforefaid, having or wearing any arms, or warlike weapons, contrary to law, and forthwith to carry him or them to fome fure prifon, in order to their being proceeded againft according to law.

X. And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffiors, by warrant under his or their royal fign manual, and alio to and for the lord lieutenant of any of the fhires aforefaid, or the perfon or perfons authorized by his Majefty to fummon the perfon or perfons aforefaid to deliver up their arms, or any one or more juftices of the peace, by warrant under his or their hands, to authorize and appoint any perfon or perfons to enter into any houfe or houfes, within the limits aforefaid, either by day or by night, and there to fearch for, and to feize all fuch arms as fhall be found contrary to the direction of this acft.

XL Provided, That if the above-mentioned fearch fhall be made in the night-time, that is to fay, between fun fetting and fun rifing, it (hall be made in the prefence of a conftable, or of fome perfon particularly to be named for that purpofe in the warrant for fuch fearch 5 and if any perfons, to the number of

Hosted by

Google

1746J Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c- 39-	52	5

five or more, (hall at any time afiemble together to obftrubt the hi cafe of op-execution of any part of this a <51, it (hall and may be Jawful to P°fltlon> and for every lord lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or juftice of the peace where fuch afiembly fhall be, and alfo to and for every peace officer within any fuch Afire, Aewartry, city, burgh, or place where fuch afiembly fhall be, and likewife to and for all and every fuch other perfon or perfons, as by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceAbrs, fhall be authorized and appointed in that behalf as aforefaid, to require the aid and affift -ance of the forces of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceAbrs, by applying to the officer commanding the faid forces (who is hereby the aid of the authorized, impowered, and commanded to give fuch aid and	es

affiftance accordingly) to fupprefs fuch unlawful afiembly, in 1 order to the putting this a <51 in due execution ; and alfo to feize, apprehend, and difarm, and they are hereby required to feize, apprehend and difarm fuch perfons fo aftembled together, and forthwith to carry the perfons fo apprehended before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace of the fhire or place where fuch perfons fhall be fo apprehended, in order to their being proceeded againft, for fuch their offences,, according to law 3 and if the perfons fo unlawfully aftembled, or any of them, carried be-01* any other perfon or perfons fummoned to deliver up his or fore a juitice. their arms in purfuance of this a<5l, fhall happen to be killed, maimed, or wounded in the difperfing, feizing, and apprehending, or in the endeavouring to difperfe, feize, or apprehend, by reafon of their refilling the perfons endeavouring to difperfe, feize, and apprehend them ; then all and every fuch lord lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, juftice or juftices of the peace, or any peace officer or officers, and all and every perfon or perfons, authorized and appointed by his Majefty his heirs or fucceAbrs, in that behalf, as aforefaid, and all perfons aiding and affifting to him, them, or any of them, fhall be freed, dil-charged, and indemnified, as well againft the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceAbrs, as againft all and every other perfon Indemnifica-and perfons, of, for, or concerning the killing, maiming, or wounding any fuch perfon or perfons fo unlawfully aftembled, refilling, that fhall be fo killed, maimed, or wounded as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Defendant to That if any adlion civil or criminal, (hall be brought before any be allowed court whatfoever, againft any perfon or perfons for what he or the indemni-they fhall lawfully do in purfuance or execution of this a<5l, fuch ty* and llls court fhall allow the defendant the benefit of the difcharge and exPences* indemnity above provided, and fhall further decern the purfuer

to pay to the defender the full and real e'xpences that he fhall be put to by fuch adlion or profecution.

XIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enabled by the autho- Perfons ex-rity aforefaid, That no peers of this realm, nor their fons, nor emptedfrom any members of parliament, nor any perfon or perfons^ who, ^heir^rrns11^ by the a<5l above recited of the firft year of his late Majefty,

were allowed to have or carry arms, fhall by virtue of this a<5t be liable to be fummoned to deliver up their arms, or warlike

weapons 3

Hosted by Google

526 Anno declmo nono GeorGH II. c. 39*	[174&

weapons ; nor (hall this aft, or the above recited aft, be con-ftrued to extend to exclude or hinder any perfon, whom his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, by licence under his or their fign manual, (hall permit to wear arms, or who (hall be li-cenfed to wear arms by any writing or writings under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of any perfon or perfons authorized by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, to give fuch licence, from keeping, bearing, or wearing fuch arms, and warlike weapons as in fuch licence or licences (hall for that purpofe be particularly fpecified.

XIV.	And to the end that no perfons may be difcouraged from delivering up their arms, from the apprehenfion of the penalties and forfeitures which they may have incurred, through , their neglefting to comply with the directions of the laid aft of the firft year of his late Majefty’s reign, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the time of affixing any fuch fummons as aforefaid, no perfon or perfons rending within the bounds therein mentioned, (hall be fued or pro-fecuted for his or their having, or having had, bearing, or having borne arms at any time before the feveral days to be prefixed or limited by fummons as aforefaid, for the refpeftive perfons and diftrifts to deliver up their arms ; but if any perfon or perfons (hall refufe or neglect to deliver up their arms in obe-Penalty on not dience to fuch fummons as aforefaid, or (hall afterwards be delivering up found in arms, he and they (hall be liable to the penalties and arms.	forfeitures of the ftatute above recited, as well as to the penal-

ties of this prefent aft* rXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, forfeitures. 1 That one moiety of the penalties impofed by this aft, with ref-peft to which no other provifion is made, (hall be to the informer or informers ; and the other moiety (hall be at the difpofal of the juftices of the peace, judge ordinary, or other perfon authorized by his Majefty as aforefaid, before whom fuch conviction fhall happen, provided the fame be applied towards the expence incurred in the execution of this aft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the above provifions in this aft fhall continue in force for

i Geo. i.c.54..

None to be fued for having had arms betore the time limited for delivering them up.

feven years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of

Continuance.

Continued and amended 26

Geo. 2. c. 29. parliament, and no longer.

XVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of Augujty one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, no man or boy, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, other than fuch as (hall be employed as officers and foldiers in his Majefty’s forces, fhall, on any pretence whatfoever, wear or put on the clothes commonly called Highland Clothes (that is to fay) the plaid, philebeg, or little kilt, trowfe, fhoulder belts, or any part whatfoever of what peculiarly belongs to the highland garb ; and that no tartan, or party-coloured plaid or ftuff fhall beufed for great coats, or for upper coats; and if any fuch perfon fhall prefume, after the faid firft day of Augujty to wear or put on the aforefaid garments

cr

None but the army to wear the highland clothes.

21Geo.2x.51. '

Hosted by Google

t746.3 Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 39.	527

or any part of them, every fuch perfon fo offending, being can-vided thereof by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes before any court of judiciary, or any one or more juf-tices of the peace for the (hire or ftewartry, or judge ordinary of the place where fuch offence fhall be committed, (hall fuffer penafty. imprifonment, without bail, during the fpace of fix months, and no longer; and being convided for a fecond offence before a court of jufticiary, or at the circuits, fhall be liable to be tranf-ported to any of his Majefty’s plantations beyond the Teas, there to remain for the fpace of feven years,

XVIII.	And tuber eas by an aft made in this feffion of parliament, 19 Ge°' z* intituled, An a<5t to indemnify fuch perfons as have aded in de- c* 20* fence of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and for the pre-fervation of the publick peace of this kingdom, during the time of the prefent unnatural rebellion, and fheriffs and others who have fuffered efcapes, occafioned thereby, from vexatious fuits and profecutions, it isenafted, That allperfonalaftions andfuits, in-diftments, informations, and all moleftations, profecutions, and proceedings ivhatfoever, and judgements thereupon, if any be, for or by rea-fon of any matter or thing advifed, commanded, appointed, or done during the rebellion, until the thirtieth day of April, in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, in order to Jupprefs the faid unnatural rebellion, or for the prefervation of the publick peace, or for the fervice or fafety of the government, fhall be difcharged and made void : and whereas it is alfo reafenable, that afts, done for the publick fervice, fince the faid thirtieth day of April, though not juflifiable by the firift forms of law, fioould be jujlified by aft of parliament; be it enacled by the authority aforefaid. That all perfonal actions and fuits, indictments and informations, which a6hons,

1	'	*	tor matters

have been or fhall be commenced or profecuted, and all ^one tor moleftations, profecutions, and proceedings whatsoever, and fervice of the judgements thereupon, if any be, for or by reafon of any ad, government, matter, or thing advifed, commanded, appointed, or done be- to be void, fore the twenty fifth day of July in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, in order to fupprefs the faid unnatural rebellion, or for the prefervation of the publick peace, or for the fafety or fervice of the government, fhall be difcharged and made void ; and that every perfon, by whom any fuch ad, matter, or thing fhall have been fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done for the purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, before the faid five and twentieth day of July, fhall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified, as well againft the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, as againft all and every other perfon and perfons ; and that if any adion or fuit hath been or fhall be commenced or profecuted, within that part of Great Britain; called England, againft any perfon for any fuch ad, England-matter, or thing fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done for the purpofes aforefaid, or any of them, before the faid twenty fifth day of July, he or fhe may plead the general iflue, and Qenera» give this ad and the fpecial matter inevidence : and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit, or forbear further p-rofe-

cution,.

Hosted by Google

Scotland.

Full cofts.

6 Ann. c. 6.

528	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii	II. c.39.	[174&,

cution, or fuffer difcontinuance; or if a verdidt pafsagainft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover Double cofts. his, her, or their double cods, for which, he, fhe, or they lhall have the like remedy, as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants; and if fuch a&ionor fuit hath been or (hall be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, the court, before whom fuch action or fuit hath been or (hall be commenced or profecuted, (hall allow to the defender the benefit of the difcharge and indemnity above provided, and (hall further decern the purfuer to pay to the defender the full and real expences that he or (lie (hall be put to by fuch action or fuit.

XIX.	And whereas by an aft pajfed in the ftxth year of her late Majejly Queen Anne, intituled, An adl for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more entire and complete ; it is, amongji other things, enafted, That circuit courts Jhall be holden in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland : in manner, and at the places mentioned in the faid aft: and whereas by the late unnatural rebel-lion, the courfe ofjujlice in Scotland has been fo interrupted, as rendered it impracticable to give up and tranfmit prefentments, in fuch due time as profecutions might thereupon commence, before the northern circuit, to be holden in May this prefent year, whereby there appeared a necejfity of fuperfeding the faid circuit; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the judges of the court of jufticiary, and all and every other perfonand perfons therein concerned, are hereby indemnified for their not performing the

ing the circuit faid circuit, as by theforecited adlthey were obliged to do; any courts.	thing in the fame a6l, or in any other law or ftatute to the con-

trary notwithftanding.

XX.	And whereas a doubt hath arifen with refpeft to the fhire of Dunbartain, what part thereof was intended to be dfarmed by the firjl recited aft tnade in the firjl year of his late Majefly King George, and intended to be carried into further execution by the prefent aft ;

Farts of Dun- be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That fuch parts of the bartain t° be faid (hire of Dunbartain, as lie upon the eaft, weft, and north 41 arme . f1(jes 0f Lochlomondy to the northward of that point where the water of Leven runs from Lochlomond, are and were intended to be difarmed by the aforefaid a6l, and are comprehended and fubjecft to the dire&ions of this adh

XXL And whereas it is of great importance to prevent the riftng generation being educated in difajfefted or rebellious principles^ and although fufficient provifon is already made by law for the due regulation of the teachers in the four univ erf ties, and in the publick fchools authorized by law in the royal burghs and country parijhes in Scotland, , it is further necejfary, that all perfons who take upon them to officiate as mafers or teachers in private fchools, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, floould give evidence of their good affieftion to his Majejly9s perfon and government ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of November^ in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon in Scotland to keep

judges indemnified for not perform-

Hosted by Google

5* 9

v J746J Anno decimo nono Georgii II. c. 39.

a private fchool for teaching Englijb, Latin, Greeks or any part of literature, or to officiate as a matter or teacher in fuch fchool or any fchool for literature, other than thofe in the univerttties, or eftablifhed in the refpectively royal burghs, by publick authority, or the parochial fchools fettled according to law, or the fchools maintained by the fociety in Scotland for propagating chriftian knowledge, or by the general affemblies of the church situation, &c. of Scotland, or committees thereof, upon the bounty granted by of private his Majefty, until the fituation and defcription of fuch private fchools to be fchool be firft entered and regiftered in a book, which fhall be provided and kept for that purpofe by the clerks of the feveral faate^? the (hires, ftewartries, and burghs in Scotland, together with a cer- matter having tificate from the proper officer, of every fuch matter and teacher qualified* having qualified himfelf, by taking the oaths appointed by law to be taken by perfons in offices of publick truft in Scotland; and every fuch matter and teacher of a private fchool fhall be obliged, and is hereby required, as often as prayers fhall be faid in His Ma-eft fuch fchool, to pray, or caufe to be prayed for, in exprefs words &c. to be his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by name, and for all the prayed for by royal family; and if any perfon fhall, from and after the faid name, firft day of November, prefume to enter upon, or exercife the function or office of a matter or teacher of any fuch private fchool as fhall not have been regiftered in manner herein directed, or without having firft qualified himfelf, and caufed the certificate to be regiftered as above mentioned; or in cafe he fhall neglect to pray for his Majefty by name, and all the royal family, or to caufe them to be prayed for as herein directed ; or in cafe he fhall refort to, or attend divine worfhip in Matters not to any epifcopal meeting-houfe not allowed by the law ; every refbft.to unli-perfon fo offending in any of the premiffes, being thereof lawful- ^ houfesf" ly convicted before any two or more of the juftices of peace, or before any other judge competent of the place fummarily, fhall for the firft offence, fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of fix Penalty, months; and for the fecond, or any fubfequent offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the court of jufticiary, or in any of the circuit courts, fhall be adjudged to be tranfported, and accordingly fhall be tranfported to fome of his Majefty’s plantations in America ior life; and in cafe any perfon adjudged to be fo tranfported fhall return into, or be found in Great Brit-ain, then every fuch perfon fhall fuffer imprifonment for life.

XXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, parents &c That if any parent or guardian fhall put a child or children un- fendingchil-der his care to any private fchool that fhall not be regiftered ac- dren to un-cording to the directions of this act, or whereof the principal matter or teacher fhall not have regiftred the certificate of his lc *°° s> ■ having qualified himfelf as herein directed, every fuch parent or guardian fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more juftices of peace, or before any other judge competent of the place fummarily, fhall, for the firft of- Penalty* fence, be liable to fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of three months; and for the fecond or any fubfequent offence, being Vol. XVIIL	M	in	there-?

Hosted by Google

53°	Anno	decimo nono Georgii II. c. 39»	[1746*

thereof lawfully convidfed before the court of jufticiary, in any of the circuit courts, fhall fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of two years from the date of fuch conviction.

XXIII.	And whereas by on aft paffed in the parliament Scotland, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety three, all chaplains in families, and governors and teachers of children and youth, were obliged to take the oaths of allegiance and ajfu-rance therein dire ft ed: and there may be fome doubt, whether by the laws, as they fiand at prefent, they are obliged to take all the oaths appointed to be taken by perfons in offices of publick truft in Scotland : therefore be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fir ft day of November, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, no'perfon (hall exercife the employment, function, or fervice of a chaplain, in any fa-Chaplains,See. nffily in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of a gover-m families to nor, tutor, or teacher of any child, children, or youth, refiding take the oaths, jn Scotland, or in parts beyond the Teas, without firft qualifying himfelf, by taking the oaths appointed by law to be taken by perfons in offices of publick truft, and caufinga certificate of his fie reViftered^0 having done t0 entered or regiftered in a book to be kept for that purpofe by the clerks of the fhires, fteWartries, or burghs in Scotland, where fuch perfon (hall refide; or in cafe of any fuch governor, tutor, or teacher of any fuch child, children, 6r youth, acting in parts beyond the feas, then in a book to be kept for that purpofe by the clerk of the fhire, ftewartry, or burgh, where the parent or guardian of fuefi child, children, or youth (hall refide. And if any perfon, from and after the faid firft day of November, fhall prefume to exercife the employment function, or fervice of chaplain, in any family in Scotland, or of a governor or teacher of children, or youth, as aforefaid, without having taken the faid oaths, and caufed the certificate of his having duly taken the fame, to be regiftered, as is above directed ; every perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more juftices of peace, or before any other judge competent of the place fummarily, fhall, for the Penalty* firft 0ffence5 fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of fix months ;

and for the fecond, or any fubfequent offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the court of jufticiary, or in any of the circuit courts, fhall be adjudged to be banifhed from Great Britain for the fpace of feven years,

XXIV.	Provided always, That it fhall be lawful for every ^forTha01^' chaplain, fchoolmafter, governor, tutor, or teacher of youth, lains, &c. of who of the communion of the church of Scotland, inftead of the church of the oath of abjuration appointed by law to be taken by perfons Scotland. in offices civil or military, to take the oath directed to be taken by preachers and expectants in divinity of the eftablifhed church of Scotland, by an aCt paffed in the fifth year of the reign of King ^ Geo. i.c.29. Qeorge f-ftg jrirft5 intituled. An aft for making more effectual the laws appointing the oaths for fecurity of the government to betaken by miniJlers and preacher sin churches and meeting-houfesin Scotland, and a certificate of his having taken that oath, fhall, to all in^-()	tents

Hosted by Google

r74^‘] Anno decimo nonoGEORGH II. c. 39.'	531

tents and purpofes, be as valid and effectual as the certificate of his having taken the oath of abjuration above-mentioned ; and he (hall be as much deemed to have qualified himfelf according to law, as if he had taken the abjuration appointed to be taken by perfons in civil offices*

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the

faid firft day of November, no perfon within Scotland fhall keep ^ chaplains, or entertain any perfon or chaplain in any family, or as governor, &Cr who have* tutor, or teacher of any child, children or youth, unlefs the not qualified 5 certificate of fuch perfon’s having taken the oaths to his Majef-ty be duly regiftered in manner above directed; and if any perfon (hall keep or entertain a chaplain in his family, or a governor, tutor, or teacher of any child, children, or youth under his care, without the certificate of fuch chaplain, governor, tutor or teacher’s having refpectively qualified himfelf, by taking the oaths to his Majefty, being duly regiftered in manner above-mentioned, every fuch perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of peace, or before any other judge competent, (hall, for the firft offence, fuffer imprifonment by the (pace of fix months ; and for the fecond, or any fubfequent offence, being thereof lawfully convicted before the court of judiciary, or in any of the circuit courts in Scotland, (hall fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of two years.

XXVI.	And for the better preventing any private fchools from being held or maintained, or any chaplain in any family, or any governor, tutor, or teacher of any children or youth, from being employed or entertained contrary to the directions

of this act, be it further enacted, That the (heriffs of (hires, and Sheriffs, See. ftewartries, and magiftrates of burghs of Scotland, (ball be offences obliged, and are hereby required, from time to time, to make gainft this diligent enquiry within their refpective jurisdictions, concerning act, &c. any offences that (hall be committed againft this act, and caufe the fame, being the firft offence, to be profecuted before them-felves; and in cafe of a fecond, or fubfequent offence, to give notice thereof, and of the evidence for proving the fame, to his Majefty’s advocate for the time being, Who is hereby required to profecute fuch fecond or fubfequent offences before the court of judiciary, or at the circuit courts.

The End of the Eighteenth Volume.

Hosted by Google