Anno 28 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For the relief of the out-pensioners of the royal hospital at Chelsea.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five.

Cap. 3. To indemnify members of cities, corporations, and borough towns, who have neglected to take the oaths of office, and to stamp their admissions; and for allowing them further time for those purposes.

Cap. 4. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and for the relief of the inhabitants of certain places in the county of Lincoln, in respect of arrears of the land tax.

Cap. 6. For taking away mortuaries in the archdeaconry of Chester, and giving a recompence therefore to the bishop of Chester as archdeacon of Chester, who holds and enjoys the said archdeaconry in right of his fee.

Cap. 7. Concerning the offices of sheriff depute and steward depute, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 8. For making navigable the river or brook called Sankey Brook, and the three several branches thereof, from the river Mersey below Sankey Bridges, up to Boardman's stone bridge on the south branch, to Gerard's bridge on the middle branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the north branch thereof, all in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also for adjusting the measure of coal, to be brought down the said river or brook, and sold within the town of Liverpool, in the said county.

Cap. 9. To prevent the holding of any market for the future in the high street of the borough of Southwark in the county of Surry.

Cap. 10. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. 11. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 12. To explain and amend a clause in an act made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better preservation of the game, in relation to the selling or offering to sale any game.

Cap. 13. For relief of insolvent debtors.

Cap. 14. For further explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fishery; and for giving further encouragement for the carrying on the said fishery; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For granting to his Majesty the sum of one million, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 16. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 17. To amend an act made in the twenty sixth vear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto.

Cap. 18. To continue several laws relating to the distemper now raging among the horned cattle in this kingdom.

Cap. 19. For making perpetual an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing the fts and robberies, and for regulating places of publick entertainment, and punishing persons keeping disorderly houses; for the further punishing persons selling ale or other liquors without licence; for the preventing the burning or destroying of goss, furze, or fern, in forests or chaces; for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices, and for the filing of affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

Cap. 20. For continuing, explaining, and amending, the several acts of parliament made for the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's subjects; and to authorize the payment of the bounty to Thomas Hood and others, upon three ships fitted out for the said fishery, and lost in the Greenland Seas.

Cap. 21. For making more effectual the laws prohibiting the importation of spirituous liquors in casks or vessels not containing sixty gallons, and of tea above the quantity of six pounds, found on board any British ship or vessel, not belonging to, or employed by, the East India company.

Cap. 22. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned, out of the sinking fund; and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and for carrying the surplus of certain duties to the sinking fund; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 23. To enable the churchwardens, overseers, and inhabitants of the parish of Saint Saviour, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surry, to hold a market within the said parish, not interfering with the high street in the said borough.

Cap. 24. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

Cap. 25. For continuing an act, intituled, An act for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America.

Cap. 26. For repairing and widening the road from the high bridge in the town of Ramsey in the county of Huntingdon, through King's Ripton, to the west end of Saint Peter's Lane in the parish of Saint John, within the borough of Huntingdon.

Cap. 27. For explaining, amending, and making more effectual several acts of parliament, relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of the town of Kingston upon Hull, and for better paving, preserving and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in the said town, and preventing obstructions therein; and for preserving the lamps, which shall be set up to enlighten the streets of the said town, and securing the property of such lamps to the owners.

Cap. 28. For repairing and widening the road from Sutton in the county of Surry, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Mill to Ewell; and also the road from Tadworth, by the Wind-Mill, to the bottom of Pebble Hill in the said county.

Cap. 29. For continuing and rendering more effectual an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for continuing the duty of twopennies Scots, or one sixth of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale and beer, that shall be vended or sold within the city of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the villages of Gorbels and Port Glasgow, and privileges thereof for the benefit of the said city and villages.

Cap. 30. To continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament passed in the sixth and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King George, for repairing the roads from Stevenage in the county of Hertford, to Bigleswade in the county of Bedford; and for repairing the roads from the north end of the said roads to the toll-gate at the north end of the said town of Bigleswade.

Cap. 31. For repairing and widening the several roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

Cap. 32. For establishing, maintaining, and well governing a nightly watch within the city of Bristol.

Cap. 33. For repairing the road from the north end of Brown's Lane in Great Stoughton in the county of Huntington, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the way post near Wellingborough Bridge in the county of Northampton, and from the pound in Kimbolton, to the way post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge in the said county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 34. For erecting and building a new chapel in the town of Wolverhampton in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 35. For repairing the road from a certain place in Bury in the county of Huntingdon, through Warboy, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltisley, Waresley, Gamlingay and Potton, to a house called the Spread Eagle in Stratton within the several counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge and Bedford.

Cap. 36. To continue and render more effectual several acts for repairing the road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the town of Cambridge; for repairing the road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and for repairing other ruinous parts of the highways adjacent to the road from Foulmire to Cambridge.

Cap. 37. For the better enlightening and cleaning the open places, squares, streets, lanes, alleys, passages and courts within the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London; and regulating the nightly watch and beadles within the said parish.

Cap. 38. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the borough of Dunbeved, otherwise Launceston, and parish of Saint Mary Magdalen in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 39. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh, to and from the city of Edinburgh, and from Crammond Bridge to the town of Queen's Ferry in the county of Linlithgow; and for making the said act more effectual.

Cap. 40. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Market Harborough in the county of Leicester, through the town of Lutterworth in the said county, to the city of Coventry.

Cap. 41. For enlightening the streets and lanes, and regulating the pavements, in the town of Leeds in the county of York.

Cap. 42. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a place called Mile-stone, in the road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the said county, and for widening the said roads; and also for repairing and widening the roads leading from the end of Culham Bridge next to Culham in the county of Oxford, to the end of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon in the county of Berks, and from the Major's Stone at the end of the Boar Street in the town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shipton in the said county of Berks, and from thence to the west end of the town of Fyfield in the same county.

Cap. 43. For establishing and maintaining a ferry across the river Thames, between the hamlet of Ratcliff in the county of Middlesex, and the parish of Rotherhithe in the county of Surry.

Cap. 44. For repairing and widening the road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hursborn Fryars, Andover and Middle Wallop in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner in the parish of Winterslow in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 45. For widening land repairing the road leading from Horsham in the county of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham and Leatherhead, to the watch-house in Ebbisham in the county of Surry; and from Capell, to Stem Street in the parish of Ockley in the said county of Surry.

Cap. 46. For repairing and widening the roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge in the county of Warwick, through the town of Southam in the same county, to the borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post in the village of Adderbury in the same county, through Kidlington, to the Mile-way leading towards the city of Oxford; and also the road leading from a place called the Two Mile Tree near the city of Oxford, over Gosford, otherwise Gossard Bridge, to a certain gate entering upon Weston on the Green in the said county.

Cap. 47. For repairing and widening the road from The Hand and Post at the top of Burford Lane in the county of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge in the county of Warwick; and also the road from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, to The Hand and Post in the parish of Dowdeswell in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 48. For repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, lying within the borough of Droitwich in the county of Worcester, or leading from the said borough, to the several places therein mentioned in the said county.

Cap. 49. For repairing and widening the road from Chudleigh Bridge in the parish of Hennock in the county of Devon, through the towm and borough of Ashbburton, to Brent Bridge in the parish of South Brent in the said county.

Cap. 50. For amending and widening the roads from the west end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth in the county of York, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne in the county of Lancaster, and from a place called the Two Laws, to Kighley in the said county of York.

Cap. 51. For repairing and widening the road from Thirsk, ewer Shipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor in the way to Rippon, and through Ainderby Quernhow and Nesterfeild, by Well-flashes Gate, to Masham in the county of York; and likewise for removing the toll-house and turnpike-gates at Busby Stobb in the said county, to some other convenient place in the road leadding from Borough Bridge to the city of Durham.

Cap. 52. For amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual two acts of parliament made in the second and seventeenth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the roads from Coleshill in the county of Warwick, through the city of Litchfield, to Stone in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the city of Chester, and several other roads in the said acts mentioned; and for enlarging the term and powers in the said several acts.

Cap. 53. For repairing and widening the road from Rochdale to Burnley in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 54. To enable the reverend William Markham doctor of laws, and Thomas Salter esquire, to build houses, and open a square in and upon a certain piece of ground called Dean's Yard Westminster, and several pieces of ground contiguous thereto.

Cap. 55. For building a bridge over the water or haven between the town of Sandwich, and the opposite shore in the county of Kent.

Cap. 56. To enable the parishioners of the parish of the Holy Trinity, in Guldeford in the county of Surry, to sell divers houses, lands, rents and annuities in the said parish, and in Stoke next Guldeford aforesaid; and to apply the money arising by sale thereof, towards rebuilding their parish church, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 57. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell, to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton in the county of Surry.

Cap. 58. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Manchester, by a place called the White Smithy in the township of Crumpsal, to the town of Rochdale, and from the said place called the White Smithy, by a place called Besses of the Barn, to the town of Bury, and from the said place called Besses of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 59. For repairing, widening, and amending the road from Cocking End, near Addingham in the west riding of the county of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 60. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds in the west riding of the county of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in Walton in the county of Lancaster, and from Skipton, thro' Gisburn and Clitheroe, to Preston in the said county of Lancaster.

Private Acts.

Anno 27 & 28 Georgii II. sess. 1.

An act for naturalizing Peter Michael Morin

Anno 28 Georgii II. sess. 2.

1. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste ground, in the manor and parish of Great Harborough in the county of Warwick.

2. An act for naturalizing Arnold Mello, John Swiccard Heinzelmann and James Banal.

3. An act for vesting Montagu house in trustees, and their heirs, freed and discharged from all the estates, uses and agreements, to which at present it stands limited and appointed, upon trust, to convey the same to the trustees of the British Museum, for a general repository, and upon such other trusts as therein are mentioned.

4. An act to impower the executors of Augustus, late earl of Berkeley, to make leases of his estates in Gloucestershire, during the minority of his children.

5. An act for vesting a copyhold messuage or tenement in the county of Middlesex, with the appurtenances, devised by the will of Mary, late duchess of Northumberland, in trustees, to enable them to sell and convey the same to the lady Jane Coke, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the uses appointed by the said will.

6. An act for confirming and establishing an agreement between the principal of Saint Mary Magdalen Hall in the university of Oxford, and Ellis Saint John clerk, for exchanging the advowson of the church of Southmoreton in the county of Berks, for the alternate presentation of the church of Finchamstead in the said county.

7. An act for exchanging of lands between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of Christ's Hospital, and John Leman esquire.

8. An act for explaining and making more effectual a power contained in the will of Sir William Morice, baronet, for making leases of his several estates in the counties of Devon and Cornwall.

9. An act for sale of part of the estate late of Sir Thomas Stradling baronet, deceased, in the counties of Glamorgan and Somerset, for discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for a division and settlement of other part thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

---

10. An act for felling part of the en-tailed estate of Sir fitary Ibbotfon baronet, and vesting other part thereof in him in fee-simple, end for laying out the money anting by such sale in the pturchafe other lands, to be settled? together with fotne other lands, whereof he is felted infee, in lieu of the lands lb to be loid, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11. An act for confirming and establishing the partition of the estate^ late of Sir George Chndkigb, and dame Frames his wife, Davie, and John Pollexfon esquire, and for settling the several speofick shares thereof, resulting from the said partition, to and for the several uses and purposes for which the several undivided parts thereof were vested and settled before the said partition, and for authorising leases to be made of divers parts of the premisses.

12. An act for establishing and confirming a partition of the estates late of Stephen Neribleigh esquire, and Margaret his wife, Sufatina Yards widow, dame Frames leighl and Trypbena Davie spinster, and for settling the several specifick thares and allotments thereof upon and for the benefit of the several parties

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parties intitled to the several undivided shares of the said estates, before the said partition, and for other purposes therein mentioned,

13. An act for vesting divers lands, tenements and hereditaments in the county of Cambridge % settled on die marriage of Peter Leheup the yourtg-cr, esquire, in trustees, to oe fold and conveyed pursuant to articles, and for laying out the purchase-money in another ertate, to be settled to the uses of his marriage settlement.

14. An act for vesting certain houses and tenements at Wendover in the county of Bucks* late the ertate of John Hampden esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for applying the purchase money in such manneras the residue of his personal ertate is by his will directed to be applied.

15. An act for the Tale of several estates of Robert Stansfield enquire in the county of York* and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other ertates in the said county of York* to be settled to the like uses,

i6. An act for sale of certain messuages, lands and hereditaments in the county of Worcester* late the ertat.of Thomas Mason deceased, pursuant to an agreement, and for applying the money arising thereby, for discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act for rectifying and supplying several defects and omifllons in Certain common recoveries, suffered by Edward Spelman esquire.

18. An act for rectifying and supplying a mirtake'and omission in a a settlement made of the ertate of Mary Blewitt widow, on the marriage of Edmond Blewitt* her cldert fen, and for settling the said ertate on his issue male, and for raising portions for his younger brothers.

19. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Fraunceis Kirkham* and Damans his wife, in trustees, to be sold for payment of incumbrances affecting the same, prior to their marriage settlement; and for laying out the surplus, if any, in the purchase of other lands, tobe settled to the uses of the same settlement.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the common field and breeks in the manor and parish of Brasr-ibajler in the county of Norfolk* and for extinguishing the several rights of common and sheep-walk over the said field and breeks, and over certain Half-year Closes and pieces of common in the said manor and parish, and for granting another right of common to the owners of certain dwelling-houses in the manor and parish aforesaid.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields and certain lands lying dispersed in the Half-year Closes belonging to the manor of Swanton with Warthingy within the pari foes of Swanton Morley and Worthing in the county of Norfolk, and for extinguifoing the several rights of common and sheep-walk over the said fields and Half-year Closes, and over certain lands called the Breeks, lying within the said manor and parishes.

22. An act to confirm and establish an agreement for dividing and inclosing several fields, meadows, pastures, moors and greens'in the lordfoip of Stillingfleet in the county of York, and for settling certain yearly payments to the* impropriators of the redory, and to foe vicar of SiiLlugfeot aforesaid, in lieu of the great and (mail tythes: belonging to the said redory and vicarage.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, waste grounds, and, commonable lands in the parish of Kenilworth

A TABLE of the STATUTES

in the county of Warwick.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing the common: fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste ground in the manor and parish of Church-, flwr in the county of Warwick.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields and pastures or commons in the township of Slingsby in the county of York.

26. An act to confirm and establish, an agreement for dividing and indoling several fields, meadows, and a cow-pasture in Knighton in the county of Leicester.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields and pastures or commons in the township of Nun-t burnholme in the county of York.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common, meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Norton by Daventry in the county of Northampton.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing certain wastes and commons in the manor of Calverly in the west riding of the county of York.

30. An act for the inclosing, dividing, and exchanging the common fields, common meadows, and other grounds in the townships of Mctrjk and Redcarr, within the manor of Morjk in Cleveland in the north riding of the county of York\ and for providing a certain recommence to the vicar of Marjk, in lieu yof his tythes, and the greatest part of his glebe.

31. An act to enable John Freflon esquire, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Scrivener»

32. An act to enable Samuel Blackwell, heretofore called Samuel Kelluan % and his heirs, to take and use the surname of Blackwell only, t porfuant to the mil of Jonathan Blackwell dcocased, and to hear, the like, arms which were borne by the Slid Jonathan Blackwell.

33. An act to enable Alexander Ready esquire, and his issue by Sophia his wife (late Sophia Edwards)' to take and use the surname of Colston % pursuant to the will of Edward Colston esquire, deceased, and to bear the like arms which wore borne by the said Edward Colston.

34. An act to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman esquire, to take and use the surname of Broadheadi pursuant to the will of Henry Broad-head esquire, dec eased.

35. An act to enable Wenrrum Coke9 heretofore called IVenman Roberts esquire, and his issue male, to take the surname of Coke only, pursuant to the direction of the will of Sir Edward Coke baronet, deceased; and that the said Wtnman Coke* and his iftiie male, may bear the arms of the said Sir Edward Coke.

36. An act to enable William Lowndes Stone*squire, lately called William Lowndes the younger, esquire, and Catharine his wife, and others there* in named, to take- and use the surname, and bear the arms of Stone, pursuant to the will of Francis Lowe esquire, deceased.

37. An act to enable Christopher Souls-by esquire, now called Christopher Reed9 and his heirs, to take and use the surname and arms of Reed.

38. An act to, enable the honourable Harbottle Grinflon esquire, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname of Lucky* > pursuant to the wills of Sir Harbettle Luciyn baronet, and Edward Lutkyn esq; deceased.

39. An act for naturalizing Otto E-tvald Seiler, Albert Mahlflede and John Conraid Heinzelmann

40. An act for naturalising Frederick Nujfen.

41. An act to enable his Majesty to grant

A TABLE of the STATUTES

1 f&itthuvevertoii of dfrett tattds and hereditaments in tfteeountyof #rJ, ift tnift for' Richard Crowle esquire, in exchange for houses and lands near his MajestyY palace of Windsor, and for other consideration to be paid for the same.

42. An act for establishing an exchange of diver? lands and' tythes iti Mytto in the county of York, for other tands and hereditaments in the said county, pursuant to an agreement between the lord arch-bishop vrf York; as appropfiator;

the bishop of Norwich, lessee of the rectory 5 and Henry Herd clerk, vicar of the pafifti church; and Sir Bryan Staplyten, lord of the manor of Mytotaforesaid.

43. An act for confirming artd efta-Wifhingan exchange of divers lands in Little Leake in the county of Nottingham., pursuant to an agreement between Francis lord Middle-ten, and Robert Bird, esquire, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

44. An act for vesting the settled estate of Sir John Dutton Colt baronet, in trustees, to be sold for discharging several incumbrances assessing the same; and for laying out the surplus of the money ariiingby such sale, in the purchase of other lands* to be settled to the same uses.

45. An act to impower Edward Walter esquire, and divers other persons claiming under the wills of his grandfather and brother respectively, to make leases of the several lands and hereditaments purchased, and to be purchased, since the will of Peter Walter the grandfather, and in pursuance of the same.

46. An act for vesting the settled estate of Edmund Bramston esquire, and Henrietta Maria his wife, in trustees, for raising federal sums of money for discharging portions charged upon' the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

47. An act for vesting the mane* of North Weston, and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Oxford, the estate of Francis Clerke esquire, in trustees, in trust, to sell the same, to raise money for payment of debts and incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

48. An act for charging the settled and unsettled estates of Gilbert Caldecot esquire, with raising money to pay his debts and incumbrances; and for limiting his unsettled estate so charged to the uses of his marriage settlement.

49. An act for disolving the marriage of Richard Morgan esquire, with Anne Halt his now wife, And to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

50. An act for confirming and establishing an agreement for inclosing Ofmotherley moor, or Common, in the county of York, and for rendering the said agreement moreeffeftual for the purposes thereby !w-tended.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing Breajion cow pasture in the County of Derby.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, within the manor and parish of Htsw* ling in the county of Gloucester.

53. An act for naturalizing Peter John Fremeaux, Adriana GonjUthtia Fremeaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Mar ria Catherina Fremeaux, and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux, who are all infants under the age of eighteen years.

54. An act for naturalizing Jacob Kirkman.

55. An act for naturalizing John Ulric Passavant.

Anno regni GEORGII II. Regis Magna Britannia, Francice, &* Hibernia, vicesimo octavo.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Westminster, the thirty-first day of May Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of our sovereign lord George the Second, by the grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King* defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the fourteenth day of November following^ being the second session of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for the relief of the out-pensioners of the royal hospital at Chelsea.

WHEREAS the out-pensioners of the royal hospital at Chelsea^ for the relief of maimed and worn out soldiers, are by the present method of payment of the out-pension (namely, the payment of a year's pension only, after the same is become due) exposed to sundry and great hardships and difirejfes, and the said out-pensioners on their admission to the pension^ necessitated to tale up money for present substfience on credit, of persons called Money Lenders, on terms many times oppressive and usurious, to the extreme detriment of these meritorious objects of the royal bounty, and generous provision of parliament, and to the unwarrantable emoluments of persons who make advantage of their necessities: for the prevention of all which abuses ?nd mischiefs; be it cnadied by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all assignments, bargains, sales, contracts, orders, agreements, or securities what- Assignment* soever, made by any out-pensioner, for, upon, or in respect of ^nsionsbc' any sum or fum$ of money to become due, for or on account of jbre'due, dea the out-pension of the royal hospital at Chelsea, to such out-pen- dared void, sioners who shall be admitted thereunto, from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, shall be absolutely null and void to all intents and purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That A(jvanrt m(K, every out-pensioner who shall, after the said twenty fifth day of ncy to December one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, be admit- to persons at ted on the pension lift, shall, on such his admission, receive in their ad miffioo advance, such proportion of the pension, as shall be equal to the jjthe PcaAo* remaining number of days of the current half year which shall then remain unexpired: and from and tfter the end of the said

half-

t18 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. i.

[1755.

Pension to be half-year, shall on his personal appearance, or affidavit that such af-aiha!irS out-pensioner was living during the whole or part of the half-yearly In ad- preceding, and reciting the place of his abode (such affi-iance. davit to be made before a justice of the peace of any county, riding, division, city, town, liberty or place in Great Britain or Ireland, where such out-pensioner shall reside, for the taking of which affidavit no fee or reward shall be paid) continue to receive in advance the said pension by half-yearly payments.

Pensions of

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

those admit- all out-pen(ioners who are already admitted on the said out-ted before 15 pension, or shall be admitted thereto before the said twenty-beCpaidac-to day 0$ December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four,

cording to the shall continue to receive their pensions according to the rules former regu- and regulations already established, until the twenty fifth day of htions till 25 December one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, and that and from* from thenceforth they likewise shall receive their pensions in ad-thenceforth vance, in the same manner as is above directed in respect of to be paid in such out-pensioners as shall be admitted on the ou(-pension after advance. the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred Alignments and fifty four, and all alignments, bargains, Tales, orders, con-of pension, be- tracts, agreements, or securities whatsoever, which shall be given fore due, are or made by any such out-pensioner, for, upon, or in respect of*any ftim or Turns of money to become due on any of the said

advanced half yearly payments, shall be absolutely null and void to all intents and purposes.

Agent for out-

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tfiat pension to re- it shall and may be lawful for such agent as shall be appointed 5*ive the same*by his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for the payment of the from foe trea Out-PCItf1011n the manner herein directed, and the said agent surer, and o' f° appointed is hereby authorized and directed to receive in ad-pay or remit vance from the treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for the time being, the same to the such monies as shall be necessary to discharge the same, and to pensioners, &c. pay or the said pension to the out-pensioners as aforesaid $ which said agent is hereby impowered and directed to give a receipt or acquittance for the said monies to the said treasurer; which receipt or acquittance shall be a full and final discharge to the said treasurer for such sum or sums so paid by him to the said agent; and the auditors of the imprefts are hereby authorized and required to pass and allow all such acquittances in the accounts of Treasury to the said treasurer of Chelsea Hospital; and the lord high treafu-issue money in rer, or of or the treasury for the time being, or any advance for three or more of them, are lidreby authorized and required to <jhCn advance to the treasurer of Chelsea Hospital such sum or

warrantPof the sums of money> 38 from time to time shall be necessary for the commission- payment of the said out-pension, upon such warrant, establish-ers. ment or orders, as shall be signed by the of of

Chelsea Hospital, or any three or more of them.

State and lifts V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That °enfionsUtobe^comm*oners of Chelsea Hospital, or any three of them, are made°up half- hereby authorized and directed to make up or cause to be made yearly. up the last da)' or days of every half year, an exact state or lift

219

of the number of out-pensioners borne on the out-pension, and who have either personally appeared, or have been certified by proper affidavits as aforesaid to be living during the whole or part of the said half year then expiring.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, That the said of Commission-of Chelsea Hospital, or any three of them, shall on such lifts orrs on the lifts {fates lo exhibited to them, make out or cause to be made out, before

a warrant to the treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for the time being, outa' warrant and shall sign the same, authorizing and directing the said trea- for the money, surer to issue and pay in advance unto the hands of an agent appointed as aforesaid, such sum or sums as may and shall be requisite and necessary for the payment of the out-pension as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Treasurer to That the said treasurer of Chelsea Hospital shall and may with- deduct i s. in hold and deduct one shilling in the pound from and out of all ^Hedas* monies which shall from and after the said twenty fifth day ofhisA^jesty* December one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, be applica- shall direct, ble to the payment of the said out-pension, as well as from and.

out of all monies which shall be directed to be issued in advance to the out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; which monies so deducted shall be applied in the manner which his Majesty, his heirs and successors shall by warrant Pension to be under his royal sign manual, direct; and that after the deduc- paid without tien of the said sum of one shilling in the pound, the said pen- °.ther deduc? lions shall be paid to the persons intitled thereto without any tien* other deduction, fee, stoppage or charge whatever: and if the Agent taking laid agent to be appointed for the payment of the said pensions, fees for paying or any other agent or clerk employed in paying the same, shall b^cashier'd0 exact or take any fee or reward whatsoever, for or on account and forfeit* of paying the said pension, or on any other account whatsoever xool. relative to the said out-pension, such person or persons so offending shall ipso facto lose and forfeit their said office or employment, and shall over and above forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, within twelve calendar mctaths after the offence committed; in which said suit no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance, and be deemed incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in any office or employment civil or military whatsoever.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five.

EXP.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 3. [1755.

CAP. III.

An act to indemnify members of cities, corporations, and borough towns, who have neglected to take the oaths of office, and to stamp their admissions; and for allowing them further time for those purposes.

WHEREAS divers persons members of cities, corporations, and borough towns, within that part of Great Britain called England, upon their being admitted officers or members of such cities, corporations or borough towns, have through ignorance of law, and of their particular charters or constitutions, omitted to take their oath of office, or have not taken such oaths before a competent number of persons, or before persons duly qualified, or in such manner as is prescribed by their respective charters and constitutions; or if such oaths have been taken, yet a proper entry thereof, or of the members then present, hath not been made in the proper books kept for that purpose; nevertheless such persons have continued to act as members of such cities, corporations, and borough towns, whereby great disputes may arise concerning the same, and the validity of the acts of such person or persons during the time he or they was or were so disqualified, or not capable of proving his or their qualifications, by reason of such neglect as aforesaid: for preventing whereof, and of all damage and inconvenience that may arise therefrom; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every such member or members, Officer or officers of any city, corporation or borough town, within that part of Great Britain called England and Wales, who shall, on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, take the several oaths by law, custom, or otherwise required or used to be taken in every such city, corporation or borough town respectively, for the offices yrhich they now respectively hold, enjoy and execute, before such a competent number of persons as are required by their respective charters, and constitutions; or if after a legal summons such competent number shall not appear, then before such or so many of the members of such respective cities, corporations or borough towns, as shall thii\k fit to be present, is and are, and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as member or members, officer or officers of such cities, corporations and borough towns respectively, to all intents and purposes, and shall and may hold, enjoy and execute the same, or any other office or offices into which he or they have or hath been elected, notwithstanding his or their omission as aforesaid, or the omissions of any of their predecessors, in the said cities, corporations or borough towns, and shall be indemnified, freed and difr charged of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties and damages, by rc^son of any such omission, and none

221

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 4, 5, 6.

of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided for or by reason of any of the omissions aforesaid.

II. And whereas admissions of several members and officers into cities^ corporations, and borough towns, which by several acts of parliament are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been provided, or the same not duly stampedy oY may have been lost or mislaid\ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ThatT; rae allowed for the relief of such persons whose admissions may not have for providing been provided, or not duly stamped as aforesaid, or where the admissions to same have been loft or mistaid, it shall and may be lawful to and ^uSified

for such persons on or before the said twenty ninth day of Sep- q

timber one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, to provide, or cause to be provided, admissions duly stamped; and such persons so providing admissions duly stamped as aforesaid, are, and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as member or members, officer or officers of such cities, corporations, and borough towns respectively, to all intents and purposes, and shall and may hold, enjoy, and execute the same, or any other office or offices into which he or they have or hath been elected, notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of their predecessors, in such cities, corporations, or borough towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified, freed, and discharged, of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties and damages, by reason of any such omission, and none of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided for or by reason of the same.

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- Limitations of tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore

or intitle any person or persons to any office or employment, matter or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by judgement of any of his Majesty's courts of record, or alreaay filled tip or enjoyed by another person; but that such office, employr roent, matter or thing, so avoided, or filled up and enjoyed as aforesaid, shall be, and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now intitled to the same, as if this act had not been made.

CAP. IV.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and for the relief of the inhabitants of certain places in the county of Lincoln, in respect of arrears of the land tax.

EXP. At as. in the pound.

CAP. VI.

An act taking away mortuaries in the archdeaconry of Chester, and giving a recompence therefore to the bishop of Chester as archdeacon of Chester, who holds and enjoys the said archdeaconry in right of his fee.

ai HenryS. c. 6.

Upon the first vacancy or avoidance of the living of Waver ton, the payment of mortuaries in the archdeaconry of Chester to cea/e;

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 6. [1755.

WHEREAS in and by an act of parliament made and passed in the one and twentieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, Where mortuaries ought to be paid, for what persons, and how much, and in what case none is due; it is among other things provided, That it Should hb lawful to the archdeacon of Chester, to take such mortuaries of the priejis within his jurisdiction as thentofore had been accustomed: and whereas the bishops of the said diocese of Chester, as archdeacons of Chester for the time being, have accordingly used to demand and take, and do continue to demand and takey mortuaries upon the death of every clergyman within the jurisdiction of the said archdeacon of Chester; and the said mortuaries con fifing of several of the best goods of the deceascd, do oftentimes amount to a very confederate part of his estate and effects, and the payment thereof doth very much lessen the small provision which ordinarily the clergy within the said archdeaconry are able to make for the support of their families, and tends greatly to the impoverishing the same: and whereas the bishops of Chester as archdeacons of Chester for the time being, are seised of the advowson, right of patron-agey and presentation of in and to the rectory of the parish church of Waverton alias Wareton, in the said diocese and archdeaconry of Chester, and the right reverend Edmund now lord bishop of Chester, at the instance and request, and upon the proposal of the great-eft part of the clergy within the said archdeaconry hath consented.that all the mortuaries or corfeprejents due and payable upon the death of clergymen within the said archdeaconry shall for the future cease and be abolishedy so as that in lieu thereof, and as a compensation for the famey the said rectory or parsonage of Waverton alias Ware-ton, with the appurtenances thereof shall be annexed to the said archdeaconry of Chester, and held and enjoyed by the said bishop as archdeacon of Chester, and his successors for ever ysubject nevertheless to such stipend and provision for a minister or curate of the said parish and parish church of Waverton alias Wareton, and his successors, as is herein after mentioned; and as the carrying such proposal and request into execution and effect would contribute greatly to the satisfaction, encouragement, and benefit of the clergy within the said archdeaconry: therefore for the answering, obtaining, and accomplishing the good ends and purposes afore-mentioned; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the aforesaid proviso or clause contained and inserted in the said act, and herein before set forth or recited, and all and every clause or proviso contained and inserted in the same afo far as the same do respectively relate to the taking of any mortuary or corfepresent upon the death of any clergyman within the said archdeaconry of Chester, shall immediately, from and after such time as the said church or living of Waverton alias Wareton, in the diocese and archdeaconry of Chester, shall become void by the death, resignation, cession or deprivation of John Prefcot clerk, the present incumbent, stand, and be absolutely repealed, annulled and void; and all and every custom

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 6. 223

or usage, customs or usages, of and for paying, demanding or taking any mortuary or corfepresent, or any goods, chattels, effects or things, for or in the name of a mortuary or corfepre-sent, upon the death of any clergyman within the said archdeaconry of, Chester, shall, from and after such first vacancy or avoidance of the said church or living of Waverton alias JVareton, be utterly void, and totally abolished for ever; and no mortuary or and no com-C9rfepresent, or sum or sums of money for or in lieu of, or pensation to in the name thereof, or in commutation for the same, shall be °e Pjld, ?r, deJ yielded, paid, answered or satisfied, or be due or payable by or [hereof.* from any person or persons to any bishop of the said diocele of Chester, either as diocesan or archdeacon of Chester for the time being, or to any person or persons authorized by or claiming under him, them, or any of them $ and that from and after such vacancy or avoidance as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful to and for the archdeacon of Chester or his successors, farmers, bailiffs or lessees, or any of them, or any person or persons whatsoever claiming by or under such archdeacon or his successors, to taker receive or demand, of any person or persons whatsoever, any manner of mortuary or corfepresent, or any sum or sums of money, or other thing for or in lieu or name of, or in commutation for any mortuary or corfepresent, or to convene, cite, sue or prosecute any person or persons, before any judge spiritual, or in any of his Majesty's courts of law, or other court whatsoever, for the recovery of, or for, touching or concerning any mortuary or corfepresent, or any thing in lieu thereof, for or by reason or on account of the death of any priest or clergymah within the said archdeaconry of, Chester, at any time afte7 such vacancy or avoidance as aforesaid; any thing in the said recited act, or any law, custom or usage whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Vp01? the cx-That as a recompence and compensation to the bishop of Chester ^Q^uaries as archdeacon of Chester for the time being, and his successors, [he rectory of for such mortuaries as are mentioned or intended to be extin- Waverton to guished and abolished by this act as aforesaid, all that the rec-1* annexed to tory or parsonage and church of Waverton alias Wareton, in the

diocese and archdeaconry of, Chester, with all the lands, tene- lc er* ments, tythes, tenths, oblations, obventions, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken or known, as part, parcel or member thereof, shall from and immediately after such vacancy or avoidance of the said church or living, be vested in the bishop of Chester and his successors, and shall from thenceforth be appropriated, annexed, and united to the fee and bishoprick of Chester for ever; and all and every the rights, dues, profits, benefits and advantages whatsoever, of the said rectory, or in any wise incident, belonging or appertaining to the same, shall from thenceforth be had, received, taken and enjoyed, by the said bishop of Chester and his successors for ever.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the

Bishop to nominate a curate to hold the said living.

with a yearly salary of 6ol.

to be paid quarterly,

and recoverable as»9 Car. x. c. 3. directs.

First fruits and tenths referred to the crown.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. U«Br6.

authority aforesaid, That upon the first vacancy or avoidance of the said church or living of IVaverton alias Htareton^ which shall happen next after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the bishop of Chester for the time being, and he and his successors in the said fee of Chester hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoint a curate or minister, duly qualified according to law to hold a living with cure of fouls, to be curate, minister, or incumbent of the said parish and parish church of IVaverton alias lVaretony and who shall reside in the said parish, and officiate and perform divine service and offices in the said church, according to the ul'age of the church of England as by law established, and have anti enjoy such yearly stipend as is herein after mentioned; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the bishop of Chester. (or the time being, upon every subsequent vacancy or avoidance of the said curacy gr living, for ever, to nominate and appoint a person duly qualified as aforesaid, to be curate or minister of the said church or living.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That one yearly Hipped or yearly sum of sixty pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, free from all reprizes and deductions whatsoever, shall, from and after such first vacancy or avoidance of the said church living of IVaverton alias Waretrn, and such nomination.oi'^fep-polntment of ? minister, curate, or incumbent, to o/fipiafa therein as aforesaid, be yelled in and settled upon such curate, or incumbent, and his successors, ministers, pr curate^, of the said parish and parish church of IVaverton alias Warrttin> for, ever, and shall be from thenceforth charged upon and ilfairtjj and payable out of the said rectory or parsonage of JVaver; loii\-W^JVareton^ hereby veftedin the said bishop and hisfuccdUBrS, as, aforesaid, and the fruits, profits, and income thereof, TJy quarterly payments on the feasts- of the annunciation of Urn blessed virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John Baptist/'Bilik Michael the archangel, and the birth of our Lord Cm equal portions, the firit payment thereof to begin and

at pr on such of the feasts or days as shall first happen affePui^ nomination or appointment of such miniftcf, curate or inclltAbent, as aforesaid; and that every such minister, curate dr tntjuht-bent, for the time being, shall have fupl\and the likepoWeretftto remedies for recovering and receiving the said yearly fthpaidfif fi^xty pounds, and all arrears thereof, as by an act br p&clra'-mept m^de in the twenty ninth year of the late RingCharles the Secopd, intituled, An act for confirming and perpetuating augmentations made by ettUftajlical per fans tp fmlt vicarages and curactes, are given to any vicar or curate for recovering the augmentations thereby veiled in, secured to.or provided for him and them respectively.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the right, title or interest of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of, in or to the first fruits and tenths now or heretofore due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors

225

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 7.

tors, for or in respect of the said redory and church of IVavet+

*m sfias Wanton, but that such first fruits and tenths shall continue to be levied and paid in like manner, as the same are and were before the passing of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VL Saving aUo to the King's majesty, his heirs and succes- Rcfervatlort of iors, and to all and every other person and persons, bodies po- ocher rights in Kdefc and corporate, his, her and their heirs, successors* exe- the kid pariflv colors and admknstrators, other than the said bishop of Chester W»d his facceflors, as well in and to the said bishoprick and fee, at in and to the archdeaconry of Chester respectively, all such effete, right, title and interest of, in, to or out of the said rectory and church of Waverton alias Wanton aforesaid? as they* every or any of them had, before the passin* this act, or could or might have hacTand enjoyed in Case this act had not been made.

VII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That this act shall Publick act be taken and deemed to be a publick act, in all courts whatsoever.

CAP. VII.

An act concerning the offices of sheriff depute and steward depute, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for taking away and abo-o Geo. *. c. 4j. Iishing the heretable jurisdictions in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making satisfaction to the proprietors thereof; and for reftorine fu^h jurisdictions to the crown; and for making more effectual provision for the administration of justice throughout that part of the united kingdom, by the King's courts and judges there; and for obliging all persons acting as procurators, writers or agents in the law of Scotland, to take the oaths; and for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more complete; it is, among other things, enacted, That there Should be but one sheriff depute or Jleward depute, in any county, Shire or stewartrie in Scotland, not thereby taken away or abrogated, and that be Should be an advocate of three years Jlanding at the leaf, and Should, during the spactof seven years, from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by warrant under his or their sign manual, with such continuance as his Majesty, his heirs or successors Should think fit; and that after the end of the said seven years, the offices of JberiJf depute and steward depute,

Should be granted and held ad V itam aut Culpam only, with competent salaries, to be ascertained and established for the time of their continuance: and whereas the salutary ends and purposes of the said offices, and the wife regulations made by the said act concerning the same, will befi be answered by the said sheriffs and Jlewards depute, continuing to be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in the like manner as they have hitherto been; be it thefore enacted by Vol. XXL Q. the

226 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. cj, &.

[1755.

the King's most excellent majesty, by and witfi^he ^Vi££ai^ conrent of the lords (pirihul and temporal*, and comdtons in tfus present parliament afieraWed* and by the authority of the Cl f*the kme* That so much of the act above recited as enacs, redteVadt That after the end of (even years, from and after the said twen-

repaled. tv fifth day of March^the offices of sherifff depute and steward

depute, shall be granted and-held ad Vitam aut Culpam, shall be. Sheriff and and is hereby repealed; and that the sheriff deputes and steward ute^tohold ^Putes» already nameddr hereafter to be named, shall, dur-their officenS the fp*ce °* fifteen Vears, from and after the expiration of for 15 years of the said seven years, bold and enjoy their respective offices for his Majesty, as such continuance as tril Majesty already hath, or his Majesty, ^d^afierwffich* faeceflbfs, shall hereafter think fit to appoint, by

to ho^ad 1 n warrant under his or theft sign manual, and that from and after

vitam aut the end of the said fifteen years, the offices of sheriff depute and

Culpam. steward depute shall be granted and held ad Vitam aut Culpam only, with competent falatfes tb be ascertained and established for the time of their continuance.

CAP. VIII.

An act for making navigable the river or brook called Sankey Brook, and the three several branches thereof, from the river Mersey below Sankey Bridges, up to Boardman's stone bridge on the south branch, to Gerard's bridge on the middle branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the north branch thereof, all in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also for adjusting the measure of coal, to be brought down the said river or brook, and sold within the town of Liverpool, in the said county.

WHEREAS the river or brook called Sankey

county palatine of Lancaster, from toe }lace where E mpties itself into, and communicates with the river Mersey, below ban-key Bridges, is capable of being made navigable up the (treafn or current of the said river or brook, and of the three fevered brawdoet thereof \ videlicet, To Bozrdmzn9 s flonebridgeKn?ar Saint Trytfens, on the south branch thereof, \ to Gerard's Bridge on the mi£ilehfanch thereof \ and to Penny Bridge onrthe north branch thereof^ mi the making and rendering the same navigable, within the Hriiififlfeje-mentioned\ for boats, flats, and other vessels^ would tend gritty to the benefit and advantage, of great numbers of tradefnten and tto-nufaflurers within the counties#<palatini of Lancaster and Charter, and be a great relief and convenience to the poor inhabitants in /Aftfind places, and contribute to the improvement^and in^reafe of the trtidt.ond navigation of this kingdom: wherefore for attaining and effect&g the good ends and purposes aforesaid, be it enacted.

Undertakers have power to enlarge the brook and streatris. tiot fcn$d any new mills on the river, or warehouses in any garden, &c: C6ramissioners appointed for settling differences. Commimoner* to mediate, and determine satisfaction \ of to issue a warrant to sheriffs or coroner, to return a jury. Parties to have lawful challenges. CoramifHoners

to

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. C.g. 227

sums assessed by rtiejury; which shall be binding fl-^sSmflcampSaKiihV"*rrieto be fcejrt amongst the records of the quar-ui# f«flfo*9br*beeoiMty of Larfatter* A cleric to be appointed, and his'of OmoonanMifianfers meeting for approving a clerk,

aaypxent of Sym* ^efl^d for damages, undertakers may cut, dig, -oipmimoners oualmcabou. It shall be lawful for the undertakers, gdod*, carried, ftp or down the river above Sankey Bridge, mentioned, viz. for every ton of coal, (tones, timber^. hr other ^oods. any fumnot exceeding iod. Lime

dtAenof veffti* to give iptrue atoount of their lacting, or to forfeit 79.

A4h P&biaftet* hive their names on the outudes of their boats*

-Tcpwteto inea(urc am|rgauge v«l!eU. Contents to be entered in abobk, wvft names of the owner and matter, and number of the vefleL Al*

Rnmntt* of duties for deficiency of loading. Undertakers may set up Lvindltt knd Orfiirenginee* Boatm after or owner answerable for damages erewv Pmhns 00 board having nets, kc. not being ooahfied, to faact; |lr The river not under the survey of of ot fcweri.

Undertakers to secure sands from being overflowed. fcJew bridges to be made over cun. Future damages to be lbttled by the Commissioners. Penalty on undertaken neglectng to repair bridges, gates or (tiles. Flood gala, Sec. to let the water iAtO the lands, for the improvement thereof; avpphanra dot to be opened between the first of May and tenth of October, at undertakers do not make a sufficient number of flood-gates, &c. Com-ftftflfofters to direct others to be made. Persons wilfully opening filth flood-tofbdfeit to the land owners sol. or be committed to the house of OOipcUo!I. Persons mabdously destroying the works. See. guilty of felony,

*nrf liable to be transported. Undertakers to begin before the 29th of 3Septv< 1751, and dnish before the 49th of Sept. 9766. fn default com-indfionfri to appoint new undertakers. Persons overloading and obstruc-ring the passage of the river, to forfeit 5l. Vessels not to lie in the river, eottfr Ob(lruction of others. Vessels sunk to be weighed up and detained tifi &ti^actioA made2 Fishing and fowling saved to owners. Pltafure-d6to See, not carrying goods. Undertakers impowered to extend the navigation eight hundred yards above the three bridges. A ttandard bbfhel pt brafsto be made, and kept by the deck of the market. I>e*l<xsdn tdai tOuJe sealed measures. Bushels, and other smaller measureVt^bc ftf'bpdriy fitted for work, and (ealed before made ufc of.

CAP. IX.

An act to prevent the holding of any market for the future in the high street of the borough of Southwark in the county of Surry.

X\m Vry-

WHEREAS the fate Kite Edward the Sixths ty his royal c \vjf*charter in the fourth year of his reign, did, among other1* fbikgfy give and grant unto the payor and commonalty and citizens vfimi tiff of London^ that they and their successors Should have with-akthtboroUgb and-lotion of Southwark, in the county of Surry, one marketer markets to be there hofden, and htl things which to a market diappertainor may appertain for ever: and whereas ty an art of parliament pajfii in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, it was enacted, That the fud market Jbaiia continue and be % ept in the same place where it bad been anciently, and was at the time of mating the said act, kept: and that the said market Should not be kept in any other place whatsoever: and whereas the high Jireet of the said borough, where the said market is

Q, 2 now

c-P

22ft

No market for the future to be held in the High Street 5

or stall created for felling garden ware, &c.

The setting up flalls, and the (landing of empty coaches, or other carriages, in the street, deemed a nuisance.

No coachman, See. to ply or Hand in the ilrett*

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. t[1755.

mtu kM, Uading from London Bridge /^7 SainTt is a mat thoroughfare to and from the counties

Sussex i and the holding of the/aid market in the fdrd high Jfr&i hath ban found inconvenient from the great in&ease of coaches, tai^ and other carriages passing and repassing through the same, whrch Sdth occasioned frequent jlops % and is a great ohjlrutlion to trade bred salt? merce: for remedy whereof, may it please your the humble petition of the said mayor and commonalty ihcLq-tizens, who are desirous to give up the said market, and the fits arising thereby, for the convenience and accommodation of the publick, that it may be enacted; and be it ena&ecTby the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advictarid ettfr-sent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commonsln thifpre-sent parliament assembled, and by the authority of thelBiche, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one tfcou-sand seven hundred and fifty six, no market whatsoever (halt be kept or held in the said high street of the borough of Southtddrk in the county of Surry; any law, Statute, usage or custotn to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of March one thcttTand seven hundred and fifty six, it shall not be lawful for aayperson or persons whatsoever to creds, place or use any stall, trussel, block or other (land, in the said high street of the said borough, or td sell or expose to sale, any ppas, beans, herbs, victuals or Other commodities whatsoever, in or upon any stall, trussel, stand, shed or carriage whatsoever, in the said high street of the borough of Southwark.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, every erecting, placing or using on or in any part of the said high street, of any stall, trussel, block or other thing, and also the felling or exposing to sale, of any commodities on them or any of them, and every placing or (landing of any empty coach, cart, dray or other carriage', in any part of the fakl -high street /except only during the tpue s>f the loading or unloading thereof, and that to be done inyri-fonabletime) shall be deemed, and is hereby declared toJjM a common nuisance.

IV. And, for the better keeping the said hi^h street j^ding and from London Bridge to Saint Margaret's Hill aforesaid free

id clear from any obstru<ftions of hackney coaches, stageciadft-j, carts, carrs, drays, waggoas and other carriages (landing in the said high street, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, it shall not be lawful for any coachman or driver to stand or ply or be permitted to stand or ply for hire with any coach or other carriage whatsoever in the said high street, or for any carman, caster, drayman or driver of any carriage whatsoever to stand or remain or be permitted to stand or remain with any cart, carr, dray, waggon

to

and

es.

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 10.' 229

or other carriage whatsoever, in the said high street, except only during the time of loading and unloading thereof, and that to bedone in a reasonable time; and that no carriage shall stand Persons canto load or unload with its breech or tail at or before any dwel-!ng obstruc-sing-house, (hop or warehouse; and if any coachman, carman, Carti

caster, drayman, waggoner or driver, shall offend herein, it oroth^r car- shall and may be lawful for any constable or inhabitant of the riages, to be place where the offence shall be committed, to apprehend and carried before take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, every such person alustice* or persons so offending, before some justice of the peace for the said borough, or for the said county of Surry, and upon conviction thereof, either by the confession of the party, or the oath ofoncor more credible witness, or witnesses, before such justice (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to administer,) every such person or persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay for every Inch offence a lum not exceeding ten shillingSj nor less than five shillings, as such justice Penalty*

shall direct, to go and be applied to the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; and in default of immediate payment, the offender or offenders shall be committed by such justice of the peace for the said borough, or for the said county of Surry, to the house of correction, thereto be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding seven days, as such justice shall think fit to order, or until he shall have paid the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Publick act* this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. X.

An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

WHEREAS by a clause in an act of parliament psjfed in the 3 Geo. t.c. x8« third year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for explaining an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to oblige papists to register their names and real estates;

f for enlarging the time for such rendering; and for secur-purchases made by protestanta; it was enabled. That from after the twenty ninth day of September m the year of our Lord 'one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any interest therein or relit of profit thereout, jfrould pass, alter or change, from any papijl or person prof effing Ip(popifi) religion, by any deed or will, except such deed within fix mintbs after the date, and such will within six months after the death y' the testator, Should be inrolled in one of the King's courts of record at Westminster, or elf i within the same county or counties wherein the minors, lands and tenements lie, in fich manner as therein for that

3q Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 10. f755-

purpose is pa; ticularly dire sted; and whereas by several ofts of parha-G merit made in the tenth year of his said late Majestys reign, and tit

to eo. i. c. 4- sixth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, fifteenth and nineteenth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, That every deed and will which had been then made, fmee the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to paps, alter or change any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or relit or profit thereout, from any papist or persons, professing the popish religion, though not then inrolled, Should be as good and effectual in the lent), as the same would have been in ease the I said deeds and wills had been inroiled within the fime limited by the fetid clause in the said first-mentioned act for inrolment thereof; provided the said deeds and wills Should be inrollei on or before the respectwe times in the said several acts respectively mentioned, in such manner as^by the said first -mentioned act was directed: and whereas by another

c.' a % ma& in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty it was enacted, That every deed and will made since the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and forty six, in order to pa/s, alter or change, any manors, lands, tenemetits or hereditaments, or any interefi therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papist or person prof effing the popish religion, to any pr it efl ant or prot efi ants, or by or by reason of which deed or will, any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any kg ft, equitable, or other interefi what fever, to his, her or their use, for his, her or their benefit, or to the uftir benefit of any other protefiatit or protestants, though not inrollei, or not inr oiled in due time, Should be as good and effectual in the law, -as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said chafes in the said acts far the inrolment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills Should be'inrolled on or before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, in such manner os by the said clause in the ftrtd first-mentioned act is directed; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Further time That every deed and will made since the twenty ninth day given for in of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in rolling in order topass, alter or change, any manors, lands, tenements amfwiUs f or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit, or ^profit papists tin° thereout, from any papist or pjerson professing the popish raigrtyl, j Jan, 1756. to any protestant or protestants, or by or by reason of which dee<J or will any protestant or protestants may claim or derive anylfc-gal, equitable or other interest whatsoever, to his, her or th^lr use, for his, her or their benefit, or to the use or benefit 6f ^qy other prorestant or protestants, though not inrolled, or nbf inrolled in due time, shall be ns good and effectual in the taw as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wilts been inrolled within the times limited by the said clause* in the said acts for the inrolment thereof, provided the same deeds prid Wills shall be inrolled on or before the first day of January One thousand

«745*1. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c-1 lt 2 I

wiredjmifijOty fix, in such planner as by the , ^£mVm^oo^ aiftIs'dire^ed.'"

always That nothing herein contained shall No deed. Sec. or be C9nftrufdto attend, to make good any such deed, m*ke B?0'}, aitjsadjrlhade, and not broiled, of the want of in- 7anta« hu [\tyyhereof advantage shall have been taken, on or before been taken of ft jfapwry qncthousand seven hundred and fifty the non-inrol.

ityfgu, -jfu£ W«ry AwH deed, wili er lea/2, shall remain of such m*nt before ffffce an4^e$, ° W a* the same would have had, if this act had1 ^an'17 S5' l^uer^fe<«? Wdej .^od of none other force and effedh

f vbtrwputchafes made proteJlanU may be in Purchases

bting itnU unhidy or called in question, in regard that fiome made by pro* d^edt cf wi)li thray&q which the title thereto is derived, ought to have testants shall beepr s^rolkianorjing jo the said acts, but have not been Jo inr oiled; f*nd S?od bp ^therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That hat been no ppreb^fe made for full and valuable consideration of any ma- taken fornon* nqrf, itiefluages, lauds, tenements or hereditaments, or of any inrolment.

therein, by any protestant or protestants, and merely and only For the benefit of the protestants, shall be impeached or voided fof or by season that any deed or will through which the title thereto, is derived, hath not been inrolled as required by tfi[fs laid acts, so as no advantage was taken of inrolment thereof l^jore such purchase was made, and so as no decree or lucfg-mens fiath been obtained for want of the inrolment or fbdi deed^or ytills.

Iy. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex- No _nt^tend t* construed to extend to make good any grant, lease, of advowson^ or mortgage of the advowson or right of presentation, collation, nomination or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend or ecclesiastical living, school, hospital or donative, or any avoidance thereof, made by any papist or person profiling the poplfh made by any religion, in trust, direct, or indirectly, mediately or immedi-papist in try* ately, by qr for any such papist or person professing the popish rc,° religion* Aether such trust hath been declared by writing or not. 2 good* Cm"

CAP. XI.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

till, j"up u uuuj uj murine jvria juuuiu ui TOtfid Cfld employed 7 ft1 his

an^ t\avalfervicry under the direction of the hr d high admiral % or commissionets for executing the office of lord high admiral or Ch<M Britain \ dnd whereas the Jmd marine forties at their fifft forming, and other tithes y must neeejfartly be quartered on shore^ where they wilt not be subjeh'to the laws relating to the government of his Majesty's forces by Jeay yet nevertheless it being requisite for the re-taining of such forces in their duty9that an exafl discipline be observed % and that marines who shall mutiny or Jiir up sedition, or shall defied his Majesty's servicey be brought to a more exemplary and speedy pv-

Q.4 nishment

vate man on share,

who shall mu tiny, or de-fart, Sec.

or lift in any other regiment! See.

or shall be

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c[1755.

ntjkmnt than the law vuillaUevf: be King's most excellent majesty, by aftd with the advfre ml the

losfti spiritual and tqmpbral and conuaoo) in tfci» present J»r-_ Uament assembled, and by the authority of the same, TbM; from

raodJri-»nd «fif the twenty fifth day of one thawftff* f*W

hundred and fifty five, if any peefon who is* ordering tD*c»M<-rinuance of this act shall be voluntarily entered, end In yiyyi purine officer or private man in his Majesty?* Service*o4 jhfting ordered or employed in such Service, at any rime duiiing the continuance of tins act, on shore in any plaice wfehiri Ithe realm of Great Britain, or in the kingdom of Irebn4±pt ijfcjcgy 4>f his Majesty's dominions beyond the sea* respectivetyfrfoflkbp- gin, excite* cause or join in, any mutiny or (edition iatifrbrMW pany to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other MM-ny, troop or regiment, either of marine or land forec % iMlb Majesty's service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours Im6p press toe same, or coming to the knowledge of any such OttgMrjr pr intended mutiny, shall not without delay give h»focqpt$fn thereof to his commanding officer, or shall desert his Majesty's Service; pr being axftually entered as a marine in any company, Ib^Il lift him (el 1 in any other company, troop or reghQcntf in Jns Majest/s service, without first having a dischargein writing from the officer commanding in chief the company in wbfch he last served as a marine; or shall be found deeping upenhwjppR; fou^iftcepiflgor shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold correspondence 00 pr (halide- with any rebel or enemy of his Majesty, or give them afakteor intelligence of any kind by any ways or means, or inatiy man-corxeiVoo- Ppr ^hatsoever; or shall treat with such rebel* or enemies, far dence with the enter into any condition with them, without his M^jcifty'4 H-enemies, rpeace, or licence of the lord high admiral of Gnat Brit*, or of three or more of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the tine being* or ur shall finite, {Irike or use any violence against his superkHr officer, being in the execution of his office, or shall disobey any lawful Corner disobey his mand of his superior officer, all and every person and persons so fu peri or offi- offending in any or either of the matters before mentjgaed, on 4tr a '^orc>n any Part of this kingdom or Ireland, pr any t>f his fer deat, c. Majesty»3 dominions beyond the seashall fpfjferdeath, ojv such (other punishment as by a court-martial shall beinflictedt-i i*

The lord high tt, ^nd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidfr^That admiral, dec. ft and may from time to time, during the continuance of

comrnHfioa to tW* he lawful to and for the find lord high admiral, or three

hold general or more of the said of for executing the said office of courts mar- lord high admiral for the time being, tpgrant a commission unrial, Sea. der his or their respetfiye hand or bands* to any officer of marines in his Majesty's service, not under the degrep of a field of-. ffcer, for thq holdinga general court-martial at any placed places on shore, in this realm or in Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond thefeas; in every of which courts martial, all or any of the pffences above-mentioned, and all or any

﻿1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 11. 233

other of the offences herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such manner as by this act is directed.

III. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Courts-mar-to and for such coutts-martia) respectively, by their sentence tial may in-or judgment, to infhdt corporal punishment, not extending to fl,a.corporal life or limb,"on knjr irnlrine for immoralities, mifophaviour pr ^"immordi*-neglect of duty on (bore, in any placer 6r places within this ties, &c. realm or Ireland, of any of his Majest/s dominions beyond the feasi during the continuance of this act.

IV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid* Lords, Sec. of That it shall 2nd rnay belaWful to and for the said lord high ad- the admiralty miral, or three or tpo^e of the commissioners for executing the Impowered to said office of tordHigh admiral, at any time during the cphtinu-ance of this a#,* td make andestablish rules and articles in writing under hi$Jdr thdr^'eSiVi hand or hands for the punishr ment of mutiny ^didCfmion, immoralities, misbehavioqr and negleifterf duty, in arly of his Rlajeffy’s marine forces while on Ihore inf any partt bf thi^ realm dr Ireland, or any of his Majesty's dominions b^oidd the seas, and for bringing offenders against the same to justice, and to erefl and constitute courts ^ial Tiith hear ind aetertnine any crimes or of-

fences specified m fufhhdes and articles, and inflict punishments martial, by sentence or judgfndnt for the lame, according to the true intent 2nd meaning 6!; this act. t

[None to be ad-

V. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be adjudged to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb, by the judged of life said rules and articles Within the kingdom of Great Britain and ^o/crimes ex-Ireland) except for such crimes as are expressed to be so punish- pressed to be " able by this act. so punishable

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no by this act. general court-martial which shall have power to fit by virtue of ^utmartial this act, shall consist of a less number than thirteen, whereof not

none to be under the degree of a commission officer of marines, oflefsthansi, and the president of such court-martial (Hall not be under the and the prefi-degree or a field officer of marines, unless where such field offi- ^eld office-& cer cannot be had; in which case the marine officer next in fe- Jgce° next ?n niority to such field officer, not being under the degree of a cap- seniority, not tain, shall preside at such couTt-martial j and that such court- under the de-martial shall have power and authority, and are hereby required p*6 of a caP-to administer an oath to every witness, in order to the examina- jJJay adminir-tionor trial of any of the offences that shall come before them, ter an oath to

VII. Provided always, That in all trials of offenders by ge- witnesses.

neral courts-martial to be held by virtue of this act, every offi- In officer present at such trial, before any proceedings be had there- e

upon, shall take the following oaths upon the holy evangelists,

before the court and judge advocate or his deputy, who are hereby authorized to administer the same, in tbcie words j that is to say,

YOU shall well and truly try and determine, according to the evidence which shall be given in the matter now before you, between

234 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 11. [1755.

HW* our sovereign lord the King's , to be,

/mS.

So help me God.

I A.B. do /tutor, That t will , duly ttdminijler Mice

too Ut of parliament now in forte, for the regulation of his , Ma~ $ jeftfs marine fortes while, on 5 and actor ding the rales and or- i

tides made in pursuance of theaS of parliament for \

ment of mutiny and desertion, and other trimes respottivejp

mentioned, without partiality, favour oraffe&ion\ ,

shall arise {which is not explained by the fafi all of parliament* or the \ said rules and articles) according to my otnfcientt, the bsjl ,of my urr-derjlonding and the custom-of war in the Hie. cases

/wear, That I will not divulge /entente court, it

shall be approved by the lord high ,or three the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, of Qreut Britain; neither will I, upon any. account at any time whatjoepor , disclose ordiscover the vote, or,opinion of any particular member of, the

tourt~nwtial,unless required to givo evidence thereof as,a ffituqfs Jgy j

atouttof jujlicei, in a due course of law.

So help me God.

The fudge ad- And IbfdOn, a» the said oqths Shaft,have )beea administered to the vocate to be *respective members, the ipresident of the «>urt,is hereby author sworn. rized and required to administer to the judge advocate, or to the person officiating as Such, an oath in the following words.

I A.B. do/wear Tbpt* / will not upon any account r at pny time \ whatsoever, disclose or difever the vote or opinion of any parti* *( tular member of < the court-Martial9 ytilefst required to give evidence thereof as a witness bya<6urt ofjuJlueyinadue epurfe of law.

So help me God.

In sentences And no fen tenet of dearth Shall be given agajnSi any offender by of death, nme art J such general court-martial as aforesaid, unless nine officers,

officers to pteffent shall concur therein > and if there be more officerspwr concur, Sec. ftnt fhart thirteen, then thejudgtnent Shall pass by the concurrence of two thirds of the officers present j and no proceeding Of trial Shall be had upon any offence, but between the hqurs of Hours of trial. eig+it of the dock in the morning and three in thp afternoon,

, CxCept in cases which require anitnmediateexample.

- The partytri- Till. Provided always, That the party tried by any general ed, iptitled to Court-martial to beheld as aforesaid, Shall be infilled to a, copy a copy of the of the sentence and proceedings of such court-martial, upon sentence and demand thereof made by himSelf, or by any other pprfon or Sewiurtl8*0* f^rfrtrts bn his behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the lam©) martial.", at any time, not Sooner them three month? after Such sentence, whether Such sentence be approved or not; any thin® in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Original proceedings, &c.]

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every judge advocate, or person officiating as such at

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 11. 235

any general court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, do, and hoof coort*-is hereby required to transmit with as much expedition as the martf'*!40j* opportunity oft rare and distance of place can admit, the origi- ^fecr^iry0 nil proceedings and sentence of such court-martial to the fecre- or the admi- of the admiralty for the time being; which original pro- ralty, &c. dings and sentence shall be by him carefully kept and prefixed in the office of theadmiralty o {'GBritain, to the end

tftat'she persons intMed thereto may be enabled, upon application to the said office, to obtain copies thereof according to the tyue intent and meaning of this act.

3C.- Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted. None to be That ho marine, either officer or private man, being acquitted tr>ed a second qrcdnvnfted of any offence, at any such court-martial as afore- offence

fold; 'shall be liable to be tried a second tithe by the same or any sentence not other court-martial for riie same offence; and that no sentence to be reviled g^ttr by any court-martial, and ltgnedby the prelident thereof, raore than b£ liable to be revised more than once.- onee*

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Deserters be. ©fitter or private man shall desert his Majesty's service in any of y0rHj sea>^his. dominions beyond the seas, or elsewhere beyond the sea9, may be tried*and shall tfcape and come into this realm or Ireland, before he be'er' or in Ire-tried by a court-martial for such offence, and shall be appre- an"' headed for the same, such officer or private man shall be tried for the same as if the said offence had been committed within this tetdm.

Xfl! Provided always, That nothing in this t€k contained This act not Audi extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any marine, to exempt any either'officer or private man whatsoever, while on (horc, from on shore from being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law. °eli'nary pro-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons Persons tried being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences or by the civil offeheis, by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be puirished magistrate, by a court-martial for the same, otherwise than by (tafniering. ^ere/by a XfV. Provided also, That if any marine officer, non-conb- court martial, million officer or private man, shall be accused of any capital Person* accus-crime, or of any violence or offence against the person, efface or ed of capital property of any of his Majesty's subjeifts, which is punUhoble ^divered*0 by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or offi- over to the ci-cers 6f every company or party, is and are hereby required to vil magistrate, use his and their utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused &c«

person to the civil magistrate, and shall also be aiding and affixing to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial: and if any Such commanding officer shall wilfully neg!e<ff or resute, upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such ao-cufed person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and offifttng to the officers of justice in the apprehending such offender, cresy such officer to offending, and being thereof convicted befose any two or more justices of the peace for the county when the fa& is committed, by the oath of two credible wimefles/ shall be deemed and taken to ipftfa&t calhiovd, and shall be u*-

236 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. ii.

[1755.

terlyxliiabled tohatd or hold arty civil, or? employment within thisi kingdom^mot

vided the: said conyfc&ion be affirmed at thti oeKt quarter , oftJK peace for the £iidcountyvand acmiSc&te, theneaf tfioetr mitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby ipb % ed to mortify th&fame to the next court-martial. v; .'- ylrund

XV. And whereas his Majesty has been gratiously'pkaftdish#Rr

pefjkn U the dsjlrejfed condition of fiveral widows of'($c&s itffi tf* army who have lost their lives in the service of the late wor or fariheg the late rebellion, by orders made under his royal sign monody rest his commissary general of themuftersy toaUow upon th^yfi^ftqr) rods of all the regiments, troops and companies, a number efj&ifitmi names therein mentioned, instead of private mn, iyt order\ ft and settle a fund for the maintenance offuck widows er fbatl be intitled to his royal bounty: therefore, for the efr feChtally fulfilling his Majesty's said graafous intentkm^-JPfttfe respost to the allowing of fictitious names upon the rolls of the said marine forces, while on shore, for the purposep aforesaid, be it further enacted and declared by theraothority^ Fi6Kdoui fiwtsaid, That it shall and may be lawful, during the contir»ur names allowed aftcc of this act, to and for the said lord high admiral artbJ^q by order up- or morcof the said of for executing the said office, $£ on1 themufter- ford; high admiral for the time being, by orders in writing yap ro*for the der his or their respective hand or hands, to direct the perfoy for the time being, authorized to pay the said marine forces,; to pay oyer the full pay of such fictitious private men as shall be al-fowedonthe muster-rolls of the said marine forces while on (hofc* It aforesaid, to the proper receiver appointed by his Majesty, according to such orders and instructions as his Majesty shall he pleased to make under his sign manual, for the puflppfps aforesaid; and that no allowance of any such fictitious upon any muster-roll of the said marine forces while on, as [aforeuifl, shall be construed to be a false mutter; any tfefog in this or any former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding-»i.

XVI. And whereas at this time, and during the continuance tf this ash there is and maybeoccasion for the marching and quartering of the said marine fortes in fiveral parts of this kingdom: bq itifpr-ther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for and during the continuance of this act, and no longer (in purfuenceof aO ror-officen^and^der of orders in writing in that behalf, under the hand p&4hc men in inns, said lord high admiral or under the hands of three for manfpof ale-housesj&C' Ihe of for executing the office of lord highiadmyral for, the time being) it shall and may be lawful to and fofjrtfte constables, tythingmen* headboroughs and other chief offifprs and magistrates of cities, towns and villages and other pfoqes (within England, Wales and the town of Berwick upon Vmed, and in their default or abfcnoe, for any one justice of the peace inhabiting in or near any such city, town, viUageorplace, and for no others* and such, constables and other civihmagistrates.as aforesaid are hereby required to quarter and billet the marines,

maintenance of officers widows not to be construed a false muster. Paymaster to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver.

Constables,

*37

1^55-} Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. C'. li.

rini&^bMffofBoets! and private mert liKhir Majesty's fervibey iff irms, MVerffthble*, alt^-hoiiste, vi&mlftag'houses and all houses, oTpersons 'ftlling'Wartdy, strong riaters, cyder or metheglib by rdaify totkedraftte&Y houses j other than and except the h6uw>B

<0*ftOOfeS1 bf &JV^dlftillei18 who keep houses or place* of distillittg'tillers houses, brandy and strong waters, and the house of any shop-fceepery or shopkeep-WftbfeprkVeipal dealings shall be more in other goods and trier- er*. or in any <?hiridi«s thari in brandy and strong waters (so as such distillers "ou* and1 fttopkeeperS, do not permit or suffer tipling in his or their*houses )ahd in no other, and in no private houses whatsoever; n& Ihatl'any (note billets at any time be ordered, than there ar£ eft&tive marines present to be quartered } and if any flOristable, tythingtrtan or such like officer or magistrate as Penalty onforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such officer constablet.&c. of- private mart -iff any such private house, without the ^era to'pri-fonfent 'of the owner or occupier, in such case such owner vate houses, ofbccripief1 shall have Iris or their remedy at law against such &c. magistrate or officer, for the damage that such owner or occu^ pier shallfoftaiii thereby; and if any military officer (half tate updttlriffifo quarter private men, otherwise than is limited and" ter|, g*attOvfed by this act, or shall use or offer any menace or edmpul- contrary to (Sort foany mayors, constables or other civil officers before-men- this act, &c. tibridd, tending to deter and discourage any of them from per-forifring any part of their duty hereby required or appointed^ ftrch military-officer shall, for every such offence (being thereof.cdnVitfted before any two or more of the next justices of the ptice of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses)'

W^deefoed and taken to be ipso fafio cashiered, and shall be Uttirry diTabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom or in his Majesty's service; provided foe faM tdrtVldtion be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace effot laid county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to foe judge' advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the nfektbodrt-martial; and in case any person shall find himself grimed by be-aggrieved, in that such constable, tythingman or headborough fng quartered foief officer or magistrate f such chief officer or magistrate not on, may com-Btirtg a justice of the peace) has quartered or billeted in his P'jL"to and Kbufd1 a' greater number of marines than he ought to bear. In pfo portion to his neighbours, and shall complain thereof toone Di* Wore justice or justices of the peace of the division, city, or fifeferiy, where such marines are quartered; or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on compute made to two or more justices of the peace of such division, city or liberty, such justices respectively shall have, \ and have hereby power to relieve such person, by ordering such and so many of the said marines to be removed, and quartered upon fadr other person or persons as they shall see cause; and fcreh1 other person or ersons shall be obliged to receive such itfarines accordingly.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and if is hereby enacted, That 2*rfnw*obe the marine officers and private men so quartered and billeted as fumilbecUt aforesaid, shall be received and furniftied with diet and (mail the rates bar-

beer

What inn-holders may allow soldiers to find themselves.

in (bch case, men to find their own victuals, and to receive

a $8 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. (rfcfc

in set fortbeir b«r, by the owneW: of the Snhs, TWtrf^: Ah^les^njfte-n6tras. provisions. ^fli^ing-houses artd btter hous*, toward[j&Awci

tbbe quartered and by this £ct, pkyfng1and

thb same, ' the fevetal rtrtbs1 herein aftei1 mehaifijkL iar1fejMY-able out of the fublffidnfcb-motley, fot tJl^e 'arra^M

XVIII# Provided always, That in Case ^iriy'fanh<^d&ftf, 6m» person, on whom any tron-commifllcm bfftcert 6r p^aj^men shall be quartered by virtue of this act [except bit; a1 employed in recruiting, and likewise except the raised, for the space of (even days at mbit, for such million officers and private men, who afe fbc^tihgjmi by them raised) shall be defiroui to furnifti (bch non-Coift officers or private men, With cahdTes, vinegar and faltj either final! beer or cyder, hot exceeding five pints fhf per dim gratis; and allow to such non-Commission \ private men the use of firfe, and the necessary utensils ing and eating their meat, and shall give notice of fdcti fire to the commanding officer, and shall fbrnish and d fcmcaccordingly; then and in such case the rion-cbthrfiiff cersand private men so quartered shall provide their own^ and the officer to whom it belongs to receive hr that dcL- _ 1 ally receive the pay and subsistence of such non-commission oi^ fleets "and private men, shall pay the several Turns hereiii^., ww, w mentioned to he payable out of the subsistence-money, for ilet their full pay. and (mail beer to the non-comrrtiflion officers and private

aforesaid, and not tb the innholder or other person on v&Oift fioch hon-commissiotv Officers and private men are quanetj^s.any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstandih^, Perfalty on of- Provided always, and be it enacted by the auihbflty

ficers taking aforesaid, That if a Ay officer shall take or cause to be taken, or money, to ex- knowingly fufffcr to be taken, any money of any person fofyi-cufe quarter- cufing the quartering of officers or private meh or any of mjb^, in any house allowed by this act, every such officer shall cashiered and be incapable of (Serving in any military employment whatsoever. n

XX. And be it ftirther enacte<J by the authority aforaaick &c. ttMnake^ That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one rtibujy deductions out (ahdiseven hundred and fifty five, no paymaster or other, oMber of officers or or person whatsoever shall receive any fees, or make any dea^rcj nous whatsoever out of the pay of any marine, either office of private man in his Majesty's service or from their agents, wi)KP shall grow due from and after the said twenty fifth day of Jlfartil one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, other than the ujfbal deductions for clothing, and twelve pence in the poupd tpbfe disposed of as his Majesty shall think fit, and the one day*$ pay in the year for the use or the royal hospital at Chelsea, and such other necessary deductions as shall from time to time be direct by the said lord high admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the said office of lord high admiral, for thn time being, by order in writing under hU or their respective hand or hands;

soldiers pj|yt See

Exceptions.

w

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. q, if. 239

XXI. And that, the-quarters bot^v of the said marine of$c Officer* to give 'Wk(hore afaforesaid, mayduring the mm& p^thl^ aft, be duly pmd> and fatwfiod, and JmjS fub}jftcn^ e better answjered j bc itenftfted by the money in their

from and after the twenty fifth day of hand*.

S\§ifPL thppfand seven hundred and fifty five, every officer: r.

ejr^erlpfi to whom it belongs to receive or that shall aftu-^y jthe pay or subsistence-money, for one or more par-

A ^f^odljahy or companies of the said marine forces or other-^Jljaimediately upon each receipt of every particular shall from time to time be paid, returned or como L||fJ^ % u'1Wds, on account of pay or subsistence, give i^iWt jee thereof to all persons keeping inns or other places ^ofRc^jK or private men are quartered by virtue of this act* jn^allp appoint the said innkeepers and others to repair to ^quarters, at such times as they shall appoint, for the di*

on and payment of the said pay or subsistence-money to JScers or private men, which shall be within four days at {imfeft after the receipt of the same as aforesaid; and the i Ljpnkeepers and others shall then and there acquaint suchoffi-^officers with the accounts of debts (if any shall be) he* tw^jji them and the officers and private men so quartered its th^r respective houses; which accounts the said officer or offi

are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the

fai^p fiefore any part of the said pay or subsistence be distribwfed*

eftjjcrfo the officers or private ftien, provided the said, accounts R*tc* of fab-

exceed hot for one marine commission officer, under the degree

or a captain, for such officer's diet and small beer, per diem* one keepers, &c.

(hiffingj and if such officer shall have a horse or horses, for each for soldiers

such horse or horses, for their hay and draw, pet diem* fix quarters.

; nor for one marine private naan's diet and ftnall beer#

Vjpence> and if any officer or officers as aforesaid, shall not Officers not $ notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately upon pro* ^lvlnPJJ.otice

TMJui!Ka.ccount.state.d' toffy const^t and_paythe^S-

uport Corhplamt and oath made thereof, by any two witnesses, paying quar-at t^e( next, quarter sessions for the county or city where such ter». qMaersVfte (which path the justipes of the peace at fitch set hereby authorized and required to adminidtf) the or personfor the time being authorized to pay the fajaP marine forces. Is hereby required and authorized, (upon Paymafierto certjfficafc of the said justices before whom such oath was made, satisfy them dffeeTum due uppn such accounts, and the persons to whoch tb^ tame is owing) to pay and satisfy the said sums out of tho SWa/p due to the said marine officer or officers, upon penalty*fna? fuefi pay matter or person (hrall forfeit their respective place pflpVces of paymaster or otherwise, and be discharged fronl filing the same for the future; and in case there shall be —

no

or deduct it

arrears due to the said officer or officers, then the said paymaftet out of his pay.'or person for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces, is hereby Authorized and required to deduct the sums he shall pay pursuant to the certificate of the said judices, out

ot

2+0

make up accounts, and give certificates for money due, &c»

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. f i.

[1755.

of the next pay or subsistence-money of the company to which such officer or officers shall belong; and such officer or officers shall, for such their offence, or for neglecting to give notice of the receipt of such pay or subsistence-money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso fafio cashiered. On moving -^XII. And where it shall happen that the subsistence-money from quarters due to any marine officer or private man, shall by occasion of ally accident not be paid to such officer or private man, or such «na*nn or priVate man shall neglect to pay the same, so that

quarters cannot be or are not paid as this act directs, in every such case it is hereby further enacted, That every such officer shall before his or their departure out of his or their quarters, where such company shall remain for anytime whatsoever, make up the accounts as this aeft directs, with every person with whom such company shall have quartered, and sign a certificate thereof, and give the said certificate so by him signed to the party to whom such money is due, with the name of such company to which he or they shall belong; to the end the said certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the proper paymaster of the marines, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to the person or persons to whom such monies shall be due, to the end the same may be applied to such company, under pain as is before in this act directed for non-payment of quarters.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

to be quarter- it shall and may be lawful to quarter officers and private men in ed in Scotland Scotland in such and the like places and houses as they might have as the laws in been quartered in by the laws in force in Scotland at the time of orce at t e the unjon.an(| that the possessors of such houses shall only be liable to furnish the said officers and private men quartered there, as by the said laws in force at the time of the union was provided; and that no officer shall be obliged to pay for his lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the suburbs of Edinburgh.

u.n^> (V w.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, der'con (tables That for the better and more regular provision of carriages for toproyidecar- his Majesty's marine forces in their marches, or for their arena, nages for fob clothes and accoutrements, in England, Wales, and the town of march"* upon Tvjced, all justices of the peace within their sevend

counties, ridings, divisions, shires, liberties and precincts, bo* ing duly required thereunto hv the said lord high admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the said office of lord high admiral for the time being, by an order in writing under his or their respective hand or hands, shall as often as such order shall be brought and shewn unto one or more of than by the officer or officers of the company or companies of rats vines so ordered to march, issue out his or their warran s to the high constables, or petty constables of the dhnsion, riding, city, liberty, hundred or precinil, from, through, near or to which such company or companies shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive

Paymaster to pay the sum certified.

Officers, &c.

union direct

Justices to or-

ij*5£.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. i f., 141

drive tko<£me, <as shall be mentioned inihesaid warrant, allow-ingtihMB foftcknt time to do the same, that the neighbouring.paste'*? ate always bear the burthen; and in case sufficient*. ca*ii*gaaeaaoot be premded within any such riding, city, liber-tyJ^bteMbed^ division or precinct, then the next justice or justices of jtmgmm of the county, riding or division, shall, upon such ostsnteistasesaid being.brought or shewn to one or more of theivr*by any of the martne officers aforesaid, issue his or their waatencs to she high constables or petty constables of such next cnmff} riding, liberty, division or precinli, for the purposes afepemd, to make up such deficiency $ and the aforesaid officer or eftoeri, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant from the ju-ftiftteef tfee peace, are to demand the carriage or carriages there-iruWNweioMd of the high constable or petty constable to whom the wsmni is directed, is and are hereby required at the same gates for time to pay down in hand to the said constable or petty constable, carriages. so*be use of the person who shall provide such carriages and mow, the sum of one shilling for every mile any waggon with fiee*horses shall travel, and the sum of one shilling for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses shall travel \ and the sum of nine pence for every mile any cart with four-horses shall travel; and so in proportion for less carriages; for which respective sums so received, the said constable or petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the pevfcti or persons paying the same; and such constable or petty coastaMe shall order and appoint such person or persons having carriages within their respelUve liberties, as they shall think pro* pen to provide and furnish such carriages and men, according to the-warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and funtfMl'the&me accordingly: and if any marine officer or officers^' for the use of whose company or companies the carriage penalty on of* wapftfovided, shall force and constrain any waggon, wain, cart ficers forcing* or^earriage, to travel more than one day's journey, or shall not waggons to discharge the same in due time for their return home, or shall tfavcl mo, suffer any marine or servant (except such as are sick) or any so^eyC&c?*womhn, to ride in the waggon, wain, cart or carriage aforesaid, 1 y> orfhali forot any constable or petty constable by threatening^ or menacing words to provide faddle-horses for themselves or fer-vaflKVor shall force horses from the owners, by themselves, fer-vans* or private men, every such officer, for every such offence,

shall forfeit she sum of five pounds, proof thereof being made'upmt^oath before two of his IVfcyefty's justices of the peace of thofome county or riding, who are to certify the same to the proper paymaster of his Majesty's marine forces, who is hei^y required to payhe aforesaid sum of five pounds accord*-ingly to the order and appointment under the hands and feats of the aforesaid justices of the peace of the same county or riding, and is abb hereby impowered to deduct the same out of such officer's pay.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if on any high constable or petty constable shall wilfully neglect or re- constables.&c. Vol. XXI. R fuse

242 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. [1755.

neglect td pro- fuse to execute such warganes of the tire peace 2* shall

vide carriages, be directed unto, theftt for providing carriages ffiorsfaifl+cx if arty person or persons appointed by |pcbi cppftajble or pftty: constableto provide or.furnUh any c*rri*n|d.fuse or neglect to provide the same, or aay or, persons whatsoever shall wilfully do aov aA o^ tlJing whereby the execution of the faW warrants shall be bindered or f^ra^od, every such constable, or other person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit any fumpot exceeding ftRty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, tp, the use of the floor of the parish where any such offence (had be committed/ and all and every such offence and offences shall and may be enquired of, heard and fully determined, by two of his Majesty's ju-fticcs of the peace dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XXVI. And whereas the reffective jurns of money pointed to be paid to the constables by the officers demandingv juth carriages % may not, in many cases, be fuss dent to answer the charge and expence of providing the same, whereby the said constables may he frequently at great charges, over and above what is received by them of the said officers, to the great burthen of the township of which, fa is tonfiabk, or else the persons performing such carriages may begrievg % fly'< tpprefftd: to prevent which, and that such overplus ch|fgp 99av be borne by each county or riding, at the general charge^ fuen county or riding, be it further enacted by the authority, g^e-Treasurers of said, That the treasurer or treasurers of each respective^cpiffity Mh'Vn-OT*n8 AmJU without fee or reward, pay unto such^?9&|ble AtrZ' all and every such reasonable sum or funas of money, ib fey ^iai ordinary paid or laid out for such carriages, over and above ^hat.tf^s or charges. ought to have been paid by the marine officer requirifcg^such carriages, out of the publick dock of such county orpdmgv according to such rates, orders, rules and directions, tstf^fsaid justices of the peace in their quarter feffians assembled, f^i^hin their respective jurisdictions, shall from time to time, dunqg^ the continuance of this a A make, direct and appoint (which (Orders shall be made without fee or reward), regard being al^?y§ Jiad so the season of the year, and the length and cond^tto$>of the ways by and through which such carriages are to travel*

XXVII. And in case the said publick dock of the pqnnty or riding be not sufficient (over and above the other purpo&t for which it was raised) to fati&fy the extraordinary charge oKcar-Themoneyfor riages before-mentioned; it is hereby further enacted, Tin# the those purposea.said justices of the peace, in their general quarter fefliQn§>u#ialI how to be have power from time to time to raise monies upon theif nrfpcc-

raiied. tive counties or ridings, in such manner as they now; rai|e (mo-

nies for county gaols and bridges, to satisfy the said cxtffeptt-liary charge of carriages. i:

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. ir* 243

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That No waggon, wate, cart or carriage, iitipressed by authority of scarryfiis ^, mall be liable or obliged.by virtue of this act to carry dred wrigh^" - bbbwtwenty hundred weight, any thing in this act contained 'ftS the bohfrary notwithstanding.

1 l&OfXi And be it further enacted, That the carriages for Carriages in HfI>e^C^vi<^of the marine forces quartered or inarching in Scot- Scotland hoar lbndy fhjdl be provided in like manner, and at the rates, and be provid-for rusher of such carriages shall be paid, as wasdirested byc 4 ' tKe^faW in force iti/Scotland at the time of the union.

XXX. And tvh?reas several marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert and be found wanderingr, or otherwise absent-tbtmjxives illegally from his Majesty's fervue; it is hereby further shacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the con- Constables ftabie, hiadborough ortythrngman, of the town or place where may appre-any person who may be reasonably suspected to be such a deserter bend desert-shill be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended, ttemteforrii and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of the justice» peaee living in or near such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine such suspected person; and if by his confession, or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon bath, or by the knowledge of such justice of the peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected person is a marine duly entered, and ought to be with the company to which he belongs,

\Jtieh justice of the peace shall forthwith cause him to be convey- Justice to com-the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or mit the* to the house of correction, or other publick prison, in such tbfcrtbr place where such deserter shall be apprehended, or to v jlth^5^yincaft'such deserter shall be apprehended within the Ar^S^i^i I^hdmox Westminster^ or places adjacent, and transmit andtransmit riAiI(itc6uht thereof to the secretary of the admiralty for the time an account to r'feblrig, to the end streb person may be proceeded against accord- the secretary ^Ih^to law; and the keeper of such gaol* house of correction a jSoropr?f6n, receive the full subsistence of such deserter or: ^(ftt£fs, during the time that he or they shall continue in his Gaol-keeper ^i&jfistody, for the maintenance of the said deserter or deserters, to.receive the shall not be intkled to any fee or reward on account of the fabfistence of ?to^ifonment of such deserter ordeserters; any law, usage ordccrters* LCit6ffonv, to the contrary notwithstanding.

rfj i'XXXL And, for the better encouragement of any person or Reward for persons to secure or apprehend such deserters aforesaidj be it taking dt-: rfWther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such justice of fcrtcr, # f1 fhd peaaelhaH alto issue his warrant in writing to the collector Y Wicolleftors of the land tax money of the parish cm* township jV/j trhere such deserter 'shaft be apprehended, for paying out of the N

!$aiulfajc money arisen or to arise in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, into the hands of such person who shall ^fcpptehend or cause so be apprehended any deserter from his MajestyVferVice, 'the (utn of twenty (hilhngs for every deserter that ftuljbe (qapprehended and committed; which sum of twenty; I; \i < t R 2 Shillings

H4

buying their arms,

Jcc.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. , i i.

[1755.

shillings shall be satisfied by such codle&or to whom facfr warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon hi| ^ccoim*. -, t, Penalty on

XXXII. Provided always, That if any perfoi> shall h^cbppr, concealingde- conceal or assist any deserter from his Majesty's marine fervipe^ ferters, or knowing him to be such, the person so offending shall forfeit clothes, for every such offence the fuxn of five pounds or if any

shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, clothes, caps or other furniture belongings to the King, from any marine or deserter, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or cause the colour of such clothes to he changed, the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction, by the path of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any ooe pr more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the said rdpcftiye penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, shall be levied; fey warrant under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the gbods and chattels of the of-Application of fender; one moiety of the said first-mentioned penalty of five the penalties, pounds to be paid to the informer, by whiofe means such deserter shall be apprehended; and one moiety of the said last-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, and the residue of the said respective penalties to be paid tOrtlut officer to whom any such deserter or marine did belong: and in case any such offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid of h^v bouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters, or having knowingly received any arms, clothes, caps or other furniture belonging to the King, or of having caused the colour of fqch clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this a$tv (frail not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress may [bjw made to the value of the penalties recovered against him fornwh offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days-after such conviction, then, and in such case, such justice or justices of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his or their hgfldi and seal, or hands and seals, either commit such offender £p'the> common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprhtt^ffpft the space of three months, or cause such offender to be piftfc* lickly whipped, at the discretion of such justice or justipps^lUjJ 'Thepreceding

XXXIII. Provided always, That so much of this actla^e^ cUuictoex- lates to the punishment of such who shall harbour, copceaJ, i9rt tww! to Ire- deserters, or shall knowingly detain, buyvexchange or otherwise receive, any arms, clothes, caps or other furniture, bplqng- ing to the King, from any marine or deserter, or cause tb$ lour of such clothes to be changed, shall extend to all ends and purposes whatsoever to Ireland, and shall be put in executiprvfrt that kingdom by all justices of the peace, and other offices je-spectively, according to the tenor, and during the continuance of this act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority/a&Hft-i said. That this act, and every thing herein contained, (halfrbe and continue in force from the said twenty fifth day, ofy jfrawb, in die year of our Lord one thousand fev^ihundred^ndfij^ 2 J five.

For want of diltrefi, offender to be committed.

laudalfo.

Continuance of tiiu i£k.

245

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 11.

five, untfl the twtrttv fifth day of Match in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

XXXV. Anfd to prevent as far as may he any unjust or fraudulent arfefts that may be made upon marines, whereby his Majesty and the publick may be deprived of their service; it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no per- No volunteer son whatsoever wh6 is entered, or shall enter himself as a volun- , a*?lc to P*-teer in hSs Majesty's service as a marine, during the continuance ^bmcahninal of this act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's fer- matter; or a vkre, by any ptocfcfs or execution whatsoever, other than for real debt of some criminal matter, unless for a real debt, or other just cause th* vaIuc.^. of action, and unless before the taking out of such process or oath °o be"* execution {not being for a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plain- made before a tiffs therein, or same other person or persons on his or their be- judge, half, shall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the Court of record, or other court out of which such process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, from the defendant or defendants, in the action or cause of aftkrn on which such process shall issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall be issued out, amounts to the value 6f ^tert pounds at lead, over and above all costs of suit in the same action, or in any other addon on which the same shall be gtbimded, a memorandum of which oath shall be marked on and a memo-the back of such process or writ, for which memorandum or'randimthere-oath no fee shall be taken; and if any person shall nevertheless be ihrested contrary to the intent of this act, it shall and may the process$ be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself, orbyanv his fu- pftibr officer, to examine into the lame by the oath of the parties, 1 of otherwise, and by warrant under his or their hands and otherwise pri-sease tc> discharge such marine so arrested, contrary to the intent foner to be of this act, (without paying any fee or fees) upon due proof iftide before him or them, that such marine so arrested was le- W1 s* giflyiertferdd as a marine in his Majesty's service, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act, and allb to award to the party so complaining, such costs as such judge or judges shall think r&tffofrbbk, for the recovery whereof he shall have the like remedy'tftat the person who takes out the said execution might have h&Tor his costs, or the plaintiff in the like action might have hid for the recovery of his costs, in case judgment had been gf^en for him with costs, against the defendant in the', said action. r

XXXVI. And to the end that ho'nest creditors who aim only af 'flte recovery of their just debts, due to them from persons entered as marines into his Majesty's service, may not be hin- from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be af-lrft^d $rid forwarded in their suits, and irtstead of an arrest, which ifiaV kt once hurt the service, and occasion a great expence and dtifrjr so themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy*R 3 and

2\S

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. tr.

[1755.

Plaintiff giving notice may file a common appearance,

and proceed to judgment and execution.

Justices may order con-

private men, and where quartered.

ahd cheap method; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing of the Carife bf action to such person or persons so entered, dr left atltt* or^heir last place of residence, before such entering, id file $ Coifrttaon appearance in any action to be brought for ro upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to intitle such plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an exeew^n thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of hup<0? them so entered as aforesaid; this act or any thing hernia* or any former law or Statute to the contrary notwithstandingr "

XXXVII. And for the better preventing abuses in quartering or billeting marines in pursuance of this act; be it furtherJ^n-acted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be ful to and for any one or more justice or justices of thep^e

an account of w*lhin their respective counties, cities or liberties, by warrant the number of or order under his or their hand and seal, or hands and Jfcals, officers, and at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any high constable, constable, bedel or other officer, who shall quarter or billet any marines in pursuance of this act, to give an account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the same, of the number of officers and private men who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and the names of the house-keepers or persons upon whom every lijidi officer or private man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the street or place where every such house-kejeppt' dwells, and of the signs (if any) belonging to their house$^ fb the end it may appear to the said justice or justices where d; ch officers and private men are quartered or billeted, and or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent qr punjfh all abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all his Majesty's marine forces, as well officers as private epen, shall from time to time, during their being respectively borne as

iCmgVfeips to part of the complement of any of his Majesty's ships or yei^ls, be governed be subject and liable, in like manner, in all respects as any vpfficers or seamen employed in his Majesty's fca service are ftiojeft and liable to be governed, according to the purport, tenpr> , fffest and true intent and meaning of an act of parliamentigaeje in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, Wmi-led, An act for amending > explaining and reducing intoi oneaS^f parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty sJbtpSj vessels and forces by Jea % this present act, or any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

Officers and private men while on board the

according to at Geo. t,

c. 33.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 12, 13.

*47

CAP. XII.

An act to explain and amend a clause in an act made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better preservation of the game, in relation to the selling or offering to sale any game.

WHEREAS by an at! of parliament made in the fifth year of her fate majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the 5 Ann* c. 14. better preservation of the game; it was enacted, That if any higlar % chapmany carrier9 innkeepery victualler or alehouse-keeper^ Should have in his euflody or possessidn, or Should buy, fell or offer to felly any hare, pbeafanty partridge, moory heath-game or groups every such biglar9 tBatmatly innkeeper, vitluallery alehouse-keeper or carrier, (unless fiub gatne in the bands of such carrier he font up by person or persons qualified to ft in the game) Jbally upon conviction of such offence % forfeit for epeiry barey pheafanty partridge, moory heath-game or grouse, the sum of five pounds, one half to be paid to the informery and the other to f ho pdor of the parish where the offence was committed: and whereas doubts have arisen with respect to the meaning of the word chap-many whereby the intent of the said act hath been in some degree defeated; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual feu. ?rid temporal and commons in this present parliament aflem- ing, or expofV 'facted, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or ing to sale, pCrtbns whatsoever, whether qualified or not qualified to kill ^amc* game, shall fell, expose or offer to sale, any hare, pheasant, pena*tje$>in partridge, moor, heath-game or grouse, every such person or the recited riersons shall, for every such offence, be subject and liable to the act, on hig-pike forfeitures, pains and penalties, as are inflicted by the said j.ar?» &c* of* recited act upon higlars, chapmen, carriers, innkeepers, victuallers or alehouse-keepers, for buying, felling or offering, of gapae tbrale.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaW, Gamefbund'Tfrat if any hare, pheasant, partridge, moor, heath-game pr in the hou& jgrduse, shall be found in the (hop, house or possession of any posseflfan/ ^turer, /aI^n^n, «°; P^ycook, the saw^fP^ shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be an exposing thereof monger, cook, file within the true intent and meaning of this act, and the or pastry-iiditcited aft, or any other act 5 which said forfeitures shall be co^j. deemed recovered, and such penalties inflisted, by such means, and, in ^creoffo fuph manner, and from and within such time, and shall be, ap- faje# plied to such uses, as are prescribed by the said recited act, or by Forfeituresily other act or acts (ince made for the preservation of the and penalties game; any thing in the said recited act, or any other lay? or covered aivd" Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. applied,

CAP. XIII.

An act for relief of insolvent debtors.

WHEREAS many persons, by Losses and other misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts j and R4'

cd, and at whose suit.

248 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. [1755.

though, they are wUling to make the utmost: fatUfaction they can, art wventbriefs detained iri ptifon by their creditors: iabdi mbersai fitch unhappy debtors baveakvays been deemed the proper ohfilflt jtfi publick empajfton, and by several - atih of parliamentxwadt teen AgdmJprrf; for the relief therefore, of insolvent phibiws who shall ia'ahfiJ^ ]y discover upon oath, and deliver up ahdtassign all their fi&e&s and estates whatsoever for the benefit of their* Creditorr^r and rto prevent, as far as possible, the many frauds and abuses which in a great measure have obstructed the good ends of such iffcs; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by andwith the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and Wt^b^made conamons in this present parliament a (Tern bled* and by then*-out of prifo- thority of the same, That all and every sheriff or fheri&vgaoier ners in custo- or keeper of any prison or prisons, in any county, riding&idtYi- dy for debt, fion, city, town and liberty, within this kingdom rdpe#fardy, on 1 Jan. shall, and is or are hereby impowered and requii^ to tateahd , 755' make a true, exact and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every person or persons, who, upon the.fitft day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty fivei-was or were really a prisoner or prisoners, in the adhial custody of any such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any with the time prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by when charge reason of any debt, damages, costs, sum or sums of money^and of the time when such prisoner or prisoners were chargodin custody* and received in prison, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the same io the justices at their first general or quartier sessions of the peace, ito To bedeliver* be held after the thirty first day of March one thousand>fev&i ed intoquar- hundred and fifty five, for such county, riding, division*

town and liberty respectively; and shall, in open court, take tan oath to the effedfc following; that is to say,: tailq

w

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty Hoi % solemnly swear, profess and declare, That all andeuery per foie, and perfirn, whose name or names are inserted and contained'in therftite-going lift, by me now delivered and subscribed, were, to the'ikefhtf my knowledge and belief, upon the first day of January one thousand feiten hundred and fifty fipe, really and truly prisoners, in aBuahxu-Jlody, in the prison or gaol of at ibe\ fifftier

suits of the several persons therein respectively mentioned \ and that dll and every of them have really and truly continued and remameAin oftual custody ever since; and that the said Hft is a true, exatt, per-ft ft and just listy of all such persons as were really and truly prisoners in atfual custody in the faii gaol or prison of on the

fold first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fiftyfitter.-.A

So help me God.

Which oath the said justroes, at the general or quarter sessionj, Jo op$o court, are hereby impowered to adminiuerj thewodds

of

ter-sessions, on oath,

249

1755] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13.

of which oath shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of every such lift so delivered and subscribed in open court, by every such sheriff, gaoler or keeper respectively; which lift so subscribed and fwomunto, shall he kept by the clerk of the peace of evtfry such county, tiding, division, city, town or liber-^t £ the ty ifcfpe«fHveIyvfor the better satisfaction of the said justices, apd clerk of the information of all crbditors, and to be seen without fee or re- peace, ward.

tll. And, tdthe end that no such poor prisoner may be defeated of his or hendischarge, according so the true intent and inealnh)g of thi»act^by having his, her or their name or names ics cf^left ©in of the said Efts so to be delivered, be it further enacted lift to be affix-, by the aothority aforesaid, That all and every such sheriff and ed within the sheriffs; gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison, is and are prisons, and bfcreby required to fix up, in the most conspicuous place or on the &tcS{ places in every such prison, and at the most frequented and usual gate* door, or entrance into every such prifoo, three or more Penalty of not trde copies of the list or lists to be delivered at the find general delivering in, or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, ten days before Juried the said sessions; and if any such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler and 1

gaolers, keeper or keepers of any such prison, shall, in any such lift k> be delivered in as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to insert the name of any prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in custody in their prison on the said Aril day of January one thou-iftnd seven hundred and fifty five, the person or persons so neglecting or refilling to insert the same, shall, for every such dame or names so omitted, incur and be subject to such penalty or penalties as are herein after imposed or laid on every such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, who ifiall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such lift as aforesaid; to be recovered in the same manner, and to be applied to such use and uses, as are herein after directed for the recovery and application of the penalty, in case of such neglect orrefufal to make out such lift as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, person8; n. That all and every person and persons whose names shall be in- ferted in the fefted in such lifts, to be delivered in as aforesaid, who upon the lifts, and con-first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, to

were really and truly prisoners in the actual custody of any (he- difeh^ge^by /iff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison respect^justices. tively of this kingdom, who shall take the oath herein after mentioned, shall and may be for ever released and discharged from their imprisonment, in such manner as hereafter i$ pror vided; that is to say, it shall and tnav be lawful for any justice or justices of any county, riding, divinon, city, town or liberty, within, this kingdom (upon the petition of such prisoner or prisoners) by warrant under his and their hands and seals, to re-qvfirfe the said sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any such ppfon, within his or their respective jurisdictions, to 'brmgsbefore the justices at the next general or quarter sessions of tftc peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held next after the

t$6 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. f755.

expiration of ten days from the date of the Aid warrant, for such fospective county) riding, division, city, town m liberty, the body of any person being in the Aid prison as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causes which he, she or they, is or are charged with, in the several gaols or priftms as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; which warrant of the said' jfc-Prisoner to dice or justices every such gaoler or keeper is hereby command* deliver in a eA to obey; and such prisoner coming before such justkei at schedule of the said general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, debta^and Audi in open court subscribe and deliver m a schedule of his or debtors* her whole estate, real and personal, either in poJTeflkto, reversion or remainder) or held in trust for him or her, or for his or, her benefit or advantage, and the names of his or her several

debtors, and the several sums of money from them respectively secured or owing, upon any specialty, contract, or other account whatsoever, and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and wring, and of the witnesses who can prove such debts or contradh (If there be any such) and make oath, and swear to the cffe& following; that is to say:

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence 9f Almighty Goiy At filettfify Auto?) protefi, and declare, That on the first day ^January one thou faniseven hundred and fifty five, I was a pnfiner within the prijoH of in the ofiual cufbojy

of the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of atrhefuitof

without my consent or fro-turement, and without any fraud or coltujion whatsoever, and that the schedule now delivered, and by me subscribed, doth contain, to the befi of frty knowledge, remembrance, and belief a fully just, true and perfect account and discoVcry of all the goods, effects and efiatts, red and personal, either in possession, reversion or remainder, or in trust for mty ot for my benefit or advantage, unto me in any wise belonging of appertaining; and such debts at are to me owing, or to any perfik pr persons in ttuft for me \ and of all the ft entities and contract by Whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, nr any benefit or advantage accrue to mey or to my ufty or to any person or berjont in trust for mty and the names and places of abode of the fevitalpersons from whom such debts are due and owing, and of the witoejfis that can prove such debts or contracts \ and that neither nor any other person or persons in trust for mey have lands, moneys flock or aoy eftatiy real or personal, in possessim, reversion or remain* Her, Other than what &re in the said schedule contained, except wearing apparely bedding for myself and family, working tools, and nectssary implements for my occupation ami calling, and theft in the whole not exceeding the Value of ten pounds j and that I have not, nor ary Body for the directly or tndireflly fold, Uffenti or ofherwtfe conveyed, di* fiofid of in trust or concealed, all or any part 6f my land, money, goods, fjMttkly JlWk) tiffls, feturiliesy contracts or eftatt real or persona

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. i$.51

whereby to feiurt the JiPne, or to receive of any profit or

vantage thereof, or to defraud or deceive any creditor or trediters to liiboBlJam indebted, in any wise bnvfeevtr. v:

So help me GOD.

And which said Schedule, being so subscribed in the presence of Schc<juie

the justices, in open court and sessions aforesaid, is to remain^lodged

Wkh^the clerk of the peace, for the better information of all the with clerk of

creditors of such prisoner; and all the estate, right, title, interest the peace,

and trust of such prisoner, of, in, and unto such real estate, as

well copy or custdmary held, as freehold, and such personal estate* debts and effects, contained in such Schedule as aforesaid,

and all other the real and personal estate of such prisoner*

shall xm immediately after the discharge of such prisoner, be

and is hereby vested in the clerk of the peace of and for the county, riding, city or town corporate, who is hereby directed and authorized by Order of the justices at their general or quar- who is to af-

tatfeffiotis of the peace so held as aforesaid, to make an assign-

meet of the estate and effects to such of the creditors of the said 0 a T

prisoner, as the major part of the said creditors of the fiud pri- 6

foner, who shall apply for the same, by any writing under their

hands, shall direct and appoint (which assignment so made as a-

fardak), shall be a good and effectual affienment in law to all

intents and purposes whatsoever; and for the execution of which the said clerk of the peace shall take a fee of two shillings;

and no more) in trust for themselves, and the rest of the creditors; which said assignee or assignees is and are hereby impowered to sue in his, her, or their own name or names for,

nd to recover and receive the same; and also to execute any

trdfc or power vested in* or created for the use or benefit of such

prisoner, for the u/e and benefit of themselves, and the rest of such creditors; and to give sufficient discharge and difeha^gesto

such rdpexftive debtor or debtors; and fully to divide the said

prisoner's estate and effects, or the monies arising from the sale or disposition thereof (such sale or disposition to be approved of forbenw Of

by the major part of the said creditors iit writing as aforesaid) a- cr ltorl*

jrtoog the creditors Of such prisoner, who, within one month

*fter notice of such intended dividend published in the London Gazette, shall produce to such assignee or assignees, an affidavit shade before one or more justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby impowered to take the same, proving his or her debt due from the said prisoner so discharged, in equal proportfons, according to their respective debts; and after the same is recovered and received, to render the overplus, if any shall be

{their own debts and charges first deduced) to the prisoner, his

executors, or ademnistrators. Assigneet of

IV. Provided always, That all and every such assignee and copyhold e-

jdfigrrees of every copyhold or customary estate of such prisoner states to com*

as aforesaid, shall, before such time as he or they, or any of pound with

them, shall enter, or take any profit thereof, agree and compound with the lord or lords of the manor or manors, of whom

the same shall beholden, for such fine or income, upon any fur-

ypnder

Copyhold, &c to 62 thereupon granted them.

Estate in expectancy not affected by this act.

EffeCb, where relit is due, to be assigned to landlords

252' Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13/ [1755.

render and aditoifiiony as heretofore have been most usual and aqcustoqn4d to be paid 3 and that, upon every such agreement or composition, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the nejtc court to be holden for the said manor or manors, shall grant unto the said assignee or assignees1 the copyhold or cu-tiomary estate, by copy of court-roll, according to the custotn of the said manor or manors, for and during the estate ^and 'm-terest to him or them so assigned as aforesaid 5 reserving the rents, duties, heriots, oustoms and services, to Which the said copyhold or customary estate was.subject and liable at the time of the said assignment) and shall also, at the same court, admit the said assignee or assignees, tenant or tenants of the same, according to the custom of the said manor or manors.

V. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any estate or interest, or right whatsoever of any other person or persons than the said prisoner, which may be expedant upon or subject unto, the estate or interest of the said prisoner hereby verted in the said clerk of the peacey but that the estate, interest and all rights whatsoever, of every such person or persons as aforesaid, shall remain 4nd £on-tinuein the same manner as if this act had not been made.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any relit, not exceeding two years relit, shall be due to any person or persons from such prisoner or pri-fooersat the time of his or their respective discharges in respect tp any fueftuages, lands or tenements then in lease to such pri-fooer or prisoners respectively, for life or lives, for years, at will or otherwise, no goods or chattles then lying or being in or upon the respective tenements so in lease or liable to be distnpned* shall be afeigned by the clerk of the peace in manner aforesaid', ' but shall by such clerk of the peace be transferred to such laritf-lord or landlords, or some person or persons intruded fqr huri or them respectively, towards satisfaction of the relit then due, not exceeding two years relit as aforesaid, unless die person or ersons to whom such assignment shall be made by such clerk of the peace, shall, by writing under his or their respective bantfc and seals, before such assignment, agree to pay or satisfy to1 fuBf landlord or landlords the relit to him or them respectively due,

' not exceeding two years relit as aforesaid, to the intent that rtigh

landlord or landlords may befatisfied the relit or rents tcrhhrfor them respectively due, before any division of the estate or eHfe&s of such prisoner or prisoners among his other creditors, iti hke manner as he or they might be satisfied the relit to him or; them respectively due before the removal of such goods jartdf chattka by virtue of an execution by force of the Statute made in the eighth year of her late Majesty's reign, intituled, Act for the better feiurlty of rents, and to prevent frauds committed^'Ann. c. 14. tenantl. 311 y thing herein before contained to the conttarjr thereof in any wise notwithstanding. -V

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the aytlrority afere^ said, That nothing in this act shall extend or be conftkied^'tbr -. - hinder

unless the assignees satisfy the landlord.

*7550 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. ifr

binder pr present any mortgage or qior^ges upon the cftateof such prisoner or prisoners pr any part thereof, to ukc place, of-ort the lands, ftenemeqts or hereditaments, comprised in such mortgage or mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute- M staple, Statute-merchant, recognizance or judgment, acknow- nftif.1 legged by or obtained against, any such prisoner or prisoners, to felted, take placp upon the lands, tenements pr feat estate of such prisoner or prisoners y and also where any upquisition shall have been taken qpon any/uch statute or recognizance, or any writ of execution shall have been taken out, and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer, upon any such judgment, before such assignment made by the clerk or the peace, as aforesaid, upon his or their personal pftate respectively, preferable and prior to any division of the estate and effclis'of such prisoner or prisoners amqng, hi& other creditor or creditors, for so much as shall remain really due upon such mortgage, statute, recognizance or judgment respectively, in like manner as such mortgagees and creators by Statute, recognizance or judgment, would nave been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature* agrioA the real or personal estate of such prisoner and prisoners respectively, if this all bad not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithflaftdibg.

Ylll. And whereas many per Jam who mqy he iMilled to anddeim the benefit of this act9 are f ifed and possesstd of lands, tenements and hereditaments, to hold to such prisoners for the term of their natural* lives, with power of granting leafs (for fines reserv'tng small rents) on such estates for ope, two or three lives x in possession or reversion, or for same number of years, determinable upon lives, which said powers' oughjto be executed for the benefit of the creditors of such prisoners >: p0 wer in pr-bejt therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in eviery foner of P fucficast, all and every the powers of leafing such lands, tene- leafing lands, mcpfts: and hereditaments* which are or shall be veiled in or to veil in chimed by apy such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, shall be affiSncC8# and f*rc hereby vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and perianal efiateof such prisoner by virtue of this all, to be.by. iiiqbi assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of alland every the creditors of such prisoners, as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* Prisoners in-T^fiall and every prisoner and prisoners who shall so petition tending to tactf discharged under this all, as aforesaid, shall cause publick taketue bene-notice to be mferted in three several London Gazettes, pre- to give notto vions to such general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment \n London thereof, which the said prisoner and, prisoners shall apply to Gazette, bp^ifefiarged, containing the name, trade or occupation, and tw, o last places of abode, if so many, of every such prdoner and prisoners, and the prison wherein he, she or they is or are, confined, and of his, her or their intention to take the benefit of this all, and mentioning fii; h notice in each Gazette, to be the first, second and third notice, according to the time of publUbing each of such, notices 5 for each of which said several /lptyces, the^e (half be paid by each prisoner two pence, and no Fec for

u\ more same.

*54

Prisoners oath. See. not being disproved, the justices are to discharge bun*

Gaoler's fee.

Churt, if required by creditor, to administer an oath to the gaoler.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. [1755.

more; the first of which said notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, thirty days at least, and the hft of the said notices, ten days at lead before such genet*al or quarter sessions so held as aforesaid, so that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said prisoner or prisoners in custody, as those creditors who have charged such prisoner or prisoners^ may have sufficient ho-tice as aforesaid; and in case it shall be proved eithertftitfa oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes, before the said justices at their said sessions, that the said publick notices so inserted in the London Gazette, in manner as herein before fs directed; and that the said person or persons so petitioning sefio or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on the said flri^ diy of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five*and the oath taken by the said prisoner or prisoners be not dlfproved by good testimony of any credible person or persons on oath, ti be administered by the raid justices, then the said justices in tfiftjr said general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, ' 6r the major part of them being satisfied therewith, shall thereupon, by order of the said sessions, command the said sheriff Jr iherim^ gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any such prison od on-fons, forthwith to set at liberty such prisoner or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one shilling for his or their attendance with such prisoner or prisoners at such general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, in 6rden or his, her or their discharge; which sum of one shilling such sheriff or (hcriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of (hch prison or prisons, are hereby authorized and impowered to receive and take for the purposes aforesaid, and no more; which order shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers or keeper of such prison or prisons, anis shall indemnify him or them against any escape or escapes, or action or actions whatsoever, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them by reason thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aftWsaid, That any court of general or quarter sessions, which, puifd3ht to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall make any'drifcr for the discharge of any prisoner or prisoners aforesaid, mall, ^if required by any creditor or creditors, who shall oppose such jifi-foner's discharge, administer and give such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of such prison orprijbtts, wherein the said prisoner or prisoners is or are, an oath td1 the following effect; that is to say, K

I A.B. do j\wear, That^wasf&lfy

and truly my prisoner in my custody, in the prison of

to the bef of my knowledge and belief at if Open the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fiftyjfae\ and the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, and the tojpf or copies of the cause or cavfes, now by me brought with the bodfafrbe said is the warrant of mi or

- 1*er

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13.

her detainer \ and is or are a true copy or copus, without any fraud of deceit by we % or by any other to the best of my knowledge.

So help me GOD.

X£ iProvided always, and be it enacted by the authority ar Gaoler* who foreCutf, That if such person or persons, as was the sheriff or were notfo sheriff^, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper , of such gaol or prison on on 1 Jan. the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and755» t°oJce fifty five, shall pot happen to be the fherlflf or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers or Jteeper of such gaol or prison, at the time of making such order, that the said general or quarter fefhoos, held as aforesaid, if required as aforesaid, shall administer and give to fgch. persons as shall be sheriffs, gaolers or keepers of such prison or prisons, at the time of making such order an oath touching the commitments, or books of commitment, to the effect following i that i$ to say.

I A.B. do swear. That have examined the commitments, or books kept of or concerning the commitment ofprisoners to the prifou, of, in the county of

and I verily believe, that the said commit faulty yr botfs of commitment, are really true, and not fictitiousr nor calculated for this purpose j and by them it dees appear, that

was, on the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, really and truly a prifaqixiu the actual cuJlody of the then

sheriff\ gaoler or keeper of the said prison, without fraud or deceit by me, or the said or

OOy other person or persons to my knowledge.

So help me GOD.

XII. And whereas great numbers of workmen skilful in the several trades and manu factures of this kingdom, and also many able seamen and mariners, finding themselves unable to satisfy the whole of their respective debts, and dreading the mifiries of a gaol, have chose to leave; tfeir employments and native country, and have entered themselves in foreign fir vice: and whereas their continuance abroad must be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom: in order therefore to enduce Debtor* who anffenable such persons to return; be it enacted by the author- were beyond rity aforesaid, That all and every debtor and debtors, who was teas on 1 Jan. or were actually beyond the seas in foreign parts on the said first V5-5, furrc", ' day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, who conforming, shall return and fgrreader himself or themselves unto the gaoler to have the qr, gaolers, keeper or keepers, of the prisons of the King's Bench, benefit of thi* hfatjhalfea or Fleet, or to the prison or prisons of such county or counties where such debtor or debtors last dwelt for the space of iik months ( which said gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, are^required and unpowered to receive and detain such debtor

vjfir debtors surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their discharge,

as

2 5

Fugitive'*

oath.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13; [1755.

as herein after-mentioned) shall, from and immediately after such surrender as aforesaid, be deemed a prisoner or prisoners within, and be to all intents and purposes intided to the benefit of this act, and shall upon due proof of the said premises, by the oath of such debtor or debtors (not disproved by any credible witness) be discharged in the same manner, as if he, she or they, had been actually in prison on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, and continued therein as aforesaid, subject nevertheless to the same restrictions and provisions, and upon compliance with the same terms, conditions and qualifications, herein before imposed upon the said prisoners actually in custody upon the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, and also subject to the terms and provisions, relating to the estate and effects of such prisoner as aforesaid, excepting only such particulars thereof, as require the name of a prisoner to be inserted in the sheriffs, gaolers or keepers lift as aforesaid, or relate to the oaths of such sheriff, gaoler or keeper herein before appointed to be taken; which particulars cannot possibly be applied to the case of pofons surrendering themselves as aforesaid; and also except the said oath herein before appointed to be taken by prisoners in custody upon the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, instead whereof the said person or persons so surrendering shall take an oath to the effect following, which the said justices, authorized to put this act in execution, are hereby required and impowered to administer, in such manner as the oaths herein before-mentioned are to be administered.

I A.B. doj upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, solemnly (weary protest, and declare, That I was actually, on the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, beyond the feat tn foreign partly videlicet, at

and that the schedule now delivered, and by me subscribed, doth contain, to the heft of my knowledge y re-mtmbrancey and belief \ a fully jufly true and perfect account and discovery, of all the eflatey goodly and effects to me tn any wife belonging \ and such debts as are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trufl for me\ and of all the securities and centrals9 whereby any money now i$y or will or may hereafter become payabUy or any benefit or advantage accrue to me or to my use9 or to any other person or persons in trufl for me; and the names and places of abode of the several persont from whom such debts are due and owing, and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contra his; and that neither /, nor any other person or persons in trufl for mey have landy money9 flock or any eflatOy real or personaly in possessmy reversion or remainder, other than what are in the said schedule contained, except wearing apparely bedding fer myself and family, working toohy and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, and these in the whole not exceeding the value of ten pounds; and that I have not directly or indirectly foldy lessened or Otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trusty or concealed % all or any part of my landy money, goods9chattlts, flocks^ debtsyfecuritiesy controls or estates

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. if. 257

real or per fond*, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or exptft any profit or -adoautagt thereof or ta defraud or deceive any ere-ditor or creditors to whom i am indebted, in any wise howsoever.

So help me GOD.

mi. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

TWa&if any (hcriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers or keeper of anyiprison, shall without just cause to be approved of by the said justices, refuse or delay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners Gaoler and as aforesaid, to the hid general or quarter sessions, in order to his printer of or hoedifch&rgev or shall, neglect or refuse to make out and de- Gazette, not liver such lifts as aforesaid, or to take any of the said oaths be- t?e^eu-fore^mentiofiedjor shall upon any account or pretence whatsoever fetions of this tatoor receive more than the said sum of one shilling herein be- aft, to forfeit forealiowed for his or her attendance! in order to be discharged to the prisoner of'fitch prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or shall detain the d lrt"

prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid $ or if the Dlc co u primer of the London Gazette shall wilfully refuse or neglect to infavt therein the name, trade, occupation and last place of abddeof such.prisoner, on reasonable requests to him made for that purpose, or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more thzfn rfco pence as aforesaid for so doing, every such sheriff, gaoler and keeper of such prison or prisons, and such printer of the London Gazette, shall respectively forfeit and pa? to each prifanerthe form of one hundred pounds, which shall and may be recovered with treble costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the courts of record at lVeJl- minfkri Wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gaolers con-That if any such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers or keeper vifted of per-of any prison, shall, in taking any of the afore-mentioned i«fy» to for-oatha, for(Wearor pfcrjure himself, and shall thereof be lawful-?1* 5201" to ly cctavicted, such fl^eriff, gaoler or keeper of such prison or ea l*nccl* prifope (over andabove such penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury) shall, upon every such.conviction, forfeit end pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered Wkhv full costs, by bill, plaint or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, whefeinn© essoin, protection, wager of law or other delay to be allowed, by and in the name ok such persons, their execu-torsuM administrators, as shall in pursuance of this act be appointed assignees of the estateand effects of the prisoner or prisoner^ for discharging of whom such perjury shall be committed^ and for want of such assignees, in the name or names of soy^other creditor or creditors, who shall sue for the said penalties* tohe applied ope moiety to the informer or informers, and other moiety towards satisfaction of the debts of such hin^cbfor«r creditors.

XV. h* ^further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Vu^XXI. S That

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. [1755.

n. r That if any person who now is or was on the first day of Ja-

ing°wronngCrt nuary one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, Sheriff or gaol-names, &c. toer or keeper of any prison, shall insert in any list or lifts deli — forfeitool. vered as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was or were not prisoner or prisoners, actually in custody on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, according to the tenor of the said oath taken at the time of delivering in such lifts, every such sheriff, gaoler or kipper, shall, for every name so inserted as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered in the same manner, and applied to the same use or uses, as herein before directed for the recovery of the said penalty and forfeiture in case of conviction of perjury.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any clerk of the peace shall delay or refuse to give every Sace wfufing or any ^ch prisoner, so discharged as aforesaid, within ten to give prison-days after his or her discharge, a copy of the order of his or er a copy of her discharge, on the payment of two shillings and six pence, his discharge, or ^all take more than the said sum of two shillings and fix trao^d^ary*" Pence for such coPy» every clerk of the peace so offending fees, to forfeit shall forfeit and pay to every such prisoner, the sum of twenty aol. pounds, to be ordered to be paid by the justices of the peace at their general or quarter sessions of the peace, who are hereby impowered to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods of the person so offending.

Prisoner con-

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, vifted of per- That if any prisoner, as aforesaid, or any person or persons en-jury, to suffer abled to take the benefit of this act, shall forswear or perjure as a felon. himself, herself or themselves, in any of the matters aforesaid, and shall be lawfully convicted of wilful perjury, he or she shall be adjudged a felon, and suffer as such, without benefit of clergy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person to be discharged by this act shall, at any time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgment or decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, damages, debts*1 &c contemPts> c°fts> (um or sums ot money, contracted, incur-conti-acted be- rec*» occasioned, owing or growing due, before the said first day fore 1 Jan. of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; but that , 75S* upon every arrest upon every judgment, or such decree, or for

such debts, damages, contracts, costs, sum and sums of money, it shall and may be lawful for auy judge of the court where the process is sued, upon shewing the copy of the order of such prisoner's discharge or discharges, to release and discharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners, as aforesaid; and the judge is hereby impowered so to do, so as every such prisoner or prisoners arrested or detained upon execution or mesne process, do give a warrant of attorney to appear to every such action, and to plead thereunto.

Gaoler may

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, plead the ge- That if any action of escape or any suit or action, be brought neral issue a-.against

Prisoners discharged by this at, not liable to imprisonment

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. 259

against any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff, gaoler orpinftfuits keeper of any prison, for performing their office, in pursuance ?of cfcaPc of of this act, they may plead the generaf issue, and give this aftpn oncrt* in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgment upon demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs; provided that treble cofti. the discharge of any person, by virtue x>f this act, shall not prifoacr^not acquit any other person from suchdebt, fumor sums of money, to acquit o-or any part thereof, but that all others shall be answerable for thers answer-the same, in such manner as they vyere before the passing of ?blc for Ithe this a a. 1 6 same debt.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Debts and

aforesaid, That notwithstanding the discharge of the person

such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, all and every debt or gainftSprison* debts due or owing from the said prisoner or prisoners, and all ers lands and and every judgment or judgments had and taken, and decree effects. obtained against him or her, shall stand, and be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes, against the lands, tenements and hereditaments, goods and chattels of the said prisoners so discharged as aforesaid, which he, she or they, or any other person or persons in trust for him, her or them, at the time of such discharge hath or have, or at any time hereafter shall or may be any wife seised or possessed of, interested in, or intitled to, either in law or equity; except his, her or their Wearing wearing apparel, bedding for his, her or their families, and P*rcl>bedding, working tools and implements necessary for his, her or their occupations, not exceeding the value of ten pounds in the whole; ej?s* p*and it shall and may be lawful to and for such creditor or ere- and creditor ditors of such prisoner or prisoners so discharged as aforesaid, may takeout his, her or their executors or administrators, to take out a new execution against the lands, tenements and hereditaments, cu lon' goods and chattels of such prisoner or prisoners (except as before excepted) for the satisfaction of his, her or their debts, in such fort, manner or form, as he, she or they might have done, if the person or persons of such prisoner or prisoners had never been in execution; any act, Statute, law or custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for any p*rioits dif. person discharged by this act, in case any Scire facias, or action general-of debt, shall be brought against him or her upon any judgment fy, See. to ao obtained against him or her, or Statute or recognizance acknow-tiens, &c. ledged by him or her, before the said first day of January one brought on thousand seven hundred and fifty five, with respect to prisoners befor?* in actual custody, or with respect to debtors beyond the seas, j3n. 1755, $rc* as aforesaid, upon the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, to plead generally in discharge of his or her person or persons from execution, that Ire or (he was achially a prisoner in such prison, at such a person's Am, or was or were beyond the seas in foreign parts, on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, and was or were duly discharged according to this act at the general

260 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. [1755.

neral or quarter sessions held at such time and place for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town or place (as his, her or their case is) without pleading any matter specially 5 and in case any other suit or action shall be commenced against him, her or them, for any other debt, sum or sums of money, due before the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, to plead in discharge of his or her person from execution (over and above such matters as aforesaid) that such debt, or sum of money (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, without pleading any other matter specially, where to the plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may shew the said defendant not to be intitled to the benefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the plaintiff might have replied in case the defendant had pleaded this act, and his discharge by virtue of this act, specially; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgment on demurrer, the defendant to have treble costs.

Bankrupts

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority not obtaining aforesaid, That no person against whom a commission of bank-certificates, rupt hath been awarded and issued out, and who hath not already obtained his certificate, and discharge of his debts, in pursuance of, and in such manntfr, as is directed by some or one of the acts of parliament now in force, relating to or concerning bankrupts, or shall not obtain such certificate and discharge before such time as he shall be brought before the justices of the peace, at their general or quarter sessions held as aforesaid, in order to be discharged in pursuance of this act, shall nefitedb 'this ^ave or rece, ve any benefit or advantage of or under this act,

y 1 nor be deemed to be within the meaning thereof.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Attornies, &c. shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge any attorney at law or solicitor, or any other person or persons money, not to acting of pretending to act as such, with regard to any debt be benesited, with which he or they shall stand charged for any money or other effects recovered and received by him or them, for the use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, solicitor or other person or persons acting as such, embezzelect, concealed or converted to his or their own use; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Not to extend to Scotland,

XXIV. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Gaoler to

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, permit per- That every sheriff, gaoler or keeper of any prison, shall, and fons to/peak is hereby required to suffer, in the day-time, any person or with prisoners persons desiring the same, to fee and speak in the lodge, or some sorted^Vthe conven*ent room of the said prison, with any prisoner or pri-lfft or Ga* foners, whose names arc inserted in the afore-mentioned lift or zette j.lifts

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. 261

Ms or London Gazette, or either of them, or any persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this act; and also fee, in the md to fee true and genuine books of the said prison, the entries made of the books of the name or names of such prisoner or pri Toners, together with entnes, the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or suits he, she or they are detained; and if any such sheriff, gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above required, such sheriff, gaoler or keeper, shall forfeit and on penalty of pay to the person so refused and aggrieved the sum of forty 40l. See. pounds, over and above all the penalties provided by any other former law now in being, to be recovered with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the courts of Westminster, wherein no essoin, pro ted ion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any prisoner, being the reunto required by any creditor, abode!&L of shall refuse to discover and declare the trade or occupation and the person at habitation, or last place of abode, of the person or persons at whole suit he whose suit he or she are detained; or being called for, shall, with- ^omin^'to out reasonable cause, refuse to come to the lodge of the prison [^ecreditor ° where he or she is detained; every such prisoner shall, upon proof thereof before the justices at the general or quarter sessions held as aforesaid, be incapable of receiving any benefit by this not to be be. ad; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any nefited. wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gaoler mak-That if any sheriff, gaoler or keeper of any prison or prisons, |nS e"^shall make or cause to be made, any false entries in any book or books belonging to the said prison, or shall prepare or keep, &c.*or cause to be prepared and kept, any false books, in order for such false entries, such sheriff, gaoler or keeper, shall, over and above the penalties which may be inflicted for such fraud, forgery or corruption, forfeit and pay the sum of one thousand pounds, to be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by and iii the name of any person or persons to whose prejudice such false entries shall in any wise tend, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority Petitioner to aforesaid, That all and every prisoner and prisoners petitioning {^YutTices a to be discharged by this act, shall, at the time of such petition- copy 0t the ing, leave with the justice or justices petitioned, a true copy of schedule. the schedule, containing his or her intended discovery, to be

sworn unto at the general or quarter sessions aforesaid; which copies shall be transmited to the respective clerks of the peace, and there to be seen, without fee or reward, by any creditor desiring the same.

XXIX. And whereas there is hut one common or county gaol for each of the respective counties of York and Lincoln, which said counties are each of them divided into three several ridings or divisions,

Justices for Com' York and Lincoln to meet at

discharge of prisoner*.

Persons con-

262 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. [1755.

all which have several commissions of the peace; and if the gaoler of those gaols be obliged to carry the debtors prisoners therein, to the quarter sessions of eQcb riding or division, the same'will be a very great charge, not only to such gaolersy but also to the prisoners in those large counties: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for each of the said ridings and divisions, in meet ac t*ie*r respective counties, at the common or county gaol thereof their respect: - Yefpe6lively, to assemble and meet, and to hold session there by ive gaols for adjournment from their respective quarter-sessions, from time to time, for the discharge of their respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before fined for fees, the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and

mands^of the ^ve* 'n ^cvera^ ga°h of this kingdom, for want of pay-gaoler. &c. ing their fees, rents, charges or any other demands, due to the to be discharg- keeper or gaoler of any prison respectively, or to any other of-cd. ficer (and upon no other account) shall be discharged, he, she or they, taking the oath by this61 required to be taken by prisoners. Debtors to the

XXXI. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to crown except discharge any person out of prison, seeking his or her discharge ed; under tins act, with respect to any debt with which he or she

and pr^0£*rs shall stand charged at the suit of the crown, or shall be indebt-5ool°to oneVC ec* to any body politick or corporate, or to any one person, in person, unless any sum exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds, besides in-" J! terest and costs, unless such body politick or corporate or credit-

or, shall consent thereto; and if any such body politick or corporate or creditor, to whom a sum exceeding five hundred pounds shall be owing, shall oppose the discharge of such pri-

creditor consent.

Creditor of posing the discharge, to

allow prisoner (oner, and shall infill that such prisoner be continued in gaol;

3s. 6d. per week.

that then, and in such case, such body politick or corporate or creditor or creditors, opposing the said prisoner is discharge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her or their proper costs and charges, allow and pay such a weekly maintenance to the said prisoner, not exceeding three shillings and six pence per week, in such manner as the said justices in their general or quarter (eflions shall order; and upon non-payment of the same for the space ment.prisoner of six weeks, the said prisoner, upon application to the said ju-to be dif- ftices in their general or quarter sessions held as aforesaid, shall be discharged pursuant to the intent and meaning of this act.

XXXII. Provided also, That every person and persons, in-, titled or to be intitled to the benefit of this act, shall obtain their respective discharges on or before the thirty first day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or to be for ever excluded from all benefit thereof.

XXXIII. And whereas several persons who were confined in prison on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty fivey may have been removed to some other prisony by process of

P"* law \ be it enacted, That the gaoler of the prison wherein any reilwved kS- such Prisoner was confined on the said first day of January one

On nonpay-

charged.

No discharget to be obtained alter \\ March 1757.

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. 263

thousand seven hundred and fifty five, shall make affidavit of such confinement, and shall transmit such affidavit, to be attest- caitod^he cd on oath, to the sessions where such prisoner may claim to be wasoif i jan. discharged; and it shall and may be lawful for the justices of to make arfi- the peace, at such sessions as aforesaid, upon such oath as afore- davit of his said, and upon such prisoner's performing all other matters re- couhnement. quired in this act, to discharge such prisoner.

XXXIV. And whereas the prisons of the Fleet and King's Bench, being the prisons of and belonging to the superior courts, and for the most part containing such prisoners as brought themselves, thither by Habeas Corpus from other prisons, or have fur rendered themselves

into custody in discharge of their bail, which could not be done with- Prisoners in out their own content or procurement: be it therefore enacted by the the fleet or authority aforesaid, That every person fq coming to either of those £mCs , bencl1 prisons, whether by Habeas Corpus or voluntary surrender in corpiwnotto discharge of bail, and being qualified to take the benefit of this fwe/r that it act in all respects, according to the true intent and meaning was without thereof, shall be discharged, or intitled to any other benefits a- their procure* riling thereby, on taking the oath that is herein prescribed for ment* each prisoner to take, omitting only the words [without my consent or procurement] and with respect to their being a prisoner or prisoners, in either of said prisons above-mentioned only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And whereas it may happen, that several persons, who may claim and be intitled to the benefit of this act, are seised of an estate tail in some freehold or copyhold lands, tenements or hereditaments; which entail, with the remainders thereupon expectant, they have by law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, suffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or surrenders thereof; and thereby such persons said freehold or copy-hold lands, tenements or hereditaments, shall be liable to the payment

of their debts, and be delivered up according to the terms of this act, pr*poners for the benefit of their creditors: be it therefore enacted by the au- ec/0f estate-thority aforesaid, That in every such case, such person or per- tail, &c. to Ions so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be intitled to, and claim deliver up the the benefit of this act, shall, to all intents and purposes what- f*me to credi" soever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby de- n* dared to be seised of such lands, tenements and hereditaments, in fee-simple; and the same shall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors, in the same manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee-simple; any law or construction of law, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And whereas many prisoners who may be intitled to, and claim the benefit of this act, have been great dealers, or otherwise engaged in large transactions, whereby they may be intitled to sundry and great debts and demands of various and intricate natures-, and they may be intitled to equities of redemption of efiates subject and liable to mortgages, judgments or other incumbrances, or to reversions, remainders on other contingent efiates in lands, tenements or

264 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. [1755.

hereditaments> or to other trusts or interejis in efiates, both real and personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the schedule or inventory before directed to be delivered in upon oath by the prisoner to be discharged as afore [aid, or which may want his aid or aJMance to adjust, make out, recover or manage, for the benefit of the creditors: be it therefore provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of the estate and effects of such prisoner

Assignees of prisoners discharged, may

Justices to summon and examine prisoner thereon,

Prisoner re-

apply for fur- or prisoners, who shall obtain his, her or their discharge in purser discovery fuance of this act, or any other person or persons duly autho-of his effects, rized by them for that purpose, from time to time, to apply to c# any two or more of the justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town or liberty, where such prisoner or prisoners shall be then residing, thereby desiring, that such prisoner or prisoners may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her or their estate or effects; whereupon such justices shall fend for or call before them, such prisoner or prisoners, by such warrant, summons, ways or means, as they shall think fit; and, upon such prisoners appearing, shall examine him, her or them, as well upon oath as otherwise, as to such matters and things as such assignee shall desire, relating to the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners; and if any prisoner or prisoners (on payment, or tender of payment, of such Sfcove^to C reasonable charges as such justices shall judge sufficient) shall be committed, neglect or refuse to come and appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be made known to such justices, and by them allowed; or being come before them, shall refuse to be (worn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her or them, relating to the discovery of his, her or their estate or effetfts, so vested or intended to be vested in such clerk of the peace, or in such assignees as aforesaid; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their'hands and seals, to apprehend such prisoner or prisoners so offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them, to commit to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, she or they shall submit him, her or themselves, to such justices, and answer, upon oath, to all such questions as shall, by such justices, be put to him, her or them, for the purposes aforesaid.

Discoverer of

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

debtor's estate, That all and every such person and persons, who shall,

&c. not com- within twelve months after the discharge of such prisoner or prized in the prisoners, voluntarily come in, and make a discovery of any f. hedule, to part of such debtor or debtors real or personal estate as shall not per be comprized in such schedule as aforesaid, before any such justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, out of the net produce of such debtor or debtors estate, which shall be recovered on such discovery; and which shall be paid such person or persons so discovering the same, by the creditor or creditors who shall receive, or be intitled to any benefit and advantage by such discovery.

have aol cent.

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. 265

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the discharge of any prisoner or prisoners, by vir- ^in^fSudu-tue of this act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtain- jeAtly, void.U- cd fraudulently, the same shall be void and of none effect.

XXXIX. And whereas several perfom who are prisoners for debt choose rather to continue in prisony and spend their subfiance there^ than discover and deliver up to their creditors their estates or effects, in crC(jitor may order to the satisfaction of their just debts; be it enacted by the compel a pri-authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to or for foneriodehver anyone or more of the creditors of any prisoner committed since the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and of his effects* forty seven, at whose suit he or she was detained in prison upon the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, upon twenty days notice in writing to be given to such prisoner, and the person in whose custody he or she is, to require the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of the prison wherein such prisoner is detained, to bring such prisoner before the justices, at their next general or quarter sessions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, for the respective county, riding, division, city, town or liberty, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causes of his or her detainer; and such prisoner coming before such justices, at their said general or quarter sessions held as aforesaid, shall at the desire of any one or more of his or her creditors, at whose suit he or she appears to be detained, be obliged to deliver in upon oath, and subscribe the like schedule of his or her estate or effects, to be vested, assigned and equally divided, for the benefit of his or her creditors, in like manner as p£rfons desiring to take the benefit of this act are required to do, subject to the same penalty of being adjudged a felon, and differing as such, without benefit of clergy, on conviction of wilful perjury therein, as the said other prisoners are hereby subjected to; and shall upon such discovery, prisoncrmak. to the satisfaction of the said justices, in their said general or ing discovery quarter sessions held as aforesaid, or the major part of them, be to be dif-discharged and set at liberty, in the same manner, and with the charged\ same benefit of making use of their discharge, as is hereby provided for prisoners seeking their discharge under this act; and On refukl to if any such prisoners, so brought up as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver in and subscribe such schedule within forty a°felon. days, he, she or they so neglecting or refusing, shall, upon conviction thereof, be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit ot clergy.

XL. Provided always, That the creditors who intend to com- Notice there-pel such prisoners to deliver in any such schedule of their estate °*to be given, and effects, do give publick notice thereof in the London Gazette, cr^itoremar twenty days at lead before the said general or quarter sessions held come in J as aforesaid, to the end the other creditors of such prisoners may be apprized thereof, and come in for their distributive share, which they are hereby impowered to do, in like manner, as is provided for the creditors of persons seeking their discharge under this act.

266 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13; [1755.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the oath to be taken by the prisoner, delivering in any schedule, at the desire of any one or more of his or her creditors, according to the provision hereby made for that purpose, shall be in the words following; that is to say,

Oath to be T vPon corPora^ oath 171 Preface of Almighty God, made by pri-^famrth faear, protest, and declare, That the schedule now foner com- " delivered, and by me subscribeddoth contain, to the beji of know-pelled to give ledge, remembrance and belief, a full, just, true and perfect account such sche- and discovery of all the goods, effects and estate, real and personal,* c* either in possession, reversion, remainder, or in trust for me, or for

my benefit or advantage, unto me in any wise belonging or appertaining; and fetch debts as are to me owing, or to any person or perfas in trust for me; and of all the securities and contracts, whereby any money now isy or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage accrue to me, or to my use, or to any person or persons in trust for me, and the names and places of abode of the several perfas from whom fetch debts are due and owing, and of the wit-nejfits that can prove such debts or contrafts \ and neither I, nor any person or persons in trust for me, have lands, money, flock or any estate, real or personal, in possession, reversion or remainder, other than what art in the said schedule contained, except wearing apparel, bedding for myself and family, working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, and these in the whole not exceeding the value of ten pounds; and that I have not nor any body for m§, dire ft ly or indirectly fold, lessened or otherwise conveyed, dtjpofei of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, securities, contrafts or estates real or personal, whereby to ficure the same, to receive or expect any profit or advantage thereof, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am indebted, in any wise howsoever.

So help me GOD.

Such prisoners liable also to be examined, &c.

Assignees may compound with persons indebted to prisoner.

And such prisoner shall be obliged to undergo the like examination, on the application of the assignee or assignees of his or her estate or effects, as prisoners seeking their discharge are by this present act required to undergo, and subject to the like commitment for refuting to appear, or answer upon oath, as before is provided for the said other prisoners.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any assignee or assignees, to whom by virtue of this or any former act of parliament made for relief of insolvent debtors, the estate or effects of any prisoner or prisoners hath been or shall be assigned, is and are hereby impowered by and with the consent of the major part in value of such prisoner or prisoners creditors, wfm shall be present at a meeting to be had for that purpose, of which twenty one days publick notice shall be previously given in two London Gazettes, to make competition with any person or persons, debtors or accountants to such prisoner or prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable,

1y55.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. 267

and to take such reasonable part as can upon such composition be gotten, in fill] discharge of such debts and accounts; and Different also to submit any difference or dispute between such assignee or relating the re-assignees, and any person or persons whatsoever, for or on ac- j° m*y.^cbdc" count, or by reason or means, of any matter, caufr or thing, ^bSSateiZ relating to such prisoner or prisoners estate or effects, or to any debt or debts due or claimed to be due to or from such prisoner or prisoners, to the final end and determination of arbitrator to be chosen by the said assignee or assignees and the major part in value of such creditors, and the party or parties with whom they shall hove such difference, and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or otherwise to settle and agree the matters in difference and dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee or assignees, with such consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, and can agree; and the same shall be binding to all the creditors of such prisoner or prisoners; and the said assignees are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do, according to the direction aforesaid.

XLIII. And, to the intent and purpose that the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this act, may be truly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her or their real creditors; be it enacted by the Creditor*authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective courts at Westminster^ from whence any process if- bf removed fuc3, upon which such prisoner or prisoners was or were com- for mfufficion-mitted, whose effects are so assigned, or where the process issued °Y or nutbe-out of any other court, to and for the judges of the couft of baviour»

King's Bench^ Common Pleas and Exchequer^ or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, complaining of any insufficiency, fraud, mismanagement or other misbehaviour, of all or any of the assignees to whom the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners shall be assigned by such clerk of the peace as aforesaid, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or difpiacing such assignee or assignee^ and the appointing any and new ones new assignee or assignees, in the piafce or stead or such assignee appointed, or assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just or equitable management or distribution of the said estate and effects for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the removal or difpiacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any such new assignee or assignees, the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners shall from thenceforth be divested out of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in and delivered over to such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same were before vested in the assignee or assignees as aforesaid; any thii^ in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

268

Where mutual credit has been given the balance to be, stated.

This act not to extend to Benjamin Thomas and Richard Bed-does.

JulKces may call the said prisoners before them 3

and examine into the value of their citate and effects.

and levy the debt by warrant of distress,

and assign over their real estate, till payment. Prisoners thereupon to be discharged.

Prisoners of courts of conscience, to have the benefit of this act.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 13. [1755.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all and every case or cases, where mutual credit hath been given between any prisoner or prisoners to be discharged in pursuance of this act: , and any other person or persons, or body politick or corporate, before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners upon oath as aforesaid, then and in every such case, the respective assignees of such prisoner or prisoners shall and have hereby power on their part, to date and allow an account between them, and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such clerk of the peace, or such assignees, as the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to be due to him, her or them respectively, for the balance of such account when truly stated.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to Benjamin Thomas and Richard Bed-does, two of the people called Shakers^ now prisoners in the common gaol of the county of SaTop9 at the suit of Joyce Smith, executrix of the last will and testament of Thomas Smith clerk, deceased, for tythes, or either of them, so as to oblige the said Benjamin Thomas and Richard Beddoes, to deliver in and subscribe a schedule of their respective estates and effects; but it shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace of the said county , upon application made by the said Joyce Smith, or by any person or persons for or on behalf of the said Benjamin Thomas or Richard Beddoes, to cause the said prisoners respectively to be brought before them at their next general quarter sessions of the peace, together with a copy or copies of their detainer, and to examine into the value of the estate and effects of the said prisoners, by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, and to issue a warrant under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of any two or more of them, thereby directing and requiring the respective sums due from them the said prisoners respectively, to the said Joyce Smith, and for which they are respectively charged and detained in the said prison, to be levied upon their respective goods and chattles; and if the goods and chattles of the said prisoners respectively shall not be found sufficient, then the teal estates of the said prisoners respectively (if any such there be) shall by the said justices be assigned over to the said Joyce Smith, till such time as the said debts shall be respectively paid; and the said prisoners shall, upon their appearance respectively before the said justices, and the said debts clue to the said Joyce Smith being respectively paid, be respectively discharged from their imprisonment, as to the said debt or debts.

XLVI. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been and are now imprisoned for debt, upon processes issuing out of courts of conscience: it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such prisoners shall be intitled to have the benefit of this act, and be discharged hereby, provided he, she or they, conform to the directions herein before prescribed.

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 14. 269

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Quaker's affir-That in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the so- ra?tlon.to be lemn affirmation of any person being a Quaker, shall and may* be accepted and taken in lieu thereof^ and every person making such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as are inffided and imposed by this act, upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho- Persons who rity aforesaid, That no person who took the benefit of an act took the bene-passed in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, in- fit tituled. An act for the relief of infohent debtors, shall have or re- eluded!* ceive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the meaning thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An act for further explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fishery, and for giving further encouragement for the carrying on the said fishery, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fishery, after impowering his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, to incorporate sundry persons in the said ail named, and such other bodies and persons as in the said ail are mentioned, to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of The society of the free British fishery, for the purpose of carrying on and improving the British white herring fisheries, and to impower the said society, by a voluntary subscription, to raise the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, to be the capital stock of the said society; it is9 amongst other things enabled, That for an encouragement to such persons as Should become subscribers to the flock for carrying on the said fisheries, that the sum of three pounds by the year for each hundred pounds which Should be ailually employed in the said fishery, and proportionably for any greater or lesser sum, Should be paid to the proprietors of the said flock, for and during the space of fourteen years from the date of their charter, out of the customs, by the receiver general of his Majesty's customs, by equal half-yearly payments, provided that the said society Should employ the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, at least, in the said fisheries, within the space of eighteen months after the date of such subscription; and it is, by the said ail, enabled,

That no transfer Should be made of any of the flock or Share of or in the said five hundred thousand pounds, for the space offive years from the date of the said charter, but that the same Should be absolutely void to all intents and purposes whatsoever \ provided that it Should

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 14. [1755.

be lawful for the executors, and administrators, or devisees, of any person or persons who Should happen to die possessed of or interested in, any such flock or Share of or in the said five hundred thousand pounds, and also for the assignees under any commission of bankrupts, to trarffer such flock or flares, and dispose of the produce thereof in such manner, as they might by law dispose of any other effects of such testator, intestate, or bankrupt; and as a further encouragement to all persons to engage in the said white herring fisheries, a bounty of thirty findings per ton is by the said act given and made payable as therein mentioned, to the owner or owners of all decked vessels, from twenty to eighty tons burthen, which Should be built after the commencement of the said act, for the use of the said fisheries, whether by the said society, or any other person or persons, in manner, and under the regulations, and upon such conditions, as in the said act are after-mentioned, such bounty to be paid yearly, during the space of fourteen years from the commencement of the said act, and no longer, upon conforming to the regulations of the said act: and whereas, amongst other qualifications by the said act made necessary for obtaining a licence and authority for busses or vessels to proceed on the said fishery, oath is to be made by such persons as in the said act mentioned, that such busses or vessels shall proceed either to Brafley Sound in Shetland, and be it the rendezvous of the said fishery there, on or before the eleventh day of June, and shall not fboot. or wet their nets before the thirteenth day of the said month of June, and shall continue following and fifinng amongst the shoals of herrings at they move south-ward, to the first day of October; or shall proceed to Campbell Town in Argyleshire, and be it the rendezvous of the said fisheries on or before the first day of September, and shall continue fishing a-tootig the shoals of herrings as they move, to the thirty prfi day of December, unless they shall have sooner completed their loading of fish, and that on the return of such vessel into any port of Great Britain for her discharge, oath shall be made by the mafier of such vessel, that such vessel was at one of the places beforementioned, at the time appointed by the said act, and had not since been on any other voyage, or pursued any other design or view of profit, and that they did remain fishing according to the direction of the said act: and whereas by another act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An act to explain, amend and render more effectual, an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fifl)ery\ and for regulating the said fishery according to the calendar now in use; and for other purposes therein mentioned; it is enabled, That the oath and oaths by the said first-mentioned act required to be taken with respect to the days thereby appointed for the rendezvous of the said society s busses or vessels, and for the commencement and duration of the said fisheries, Should be varied and made conformable to the calendar then and now in use in these kingdoms \ that is to say, That the oath to be made in order to the procuring a licence to proceed on the said fishery, Should import that it is the firm purpose and determined resolution of the persons making such oath, that the buss or vessel applying for licence and authority

2; i

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 14.

to proceed on the said fishery, /bould proceed either to Brafley Sound in Shetland, and be it the rendezvous of the said fishery there, on or before the twenty second day of June, and Should continue fishing as in the said act mentioned, to the twelfth day of October, or Should proceed to Campbell Town in Argyleshire, and be it the rendezvous of the said fisheries on or before the twelfth day of September, and Should continue fishing to the eleventh day of January, unless they Should have sooner completed their loading of fish; and that the oath by the said first-mentioned act required to be made by the respective masters of the said bujfes or vessels, at their return into port, for their discharge, might and Should from the commencement of the said loft mentioned act, be varied and made conformable to the alterations thereby made in respect of such several days of rendezvous: and whereas pursuant to the powers by the said first-mentioned act given to his said Majesty, a society by the n^pie of The society of the free British fishery, hath been incorporated Vy charter, bearing date the eleventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and a very considerable sum of money hath been subscribed and paid in towards carrying on the purposes of the said act and charter, in which the said society did actually expend and employ, within eighteen months from the date of their subscription, the sum of one hundred and four thousand five hundred and nine pounds, and the said society have accordingly, in pursuance of the said two several acts herein before recited, received of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, intereji for the said sum of one hundred and four thousand five hundred and nine pounds, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for two years, computed from the said eleventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty, oldfile, being the date of the said society's charter, to the twenty second day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, new Rile: and whereas since the said twenty second day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, the said society have expended and employed in the said fishery a further sum of money, over and beftde the said sum of one hundred and four thousand five hundred and nine pounds: and whereas it is conceived that it would be for the benefit and advantage of the said society to be impowered to let out to hire to any terson or persons any of the bujfes now belonging, or hereafter to belong to the said society, to be employed only in the find fisheries, and also for the said society, and such person or persons to whom such bujfes may be so let out to hire, to be at liberty to follow the said white herring fishery in any part of the British Seas: and whereas same doubts have arisen touching the validity of the payment of the intereji of three pounds per centum per annum, so made to the said society on the said sum of one hundred and four thousand five hundred and nine pounds, to the said twenty second day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty two; and also touching the times from whence the computation of the intereji accrued, due or hereafter to grow due, to the said society, from the said twenty second day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, ought to be made: therefore, for putting an end to all rach doubts, and for giving further encouragement to the carrying on the said fisherie$; be it enacted and declared, and it is hereby

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 14; [1755.

by enacted and dedardhby the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advic^aftd content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons-in this present parliament aflfcmbte^ The payment and by the authority oftfce same, That the payment-oTtbirin* made to the terest of three pounds ter centum per annum, made by the cOltr-vear'^interest missioners of his Majesty's customs, to the said society on the* on the sum of said sum of one hundred and four thousand five hundred and 104., 5091. ap- nine pounds, and computed from the eleventh day oft?filter proved and one thousand seven hundred and fifty, to the twenty fecotwf d*y continued. of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty two* shall % e deemed a good and valid payment, within the true <fritent "and meaning of the said act hereing first recited; and that-she kkl society shall not be liable to any dedu&iori from or it-imbur/e-ment of the sum so paid to them for imereft as aforesaid, ©ran)r Futureinterest Parl thereof; and that all future ioterest on the said sum of oYre to be compu- hundred and four thousand fivd hundred and nine pounds^hali ted from be computed and paid from the said twenty second day of<J£j*-October 1751.^One thousand seven hundred and fifty two.

Future interetl

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority of additional aforesaid, That all future computations of interest, payable»sums to be the said society by virtue -of or under the said act herein first outlie*aayS rcc*ec^n of any additional sums already paid*in^ od

ments into the hereafter to be paid irr, over and above the said Aim of one hum* bank. dred and four thousand five hundred and nine pounds, (halite

made front the respective day or days on which each sum respeoh tively was or shall hereafter, be paid into the.bank of Englandg^e order to be expended or employed in the said ftfheries.*rp* r \ Cl uf ohi- And H further enacted by the authority aforefittd; ^"h«t

biting trans- much of the said herein first recited act, as -directs that saw fers continued transfer of any of the stock or (bare of or in ithe- sum of Hive for 7 years, hundred thousand pounds, which the said ibcietyare by tlidttid Exception. a($ impowered to raise as a capital ftoak, IfcaU be micteffortflfl space of five years, from the date of their ebirrter, except'm hlah cases as in the said act are mentioned, and, excepted, faqllbh* continued, and be in force for the further term dfferen yaaotprtMj be computed immediately from and after;be exphatidntaft tbti said term of five years.

Allowances of

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority afdmfirid,; Tholj 31, per cent, the several allowances Of three pounds per enaumtptixam^tmu and bounty of an(j bounty of thirty shillings per ton* granted: by -schft, smit continued for a<^s> for the respectivei terms therein and -herein hef^tiio*in 3 years. oned, shall be continued for the further term of three.

be computed immediately from and after the expirations qfahfc said respective terms, for winch the same were granted fcs afottH said, and shall be paid and payable for Rich ftisther term of (tap* years to the said society, and to such other pejfon or p«j?6ei*§! m.are or may be intituled to the said allowancesirefpedivjriyii^hjt virtue of or under the said acts, in such manner, and hy/^k&te person and persons, and out of such monies,: as-the now payable by virtue of or under the said ac&*: or eithetfi*; them.

17 5$.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 14* >273

V. And b$ jt further emufted by the authority aforetod, That Society may it iiwU and may be lawful for the tod society, from time to {- their time, to let out to hire, to any person or persons, any of the D es*bufles belonging or which may hereafter belong lo the tod Society, to be used and employed in the tod fisheries only, under Subject to like and subject to such regulation* and restrictions, as the said foci- regulations, ety would be liable and subject unto, in case such bufles fb let

oat, were immediately under the direction and employment of the said society > and also that it shall and may be lawful for the Fishery may tod society, and for such person or persons to whom any of be followed in their bufles may be so let out to hire at afcrelakl, to follow the any part of the tod white herring fishery in any part of the British feau na eas'

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforetod, That Forfeiture for the raid society shall rtot be deemed liable to forfeit or incur a for- bufles act feiture of the said bounty of thirty shillings per ton, so given and rtving-iit the intended by the said aft herein farft recired, to vessels employed S^vous by* in the said fisheries, in respect of such bufles as shall not arrive cmain day, at one of the places in and by the said acts or either of them ap- taken off*pointed, for the rendezvous of the bufles or vessels to be employed in the tod fisheries, by or on the respective days in and

by the tod herein recked act of the twenty sixth year of the reign provided they

of his present Majesty appointed for the rendezvous of such but- ^e rd,

fes or vefleis, provided that such bufles or vefl&s did really and {*forc the*

bona fide take their departure for such respective places of ten- times limited

dezvous, or one of them, at least five days before the respective* in 1

days in and by the tod last mentioned act named and appointed

for the vessels employed in the tod fisheries to be at such respective places of rendezvous, and that such bufles or vessels befitted

out in all respo&s conformable so the directions and regulations the acts direct!

in the said two ftvcral recited acts.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority afarefakf, The oath to That in all cases where it shall happen that the bufles of veflfcte bc taken by to be employed in the said fiftieries shall, by virtue of the liberty [^frretum and power in and by this present act given and allowed for that ^b© purpose, quit and leave the respective stations at sea, from whence conformable the tod fishery is ia and by the said first herein recked aft ap- to the particu-pohtted to be carried on, in order for the fishing at other (la- |*r circu, ?Tli tkms i and also in all cases where the respective bufles employed veffdTwith rein the said fisheries, and taking their departure for such respect spect to the five places of rendezvous at the respective times herein before time of arri-mentionod, shall not arrive at the said respective stations at

Brajfey Sound or Campbell Town, or at Kirkwall, or one of them, on or before the respective days in and by the said act of the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said Majesty directed and appointed; the oath by the said herein first recited act required to be made by the respective matters of such bufles or v^flel* aft their return into port for their discharge, with respect to so much of such oath as relates to their having arrived at such t&-jpective places of rendezvous, or one of them, on such days as is for that purpose mentioned and appointed m and by the said acts, or either of them, and to their having remaintd fishing

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. 0, 14. [1755.

according to the directions of the said several acfts, oiay and shall from henceforth be varied and made conformable to the particular circumstances attending such respective bufles or vessels To quitting the respecti ve stations at Tea, from vohenc£ the said fisheries are, in and by the said herein first recitid act, directed to be carried on, or either of them, or to thdf not arriving at either of the said respective stations of Brafliy Sound or Campbell Town, or Kirkwall, on or before the respective days in aijd by the said act of the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty appointed for the rendezvous of such bufles or vessels; and that such oath shall be made and taken by the master or other chief officer of such buss or vessel so returning into port

for a discharge.

In a court of

VIII. And whereas by his Maftjlfs said charter of the eleventh day council when ^Odtoober one thousand seven hundred and fiftyx the court of thecoun-prefi^nTand^i& confijl at least off even members of the find

vice president council, whereof the governor, president or vice president, is always is absent, an to be one: and whereas if may frequently happen, that the bufinefi of occasional pre- fa. society may be obflrufied or delayed by the non-attendance in thofcn° bc council af the governor, president or vice president of the said society;

be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the'*absence of the governor, president and vice president, from any

i meeting ofi the court of the council of the said society, it shall and; >may be lawful for the members of the said council then present^ being at the lefaft seven in number, to elect and choojfe lone, of their members then present to preside for that time in such court of council; and that all acts dofce by such court of the council of the said society, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be as good and valid, to all intents and purport#, the same would have been in case the governor, president or viccL: president, of the said society, or one of them, had b$en present at such court of council.

: IX.: And whereas divers wicked and malidoks persons have futtfuU.ly damnified, fpoiledand defiroyei, fundrynets, fairs, cordage ff^ges mi other materials, of and belonging to the said society, to the great prejudice and loys of the foiiety: therefore for preventing fycH violences and outrages for the future, and for bringing all offers / <krs in the premisses to more speedy and exemplary justic^J ibe pfeiialtytjftr*- it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pep* ble value for son or persons shall hereafter wilfully damnify, spoil or destroy, destroyingor without the content of the said society, any of the nets, Taj& nc^rifore/ ^S* A*5 or other materials, of or belonging to the said ©fthefbeiety, society, every such offender, being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath or oaths erf two or more credible witness or witnesses, before any,one or mOre justices of the peace for the county, city, town or place, where such offence (h^H be committed, upon any information exhibited, or prosecution, within six calendar months after the dflehce committed (which oaths the said justices are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall forfeit and pay to the said society treble the value of such'nets# fails, cordage, stores, oj otbtr materials, ft> Sto-: '*' nlped.

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. 275

ftified, spoiled or destroyed, to be levied by distress and sale of to be levied by

Sc offenders gqods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under hands and seals of any one or more justices of the peacelac* wthih their respective jurisdictions 3 and for want of sufficient por want of distress, fu6h justices shall commit the party or parties offending distress the of to the house of corrpdion, there to remain, and be kept to tender to be hard labour, for any time not exceeding three months, or until fttisfa<$tion shall be made to the said society for the said of* fehefe.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That CoraraHfion-Tot* preventing any difficulties about ascertaining, getting in, ers of the cuf* Arid receiving all such sums of money as shall for the future be- tomstotranf-come due and payable by law, as a duty of six pence per month ^e^of the* from all seamen who are or shall be employed in the service of duties for the British white herring fishery, for the support of the royal Greenwich hospital at Greenwich, the commissioners for the time being of hospital, his Majesty's customs shall, and they are hereby required, from time to time, after the commencement of this act, to transmit, from the out* or cause to be transmitted, with all convenient speed, to the of- ports for ob-. flee of the receiver for the time being of the said duty in London, taining the A'true and exact copy of every certificate which shall, from time ^on, £gcboun. to1 time, after the said commencement, be transmitted to them y* the said of by all or any of the respective collectors And comptrollers of the several out-ports in Great Britain, in tfrder tb the said of causing payment to be made of the bounty of thirty shillings per ton, pursuant to the directions bf Arr'act of parliament made in the twenty third year of his pre-ftrit Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the3 Geo. i. c. 24« BntilK Duhite herring ffiery; and that from and after the said thirimc^ncement, it shall not be lawful for the said commission-Tii$ Majesty's customs to cause payment to be made of any monies for or on account of the said bounty of thirty shillings No payment j&irtbh, to any person or persons whatsoever who shall be inti- to be made of tlfetf tb demand such bounty under or by virtue of the said last the bounty, mentioned act of parliament, unless and until he or they who bll certificate lhah bc so respectively imitled to make such demand, shall have fj^mens duty

Sroduced to the said of one or more proper cer- paidtoGreen-& 5pr certificates from the receiver for the time being of the wien hospitaU fit# duty of fix pencoper month, that all monies due on ac-cttfnk of the same duty for every seaman employed on board the Vessel in tefped of which the said bounty shall be demanded, birth been fully paid according to the directions of the several of parliament in that behalf made.

CAP. XV.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million, to be raised by a lottery.

Most greukus Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. [1755.

ir forces bjr

Ammities granted in respect of 9«>, ooel.

to be chargei on the Sinking Fund.

Annuities to carry jl per

jing desirous to enable your Majesty to i sea and land, and to take such measures f of the security dfypur Majesty's dominions, as iriay be necessary in the promt com- One miUio jun^ure, have freely and unanimously resolved'tafive fend granted tohisSrant unto Majesty for these purposes, the fom of one Majesty, million, to be raised in such manner and form a$fis Hercdivaf-

ter directed, and do therefore most humbly* bdteth your^criad jesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the?'King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of ebb lords spirhual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflsembled, and by the authority of the same, That the annuities which by this act shall be granted and made payable in respect of the principal sum of nine hundred thousand pounds, part of the principal sum of one million, to be raised in such manner and form as herein after is directed, until redemption thereof by parliament* in manner herein after-mentioned, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the monies which shall from time to time arise and be remaining in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of or for the furpltimes, excesses or overplus monies, and other revenues competing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and the said surplus-fes, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, are iiercby appropriated for that purpose accordingly.

II. And whereas it is intended that the said sum of one tnil-- r -«lion shall be raised by way of a lottery, in manner herein after-°*mcr*mentioned, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the annuities which shall become due and payable to the contributors to the lottery herein after-mentioned* theft executors, administrators and assigns, at the rate of three pounds flsr centum per annum, in respect of the said principal Aim f>f nine hundred thousand pounds, part of the said principal Aim of one million, in manner herein after in this act expressed, shall

commence and be computed from the fifth day of January

ha" which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fovea hun-y dred and fifty six, and shall from time to time be paid -half-

yearly, on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to be due and payable for the half year ended on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty six. i

Native* or so- HI- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, reigner* who That for or towards raising the said sum of one million, ft shall subscribed, and may be lawful for the several persons* natives and foreign-anc* k°dies politick or corporate, who before five of the tiontof the dock in the afternoon, of the fifteenth day of April one thou-commons, to sand seven hundred and fifty five, in pursuance of the refolu-pay their con- tjons of the commons of Great Britain, in parliament afien-thetimeshere- shall have in hooks opened at the bank of England, for in directed, that purpose subscribed and agreed to contribute to the payment of the said sum of one million, and who (hailhave before that time ejepofited with, or paid to the first brickie# cashier orcste-ftrs of the governor and company of the bank of England for

to commence from 5 Jan. 1756, and

*77

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 15.

the time being, one fifth part of every Ann of ten pounds to be paid for each ticket in thfe said lottery, to advance and pay onto thtbsaidcaAueror cashiers, (who is and are hereby appointed; the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any further orathen warrant to be (bed for, had or obtained in that behalf) the*emainder, of the principal sums so subscribed, at or before the respective days or rimes, and io the proportions ini this act limited in that behalf )> that is to say, one other fifth part thereof, on or before the fifteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty five \ one other fifth part thereof, on or before the thirtieth day of June then neat ensuing; one other fifth part thereof, On, or before the thirtieth. day of July then nextienfuing $ and the remaining fifth part thereof, on or ber face the tenth day of September then neat following; and that every fitch contributor or adventurer, for every sum of ten poundswhich he or she shall have fb advanced, shall be entitled to such lot or share, and shall receive such (urn or Anns of mqney, asisor are hereby directed and appointed.

IV,; Ana. be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cashier of the That the bid cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, is and are here- m0neypaidin, by authorized and required forthwith to give receipts in writing, signed by himself or themselvesy to such contributor or contributors, for ah Aims of money deposited with, or paid unto, Aidhcafhier and cashiers, before the passing of this act; and also for such other sum and sums of money, as shall after the -paflktg of this act be advanced or paid to him or them by any such contributor or contributors; which receipt shall be*J? (awe to be mginbkjby endorsement thereupon made. assignable.

V. Provided always, That such cathier or cashiers shall give cashier to securifcy to the good hiring of any three or more of the commit give security, fioners of the treafiury now being, or the high treasurer, or cow? mkffioBers of the WSafury for the time being, for duly answering and.paying.into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the publtsktiie, all thamopies which he or they have already received, byway of deposit, or otherwise, or shall hereafter receive,

" from1 time totitnc, ofor for the said sum of one million To a^-vantedand contributed, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust# berebyin him or them repos-o&tvand shall, fraoMimeto rime, so pay11 such monies as fast asfhoorthey shallreceWe the same, or any part thereof, or with- and to «w ia> five days afterwards.*! the farthest, and shall account for all overttwmo* itiontcs so advanced: or , paid to him pr them in his Majesty's n*«to theex-oorirt of Exchequer, accetriingto thedue xouriethcreof..'f

jioyi.f Jndwbertasaj fttbbea* prapffidytbatpuery cantrjbuUrta'tttij/bid Igtitrjjbauld be 'at-Ebirty t« subfoibefar any number astick-acslmJbesaid lottery, and thatiu case a larger sum than me millitn

fleatebtsubscribtdsvithm the tennheryip befare banned far Jncbjbb-

fttiptitu, spraparitanoblt -redufl 'umnpyu fetch excefsJbtulcL, as near a&pafibU, bt modelttt-cf (neb substribet's Jbare: aged whereas, in pur-lobucmtepf futb pnpffqlstanuuh largerfyn, than, ing pudien bath bam b T 3 / -

a; 8

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c.

[17 55;

subscribed: now to prevent any Aifpuui which may arise in respect4a the reduction in that case intended to be made out of eath subscriber?* Share; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thafc-it shall c mi tod. k*ful to and for the said cashier or cashiers t*cte-

termine the* tcr*Bine and appoint what number of tickets shall belong to the number of several subscribers, so as in making such reduction nof tnaAUm tickets be- be made of a ticket, and so as every person febferibing foe Sour longing to tickets, or any less number, be allowed one ticketonly*-and-fit) eac u ai as jt^lawful to the said cashier or cashiers to allow twotickets In what pro- to every subscriber for five, and three to every fiibferiber for ten* portions the in case it be found practicable to allow one ticket in foutftorevery redudlions are subscriber for sixteen, and upwards; and that so much of'every to fie mape. such <jCp0gt as shall exceed one fifth part of the sum to which the share of every such subscriber shall be so limited, (htU be allowed and accepted in further part of the remaining sum which shall, in consequenc* of such reduction be payable by every such subscriber.,

Managers and directors to be appointed by the trtafury. Books tt> be prepared with 3 columns, in each of which 50, 000 tickets to be ^rioted. Chances of the tickets in the books of two colamns, to be determined by drawing of the tickets in the books of three columns. Cashier to giye a ticket for every sum of 10I paid in Tickets undisposed of to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up. Other books to be prepared with two columns, in each of which 50, 000 tickets to be printed; 2, 150 thereof to be fortunate, viz. 1 of io, ooooU«of5, ooool. 3 of i, ooool. i5ofi, ooool. 20 of 500l. 99 of 100l. aoioof$o|. to the first drawn 500l. to the last 1000. amounting to 162, 900l. and 47.850 blank tickets at6l. each. Tickets in the outermost column!, tobb rolled up, and cut off into a box. Boxes with the tickets to be brought to Guild Hall on October 6, and the drawing /to be then begun. (Tido-ets to be filed as drawn. Prizes to be entered ip a book. When the lottery is drawn, a list of the prizes to be printed. Disputes to be determined by the managers. Counterfeiting of tickets, certificates, of the numbers of them, shall be adjudged felony. Receivers may take rabney, and give receipts, before they receive the books, and give tickets for those receipts afterwards. Adventurer not paying his whole considerattpn-mq-ney by the times limited, shall lofethe advanced money. Guardians may adventure infants money in the lottery. Personi felling shares in tickets of which they are not poflefM, to forfeit 500l. After the drawing, of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Accomptint general to give credit for the sums named in the certificates; which may be transferred, and carry 3 per cent intcrelt.

XXVI. And for the more easy and sure payment of the several and respfcdive annuities payable after the rate of three pounds pereentum per annum, on the said principal sum of nine hundred thousand pounds, part of the said principal sum of one million; it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ib The Sinking much of the monies arising, from time to time, into the receipt priatedPto°r the exchequer, of or for the said surplusses, excesses, overplus

payment of monies, and other revenues, compofidg thefund commonly called the annuities. Thefinking fundy by this act appropriated for this purpose, as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to answer the said several annuities, and other payments directed to be paid or discharged oof of the same, shall, by order of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or iqore of them now being, or stho, High

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. " 15. 279

treasurer, or of of the treasury of his Majesty, his heirs^f fi^ccflors^for rtie time being, without any further or Other wtttatt toKbe feed for, had or obtained in that behalf, frdmtkm to time, 'art the respective half-yearly days of payment M.c Jttthte act before 'Appointed for payment thereof, be issued and ^ment paiifat the find receipt of exchequer, to the said chief cashier or thereof to be cafhfers of the A governor and company of the bank of Eng- issued from kriij and their fecceflors for the time being, by way of imprest exchequer and upon account, for the payment of the said several anmiities ^, m" payable Itt ifcfjpfcdl of the said principal sum of nine hundred F9thotrfand pouftdfc, 'part of the said principal sum of one million, at such times, atuHrt such* manner and form, as are by this act preffcribesd in that behalf; and that such cashier or caftiiers, to whom the said monies (hill from time to time be issued, shall frotfitime to time without delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their account thereof according to the due course of the exchequer \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said ac>Accom tant comptant general for the time being, shall, from time to time, genera^to^in-inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cash-speftthe easier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating the reunto, in order to ier's receipts, prevent any fraud, negligence or delay; and that all and every person and persons whatsoever, who shall be intitled to any of the said several and respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and all persons lawfully claiming uoderthetn, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, and tjiefame shall not be descendible to the heir, and shall not teape^iMd bc liaSlfc? to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or eftite, &c. otherwise j any law, Statute, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Not to be said/That no part of the said annuities shall be charged or chargeable with any rates, taxes, duties, or impositions what- Uxes> c# soever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The monies That all the monies to which any perfori or persons fhafi be- contributed to come intitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum ad- be deemed* vanced or contributed towards the said sum of one million, on i?int stock> which the said annuities, after the rate of three poundspercen- c* turn per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint ftbek of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of three' pounds per centum per annum, were by an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, converted, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject rnevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and Upon such notice, as is in the said act directed in respect of the federal and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act y and that all and every person and persons, and # coronations whatsoeve^, in proportion to the money to which*T 4 he,

and to be transferable.

a$o Awo [17

he, she or they shall become intitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act!, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint dock of annuities at the rate aforesaid; and that such interest and share, and the proportional annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferable as this act! directs, and not otherwise $ and that there shall constantly be kept at all seasonable times, in the office of the said accomptant general for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books wherein all assignments or transfers of the said interest and share, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the same, at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alCgntnents or transfers; or if such parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the person or persons to whom such transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning or transferring the said share and interest, or any part thereof, and the annuities attending the same, shall be good or available in law.

XXX. Provided always, That any person or persons possessed of such share and interest, with the annuity or annuities attending the same, or any estate therein, may devise the same by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made on any such devise, till so much of the said will as relates to the said (lock or annuity be entered in the said office', and in default of such transferor devise, the said stock and annuities attending the same, shall go to the executors or administrators; and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers; or any of them; any other laworstatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company, and

redempnon of ^heir successors (notwithstanding the redemption of all or any the annuities, their own funds in pursuance of the said acts for establishing the same, (or any of them) shall continue a corporation, with all the powers, privileges and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purposes in this act! expressed, till all the said annuities payable by virtue of this act! shall be redeemed by parliament, in manner herein before mentioned; and that the said governor and company, or any members thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing ifl pursuance of this act!.

Commission-

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authori-ersotthe trea- fy aforesaid, That the of of the treasury, or any

th7ch°arees of or mor t^cm now bc*ng» or the high treasurer, executinjLthis or any three or more of the commissioner6 of the treasury act, out olf for the time beings (frill have power, and they are hereby audit dutite, jhorized,

Annuities devisable by will, &c.

The Bank to

continue a company till

75£.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 15. asti

thorized, out ofi^hedaid forpUifies, vcceffes, overplus monies, and otter revenues composing-the fund, comtnordy called Tbt Sinking And, to>discharge*U faefcindent charges as shall n*-

cefl#ril« attend tfce execution of this act, in such manner as. to thorn Wall Item just aid reefeaabjpi and atfo to settle aid ap- aD<} tpp0; nt point inch allowances /out of the contributions to the lottery fabricslor aforesaid) as they shall mink, just and reasonable, for the service, thecaOuers painty and labour of the said ca/hier or cashiers, for receivingind othCf ° and accounting for the contributions to the said lottery; and al- cm* so such farther allowances as they shall think just and reasonable, for the Jservice, pains, and labour of the ca/hier or ca/hiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the several and respedjve annuities jpyable by virtue of this act j and also for the service, painty and labour of the accomptant general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and trust incumbent oa bhn by this act; all which allowances hereby unpowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and qompar ny, and at their disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mo r f That no foe or gratuity shall be demanded or taken of any of his m«nt of eon. Majesty's fiibjcds, for receiving or paying the said contribution- tribotion mo-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or receipts concern- ne7* sng the same, or for issuing the monies for paving the said fevers! annuities, or any of them, or for paying the said annuities; or any of them j and that no fee or gratuity shall be demahded Transfer* to or taken for any transfer, great or /mall, to be made in purfu- made gratis. anc« of this act, upon pain that the officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any such fee or gratuity contrary to £his ad; shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to the party

Sieyed, to be recovered with full costs of suit, in any of his Peni, t5r* Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

[Treble costs.]

XXXIV. And it is hereby enadeu by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or person shall at any time be sued or prosecuted, for any thing by^im or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general if- General issue. sue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence, and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiffor plaintiffs /had discontinue his or their action, or be nposuited, or judgmeot shall be given against him or them upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

*82. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. £7. [1755.

CAP. XVI.

An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

FOR the better fufply of mariners and seamen to serve in hit % f<?- jesty s ships of war, and on board mere ban t]hips9 and other trad-..in* ships and vessels: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament Merchant assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and ships may be after the passing of this act, until the twenty fifth" day of Marfi navigated by one thousand seven hundred ancf fi(ty fix, and no longerJfoijcppt men^11 fCa* in respect to such merchant ships, and other trading mipjL^r m n* vefleis, which shall be on their voyage beforp the said Jtwenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and.fifty who shall be and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home, navigated in the manner as herein after i& provided; it shall and may be lawful for any merchant ship^ojr (o as the ntim- other trading ship or vessel, to be navigated by foreign Seamen ber employed or mariners, not being natives of Great BritainJ ox of any of1?he colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty^s

natural or naturalized subjects, so as the number of fucp foreign ciwTand the teamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariner^ otherfourth, at any one time employed to navigate such merchant Chip, of be always na- other trading ship or vessel; and that one fourth at leaftpf the Brf4in Great mar*ners orfeamen so employed be at all times natives, of his Death, andca- Majesty's naturalized subjects of Great Britain (fudtjen death* fdalties of and hazard and casualties of war and the Teas saved and except-war and ftas ecj) one act Of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign j2CCar?2.* his late majesty, King Charles the Second, intituled, An act c. 18.*fir the encouraging and intrcafmgof flipping and navigation, pr any!

other Statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proclama-

II. Provided always, That nothing in this ai5t contained majl tiens not af- extend to take away or restrain the effect of any such royal pro-! f^ted by this clamation as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceuors, are impow- ered to make by virtue of an act passed in' the^hirteenth year of

ijGw.i. c. 1. his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better supply of mq-3' riners andfeamen to serve in his Majestfs ships of war? and onboard merchant flips, and other trading ships, andprivateerU

CAP. XVII.

An act to amend an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto.

WHEREAS an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the amendment ?pd preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 17. 283

this kingdom; and for thetnose effectual execution of the laws relating thereto, hath not anfivered the good turf ofet intended there-bfy belt ent^ed b^ the Kihgfs most Excellent majesty, by and with the>adrk^anAconftnt of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present pirhament assembled and by the authority of the same, That for three years, to be computed, Carriages from the twenty fourth day of "June in the year one thousandwitli wheels9seven hundred and fifty five, and no longer, it shall and mayn^hes be lawful for all waggons, wains, carts and carriages, for all from ^payment goods and merchandize, either loaden or unloaden, having the of toll for 3 fellies of the wheels thereof of nine inches from side to side, at years, the lead, to pass through all and every turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, without paying of any toll or duty payable by Virtue of any act or acts of parliament, for the said space of three years, to be computed from the said twenty fourth day of June.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ThatWa, jns from and after the said twenty fourth day of June it shall and with wheels 6 may be lawful for all waggons, having the fellies of the wheels inches broad thereof of the breadth or gauge of six inches from side to side, drawn at the lead, at the folc or bottom of the wheel, to pass through1^ or

all and every turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, with fix horses; and all carts and other carriages, having the fellies thereofan<j of the breadth or gauge of six inches from side to side, at the* horses j and lead, at the foie or bottom of the wheel, with four horses; pay reduced without paying any more toll or duty than is paid for waggonstolls* now drawn by four, and carts drawn by three horses, or for the horses drawing the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Trustees may

That for three years, to be computed nrora the said twenty fourth raise the tolls day of June, and no longer, the trustees appointed or to beap-olfc fourth on pointed by virtue or under the authority of any act or acts of parliament made or to be made, or any five or more of them, whetls.

shall and may demand and take, or cause to be demanded and

taken, an additional toll, if they shall find the same necessary upon considering the date of their respective tolls, not exceeding one fourth part more than the tolls and duties payable by virtue of such acts respectively for every coach* caravan, chaise marine, landau, berlin, chariot, chaise, chair and calaflT* and for all waggons, wains, carts and other carriages, not having the fellies of their wheels of the breadth or gauge of nine inches, or six inches from side to side, before the same shall respectively be permitted to pass through any of the toll gates where toils are payable by virtue of any of the said suds respectively, to be applied to the same uses as the other tolls are by the said a<ds,

IV. And, to avoid the lead suspicion that lessening the tolIsFor benefit of and duties as aforesaid, may be any way prejudicial to creditors creditors on who have lent, or shall lend their money upon the security of S tolls* th* the tolls, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That alL and ^Uto^con-every ad and acts of parliament made this session of parliament, tinued for 5 "

heretofore made, for repairing and amending turnpike roads, years from

dial}

their respective acfira-

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 17. {[1755.

ihaUi be conti taded*hd beimfuH fotWfer.-frto'(yeaa»*faitia toa-.puled from thefcMerolsndssndjespirattcatsafiJlaiiidto^ifnto oft and Sla rafpeftwclyv addotu ojta&! to -thnanHsiand dmfea» and ^11 the penalties, forfeitures* tmandksic^cmerepdatuhttguias, -dauses, rule*, diretftiongtpayDfsate andtprowfioor.rgfpa&vcJy

made and enacted byapy of thesaida«9: w (pariinihenr V, " < Jiow or heretofore made for repairing, and amendingSurqpdtt

reads. .'uu o

V. And whereas a dtabtlm

weeds af the said recited ail, made in the iWtnty sixth starif, tkt reign of his prefmt Ahfejty, which derttis t!)* /elites ef <tbd whorls af every waggon, wain, cart or tftbrbrxaekb.f or gauge of teiesd inches from side to side, at the lufi tie il tfadar-MUasintend- oi'by the authority aforesaid, Tint it is true ifatentand mettled by the re^ ing of this and the bid reeked act; that, the Mow |mtitnof.ekedea tobe such fellies shall be of the breadth or gauge of nine iocbcsfirom

inches broad* and

flat.

Trustees to

side to side, sLtheleast, and tfet the fafaor bottom of: aH fisoh feUies shall be flab and eyen. from side totfidevanaaraar ah easy be.

VI. And be it further enacted by tlw authority t/carria5d, Thnt the trustws appointed by or under the wUfaontyofi any ad ef tn°r!i If irfHill*P«hament. made or to be made for repairing, afldca'neridiflg M pbf into 'tumpHce roads, or any five of them shall from time, tacrine, good con- as there, shall booccasion, eause all the turnpike toadaimiflltn Uition.'their tefpeiftive distridU, tobe levelled and pat into goodfcooch-tien^n such manoer asfhaii bemost commodious for theufodf m-veliers, and forthcseveral forts of carriages pafiingsipaathe same.

VII. And be it farther toadied by the authorntv afatoetod, onpersonj That if any personiorpersons shall onload, or uanfc to beun-occasionaily loaden, any goods, wares or merchandize* front, Iny cart, waggenor other carriage, to or twfioretitofantoikalbamMqto any turnpike cate* with an intern to avoid the payasestt of any part of thd tcdls or duties to he thereat colk&ed«<bachrand every iperfdn being owner of such waggon or carriage, anti being thereof convicted before thn teuftces offoch tells hr duties* or hay three or more of them^ or one oraoner jetiice ocjfcfaensof the peaca far the county, 'riding, dtvifion or placsfwherbtheofi-fanceftulb beicomromed, upon the oath or tmerorrmotB are^i-hle tritneis orwhnties; whichoathtbclaidtrulka*to any^throe -nr macnof thee*, or the tod justice orjusticed,; aretieneby ifit--powered to adminhtay ftullforfwt and pay >the (urn five to be levied po*»ds<f which futiv m case thefeme tie nor fortbvrkh'psfid, by distrei* and shall be kviedibyidiftrefs and toe of the ogender's good stand

unloading waggon, to narajii pat-: of the

toll*,

sale 5

and the

driver to be committed.

chattels, by warrant trader the handandfeal, or hendnsnd (sals

of the said trustees, or any three or more of them, or the said justice or justices, rendering the Overplus so the owner ( if any be) on demand, aftertladuding the seasonable chargesoftnah-inff fitch distrefr and sale,; ta be settled by tfueh tenftees^wrany thuet or more; of them, or by; the said- justictro* jwftiees; and each and every driver of fitch (waggon osxsrriage, 'to oflnnding, 6 and

*755-! Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. «4ri). gf5

d1xwg'UMf«Qf «niEM ak iafomlaki, JhBffbecotwnht^ to the hpufe><ff'OOWe&io»farth*f|iam of »heine(tth; and in cxk cdhQot -aoy cdtie&*<or>ivcewi9-<wtf thetofasorffuaes; »t'any gate or prnnitti* tUVftpikfe'VShaeemaiear to which aoy-cmAe^ machine or engine, narrow wheel. foC'Weighing'Of carrobe*, (had be<bud« nr ecedfod, shall permit ed carriage* bcfuffersiny cert* waggon oroarrwge, not having the iellks: of Sirntt?1 thoirwheefenf the breadth or gauge of nine inches from lide to^side, to pais or repass through any such gate or turnpike, without weighing the same, and being thereof cortv«3ed, ur manner afonssaid, suchcollt&or or receiverfo offending, shall be committed to the house of cocre&iOny to be there kept to hard labour for the tpace of one month.

VIII. And be it fucthtr enacted by theasthority aforesaid, Waggons That from and after the find twenty fourth day of June, ail ^jjk*1*? 'waggofls, v»auu, or other four svbeebcarriagds, not bang com- Koing % m«en moti fthge waggons or carriage*, {though ftseffsllies! of the wheels na^iiniu11 — -are oot of- the breadth of naaei inches or fix inohes) may maybsdiwra tsave), p aft) or be driven upon any turnpike road* wkh>any aetn* byfitabarfes s her of horses, or beasts of draught, not exceeding five bodies oe bead* of draughtj and H any comer or driver of any such waggon, wain or Other four wheel carriage, shall tzovci, yah

nrfdriver atsy-such waggon ctroiber fomr wherl 'Carriage,; with > J more than five horses or beasts of draught, every inch ownec so if dnvm oftbnding/shall for every such offence forfeit and pay theffttm of more, tv for* five pounds; which Taut penalty shall be recovered and levied feit Slv by distress and side of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hands and fads of the trustees, or aarchme or more of them, of such didridk, or any one ot more justiceer justicos-of the peace, in or near to the place or places where the offence shall be committed*or by action of debt, bill, plaint or inforaumon, in any of his Majesty's courts of record of Westminster

where no efibm, paatedbon^ o» wager of Law, or itneroi than oneim parlance shall be allowed y and in case and the any driver Of any waggon, wain or other carriage atorelard, shall fitted.* a&contrery<toche troe intent and meaning hereof, such justice Or j offices dull by warrant or warrants, under has or their hands and feats, commit such driver to the house of correction for the space of one month, there to remain without bail or mainprise.

IX. And, whereas by the bid etQpoffed twenty sixth year

ef his presentASajesty'srtigB, h is prirudedy That waggons, wains, tarts, or ether wheel carnages (mi bavingibe fetiies wheels

of the breadth trgaagt ef aim; inches from tefide) travel,

pafsrerhe drawn,tipon any iurripHe road, provided such waggon^.izu/0* cart or other wheel carriage be drawn by oxen or neat cattle only: and whereas the allowancesfoxen or neat cattle only, without an horfoor horses, hath been found incojsveaient and dangerous: be Waggons, &c. it therefore enacted* The* aiVjrwaggor^ waia or other font wheel with narrow carriages* not haiiingrtbe.fellies* of theis wheels of the breadth whecU maX. m gauge of nine inches frombit to side* may travel, pafa or be any l^rnpikr roady provided eftry such waggon,

wain

286

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. <v i f.

[1755.

drawn by 6 Wam 01 f°ttr ^hcd-carriage* Wnot drawn'by mm* than oxen in pairs, fix oxen or neat cattle in fairs^ and two horses, fir eiglttottentn and % horses, pairs, wkhonci horse; and that mf ctttbf Olh&^WOwhee! or s oxen and ^fringe, not having, the follies of thew wharfs tifeflbffcadt!i 1l0rfc 5'or gauge aforesaid, may travel, pase or ^dfawft^ ti^n stich and carts by turnpike road, provided Jifldi cart or tw<x>wheel carHf*gfcl>e not 6 oxen and i drawn by more than fix oxen or near cattleki ptfiHi ^nd^one horse, or 4. horse 5 or four oxen in pairs, and two horses* any thiftg'in the horfo.* to contralT notwithstanding.

X. And whereas doubts may srife from themftru^idnAf dhters alls of parliament, when the toll or duty if made pdy&bk^vpOn the horse or other beajl drawings and not upon 4be catrt#ge 'itfelfir b& it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tharfof all such tokfy the

The horses, horses or beasts drawing such carriage, ufirtgfifehbrdtiSwftefcteoiaws w?rh as are by the said act made in the twenty

broad wheels the reign of his present Majesty; and by this? pteferi^a&y<WH exempted for the space of three years, to be computeds aforesaid, hfe iri from toll for titled to such exemption from the payrndtit^of ahy6HrdHhrty 3 year*. payable by virtue of any former act ora&sef^parliitfoent; a^l!

carriages using broad wheels are intitled unto by Virtue of this pvefenta&;

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Where the That in all cases where by virtue of any a# or acks*of parfia-tolls do not meat now in force, the^oll or doty on horse or Other beasts, more than dewing or passing through any turnpike bar or gate, dhtfr not one halfpenny amount to more than the sum of one halfpenny for every hotfe on each drawing any wheel carriage whatsoever, not having the ftllfes of horsedrawing, their wheels of the breadth or gauge of nine inches, o? six inches ftees^f nT from side to side, or to morse than one penny for twohbrfes dra<*- ceflary may ing any such carriages as aforefeki, or to more thad tlifoe hrifl-take addition- pence, for three horses drawing any such carriages asofordWd^ the al tolls. trustoes, orany five or more of them, appointed by virtue dtunder

the authority of such n5bs of parliament, shall*nd may If thdy fffldl find the same necessary* upon considering the state of their spective tolls, collect double the former foils drduties J*to1cafe such tolls.or duties do not exceed one halfpenny, ants^tlifCe half pence in case the same do not exceed- one penny, and two pence in case the same do not exceed ttyreehalf pefcce, and toay coUeCl the additional tolls or duties which are directed to betaken by this act, in cases where the present toH or duty amoofcfs to two pence or moreupon the horses drawing any cattnige; itVftJch1 and the same manner as if such toll or d*tyw*9 laid upon rfiC carriage; any thing herein or in any former adfc contained*to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And whereat complaint has torn made that fraudulent Contrivances have been pra&tjfed by offenders, their friends, And otherr; to evade the just recovery of forfeitures and penalties instifTed by tto laws relating, to turnpike roads, by setting up (ofoarabfc prffeeutiM and seizures.with intent 10 favour offenders agdififl the said Jatrit, and to difrourage \just and real prosecutms^i&t remedy whereof,

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 17. 287

be it by, schk authority aforesaid^Thit ft ihaH arrd may PrI?r PrQk-1

be\]awful for all coftitsj and all and every justice or justrees ffrepe^btfors whom there ftisfH be^ny adibnvinfohnfitionorfavto proocediqgj penalty or forfeiture inflicted by anyaCVor ers deemed

a^of pai#attxem.made pr tobettiade for repairing and amend- fraudulent ing jturnpifce roadrf, or any' wayj^htoijg* to or concerning ^he^-b^exa iappe j gnd ttu# are hereby required, where any prior feiztrre, mined, action, insprpakioa oc convi<flion, shall be set up, or infiflred.

upon, by way of defence, or to defeat any action^ information or proceeding, or any seizure for any forfeiture t>r penalty inflicted as aforesaid, to examine into the real merits of such prior

fei^pre, action, information, proceeding or conviction; and if t^reupon it fhaM appear that the same was not done, made or procured effectgally, 1 to recover and apply the penalty or for- n

spiture for the tri^e and real ends and purposes for which such p^lties> cjf forfeitures; were enacted, huttaf^your the offend- er,: f^h, {>tW seizure, aCHon, information or Conviction, (half be de^qd to he fraudulent, and nult and void, td all intents* and pufppfts whatfOever; and every such court, justice or ju- Judgment to ftices^of the peace, shall proceed to determine and give yudg- no ^iich* foment, as if no such prior seizure, action, information or CPrt-2ure ^ad been. viction, had been made, had, prosecuted or* obtained.

XIII. And whereas great mfchies; hath arisen from 'mean 'ptr-fm 0ing 0s I rupees in the execution of such h£ts of parliament toad*'u p

for repairing publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as do not direct and require that the irufiees thereby appoints# fall he , <qualified to act as such by the possession of real or personal estate' tq4 certain valuer be it therefore enacted by the authority afore-faifj. That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June', rro.General quail-pepfon iji^U be qualified, or capable of acting as a trustee in the ^ca«Ion execution of any such ad as aforesaid, unless he shall be inlwsftIU ecs* owu.right, or in right of his wife, in the actual possession orr receipt eft, the rents and profits of lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds, or possessed of,or intitled to, personal estate alone, or real and peffonal estate together, to the value of eight, hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person possessed of an estate in land of the clear*yearly value of eighty pounds, and unless he shall (not being such Jieir apparent as aforesaid) before he acts as such twftee, tafce and subscribe the oath following before any two of more of thp trustees appointed or to be appointed by or in pursuance of such act, wfio are hereby authorized and required to administer to be attested the fonoe in the words, or to the effect following, that is to say^ on oath.

I A.B. do swear, lhat I truly and bona fide am in my otan ri$ty or in right of my wife, in the atfual possession and enjoyment^ or receipt of the rents and profit s'of lands, tenements or hereditaments Of the clearly value of forty pounds, orpossessed of, or intitled to a personal estate alone, or real and personal estate together, to tbs value of eight hundred pounds. So help me GOD, '

aS8

Penalty of adilijif not quaisted, 50L

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 17. [1755.

And if any person shall presume to ad contrary to the true ifitewt and meaning hereof, every such per ion shall, for every tuch of* fence, forfeit and pay the turn of fifty pounds to any person wfco shall sue for the uune 5 to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster* by action of debt, or on the case, or by bill, suit or information, wherein no efiom, protection or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, mall be allowed.

The words

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, common stage That every owner or owners of any common stage waggon or SgEtf cart, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, having the painted on fellies of the wheels ofless breadth and gauge than nine indies, such carriages or six inches, from side to side, shall, over and above what he withnarrow or they is Or are obliged by law to write or paint, or cade to be wnecU* written or painted, upon his or their waggon or cart, paint or cause to be painted, upon the tilt of every such waggon or cart which has a tilt, and upon the most conspicuous part of such waggon or cart which has not a tilt, the following words in large and legible characters; that is to fey, COMMON STAGE WAGGON, or CART, as the case may be; and if any owner or owners of any such waggon or cart shall, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June* travel with or use by himself or servant, any such waggon or cart, without Penalty, and the words hereby required to be painted a&aforesaid, he shall forfeit and Iofe one of the horses or beasts of draught (not being coed tdcrwn. fhafc or thm horse) together with all the geers and accoutrements to such horse or bead of draught belonging, to the sole use and benefit of the person or persons who (half seize or didmin the same; and the person or persons making such seizure or 4i-dress, shall proceed in like manner, and be intitled to the like remedy, as is directed and given in cases of ferzures of horses by the said act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

XV. And whereas many persons are deterred from prosecuting offences committed against the several turnpike laws* and it is inconvenient to others being upon journies* or engaged on necessary bufinest* to prosecute the same as the law now Jlanis: and whereas many laws have been made for and relating to turnpike roads since the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty and more acts $f the same kind are likely to be made; be it enacted by the authority a-Method of foresaid, That every prosecutor or informer may at his election prosecution sue for and recover any forfeiture or penalty imposed by this or SSST^miy act or acts of parliament made or to be made for eroding Such are pc. turnpikes for repairing and amending turnpike roads, or by any cunisryt other act or acts of parliament relating to turnpike roads, in the same manner as such forfeitures and penalties are severally and respectively directed to be sued for and recovered, or by adkm at law, to be brought by such informer or prosecutor in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster in manner following (that is to say) where any person shall be liable to any such pecuniary penalty, it shall be lawful to sue for and recover the same

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 18. 289

same by adlioaoC $kbty in Avivich itrXl^ll b& sufficient to declare tba| ijie d^forgUnt; i$ iudebssed to i^plaiptiff in the sum, of

vise:*

bein^ fqrfailed by.ary a<$L. intitule* An dfi to amend an act made in the\ jfatkj&ir of the reign of his present Majesty> inti-

ty/l$4* Aj> <i£b for ifi$.amendment anj preservation of the pub-hck highways jpiiiurnpiIce roads*ofmis kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating the reto: and where and of such tjhe or faall he. of-any horse or bead of where the

draught or other goods, by ana&ionof trover against the per- b°r; fc.* &c*fofUiable to.foci* penalty, in which the value of any such horse, of, draught, or other goods, as is or are liable to the for-.ieitiy^e* shall bq ^ven in damages, without any proof of any ^igu^ pr demand^.

jSCVj. Provided, That there shall not be more than one re- Limitation of coyery^ipr the same offence duly and bona fide, and without actions.

ad and obtained for the same j.arjd that no aftioa shall hi by virtue of this act, in any of his Majesty's said oecojd, unfefs the lame be brought before the end of aths^after the oiffence conlmitted.

And, to enforce further a due observation of this and Surveyor, recited act, be it enacted by the authority aforesaidi collectors, &c. Tbftt^very surveyor of any turnpike road, and every Joll-ga- j^efoingr*° tetter, and all such persons employed by of and ryiw&s" appointed for the repairing roads, as receive falariei or to give in- of.r^ards, who faaffwilfully neglect to seize any supernumerary formation, /* bgrfeor horses drawing in any waggon, wain or cart, contrary ^q4bo tfue intent and meaning of this and the said recited aift

(ui-shall also wilfully neglect to lay such information upon oatht one or more of fiis Majesty's justices of the peace for the cp^nty wherein such offence was committed, or before the proper commissioners or trustees at their respective meetings, as by the said recited act is directed, shall, upon due information made Hpqp qath before, one or more of his Majesty's judices of the p^cefor the said county or pface, forfeit the sum of ten pobrids; forfcjt , 01, £ fivernpunds thereof to be paid to the informer, and the remarh- to theinforra-ijjg tive pounds to be laid out in amending the roads, in*such , &c. ^anUer as. the commissioners and trustees for such respectivo lurnpikes.shall think fit.

XYlit. Provided, That no such surveyor, or other person, Officers. &c. foail he liable to thedaid penalty for any such wilful neglectcom- no*|aWe for mi|ted before foe said twenty fourth day of June one foobferitl fftven hundred and fifty five.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to continue several laws relating to the distemper now raging among the horned cattle in this kingdom.

jljhy, several laws made to prevent the Kpreading of the distempfr amongst foe hbrped cattle, furtlifcr continued to 1 Sept? 1755. &c. 1

U:

*9© Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 19. [1755.

CAP. XIX.

An act for making perpetual an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing the fts and robberies, and for regulating places of publick entertainment, and punishing persons keeping disorderly houses; for the further punishing persons selling ale or other liquors without licence; for the preventing the burning or destroying of goss, furze, or fern, in forests or chaces; for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices, and for the filing of affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

Act5 Geo. 2.117

WHEREAS an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign C* ^Dctua?* Pr'f*»t' Majesty, intituled, An act for the better pre-

perpetual. venting the fts and robberies, and for regulating places of publick entertainment, and punishing persons keeping disorderly houses, which was to continue in force until the expiration of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, has by experience been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mo ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual. i6 Geo. 2. c. 3l.

II. And whereas doubts have arisen upon the construction of an

of parliament passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating the mapner of II-cenfing ale-houses, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for the more easy convicting persons felling ale and other liquors without licence, whether a person having been (onvifted of three several offences in felling ale, beer or other liquors, without a licence from two Justices of the peace, as by the said act is firested, is liable to any punishment for any such offence, of which he may be guilty after such third conviction, be it further enacted by the au-Offender*, thority aforesaid, That every person so felling without a licence

after third as aforesaid, after such third conviction, shall, for every such

conviction, to offence, so often as it shall happen, forfeit the sum of six pounds, era ^oftince to ^ev*e(I anc* disposed of in like manner as the forfeitures on y*the first, fccorid and third conviction are directed to be, in and by the said act; and in case no Sufficient distress shall be found, whereon to levy the said Several forfeitures, then the justice of the peace who shall have convicted such offender, shall and may commit him or her so convicted to the common gaol, or other prison or houfie of correction within his jurisdiction, without bail or mainprize, until such offender shall be discharged by order of the court of general or quarter sessions,

2£f

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. x$.

III. Whereas the burning and destroying of gofsy furze and fern, in and upon for efts and chacts, as it is frequently done by divers disorderly and disjoiute persons, doth not only destroy the cover necessary for the preservation of the deer and game there, but hath also been the occasion of burnings damaging and destroying of great quantities of timber, young Jprings of wood and underwood and fences y within the said forests and chaces, and places thereunto adjacent, to the great damage and prejudice of the owners and proprietors thereof; and the laws now in being are not sufficient to prevent the same \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons con-persons not having a right or legal licence to do the same, shall vifted of set-at any time after the first day of August one thousand seven hun- to

dred and fifty five, set fire to, burn or destroy, or shall abet, aid or assist in, or at the burning or destroying of any gofs, furze in chaces or or fern, growing or being in or upon any forest or chace, with- forests, in that part of Great Britain called England, without the licence or consent of the owner or proprietor, or the person chiefly intruded with the care, oversight, and custody of such forest or chace, or same part thereof, and being brought before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding: , division or place, where such forest or chace shall lie, and mail be thereof convicted by confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer) or upon the view of such justice or justices, every such person or persons be- to forfeit not ing so convicted, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay anythan sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, ^more one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to 5 the use of the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed 5 which penalty, in case the same be not forthwith paid,

shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the offender's to be levied goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hand and by distress seal or hands and seals of such justice or justices; and in case an<* sale, See. no sufficient distress can be found, then it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place where such offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month.

IV. And, for the relief of any person or persons, who, through neglect or inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several rates and duties, or any part thereof, upon monies given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or in relation to any clerk, apprentice or forvant, who hath been put or placed to or with any master or Iniftrefs to learn any profession, trade or employment, and to have such indentures, or other writings which contain the covenants, articles, contracts or agreements, relating to the service of such clerk, apprentice or servant, stamped within the times by the several acts of parliament for those purposes respectively limited, or who have also in like manner omitted to insert and write, in words at lengtji, in such indentures or other writings as aforesaid, the full sum or sums of money, or any part thereof,

2Q2

Further time allowed for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for clerks and apprentices.

Further time allowed for filing of affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 19. [1755.

received or in any wise directty of indirectly given, paid, os agreed or contracted for, with or in relation to every such clerk, apprentice or servant as, afforesaid/be it enacted, That upon payment of the rates.aitaiduties upon of such monies, so neglededor omitteefta bp paid act of^laid, on or before the first day of August one thousand, seven hundred* and fifty five, to such person or persons to whom the same opght to be paid, and tendering the said indentures of other writings to be damped at the same time, or at any timefbn of bfcfore* the twenty ninth day of September one thousand' favfch hliftdretf and fifty five (of which timely notice is to be given Gazette) the same indentures or other writing? shall be good and available in law and equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatsoever; and the clerk, apprentice or, servant therein named, shall be capable of following and exerdjSng: their respective intended trades, or employments, as fully as if the rates and duties fa emitted had been duly pajd, and thefull foo* or sums received or agreed for as aforesaid hid, been mfccte44 and the persons who have incurred any penalties by the om&icm aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from tfiq feiji penalties; any thing in the said former a d$ to the contra rymtt^ withstanding.

V. And whereas divers persons through mi/taje, obfence*, or same unavoidable accident^ to the prejudice of infantsy and others^ bay* omitted to cause affidavits to bei; made and filed in the properqffUeb of the actual exaution of several contra fts in writing tofirve as dirks U attornies and solicitors, within the time limited andexprejftdJfy<er- tain acts passed in the twenty second and twenty fourth yearj present Majesty's reign, whereby many persons may be, m da^ger ^f incurring the disabilities in the said act of the twenty fccondyeaefif his present Majesty's reign specified $ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and p?rlon?>v?bQ have omitted to cause such affidavit or affidavits to ta madeand filed as aforesaid, and who shall, on or before the first day Term next, cause one or more affidavit or affidatftrtofjt>?^?Ff£i and filed in such manner as directed by the iaid laibrecited/a^s^ or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freest pd discharged from and against all penalties, forfeitures, \qc^p % dh ties and disabilities in the said act of the twenty iecond yefir of his present Majesty's reign mentioned, incurred or to be tnc* red, for or by reason of any neglect or omission in caufiugiuebr affidavit or affidavits so to be made and filed as aforefiudr' according to the directions of the said last recited acts, or esther of them y and such affidavit or affidavits (b to be m^de and tffled as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all jpteota ?nd purposes* $ysz if the same had been made and filed within, the n^ veprpi^t limited by the said several last recited acts, qr them-

nx?

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 20. 293

CAP. XX.

An act for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several acts of parliament made for the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's subjects; and to authorize the payment of the bounty to Thomas Hood and others, upon three ships fitted out for the said fishery, and lost in the Greenland Seas.

WHEREAS divers acts of parliament have been made for the encouragement of his Majesty's subjects'to carry on and improve the whale fishery, which by the bounties given by the said acts has of late years gradually increased, and by the continuance thereof will still further increase, to the great advantage of the trade and navigation of this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, in- s Geo. s.c.a*. tituled, An act for encouraging the Greenland fishery, which was to be in force for nine years, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirty one, and which ad by an act of parliament made in the thirteenth year of his ij Geo. *.c.aS. present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for continuing several laws therein mentioned, relating to the premiums upon the importation of masts, yards and bowsprits, tar, pitch and turpentine; to British made sail cloth, and the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; m to the Greenland and to the whale fishery; for granting a further bounty for all ships employed in the whale fishery during the present war; for exempting harpooneers and others employed in the Greenland fishery trade, from being impressed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrafts of clerks and apprentices, was continued unto the twenty fifth dafvi December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence" to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which ad, by an act of parliament made in the twenty fe- nGco.i. c. 45. cond year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fifiery^and for continuing such laws as are therein mentioned, relating thereto; and for the naturalization of such foreign protestants as shall serve for the time therein mentioned, on board such ships as shall be fitted out for the said fishery, was further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament;

shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, from the further cond-time in the said last mentioned act limited for the expiration nued to 15 thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December which shall beD€C, 1764* in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign,

continued to5 Dec. 1764, kc.

294. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 20. [1755.

6 Geo. ». c/33.

intituled, An act for the further encouragement of the whale fishery, carried on by his Majesty's British subjects \ which was to be in force during the continuance of the last mentioned act of the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for encour ging the Greenland fishery \ and which was by the said act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign continued % ito the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which act was by the said act of the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign continued unto the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, from the time in the said last mentioned act limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. n Geo. i c Ar HI- And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the continued to kid act of the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign,5 Dec. 176*. intituled, An act for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fishery, and for continuing such laws as are therein mentioned, relating thereto \ and for the naturalization of such foreign proleftantS) as shall serve for the time therein mentioned, on board such ships as shall be fitted out for the said fishery^ which was to be in force from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, until the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued, from the time therein limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the re0>e^ive receivers general of the customs, in case the monies iTthe old sub- remaining in their hands arising from the old subsidy, shall not fidy be not be sufficient to satisfy the said bounty of forty shillings per ton, sufficient. payable on all ships employed in the said fishery, according to the directions of the said several acts, and of this present act, to pay the same out of any monies that shall be in their hands arising from any of the duties and revenues- under their management respectively.

Anappren-

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-tier, for every foresaid, That every ship which shall be employed in the said 5° k? fishery, shall, from and after the twenty fifth day of December in

Slip, Scc.WCh year one ^oufand seven hundred and fifty seven, have on

# board an apprentice indentured for the space of three years at

the least, for every fifty tons burthen, who shall be accounted as one of the number of men which by law ought to be on board such ship; and in case any ship shall proceed on the whale fishery, without conforming to the above regulation, the owner % or

Tonnage bounty to be paid out of any other of the revenues.

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 2a. 95

or owners of every ship so offending, shall lose the bounty which wouht otherwise be payable thereon.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore- No larger said, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December in the year oof thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no flitp to oi^o? be employed in the said fishery, although (he be above the bur- tout, then of four hundred tons, shall be intitled to a larger bounty than a ship of four hundred tons would be entitled to.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in the said former acts, Shipi above or in this present act contained, shall extend, or be construed toth* e"u£ed extend, to oblige the owner or owners of any ship above the ^fitted burthen of four hundred tons, in order to intitle him or them out otherwise to the said bounty, to fit out, equip and man any such ship, than vesseli of otherwise than as a ship of the burthen of four hundred tons*°°tODI. only ts biy yie said acts or by this present act required to be fitted out, r equipped and manned.

VIII. And whereas by the said acts made in the sixth and twenty fee end years of the reign of his present Majesty, the bounty of forty shillings per ton is confined to ships of the burthen of two hundred tons and upwards; and it hath been found by experience, that ships under the burthen of two hundred tons are fit for the said fishery; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and Bounty allow* after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred under^iqq6*and fifty five, and during the continuance of the said bounty of t0nt. forty shillings per ton, payable as aforesaid, the same shall be paia to the owners of all ships under the burthen of two hundred tqn$, which shall be employed in the said fishery, according to the admeasurement thereof, in such manner, and by and under such. rules, directions and restrictions, as by the said acts, and by this present act, the said bounty is made payable to the owners of ships of the burthen of two hundred tons and upwards, employed in the said fishery; provided the owner of no such ship shall, be entitled to such bounty unless he shall in all respects conform to the regulations prescribed by the said recited adbi, and by this present act, to the owners of ships of the burthen of two hundred tons.

IX. And whereas the dispatch of ships to the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and seas adjacent y on the whale fishery, must of necessity be within the months of March or April 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every owner or Vessels under owners of any ship or ships under the burthen of two hundred

tons, which shall fail on the said voyage and fishery on or be- March fore the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred , 7, entitled and fifty five, who have conformed themselves in all respects to the bounty* to the rules and diredipns prescribed by the said acts of the sixth and twenty second years of the reign of his present Maje-(^, 3.114 of this present act, shall be entitled to the said bounty ox forty shillings per ton, according to the admeasurement of such ftvP or ships respectively.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs for England and «rs of the

U4 Scotland*0t#

2g6 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 21. [1755.

report to par- Scotland respectively, shall, at the beginning of every session of bamen* the parliament lay before both houses of parliament an account in in the?Pfi^e- writing, under their hands, of what number of ships have been ry. employed in the whale fishery, to Davis's Streights and the Green-

land Seas, with their respective names and burthens, front whence they were fitted out, and at what port in Great Britain they were discharged, and also what quantity of oil or whale fins each ship shall have imported.

XI. And whereas Thomas Hood, James Manbey, and Leonard Bowles, ^London, merchants, did fit out in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, three ships called the Elizabeth and Mary, the Mary and the Argus, for the whale fishery in the Greenland Seas, in the manner prescribed and appointed by the said efts, and which said ships were actually employed in the said fishery, but were unavoidably loft in the said seas\ be it therefore enacted

Bounties to be by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the trea-

Kanbeyand or any t'iree or more t*iem now be*ng» or high

Bowles, for treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the vessels cm- treasury for the time being, shall be, and he or they are hereby

f hQd empowered to direct, if he or they think fit, the payment of the Greenland bounties which the said Thomas Hood, James Manbey, and Leo-

e; }8* nard Bowks, would have been intitled to, in case the said ships

bad returned to this kingdom: any thing in the said two several acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas a doubt hath arisen, whether the bounty payable on ships employed in the said fishery may he injured j for obviating such doubt, and for preventing any future applications to parliament for the bounty on any such ship which may happen to be loft at sea before her return to Great Britain, although fitted out and navigated according to the direction of the said former alls, and thit present ally the tifk of which loss ought to be borne by the owner or owners of such shipy if he or they had the liberty to injure the bounty payablodbereon; be it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Owners may That it shall and may be lawful for the owner or owners of any bounty. ship employed, or designed to be employed in the said fiflicry, to insure the bounty which such owner or owners would be in«i titled to, upon the return of such ship to the port to which the matter and mate of such ship shall have declared on oath their intention to return, and on the performance of all other mattery directed and appointed by the said acts, and by this present act to be performed, for obtaining the said bounty.

CAP. XXI.

An act for making more effectual the laws prohibiting the importation of spirituous liquors in casks or vessels not containing sixty galions, and of tea above the quantity of six pounds, found on board any British ship or vessel, not belonging to, or employed by, the East India company.

WHEREAS, for preventing the frauds frequently used in importing of strong watery spirits, aqua vitae, or brandy,

tfl

297

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. n.

in small quantities, whereby the same is more easily conveyed away without payment of the duties thereof it is by a clause in an act made in the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, 4- Will. &M. intituled, An adfc for granting to their Majesties certain addi- c. 5* tional impositions upon several goods and merchandizes for the prosecuting the present war against France, enacted, That no brandy, single or double, shall be imported from parts beyond the seas, in any vessel or cask which shall not contain sixty gallons at the leaf, upon pain of forfeiting thisaid brandy, or the value thereof so to be imported as aforesaid: and whereas by a clause in one other act made in th.r fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Firs, 5 Geo. , c* intituled, An act against clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds relating to the customs, reciting, That rum had been then imported in much greater proportions than formerly; and that the importing thereof in small casks or vessels was many times done with design, that the same might more easily, privately and clandestinely be carried off and con-vejedy without paying the duties \ it is enacted, That if any rum shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof in any cask or vessel not containing twenty gallons at the least (excepting only for the use of seamen then belonging to and on board such ship or vessel) all such rum, or the value thereof shall be forfeited \ nevertheless, if it shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the principal officers of the customs at the fort of importation, that such rum so imported in small casks, was for toe use of the master or seamen belonging to the ship or vessel in the voyage, or imported by merchants or traders without fraud or concealment, that then, and in every such case, the said officers are thereby impowered and directed to admit such rum to an entry, and cause the ditties thereof to be accepted injleadof the forfeiture thereof before mentioned; which said last mentioned clause, by virtue of several subsequent acts, is continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas by a clause in one othet act made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Ma-9 Geo. % c. 35. jeftpf Intituled, Anadfc for indemnifying persons who have been guilty bf offences against the laws made for securing the revenues of customs and excise, and for enforcing those laws for the future; it is enacted, That where any ship or vessel whatsoever coming or arriving from foreign parts, and having on board six pounds cf tea, or any foreign brandy, arrack, rum, strong waters, or other spirits yohatsoever, in casks under sixty gallons (except only for the use of the seamen then belonging to, and on board such ship or vessel, not exceeding two gallons for each staman) shall be found at anchor, or hovering witkinthe limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within two leagues of thefpore, or shall be dif covered to have been within the limits of any port, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting (unlep ih case, of unavoidable necessity and dif refs of weather, of which necessity and dif refs, the master, purser, or other person, having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel,

shall give notice to and make proof of before the collector, or other

chief

<9

Mo spirituous liquors imported in vessels under to galions, may be entered or reported for exportation*

All tea above 61b. found in British vessels arriving from foreign parts, to be forfeited. India company's ships excepted.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 22.' [1755.

chief officer of the cusims, of such port as aforesaijL, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel into the said party all fetch tea, foreign brandy, arrack, rum, strong waters: anffpaits, together with the chejls, boxes, casks, and other package wb^Jiseifeor^attaining the same goods, or the value thereof, shall hi forfeited and lojl (whether bulk shall then have been broken or mots^andstbe jame goods and package shall and may be seized and prosecuted, ar tb&'oa* lue thereof be Jued for, by any officer or officers of the ftijhomopwc* cife, in such manner and form as in and by the said afi 11 expressied: and whereas, notwithstanding the several provijsonstfo mode far preventing such frauds, ships and vessels arriving from foreignspyrls frequently have on board quantities of such liquors in small cash+aetd also tea, which liquors and tea are intended to be run Qnjjbar&spakh* out payment of the respective duties thereof; but in order, tel prevent the seizure and forfeiture thereof, are brought into pontundq pete*: tence that they are designed for exportation, and arc frequently 'rp*, ported for exportation to foreign parts, and never theless arcafterwdrdt run on shore\ be it enacted by the King's moftex ceil earning fifty, by and with the advice and coafent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament* bled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, no brandy, arrack, rum, geneva, strong waters, or other spirits whatsoever, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in any cask or other vessel, which shall not contain sixty gallons at the least of such liquors rejpcdiyely, shall be entered or reported for exportation, or exported to foreign parts; and all entries and reports which after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty nve, shall be made of such liquors, contrary to the di<-redions of this act, are hereby declared to be null and void,; and all tea above the quantity of six pounds, which he found in any British ship or vessel, arriving in Great Briteutb from foreign parts (excepting those belonging to or employed!)? the East India company) shall be forfeited and lost* whether such tea shall be intended or reported for exportation or not*],

CAP. XXII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned, out of the sinking fund; and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and for carrying the surplus of certain duties to the sinking fund; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the reftduc of the neceflery supplies which we

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. a 22. 299

have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parlament, by ways and means the least burthensome to your Majesty's subjectst have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sum herein after-mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That by or out of such monies as now arey or shall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called the Sinking fundy (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Aims of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and 1>4l0#000j. applied a sum not exceeding the sum of one million four hun- granted out of dred and twenty thousand pounds, for and towards the supply the sinking granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand fund for seven hundred and fifty five; and the of of his Ma- current 3rear* jesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 3>34, l 19 s*

the sum of three thousand three hundred forty one pounds ad. 1 q.over-nineteen shillings and two pence farthing remaining in the plus of the last receipt of the exchequer, being the overplus of the grants fory*ar's^raJltJ* the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty Io£9aVfur- four; and also the (urnof sixteen thousand four hundred ninety plus of the four pounds seventeen shillings and fen pence halfpenny, re-duty on coals; roaming in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the 1 a9fur lutVf duties on coals since the twenty fifth day of March one thou- duties^re-sand seven hundred and nineteen; and also the sum of nine- tailingspiritu-teen thousand nine hundred and twenty three pounds twelve ous liquors; shillings and nine pence, remaining in the receipt of the exche- 19r

quer, of the surplus of the duties on licences for retailing fpi-thefuiulsof rituous liquors; and also the sum of twenty eight thousand two the lottery hundred and one pounds nineteen shillings and eight pence, re- i7H» to be maining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the iJucd" funds for the lottery in the year one thousand seven hundred ot tttc upp and fourteen, shall and may be issued and applied at the said receipt as part of the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five.

III. And whereas by an act of the first year of his Majesty's reign, 1 Geo. ». c. 8. for granting an aid to his Majesty by Jale of annuities to the bank of England, at four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and charged on the duties on coals and culm, and for other purposes therein mentioned, certain duties upon coals and culm were charged with the payment of an annuity after the rate of four pounds r per centum per annum, from the fenjt of Saint John the Baptist me thousand seven hundred and twenty eighty for and upon the sum of

300 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 22. [1755.

one million seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, contributed by the governor and company of the bank of England, in pursuance of the said act; in which act it is provided, That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder of the monies arising by the said duties at the end of any one year, computing the same to end at Christmas yearly, after the said annuity and all arrears thereof are satisfied, or money reserved for that purpose, such surplus or remainder shall front time to 2 Geo. c. 3 be reserved for the disposition of parliament: and whereas by an

act of the second year of his Majesty's reign, for raising one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds by seale of annuities to the bank of England at four pounds per centum, redeemable by parliament, and for other purposes therein mentioned, certain surplus monies of the duties and revenues on feoap, paper, certain linens, silks, callicoes and fluff's, and upon Jlarch, and exported coals, and upon stampt vellum, parchment and paper, which were granted by an act made in the twelfth i» Ann. c. 9. year of ^)e re*Zn of ^er ^ate majesty Queen Anne, were charged with the payment of an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the feafi of Saint John the Baptist one thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, for and upon the sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, contributed by the governor and company of the bank of England in pursuance of the said act-, in which said act it is provided. That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder of the monies arising by the said duties at the end of any one year, computing the same to end at Christmas yearly, after the said annuity, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or money referu-id for that purpose; such surplus or remainder shall from time to time be reserved for the disposition of parliament: now, to the end the said several surplus or overplus monies may be applied, be it Surplus of the enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth duties on day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, the fur-

coals, soap, pjus or overplus monies of the said duties on coals and culm,

&ac^eftarchen8, an<* a surplus or overplus monies of the duties and reve-coals export- nues on soap, paper, linens, silks, callicoes and stuffs, and up-ed, stampt vel- on starch and exported coals, and upon stampt vellum, parch-lum. See. ment and paper, which shall from time to time be and remain

in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at the end of any usual quarterly day on which the said surplus or overplus monies shall arise, after satisfying all charges and incumbrances thereupon, to be carried shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called to the sinking The sinking fund; and shall and may be issued and applied in fund. such manner, and to such uses and purposes, as other rates,

duties, revenues and incomes, composing the said fund, are or shall be issued and applied, and for no other use, intent or purpose whatsoever.

Clause of loan lV. And it is hereby eqadted by the authority aforesaid, That for raising in case the said of of his Majesty's treasury, or any

1, 410, 0001. at three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any 3l. per cent. thrce or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said sum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after-

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 22. 301

mentioned} that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or petfoiW) natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate/to^advance oi; lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any Aim or sums of money, not exceeding the said sum of one million four hundred and twenty thou-fapd pounds, upon the credit of the said surplusses, excesses and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund $ and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, intefeft'after a rate' not exceeding three pounds per centum per atMmi fc as such loans be allowed to be t made by the said com-iodfipucrsof the treasury, or anythree or more of them now beUig^Onthe high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners©f the treasury for the time being, who are hereby ataitbQriz&d issue their warrants for that purpose as fad as such Io«o$shallbc wanted for the publick service; and moreover, th.it tap- money to be lent upon the security of this act, shall be rated for assessed to anyrtax or assessment whatever. rrMa jAnd^: it further enacted, That all and every person or Tallies of loan per Cons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act as to be (truck, aforesaid, and pay the same into the receipt of the exchequer, (ha&.immediately have a tally of loan struck for the same, and an opfor for his, her or their repayment, bearing the same date with higher or their tally; in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for payment of interest for the forbearance thereof; not exceeding the said rate of three pounds per centum pai unmim, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all such orders for repayment of money ifa to be lent, /shall be registered in course, according to the respectivelyj and that all and every person and persons (l)iNjibe paid in course, according as their orders shall stand re- 1 gilded: in, the said register books, so as the person or persons, The manner dr foreigners, his, her or their executors, administrators of Payment* who shall have his, her or their order or orders first entpfertiin the said books of register, shall be taken and account- edxfoibf theflrft person or persons to be paid out of the said fur-piu$f&*T€Kocfli$ or other revenues, and he, she or they, who his/ her or their order or orders next entered, shall h^hake^andraaoduoted to be the second person to be paid, and so focgeffivftly amHtt: course; and that the monies to come in oCdrior/the said fUrplufleS; excesses and1 overplus monies, or o-tl*r avenues composing the sinking fond kfcaforesaid, shall be in il^famo order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective ptffen^ and body or bodies politick or corporate, their exe-ciadministrators, successors or assigns respectively; without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and: ft[al^rK>t be diverted or divcrrtiWe to any other use, intent*!0 undue prc. or^rpose whatsoeyei^ (other than such ufds and purpose* as are*crence* appointed by any orfitH act or acts of parliament in that behalf as ^for^gidl and that no fee; reward'or gratuity, diteftly or in- No fee to be dir^y, f ftigll fesl demanded or.taken of* any of his Majest/staken, futyc*, for- providing or making of any such books ot remitters

on pain of treble damages, and colts.

Penalty of undue preference.

Provisoes relating to orders of the lame date.

and to payment of subsequent orders, before others not brought in course.

Method of transferring.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 22. [1755.

or any entries, views or searches, in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majest/s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieyed, by the party offending, with full costs of suit; or if the officer himself take or demand any such fee or reward, then to lose his place also; and if dny undue preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of registry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this act, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by action of debt, or on the case, to pay the value of the debt, with full costs of suit, to the party grieyed, and shall be fore-judged of his place or office; and if any such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his matter, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such action, debt, damages and costs, and mail be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in case the auditor of the receipt shall not direct the said orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon such orders, according to each person's due place and or* der as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to such action, debt, damages and cotts, in such manner as aforesaid \ all which said penalties, forfeitures, damages and costs, to be incurred by any of the officers of the exchequer, or any of their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster j wherein no essoin, pro-tedtion, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order 01 restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

VI. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several tallies of loan or orders for payment as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the same day to the auditor of the receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same day.

VII. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the

auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay subsequent orders to persons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders before other persons that did not take their monies, and bring their orders in course, so as there be so much money reserved as will satisfy precedent orders* which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; interest upon loan being to cease from the time the money is so reserved and kept in bank for them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons to whom any money shall be due for leans to be registered by virtue of this act, after order entered in the book of register as aforesaid, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, by proper words of alignment to be indorsed and written upon his, her. or their order, may assign and transfer his, her or their right, title, interest and benefit of such order,

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 22. 303

or any part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of registry aforesaid, for orders (which the officers shall upon requeff, without fee or charge, accordingly make) shall intitle such assignee, his, her or their executors, administrators, successors and assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignee may in like manner assign again, and so toties quoties5 and afterwards it (half not be in the power of such person or persons, who have or hath made such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

IX. And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain sum not to exceed in the whole the said sum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand pounds, to be raised either by such Joans as aforesaid, or by issuing exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those ways or means, for the publick service 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the of of his Ma- The said sum jetty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the may be raised high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the by exchequer treasury for the time being, shall judge it more adviseable tobl 8'

raise the said sum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, instead of such loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare mid make, or cause to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand pounds, together with such loans aforesaid, in the same or like manner, form or order, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by a8Gc0*c* certain act of parliament (for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five) are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said act.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All advan-That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, tages and pe-advantages, penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, contained in na, t*.s ?onj the said last mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer a^.n bills authorized to be made by the same act (except such clauses fating to loans as do charge the same on the rates and duties granted by the or exchequer same act) shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills, bills, extended to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually toto lhl, a

all intents and purposes, as if the said exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Theexche-the exchequer bills, as shall be made in pursuance of this act, quer bills t«

and

g4 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. ill [1755.

be paid out of and the interest, premium, rate and charges incident to, or at-the (inking tending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and charge-fund. able upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the

growing produce of the said surplusses, excesses and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any former or other act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied as fast as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling and discharging such exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof,

XII. And whereas the governor and company of the bank of England do consent and agree to advance and lend the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, over and above all other sum and sums rf money that they have already agreed to advance on the supplies of the present year, at an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for so much thereof as shall be by them advanced? from the time of such advancement till the same shall be discharged, the said five hundred thousand pounds and interest to be secured by exchequer bills to be made forth and issued in pursuance of this act, and to be charged upon and repaid out of such monies as at any time or times bc+caster shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay the sum of seven hundred and twenty thousand pounds^ part of the said surplusses, excesses^ overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, by this act direhed to be issued and applied$ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such exchequer bills for any sum or sums Bills to carry not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds as aforesaid, as interest, Cand be ma^e forth and issued in pursuance of this act, shall re-

charon spectively be made to bear or carry an interest at the rate of the linking three pounds per centum per annum; and all such exchequer bills,

fund. together with the interest attending the same, shall be, and arc

hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid by or out of such monies, as ar any time or times hereafter shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the said surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay the sum of seven hundred and twenty thousand pounds, part of the said surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund, commonly called Tl)e Sinking Fund, by this act directed to be issued and applied; and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied as fast ad the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such exchequer bills and interest, until the whole of

them

1754.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 21. 305

hens shall be paid, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient be kept and reserved in the exchequer for that purpose.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Appropriation the authority aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the Of^g Applies, exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to Tbc monies his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the fer- arising by the vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and for, and tax# the reHef of the inhabitants of certain places in the county ^Lincoln, in respect of arrears of the land-tax; and so much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted as shall arise or remain after alt the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same ad, and all the interest, premium, rate and charges thereon and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said land-tax shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer, to fetisfy and discharge the same 5 and also all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills* upon one other ad of this session of parliament, ("intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon Majt malty mum> cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five) and so much money, if any such be, of the duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same ad, and all the interest, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties shall be Satisfied, or monies sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and the sum of three amJ thousand three hundred forty one pounds nineteen shillings and remain* two pence farthing remaining in the exchequer, being the over* ing in the ex* plus of the grants for the service of the year one thousand seven chequer, &c« hundred and fifty four, but not applied to the service of that year; and the sum of sixteen thousand four hundred ninety four pounds, seventeen shillings and ten pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer* of the Surplus of the duties on coals, since the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and the sum of nineteen thousand nine hundred and twenty three pounds twelve shillings and nine pence, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of thofur* plus of the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors; and the sum of twenty eight thousand two hundred and one pounds nineteen shillings and eight pence, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the funds for the lottery in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer by contributions for a lottery granted by one other a ft of this present session of parliament, (intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of the lot* omm&iott to be raised by a lottery) and also the sum of one mil- tery money of lion four hundred and twenty thousand pounds by this act 17*4* granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appro* W priated for and towards thfe several uses and purposes herein after expressed*, (that is to say) it is hereby enacted and declared by VoL. XXL X.the

14 s. i d. toward* naval ferried.

to, oooo 1. to Greenwich Hospital.

7, 0001. to* ward* the navy debt.

306 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 22.' £175-5

the authority aforesaid, That out bf all or aify' tWaids Or fop-plies provided as aforesaid, theredfl»UiaoA: maybe iflbed and applied, any sum or (tuns of mooey. aot etceedingiOnc; trillion four thousaftd tyro hundred 'eightyYtigbt ^rbttnttowsntgen shillings and one penny, for or Jsowriicfe then* vdt serviceriierein after particularly expressed (thafcisite&y)fornrtoWHTda victuals, wages, wear and tear of the.tMvy, and the od£hulliBg*hereof, performed and to be performed; and for: ortpwwds; 1^ ferviees in the office of ordnance, performed!and to be pafsffled^-and for half-pay to sea officers; <and^r hr. towarris^imilffi^, rebuilding and repairs of hb Majesty's ships, in the year one thousayid seven hundred and fifty free.

XIV. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or (upphesafortfitid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any sum or fams of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, towards the support of the royal hospital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the (eamen of the said hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afbrdkid. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or fumsnf money not exceeding seven thousand pounds, towards paying ff and discharging the debt of the navy.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afbne- <6g, % 9 % said. That out of all or any the aids or supplies afebeflia) there

an^'s^. to the shall and may be issued and applied any sum. or sums bf money ordnance \ not exceeding one hundred fifty on&thaufaod five hundred fitay

' six pounds eighteen shillings and eight pence^fori&e Mrasgref

the office of ordnance for land service, for the yearcMctiroufand seven hundred and fifty five, performed and ao latfttfiraadj and for defraying the extraordinary expence of theoffiec-ef aed-v nance for the land service, not provided for by parioatairi nvsl

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any

the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall! and hats be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, docitaodeding one million one hundred thirty nine thousand five hondrsdjfirty eight pounds one shilling and-one penny halfpetuiy, ?fbniBitl<rea wards mainuininghb Majesty's land forces, and cothetfebmeeh herein after more particularly expressed (that utekfiy); tiny or (urns of money, not exceeding fixrhtmdaed ewentycq^rethott* sand three hundred fifteen pounds seven ftnllings. and eleven pence, for defining the charge>of> eighteen thottiand crgbft fens-v»r«i dhuu.1, an*( fifty (Weneffective-roen, mduding taBnanluon tend Guernsey, and JMm-commifiwm officers, and aifoorte thoHUndeigbti hundred jerseys and fiftoen invalids, for guards, uganrUbos, and otherhisiJrf.J-jetty's; Und fbteerin Great Britoiu, Gurrnjtj and ffetfiy?for tkC year one thousand seven, hundred and fifty; fixe y^aaohahy firm tr^soj. its. or fujns of money, not exceeding ttwo hundred hhnxtafivttKitri garri?on fourimirfredilirecuypcmndjjcighfeea shillingsiahtffit pence

a.»S#J4*f-: is. id. iq. to the land forced $:

of which 618, 3151. 7». xid. for guards, and carrifons, Sc^in Great Britain

X

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 22. 307

[in the plantations, Minorca,

halfpenny* forraamtaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in fbefbfitaootts^ Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provisions tiens> ^jor-for the: gan»set^ Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar andraltarNova

Providence^\fori tibe year one thousand seven hundred and fifty- Scotia, New* five; fod>bnwfomor films of money, not exceeding forty thou- foundiand, sand fHregnhUndfed and fifty pounds and fifteen shillings, for^ndProfi-defeyAgihehcharge of two regiments of foot, to be raised for dence# his Majesty's fiaTTice in NerihJmerica, for the service of the year 40, 3501. 15s.' one thottfand^ikveh hundred and fifty, five, and arny sum or sums for % regi-of morrey not exceeding seven thousand three hundred thirty- penn raisedi eight pounds two shillings and fix 'pence, for defraying the in 6d. charge of several officers appointed by his Majesty, to go with fdJ charge of the forcestia*the expedition under the command of major gene- officers em-rz 1 Bradckl^fortht year one thousand seven hundred and fifty ployed in the five; aruL any fbm or sums of money not exceeding one thousand seven hundred seventy nine pounds seven shillings and fix x, 779): 7l. 6d. pence, foe defraying the charge of the officers appointed by his for charge of Majesty, ctir attend the hospital established for the service of the officers at-expedition under the command of major general Braddeck, for*enij!"S the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and any 0Ipl a 1 tre* sum or sums of money not exceeding fifty-nine thousand seven 59, 791l. vis. hundred ninety one pounds twelve shillings and one penny, upon id. to theoue account, for out-pensioners of Chelsea hospital, for the year oi*e Kn?nc£ °S thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and any sum or fams of H°r- money /noc> exceeding forty seven thousand pounds, upon ac-^ol to count dfi&alfepay, for the reduced officers of his Majesty's land the reduced forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred officers of the and fiftylftvej subject to such rules to be observed in the appli- l d forces cation* of the said halfpay, as are hereafter preferred concern- and ingthoifamt; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding three thousand seven hundred thirty five pounds nine shillings 3, 7351. 9s. 7<L and seven pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the to the gentle, several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse raea guards, 'and regiment of horse reduced, and to the superannu- educed; ated gentlferafen of the four troops of horse guards, for the year one thonfaitd seven hundred and fifty five; and any sum or sums of money>iK>C exceeding two thousand five hundred and sixty- 2, 5611. to re. two pounds, for paying of pensions to the widows of such re- duced officer* duced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines as died*dow8> &c* upon thdestablishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were mbnnedto them before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; vhich said sum of two thousand five hundred and sixty two poands, shall be issued to such person orperfofts as his Majesty shall, by warrant or warrants under histxoyal sign manual, direct and appoint to receive the same, tobebyhim or them paid over to such widows of halfpay officessy^oriheir assignees, according to such establishments, lifts, or; ortrer!directions, and with and subject to such conditions, tpfebficeridns, and other allowances for the same, as his Majesty, by such and the like warrant or warrants, shall fee gra-

X % cioufljr

3*, ooool. to the King of Poland.

1,000, 0001. for augmenting the forces by sea and land.

40, 4.18l. 7* 8d. towards the settling Nova Scotia.

308 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. aSJT

ciously pleated to direct and appoint \ 9!

60, 1541. f*. money not exceeding sixty , Uious>ti4 iwp four

for Cervices in- pounds and eight shillings, for defraying the e^wr^p vy ^x-curred m pences of his Majesty's land Foroes, ?nd other fe^'^v/P^Vred

l; 54" in the year one thousand seven Impdred find not

provided for by parliament; and any ium or> b^s(ptr iqpney

10.0001. to not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, to pb^epif^ to

the Elector of make good his engagements with the elector QiJfyqpaftfj $>ur-

Bavana. suant to treaty; and any furo or sums of inopey nof

thirty two thousand pounds, to enable his his engagements with the King of Poland* pursuant to the treaty. V on

XVIII. And it is hereby also enabled, That bujLcfcm dr any of the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, them s^may be issued and applied any sum or sums of mangy pp$ gflffiffing one million, upon account, towards enabling; Jbis augment his forces by sea and land, and to tafce/^ for the security of his dominions, as may be the present conjuncture. j rjf[> \ ^Vr?

XIX. And it is hereby also enabled. That oid o^atf'orny the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there (h^l ', apd may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money not exceeding forty thousand four hundred eighteen pounds levep fhlllyjjp and eight pence, upon account, for supporting and nulbtaiping the settlement of his Majesty's colony of Nova Stotid (ovrdpG

one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and any fpmpr lums, 957l-.*os.for of money not exceeding two thousand nine hundred fifty &Yen defraying the pounds and ten shillings, upon account, for defrayjitethe charnel* of 1 ges of the citfil establishment of his Majesty's ©piggyp^ Georgia* Georgia. "

10.0001. for the British forts, 8cc. on the ooaft of Africa.

6.0001. towards building a fort at Anamaboe.

6.0001. to-

and other incidental expences attending the the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hun^rea ^nd fifty four, to the twenty fourth day of June one thousanp fpyep hundred and fifty five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, to be employed in main^ming, and suppofting the British forts and settlements upon thp xoal^ of Africa j and any sum or sums of money not exceedipgj^thoi*-sand pounds, towards the expences incurred invbiulmggvg^>rt at Annamaboe\ and any sum or sums of money, not p^ped^ six thousand pounds, towards laying out, making ?p(^keeping

road from« fCPjrdf^/or'* of troops

Carlisle to from c, ty of Carhjle to the town of Newcastle upon lypeyixxd Newcastle. any sum or sums of money not exceeding three thous^dj^unds,

3, ooool. to to be paid to Thomas Stephens, as a reward for di/epypring his phenT*for dif- Pct^od of making pot a Of, and introducing that p)anu£?uSmre covering the "*nto British plantations in America.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority* said, That the said aids and supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any life, intent or purpose wharfq-ever, other than the uses and purposes before-mentioned, or for the several deficiencies or other payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any act or acts, or any particular clause or clauses

for

method of making pot-a(h.

These aids to be applied to no other uses.

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 22. 309

for that purpose contained in any other act or acts of this present fe^ctt.oTbariiment., 1 \

XXIillAtt?fas tb the said fufii of forty seven thousand pounds Rules to be by thisift^bi^opriated oh account of half pay as aforesaid, it observed in is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That on the ruf& hei'eln after prescribed shall be duly observed in the appa, plicadoapf1 tyre find hafff-pay; that is to say, That no person^ shall have or receive any part of the same, who was a minor, and under Ae age of sixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop drbbrnpiny, in which he served, was reduced; that no person (K&lijave or receive any part of the same, except such persons hbdidactual service in some regiment, troop or company; that no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil dr military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who has any ecclesiastical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any part of the said half pay; that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, who has resigned hisr commission, and has had no commission since; that no part of the same shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuen persons who would have been otherwise intitled to the same as reduced officers; and that no past of the same shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, latel^ disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIly jnd whereat by an act of parliament made and passed in l7Gea*, c, io. the twenty feverith war of his Majesty's reign (intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned out bf flie sinking fund; and applying certain fdrplus monies remaining in the exchequer for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and for the further disposition of the sinking fund, by paying the reout the remain- (

dcrof the flirt* advanced on the credit of the duty on fwects, and the interdflt thereof; and for carrying the said duty to the said fund; and Tdrthe further appropriating the supplies granted in v

this session of parliament; the several supplies which had been granted,

to his Majesa as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several uses and purposes therein expressei; amongst which any sum or sums of money\ 'exceeding fifty-five thousand pounds^ was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, subject nev&thekfs to such rules to beobjerved in the application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid act were prescribed in that

behalf: now k is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, by the Application of authority aforesaid, That so much of the said sum of fifty five as.

thousand pounds as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy p^priare^hv the said reduced officers, according to the rules prescribed by 175*, to the the said act to be observed in the application thereof, or any part pa tient of such overplus, shall and may bedisposed of to such officers^, ccd who are maimed or lost their limbs in the late wars, or such ce l#

Others as by reason of their long service or otherwise, his Majesty

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. C.AJ.

[1755.

jesty shall judge to be proper ohjcAt of charity* widows or children of such officers according warrants under his Majesty's royri sign-

cd in that behalf; any thing iat&sa&p or aft,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

An act to enable the churchwardens, overfterS? pft$'&fbdbi- tants of the parish of Saint Saviour, in the of

Southwark, in the county of Surry, t& batt^mstket within the said parish, not interfering wHbltbe in the said borough.

WHEREAS a market hath for a long trafi\ in the parish of Saint Saviour in the him Southwark in the county of Surry, by virtue of dp fopai^bdrter granted to the mayor, commonalty, and citizens Edward the sixth, and continued and made perpetnfflby^ qfi jf

parliament, intituled, An act for erecting a judicature ^determine differences touching houses burnt and detnoiished^4if the late dreadful fire in Southwark: and whereas by the bufljbfefv/ifjeu of the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of Lou^n* mon council assembled, it hath been represented, That ibefmenorict now held in the common street, which is a great thoroughfarrfor #11 carriages and cattle, continually pofling to and from the toflrfties sf Kent, Surry, and Sussex, is become a nusance by meatts^i^ gfgat number of carts, flails and Jlands, placed and set up iu^mmtxthe same, and therefore praying for leave to give up the fqidmuxkitymd the profits arising thereby, for the convenience and accommp^ipnWtly c. 9. publick: and whereas by an act made and passed in this fir^pt ffflw* of parliament, in consequence of such petition, intituled, An act to prevent the holding of any market for the future in the high street of the borough of Southwark in the county of Surry; it is enabled, That from and after the twenty fifth day of Inarch \n the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, nf tpa rigt whatsoever shall be kept or held in the said highJlreet of the borough of Southwark in the county of Surrjr: and whereas it it neetjjary for the benefit and accommodation of the inhabitants of the ffld borough af Southwark, and the neighbouring towns and village* that it mMet Jbovld be Jlill Continued as near as conveniently mgr li fe \tj?o plan where it is now held, and the churchwardens, werfeers^tf th* fm* and inhabitants of the parish of Saint Saviour, 1within rough, are desirous to ere ft, hold and maintain such mar behind Jmre found out a convenient place for that purptfe, near the prefer Mrbrt*

within the said parish tf Saint Saviour, to wit, apiece if ground in which is contained a spot called The Trigngfc, abutting 0* & pkee called the Tiimstile, on the back side of Three Crown ward, on Fowle Lane, and buildings in Rpchester £)irty

Lane northward, and towards Deadman's but

whereat such new market cannot h* wfled, held wd maintained, m

CAP. XXIII.

An act to enable the churchwardens, overseers, and inhabitants of the parish of Saint Saviour, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surry, to hold a market within the said parish, not interfering with the high street in the said borough.

many

t 1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 24;

I Hf&mvcd wbubmay arise in thtpurchufc of the

groi)dphHifio ancbMbtP buildings that shall be found mejjaty to be I made tyeffa that fUtpofb fyroaftm.of legal disabiliues, which them(xcupiff*mtty bemaor t*difptftrif tie fme\ all which cannot be done and eff£&teglty>earnisA into execution* otherv wife than, by the aid and OUtfarfy of parliament may it therefore pleaft your Majesty, atfh* Jniiyer of the churchwardens, over-ieer?*l tt^e poQiv and inhatotajtttof the said parish of Saint Sj-tww bproqgh of S^hwarh* that it may be enacted, £sV.

Comjxnffiafte^ typbihted to let out the feite of the market i purchase thereof!? after4v£rd# made by the parish. Right of holding the market add tolls, &c. veftedSn the churchwardens and inhabitants. No proviAons, &c. to be sold without licence, within xoooo yards of the bounds of the market, fbyand draw excepted. Penalty 5l. Justices may mi-tsgtte' penults. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-femons,

&c. Proceedtogsnof rt moveable by Certiorari. Persons interested in lands, set out for the fcitoof the market, impowered to sell the same.

Pfrjbn^disabled, or refilling to treat, notice to be given them that the value -will be settled by a jury. Jury to aflels the recompence on oath.

Ventfft to be recorded, &c. Upon payment of the purchase-money, conveyaueeto M executed. Where the title can't he made good, &c. Purchase money tjo be paid into the bank, and' receipt to be given for the same'} apd to be entered on record. Lands.afterwards to veil in pariflii* oners.'Pta^afe money subject to the uses the lands were limited to.

[Publick act.]

After paymols, lands may be converted into a market. 6, ooool. may be nufed 'ibv snhking neceflknrpurchasa, and building the market*or the ground mxtf brletouton building leases. Money borrowed may be raised by aaqujti^s, not exceeding fi. per cent. Annuities not to exceed 4801. per annum, to by; paid quarterly. Names of annuitants, and Aims pid, to be entered in books. Annuities to be for lives of the persons nominated bjr contributors, and to be tax free. Receipts to be given to contributors, and order for payment of annuities. Annuities may be af-Agited. Amniiitiea payable out of the rents, &c. of the market. Deficit encies to be made good by a rate. Payment of facb rates gives no settle* meot. Market, See. veiled in churchwardens and parish in trull for the uies beteSm declared.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

WHEREAS divers persons who on account of, places, employments or profefftons, or any other cause or occa-fitn, tufhtto have taken and subfiribtd the oaths or the assurance respectively appointed to be by fitch persons, in and by an all made in the first year if the reign of his h>te tnajeffy King George^ of glorious memory (entitled. An act for the further security of his Majesty's , person Bttd government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of thelate- princeis Sophia 3being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fetffet abettors) or to'have qualified themselves according to on all made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the 13 Car. s.

Second (intituled, An act for the well governing and regulating corporations) tt to have qualifitd-ehtmfilves according to another alt

m

1 Geo. 1. c.

c. t.

9i»

*}C

further time allotted to

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c.

[1755.

made in the 4v^tyfifth year of the ing n if King Charles the Second (intituledr j^\$ &r the ptreVtsmogdangers whiehtmay happen from pppi()i re«^aiHi) if ramttng thefairambet^tbosLoerds fuPP*r9 affording to the usage if fourth of YLA$ondt$ aetd tooting and fubfir thing, the declaration Ogmeifi draifajiautiotien therm* mentioned, have through ignorance of the lathy aMmey mfimnk unavoidable accident, omitted to take and subsetibe the Jtidoemaydnd affu- ranee, or otherwise to qualify tboeyebes ataforefiddy obit fat such timty and in such manner> os in and, the said\aBf respecteoely, or by an other aB of parliament in that bejbalf made and cprqmied, is required, whereby they may be in, danger of incurring ditmo penalties and disabilities; for quieting the minds of his ^jetty's subjects, and for preventing any inconuenkncksthat might lOtbmrwife happen by means of such omissions; be it enacted bfithfc&upg's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That >cr- all and every person and persons, who shall on or before the Ions who Have twenty eighth day of November one thousand seven h\njdred and omitted to fifty five, take and subscribe the said oaths and affu ranee respectqoalifjr them-! lively, in such cases wherein by law the find oaths or atfbrance ftWotf ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and such place and places, as are appointed In and by the said act made in the first year of the reign of his said^Ute majesty King George, or by any other ad or ad* of parluunent in that behalf made and provided, and also to receive Jpe &cra-fnent of thb lord's supper according to the usage ofj tj of England* and to make and subscribe the find 4*gainst transubstantiation, in such cases whereu^ Timent ought to have been received, and the fak dtt^i^t! to have been made and subscribed, shall be and axeherefc nified, freed and discharged from and against all penaj feitures, incapacities and difobjlities incurred or tqbe Incurred for or by reason of any former neglect or omiflwnj. oftaking or subscribing the said oaths or assurance, or receiving^ $be focra-ment, or making or subscribing the said deckratioiycefoef3iye-ly, according to the above mentioned a#s, or any >or

Km qua- any other act or a#s concerning persons in officesj^fies of ig within trust; and is and are, and shall be, fully and actually recapaci-tated and restored to the same (late and condition as such per-den^oT&c f°n or P^rsons were before such neglect or omission,rid shall* # be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified or

fhemselyes, according to the above mentioned act^/ao4 every of them; and that all alts done, 91*.to be done by any stich person or persons, or by authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the same force and validity as the fatde, or any of them would have been, if such person or persons bad taken the said oaths or aflprance, and received the sacrafrierit of the &ordV Supper, and made and subscribed the said declaration - pelpectively, according to the direction of thefa^adty, and every of them $ and that fuel* person or persons ouahfVibg themselves

iV)

church

i ought

yripdem-49s, for-

3*3

195$.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 25.--27.

in mannecsnd within the time appointed by this act, shall be to inttnfs and =purposes aB/cfifeftual as if such person or persons badr^spectively taken thefiud oaths and afluranee, and received the faevatnect, and rbadd and subscribed the said declara-tron, tvnddrr>theninae and in the manner appointed by the feve-ndafts before mentioned.

H.V Provided1 always, Thar this act, or any thing herein con- None to^tainedj ftnU.nbt extend, or be condrued to extend, to restore restored to of-or rntide any person or persons to any office or employment, Sees already benefice, tpatter or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by judgment of any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already p"

fillwufkiiy tnjoyed by any olher person; but such office, em-pfoyttsent, i benefice, matter or thing so voided, or filled up and enjoyed, 'shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who isor are now intitled to the same, as if this act bad never been made.

CAP. XXV.

An act for continuing an act, intituled, An act for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America.

WHEREAS the law for encouraging the making of Indico jnfhe British plantations in America, is found to be veryufe-M and bfnefidal to the publicity and is so near expiring, that it is fit it shoidd he continued; be It therefore enacted by the King's most excellentjfrujesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, io t^is present par-Jiatbtcht^fsembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act t made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Ma-, i Geo. *.c.s9. jefyr, intituled, An act for encouraging the making of Indico in Continued to J3ntish plantations in America, which was to continue in force5 Mafch for feveh years from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand l?6*9 &c# seven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further tofitiilued from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven htfcdred and fifty six, until the twenty fifth day of March-one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and from thence Jto the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the high bridge in the town of Ramsey in the county of Huntingdon, through King’s Ripton, to the west end of Saint Peter’s Lane in the parish of Saint John, within the borough of Huntingdon.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual several acts of parliament, relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of the town of Kingston upon Hull, and for better paving, preserving and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in the said town, and preventing obstructions therein; and for preserving the lamps, which shall be set up to enlighten the streets of the said town, and securing the property of such lamps to the owners.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 28.-37. [1755.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Sutton in the county of Surry, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Mill to Ewell; and also the road from Tadworth, by the Wind-Mill, to the bottom of Pebble Hill in the said county.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for continuing and rendering more effectual an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale and beer, that shall be vended or sold within the city of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the villages of Gorbels and Port Glasgow, and privileges thereof for the benefit of the said city and villages.

CAP. XXX.

An act to continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament passed in the sixth and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King George, for repairing the roads from Stevenage in the county of Hertford, to Bigleswade in the county of Bedford; and for repairing the roads from the north end of the said roads to the toll-gate at the north end of the said town of Bigleswade.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the several roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for establishing, maintaining, and well governing a nightly watch within the city of Bristol.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for repairing the road from the north end of Brown's Lane in Great Stoughton in the county of Huntington, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the way post near Wellingborough Bridge in the county of Northampton, and from the pound in Kimbolton, to the way post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge in the said county of Huntingdon.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for erecting and building a new chapel in the town of Wolverhampton in the county of Stafford.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for repairing the road from a certain place in Bury in the county of Huntingdon, through Warboy, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltisley, Waresley, Gamlingay and Potton, to a house called the Spread Eagle in Stratton within the several counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge and Bedford.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to continue and render more effectual several acts for repairing the road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the town of Cambridge; for repairing the road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and for repairing other ruinous parts of the highways adjacent to the road from Foulmire to Cambridge.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for the better enlightening and cleaning the open places, squares, streets, lanes, alleys, passages and courts within the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London; and regulating the nightly watch and beadles within the said parish.

1755.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. «, 88.-4. 315

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the borough of Dunbeved, otherwise Launceston, and parish of Saint Mary Magdalen in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh, to and from the city of Edinburgh, and from Crammond Bridge to the town of Queen’s Ferry in the county of Linlithgow; and for making the said act more effectual.

CAP. XL.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Market Harborough in the county of Leicester, through the town of Lutterworth in the said county, to the city of Coventry.

CAP. XLI.

An act for enlightening the streets and lanes, and regulating the pavements, in the town of Leeds in the county of York.

CAP. XLII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a place called Mile-stone, in the road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the said county, and for widening the said roads; and also for repairing and widening the roads leading from the end of Culham Bridge next to Culham in the county of Oxford, to the end of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon in the county of Berks, and from the Major's Stone at the end of the Boar Street in the town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shipton in the said county of Berks, and from thence to the west end of the town of Fyfield in the same county.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for establishing and maintaining a ferry across the river Thames, between the hamlet of Ratcliff in the county of Middlesex, and the parish of Rotherhithe in the county of Surry.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hursborn Fryars, Andover and Middle Wallop in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner in the parish of Winterslow in the county of Wilts.

CAP. XLV.

An act for widening land repairing the road leading from Horsham in the county of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham and Leatherhead, to the watch-house in Ebbisham in the county of Surry; and from Capell, to Stem Street in the parish of Ockley in the said county of Surry.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge in the county of Warwick, through the town of Southam in the same county, to the borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post in the village of Adderbury in the same county, through Kidlington, to the Mile-way leading towards the city of Oxford; and also the road leading from a place called the Two Mile Tree near the city of Oxford, over Gosford,

316 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 47.-56. [1755.

otherwise Gossard Bridge, to a certain gate entering upon Weston on the Green in the said county.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from The Hand and Post at the top of Burford Lane in the county of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge in the county of Warwick; and also the road from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, to The Hand and Post in the parish of Dowdeswell in the county of Gloucester.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, lying within the borough of Droitwich in the county of Worcester, or leading from the said borough, to the several places therein mentioned in the said county.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Chudleigh Bridge in the parish of Hennock, in the county of Devon, through the town and borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge in the parish of South Brent, in the said county.

CAP. L.

An act for amending and widening the roads from the west end of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth, in the county of York, to a place called Blue Bell near Colne, in the county of Lancaster, and from a place called the Two Laws to Keighley, in the said county of York.

CAP. LI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Thirsk, ewer Shipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor in the way to Rippon, and through Ainderby Quernhow and Nesterfield, by Well-flashes Gate, to Masham in the county of York; and likewise for removing the toll-house and turnpike-gates at Busby Stobb in the said county, to some other convenient place in the road leading from Borough Bridge to the city of Durham.

---

CAP. LII.

An act for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual two acts of parliament made in the second and seventeenth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the roads from Coleshill in the county of Warwick, through the city of Litchfield, to Stone in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the city of Chester, and several other roads in the said acts mentioned; and for enlarging the term and powers in the said several acts.

CAP. LIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale to Burnley in the county of Lancaster.

CAP. LIV.

An act to enable the reverend William Markham doctor of laws, and Thomas Salter esquire, to build houses, and open a square in and upon a certain piece of ground called Dean's Yard Westminster, and several pieces of ground contiguous thereto.

CAP. LV.

An act for building a bridge over the water or haven between the town of Sandwich, and the opposite shore in the county of Kent.

CAP. LVI.

An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of the Holy Trinity in

1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 1. 317

Guldeford in the county of Surry, to sell divers houses, lands, rents and annuities in the said parish, and in Stoke next Guldeford aforesaid; and to apply the money arising by sale thereof, towards rebuilding their parish church, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LVII.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell, to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton in the county of Surry.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Manchester, by a place called the White Smithy in the township of Crumpsal, to the town of Rochdale, and from the said place called the White Smithy, by a place called Besses of the Barn, to the town of Bury, and from the said place called Besses of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing, widening and amending the road from Cocking End near Addingham in the west riding of the county of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds in the west riding of the county of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in Walton in the county of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Gisburn and Clitheroe, to Preston in the said county of Lancaster.

