GENERAL LIBRARY UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN.

THE

Hagerman Collection

OF BOOKS RELATING TO

HISTORY AND POLITICAL SCIENCE

BOUGHT WITH MONEY PLACED BY

JAMES J. HAGERMAN OF CLASS OF ’61

IN THE HANDS OF

Professor Charles Kendall Adams

IN THE YEAR

1883.

Hosted by Google

'w.'y.AMo.

THE

Statutes at Harge,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq.

Reader of the Law Ledure to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXVII.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the U NIV E R SIT Y i (By Alignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurft,)

For J. Johnson, in St. Paul’s Church-yard, G.G. J.&J.Robinson, in Pater-nofter Row, and D.Ogilv y & Co. in Middle Row, Holborn, London. 179o.

CUM P RIV1 LEG 10,

Hosted by Google

THE

tatutes at iarge,

Anno tricefimo Georgii III. Regis:

Being the SEVENTH Seffion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXVII. PartI.

A TABLE

Hosted by Google

	A		
T	A B	L	E
	O F T H E		'
S T	A T U	T	E S

P U B L I C K and PRIVATE,

Faffed Anno

GEORGII III.

Being the Seventh Seffion of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUB LICK

++

Cap. i. T7 O R indemnifying all perfons who have been JL* concerned in advifing or carrying into execution certain orders of council, refpe&ing the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and alfo certain orders ifiued by the governor general of his Majefty’s colonies in America; and for preventing fuits in confequence of the fame; and for making further provifions relative thereto.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 4. For taking off the duties upon unwrought tin exported to any of the countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope.

Cap. 5. For continuing the term of fo much of an a<ft, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his* prefent Majefty, as relates to the rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 6. For punching mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters,

Vol. XXXVII,	a	Cap, 7,

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

Gap. 7. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces While on Ihore.

Cap. 8. To amend two a&s, made in the twenty-eighth yeat of the reign of his prefent Majefty ; the one intituled, An aft for regulating the trade between the fubjefts of his Majefys colonies and plantations in North America, and in the Weft India ifands, and the countries belonging to the unitedJlates of America ; and between his Majeffs faid fubjefts and the foreign ifands in the Weft Indies; and the other intituled. An aft to allow the importation of rum, or other [pirits, from his Majefyys colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, into the province of Quebec, without payment of duty, under certain conditions and refriftions.

Cap. 9. For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 10. For the better fupport of the dignity of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons ; and for difabling the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being frorrr holding any office or place of profit, during pleafure, under the crown.

Cap. 11. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubjefts of his Majefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united ftates of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid united ftates.

Cap. 12. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qua-lify themfelves for offices and employments ; and to indemnify j.uftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes ; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or mifiaid ; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly flamped ; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors; and for indemnifying deputy heutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranfmit defcriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited bylaw; and for giving further time for that purpofe.

Cap. 13. For appointing commiffioners to put in execution an a£t of this feffion of parliament, (intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majefy by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety)> together with thofe named in two former adts for appointing commiffioners of the land tax.

Cap. 14. For continuing the encouragement and reward of perfons making certain dUcoveries for finding the longitude at

fea,

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fea, or making other ufeful difcoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto; and for adding a comtftiflioner to execute the feveral ads for the discovery of the longitude at fea.

Cap. 15. For raifing a certain fum of money by loans or ex* chequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 16. For raifing a further fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 17. For altering the time appointed for holding the fummer feffion in the court of felTicn in Scotland; and for altering Whitfuntide and Lammas terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

Cap. 18. To continue the feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the manufacture of leather by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of fuch bark fhalI exceed a certain rate; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent thefeducing of artificers and workmen, employed in thole manufactures, to go into parts beyond the Teas; and to the afcertaining the ftrength of fpirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

Cap. 19. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by Papifts,, and for relief of Proteftant purchafers.

Cap. 20. For rebuilding the parifh church and tower of Saint Thomas, within the city of BriJloL

Cap. 21. For better fupplying the city of Norwich, and the parts adjacent, with water.

Cap. 22. For the better relief and employment of the poor, within the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the county of Suffolk•

Cap. 23. To continue, fora limited time, an act made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to enable the lord high treafurer, or commiff oners of the trcafury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majejlys reign, on horfes let to hire for travelling pojl, and by time, to fuch perfons as Jhould be ivilling to contra ft for the fame.

Cap. 24. For enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 25. For paving and otherwife improving the town of Honiton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 26. To exempt goods and chattels imported from the fettiement of Yucatan in South America, and fold by auction in Great Britain, from the duty impofed on fuch Tales, and for allowing a drawback of the duties on goods exported to Yucatan.

Cap. 27. For encouraging new fettlers in his Majefty’s colonies and plantations in America.

Cap. 28. For permitting the importation of Cafbew gum* from his Majefty’s JFeJl India iflands, upon payment of the like

a 3	duty

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

duty as is paid upon the importation of gum Arabic, or gun\

Senega.

Cap. 29. For amending an adf, paffed in the twenty.feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for al-loiving the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the ifland 0/Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the if and of Grenada, in the port of Roleau in the i(land of Dominica, and in the port of Nailau in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama ifiands, under certain regulations and refiriftions \ and for regulating the duties on the importation of goods and commodities the growth and production of the countries bordering on the province of Quebec.

Cap. 30. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be railed by a lottery.

Cap. 31. To alter fo much of an adt, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second* intituled. An aft for the better preventing frauds and abufes in gold and fiver wares ; and alfo fo much of another adt, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefy certain duties on all gold and fiver plate imported, and alfo certain duties on all gold and filver wrought plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of filver wares.

Cap. 32. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund ; for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one thoufand /even hundred and ninety; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament.

Cap. 33. To amend and continue, for a limited time, feveral adts of parliament for regulating the Jhipping and carrying flaves in Britilh vejfels from the coaf of Africa.

Cap. 34. For giving relief to fuch perfons as Fave fuffered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy diffentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to his Majefty, and attachment to the Britifo government 5 for making compenfation to perfons who furnifhed proviftons, or other neceffary articles, to the army or navy in America during the war, or whofe property was ufeo, feized, ordeftroyed for the carrying on the pub-lick fervice there; and alfo for making compenfation to fuch perrons as have fuffered.in their properties, in confequence of the cdfion of the province of Eaf Florida to the king of Spain.

Cap. 35. To explain and amend an ad!, paffed in the twentieth year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, touching the election for knights of the iFire to ferve in parliament for that part or Great Britain called England.

Cap. 36. To alter, explain, and amend an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for limiting the number of perfons to be carried on the out fide of page coaches, or other carriages, and for regulating the condudt of the drivers and guards thereof.

Cap. 37.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 37. To continue two adts, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for' dijcontinuing, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland, upon low wines and [pints, and upon worts, wajh, and other liquors there ufed in the diftillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefy other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of Britifh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England ; and to continue, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, “ to difcontinue for a limited time, the payment of the duties , upon lota wines and Jpirits for home confumption; and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britifh Jpirits ; and for difcontinuing, for a limited time, certain impo/ls and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies;” and for amending the laid adt, made in the twenty-ninth year of his prefent Ma-jefty’s reign.

Cap. 38. For repealing the duties upon licences for retailing wine and fweets, and upon licences for retailing diftilled fpiri-tuous liquors, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 39. For making allowances to diftillers of low wines and fpirits from malt, corn, or grain, in Scotland, in refpedt of the duties impofed by an adt made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his. prefent Majefty.

Cap. 40. T o explain and amend an a eft, made in the laft feflion-of parliament, intituled, An aft for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof\

Cap. 41. For laying a duty on the importation from any of the provinces in North America, of rape feed, and all other feeds ufed for extracting oil* and for allowing the importation from the faid provinces of rape cakes, or cakes made of rape feed uled for manure, duty-free.

Cap. 42. To continue, for a limited time, certain provifions contained in an 261 made in this prefent ielTion of parliament, intituled, An aft for indemnifying oil perfons ivbo have been concerned in advijing or carrying into execution certain orders of council refpefting the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and alfo certain orders ifjuecl by the governor general of his Majefty s colonies in America; and for preventing fuits in confequence of the fame; and for making further provifions relative thereto, relating to the- importation and exportation of corn and grain ; and to authorife his Majefty to permit the exportation of corn, grain, meal, or flour; and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties.

Cap. 43. To authorife the commiflioners of the cuftoms to defray charges on feizures, out of his Majefty’s fhare of feizures in general.

Cap, 44. To enable his Majefty to fettle a certain annuity on the reverend Francis Willis dodtor of phyfick.

Cap. 45. For converting certain annuities, to be attended with the benefit of furvivorfhip in claffes, eftablifhed by an a6l of the Jaft feffion of parliament, into certain annuities for an abfolute

a 3	tern*

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

term of years, and for enabling the commiffioners of the trea-fury to nominate lives for the (hares fo converted.

Cap. 46. For fettling and fecuring a certain annuity for the ufe of the heirs and descendants of William Penn efquire, the original proprietor of the province of Pennfylvania, in consideration of the meritorious fervices of the faid William Penn, and of the Ioffes which his family have fuftained in confequence of the unhappy diffentions in America.

Cap. 47. For enabling his Majefty to authorife his governor or lieutenant governor of fuch places beyond the Teas, to which felons or other offenders may be tranfported, to remit the fen-tences of fuch offenders.

Cap. 48. For difcontinuing the judgement which has been required by law to be given againft women convicted of certain crimes, and fubftituting another judgement in lieu thereof.

Cap. 49. To impower juftices, and other perfons, to vifit parifh workhoufes or poor houfes, and examine and certify the ffate and condition of the poor therein to the quarter feftions.

Cap. 50. To continue and amend an aft, made in the twen-ty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An at1 for appointing commiffioners to enquire into the jlate and condition of the woods, forejls, and land revenues belonging to the crown; and to fell or alienate fee farm, and other unimprove able rents.

Cap. 51. For diverting out of the crown the reverfion in fee of and in certain hereditaments, heretofore the eftate of fir Roger Strickland knight, deceafed, in Catterick and Tunjlall, in the county of York ; and for verting the fame in the Several perfons entitled to the faid hereditaments; and for extinguishing and destroying a certain term of one hundred years, tor which the faid hereditaments were limited in truft for his late majefty King George the Firft, his heirs and fucceffors.

Cap. 52. Tor improving, continuing, and extending the navigation of the river Oufe, from Lewes Bridge, at the town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the parifh of Cuckfield, and to the extent of the faid pari(h of Cuckfield, and alfo of a branch of the faid river to Shortbridge, in the parifh of Fletching, in the county of Suffex.

Cap. 53. To alter, explain, amend, and render more effeftual, Several aft made for pavings cleanfing, and lighting the fquares> Jlreets, lanes ^ and other places, within the city and liberty ^’Weft-minfter, and parts adjacent; and for putting certain, ftreets therein mentioned, commonly called OptionalStreetsy under the management of parochial committees, fubjeft to the controul of the commiffioners appointed by or in purfuance of the faid feveral afts ; and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, obftruftions, and incroachments in the faid ftreets, and other places; and for other purpofes.

Cap. 54. For verting the eftate and property of the truftees of Wejhninfier fifh market in the marine Society, for the purpofes therein mentioned ; and for difcontinuing the powers of the faid truftees.

Cap. 55.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 55. Tp enable fir William Hamilton* knight of the mod honourable order of the bath, his heirs and afligns, to make and provide.quays, docks, piers, and other erections; and to efta-blilh a market, with proper roads and avenues thereto refpe&ively, within the manor or lordlhip of Hubberflon and Pill, in the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 56. To alter and amend an a<5f, parted in the laft feflion of parliament, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from near to Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erevvafh Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and alfo a collateral cut from the [aid intended canal* at or near Cod-nor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the fold county.

Cap. 57. For making and maintaining a navigable communication between Stoivmarket and Ipfpich* in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 58. For draining, dividing, and inclofir.g, certain moors, commons, or wake lands, called E ding ton* orherwife Burtle Moor, Eafl Heath, Weft Heath* and Clyde Batch, within the hamlet of Edington* and parilh of Moorlincb* in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 59. For more effedhially embanking the mar(h called Malldraeth and Corfddaugau* in the county of Angle fey* and draining and preferving the lame, and the inclofed low lands contiguous thereto.

Cap. 60. For effectually carrying into execution two a£ls, of the fixteenth and twenty-fifth years of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Stourbridge navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazely canal navigations, in the counties of JVorcefler and Stafford.

Cap. 61. For authoring and enabling the right honourable George earl of Mount Edgcnmbe and Reginald Pole Car civ efquire, to eftablilh and maintain a common ferry over and acrofs the river Tamer* between a certain place north of Plymouth Dock* in the parilh of Stoke Damarel in the county of Devon, and Tor point in the pari Hi of Antony Saint Jacob* other wife Antony in the Eajl* in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 62. For paving, cleanfing, lighting, and widening the ftreets, lanes, and partages; for removing and preventing encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances *, and for regulating the porters and drivers of carts, within the borough of Truro* and part of the adjoining parifhes in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 63. For preferving the works made for fupplying the town of Bradford* in the county of York* and part of the town* fhip of Horton, in the parilh of Bradford aforefaid, with water; for the more eafy recovery of the rents for the faid water; and to enable the proprietors thereof to borrow money for the improving fuch works.

Cap. 64. For eftablilhing a chapel at Ramfgate* in the parilh of Saint Laurence* in the Ifle of Thanet* in the county of Kent^ as $ chapel pf eafe to the church of the fame parilh.

a 4	Cap.	65.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 65. To enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary the line of the faid canal navigation; and to raife a further fum of money for the purpofe of completing the faid canal navigation; and for other purpofes.

Cap. 66. For paving, and otherwife improving, the city and town (hip of Peterborough.

Cap. 67. For paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the ftreets, lanes, ways, and publick paffages and places, within the city of Durham, and borough of Framwelgate, and the fuburbs thereof, and ftreets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, encroachments, and ob-ftru6tions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious feveral of the faid ftreets, lanes, ways, and publick paffages and places; and for regulating and improving the markets within the faid city and fuburbs.

Cap. 68. For better fupplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with water; and for more effectually lighting and cleanfing the ftreets and other places within the faid town and neighbourhood, and removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, encroachments, and obftrucftions therein.

Cap. 69. For amending and enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, an a<£! made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An oft for pulling down the church of Saint James at Cler ken well, in the county of Middlefex ; and for building a new churchy and making a new church yard, or cemetery, in the Jaid parijh, with convenient avenues and paffages thereto ; and for purchafing Pentonville chapel, and making the fame a chapel of eafe to the faid church.

Cap. 70. To amend an acft of the laft feffion of parliament, for providing an additional burial ground for the parijh of Saint James, Weftminfter, and erefting a chapel adjoining thereto,andafo a houfe for the refidence of a clergyman to officiate in burying the dead.

Cap. 71. For taking down the church and tower belonging to the parifh of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middle-fex, and for building another church and tower for the ufe of the faid parifh, and for making an additional cemetery or church yard.

Cap. 72. For taking down the church, chancel, and tower, belonging to the parifh of Banbury, in the county of Oxford, and for rebuilding the fame.

Cap. 73. For forming a junction between the Forth and Clyde navigation and the Monkland navigation; and for altering, enlarging, and explaining feveral former adls paffed for making and maintaining the faid navigations.

Cap. 74. To alter and amend an a<ft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An apt for the effectual draining and prefervation of Water-beach Level, in the county of Cambridge; and to eflablifo an agree-

merit

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

went made between the lord of the manor of' Waterbeach cum Denny and the commoners within the Jaid manor.

Cap. ’75. To enable the company of proprietors of the Stoffer djbire and JVorceJier/hire canal navigation, to improve the navigation of the river Severn, from Stourport, in the county of Worcefler, to a place called Digits, near the city of IVorcefter.

Cap. 76. For forming and keeping in repair the ftreets and other pubiick pafiages and places, within a certain diftridt, in the parilh of Saint Luke, Chelfea, in the county of Middlefex, called Hans Town, and for otherwife improving the fame.

Cap. 77. For the better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the city of Coventry, and the fuburbs thereof, and removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein; and for regulating the pubiick wells and pumps within the faid city and fuburbs.

Cap. 78. To continue an a£f, made in the fixth year of his prefect Majedy’s reign, intituled, An at7 to regulate the loading of Jbips with coals, in the ports fl/'Newcaftle and Sunderland.

Cap. 79. For rebuilding the parilh church of Eaft Grinjlead, in the county of Suffex,

Cap. 80. For providing a workhoufe for, and for the better relief and employment of, the poor of the parifh of Streathamy in the county of Surrey; and for appointing an additional over-feer for the better government of the poor of the faid parifh.

Cap. 81. For providing a new poor houfe for, and for the better relief and government of, the poor of the townlhip of Manchefer, in the county of Lancafer.

Cap. 82. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Merthyr Tidvile, to and through a place called The Bank, near the town of Cardiff\ in the county of Glamorgan.

Cap. 83. For impowering perfons navigating boats, barges, and other veffels, in the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, to hale or tow with horfes, or other beads, on the banks or lea walls of the faid river; and for making fatisfacHon to the owners of the faid banks or fea walls.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 84. To impower William Henry Campbell efquire, to (hut up a road and foot paths in the parilh of Lijlon, in the county of Effex; and to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future another road and foot path in lieu thereof.

Cap. 85. For continuing an adt of the tenth year of the reign of his preient Majefty,/?r amending the road from Saint Stephen’s Gate, in the city of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowfe, at the angle where the road divides, to Bixley and Kirby, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 86. For continuing an adl of the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending the road from Bilhopfgate Bridge, in the city <5/Norwich, to aJUne formerly called The Two

Mile

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Mile Stone, where the Norwich road joins the Caifter caufeway, tivo miles and a half floort of the town of Great Yarmouth.

Cap. 87. For continuing an ad of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and amending the road from Berftreet Gates, in the city 0/* Norwich, to New Buekenham, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 88. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad pafled in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairings widening, and altering the road from Macclesfield, in the county 0/Chefter, to the turnpike road at Rand|e-Carr Lane Head in Fernilee, in the county of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith.

Cap. 89. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of certain ads of parliament, for repairing the roads from Royfton, in the county 0/Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the county 0^ Huntingdon, and from the town ^Huntingdon to the caufeivay at or near the weft end of the town of Somerfham, in the county of Huntingdon, fo far as relates to the middle and fouth divifions, and feparate diftrid, of the faid roads.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad of the eighth year of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading to and through the town of Goudhurft, in the county of Kent,

Cap. 91. For enlarging the term of an ad of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, for repairings widening s and keeping in repairs feveral roads leading from Tavernfpite to the towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberfton Haking, in the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 92. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, paffed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the Leicefter and Welford turnpike roads in the counties of Leicefter and Northampton, near Fofton Lane, to the turnpike road leading from Hinckley to Afhby de’la Zouch, in the faid county of Leicefter; and for repairing and widening two pieces of road, called Hunt's Lane and Wood Lane9 in the parifhes of Desford and Newbold Verdon.

Cap. 93. For making and repairing the road from Newmiln Bridges by Foodie's Mills Inverkeithings Aberdour, Kirkcaldys Gal-latowns and Cameron Bridges to Crailly and other roads in the county of Fife.

Cap*. 94. For enlarging the term of feveral ads, made for repairing the roads from Slump Crofs to Newmarket Heaths and from Stump Crofs aforefaid to the end of the town of Trumping-tons next to Shelfords and from Shelf or d Pound to Wittlesford\ and for making more effedua! provifion for repairing the faid roads, and alfo one mile of the road between Trumpington and Cambridges commencing at the fouth end of Trumpington aforefaid ; and for amending the road from Chef erford Bridge to the end of Wittlesford next to Shelfords all in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 95. To enlarge the term and powers of fo much of an ad, made in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty?

as

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the borough of Dorchefter, in the county of Dorfet.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the terms, and altering the powers, of two adts, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads leading from Marlborough, through Weft Kennet to Sheppard's Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds, ia Beckhampton, to the top of Cherril Hill, and from the town of Avebury to the crofs way at Beckhampton, and from the turnpike gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the north fide of Swin~ don, to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunfden, in the county, of Wilis% ,ancl for diverting, turning, and altering part of the faid roads; and for repairing and widening the road on the weft fide of The Three Barrows, from the direction poft there, on the new road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the diftance of one mile from the faid direction poft weftward.

Cap. 97. For continuing the term, and enlarging, altering, and amending, the powers of an adt, made in the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairings ividening, and,keeping in repair, the road from New Chappell, in the county of Surrey, over Cop-thorn, in the county of Sufiex, through Lindfield, to the town of Ditchling, up to the top 0/Ditchling Bcft Hills, in the faid county of Sufiex.

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road from Rowde Ford to Red Hills and from Ghittoe Heath to the town of Caine * in the county of Wilts; and for repealing three aefts, made in the fecond and twenty-fifth years of the reign of his lare majefty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horftey Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hilly in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent.

Cap. 99. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of certain adts, made for repairing the road from Keighley, in the weft riding of the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Weftmorland, fo far as relates to fucli part of the faid road as lies within the county of York.

Cap. 100. For making, amending, and keeping in repair, the road from Fofbrook, in the parifti of Dill or n, through Dillorn, and from thence to or near to Chedleton, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 101. To enlarge the terms and powers of three feveral aSs, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Firft, the twenty-firft year of the reign of King George the Second, and the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Bromfgrove, in the county of Worcefier, to the town ^Birmingham, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 102. For making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Eve Hill near Dudley, to the New Inn, in the pavilh of Pattingham7 and from the turnpike road at or near

Street

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the S TATUTES.

Street End, in the parifh of Kingfwinford, to the turnpike road leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the counties of Wor-cejler, Salop, and Stafford.

Cap. 103. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Bigglefvvade, in the county of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Crofs Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the county of Huntingdon, and alfo the road leading out of the aforefaid road at or near the ferry houfe, in the parifh ^Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eyne-fbury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Crofs Hall Lane.

Cap. 104. For continuing and amending an a6f, of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen’s Gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the windmill in the town of Watton, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 105, To continue the term, and alter the powers, of fo much of two acts, made in the twenty-fifth and thirty-firft years of the reign of his lare Majefty, for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the roads lying within the county of Linlithgow.

Cap. 106. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, pafled in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from the Mayor’s Stone, in Abingdon, in the county of Berks, through Cum-ner, to the ancient horfe road at Swinford, in the faid county.

Cap. 107, To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act, pafted in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Cheadle to Botham Houfe, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 108. To continue the term, and alter the powers, of fo much of two acts, made in the twenty-fifth and thirty-firft years of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Linlithgow and Stirlings as relates to the roads lying within the county of Stirling; and for repairing the road from Loanhead to Saint Ninian's, in the faid county of Stirling.

Cap. 109. For repairing feveral roads in the counties of Stir~ ling and Dumbarton.

Cap. no. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Denbigh, to the turnpike road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the town of Moldy in the counties of Denbigh and Flint.

Cap. in. For enlarging the term and powers of an a£f, pafted in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from the end of the turnpike road in Shawbury, in the county of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the faid county; and from thence to Newcaftle under Line, in the county of 'Stafford, and from Shawbury aforefaid to the turnpike road in High Ercall, in the faid county of Salop, and from

ShaW-

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Shawbury aforefaid to Wcm, in the faid county ; and from thence to the turnpike road in Stand ford, in the faid county.

•Cap. 112. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, patted in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road'from Tunftall, in the county of Stafford, to Bofley, in the county ^/Chefter; and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the faid county of Stafford.

Cap. 113. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repair* ing, widening, and keeping in repair, the high roads leading from Alfreton, in the county of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain place in the town of Mansfield called Stockwell; and from the bridle gate, at the divifion of the liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the town of Sutton in Afhfield, to the Mansfield and Newark turnpike at or near Python Hill, in the foref of Sherwood, in the county 0/*Nottingham.

Cap. 114. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the eaft end of Bromham Bridge, in the county of Bedford, to the turnpike road leading from Wellingborough to Olney^ in the county of Bucks; and alfo the road from the faid turnpike road, at or near the fouth end of the town of Olney aforefaid, to the turnpike road leading from Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the fame county.

Cap. 115. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of certain ads for repairing the road from the town of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the turnpike road from Saint Albans to Bedford., and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Hertford and Bedford.

’ PRIVATE ACTS.

I.	/I N ad for dividing and inclofing the common cow pafture and common fen in the parifti of Pointon, in the county

of Lincoln.

2.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields and a ftinted pafture called Linton Pajlure, within the townlhip of Lin* ton, in the weft riding of the county of York.

3.	An ad for naturalizing Gottlob Goltheljf Schufler,

4.	An ad for veiling part of the freehold eftates devifed by the will of fames Money efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing thereby in the purchafe of other hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes as the eftates to be fold now ftand limited to.

5.	An ad to diffolve the marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot with Alicia Fowler, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

6.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons, fens, and

wafte

Hosted by

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

wafle lands, within the parifh of Old Buchnham, in the county

of Norfolk.

7.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields in the townfhip of Burton Leonard, in the county of York,

8.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral moors, commons, or wafte grounds, called Dunkcfwick Common, Hu by Com-rhon, Wefcoehill Common, and Weeton Green, within the manor and parifh of Harewood, in the county of

9.	An ad for dividing and allotting the intermixed or commonable lands and grounds, and common paftures or wafte lands, within the manor and parifh of Dibdcn, in the county of Southampton.

10.	An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and regulating the open fields, meadows, paftures, moors, commons, and

grounds in the parifh of North Collingham, in the county

of Nottingham.

11.	An ad for dividing and inclofing a certain common moor or tract of wafte ground called Killingworth Moor, in the parifil of Long Benton, in the county of Northimberland. '

12.	An act to enable Thomas Samwell Watfon Samwell efquire, (lately called Thomas Samwell Watfon) and his heirs male, to take the furname, and ufe the arms of Samwell, purfuant to the will of fir Thomas Samwell baronet, deceafed.

13.	An aft for naturalizing George Patfch, John Chriflian Hartwig Garbers,, and John Henry Pa/leur.

14.	An ad for naturalizing Julius George Bierbaum.

15.	An ad for naturalizing Noah Turmine.

16.	An ad for naturalizing Matthias Koops.

17.	An ad for embanking the common fait marfh within the pariihes of Terrington Saint Clement's, and Ter ring ton Saint John s, in the county of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclofing the fame, and other commons within the faid pariihes.

18.	An ad for dividing and allotting the open and common-able lands within the manor of Deverill Longbridge, Huffey De-verill, and Monkton DeverilU in the county of Wilts.

19.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parifil of Dormjlone, in the county of Worcefler.

20.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Harby, in the county of Leiceflerk

21.	An ad for naturalizing William Blaauw.

22.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, common meadows and paftures, common and wafte lands, in the liberty or lord fh ip of Mickleover, in the county of Derby.

23.	An ad for dividing and inclofing part of a certain common or wafte land, called Road Common, within the manor of Road and Longhorn, in the pariihes of Road and North Bradley, in the' counties of Somerfet and Wilts.

24.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and wafte

0	grounds.

Hostedby Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

grounds, within the manor of Bleatarn, in the parifli of Warcopj in the county of Westmorland.

25.	An ad to confirm and eftablifh the divifion, allotments, and inclofure, of the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, lying in the parilh of Cotgrave, in the county of Nottingham, and alfo feveral exchanges of lands within the faid parifh.

26.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Polebrook, in the county of Northampton.

27.	An ad for itnpowering the truftees of the moft noble Henry duke of Newcajlte to lay out part of his fettled money in the purchafe of a leafehold manor, meflliages, farms, lands, tythes, tenements, and hereditaments, lying intermixed, or convenient to be enjoyed, with his fettled eftates in the counties of Nottingham and York, upon the like trufts, and with the like powers, as his faid eftates now ftand fettled upon, or are fubjed or liable to,

28.	An ad for fale of part of the fettled eftates of Richard Wilfon efquire, deceafed, in the county of York, and for fettling other eftates, in the county of the city of York, in lieu thereof.

29.	An ad for vefting the fettled eftates of the reverend Stephen White, dodor of laws, in London, Middlefex, Surrey, and Hertfordjhire, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the purchafe money in other eftates to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for enabling the truftees in the mean time to grant building and repairing leafes.

■	30.	An	ad	to enable fir John Riddell baronet, to ufe-the fur-

name and arms of Buchanan, purfuant to the will of Archibald Buchanan efquire, deceafed, and for vefting certain eftates in the counties of Bedford and Bucks, devifed by the faid will to the ufes therein mentioned, in truftees to fell the fame, for difcharg-ing incumbrances thereon, and to lay out the refidue of the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of lands to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for other purpofes.

31.	An ad for exchanging the fettled eftate of the reverend John Tempter, in the county of Kent, for another eftate of greater value in the county of Devon, to be fettled in lieu thereof.

32.	An ad for fettling and fecuring the lands oi ^uintinefpie, Kirklands, and others, and the teinds, parfonage, and vicarage of the lands of R.edca(lle, and others, lying in the ftewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in favour of miftrefs Margaret Lawrie of Redcajile, widow of the deceafed Andrew Lawrie efquire of Red* cajlle, and the fame feries of heirs in fee tail, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained irv two deeds of entail, made in the years one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-feven and one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-three, by Mr. Walter Lawrie of Redcafle, and for vefting in the aforefaid miftrefs Margaret Lawrie, and her heirs and aftigns in fee fimple, the lands of Moot and Cairn, and others, in the county of Wigtotu

33-

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

33.	An ad for vefting certain parts of the fettled eftates of Thomas EJlcourt efquire, in the counties of Gloucefter and Wilts, in truftees, to be fold and exchanged, and for laying out part of the money arifing by fale in other eftates, to be fettled to the lame ufes,.and for applying the refidue in difcharge of incumbrances.

34.	An ad to efFcduate and eftablilh an exchange between William Colhoun efquire, with the provoft and college of Eton, of the advowfon and right of patronage of and to the confolidated or united redories of Greeting All Saints and Creeting Saint Olaves, in the county of Suffolk, for the advowfon and right of patronage of and to the redory of Eaft Wretham, in the county of Norfolk.

35.	An ad to effeduate and eftablifh an exchange between William Colhoun efquire, and the provoft and fcholars of the King’s college of Bleffed Mary and Saint Nicholas, of Cambridge, of the advowfon and right of patronage of and to the redory of Hepivortk, in the county of Suffolk, and certain pieces of land and hereditaments in Hepworth aforefaid, for the advowfon and right of patronage of and to the redory of Weft Wretham, in the county of Norfolk.

36.	An ad for vefting part of the fettled eftates of the mod noble Charles duke of Norfolkin the county of Suffex, in him the faid duke, in fee, and for fettling other eftates of the faid duke, in the fame county, of equal or greater value, in lieu thereof.

37.	An ad for vefting the manor of Fifherton Delamere other-wife Fifherton Delamore, and other hereditaments in the county of Wilts, devifed by the will of the moft noble Charles formerly duke of Bolton, with the appurtenances, in truftees, difcharged of the ufes and trufts of the faid will, for the purpofe of more effedually carrying into execution certain decrees or decretal orders of the court of chancery for the fale of the faid eftates..

38.	An ad to confirm a leafe lately made by Henry Nevill, earl of Abergavenny, of certain entailed mines, and other hereditaments, in the county of Monmouth, and to enable granting future leafes of the faid entailed mines, and other hereditaments, and alfo of all other eftates of which the faid earl is feized, as tenant in tail male, under an ad of parliament palled in the fe-cond and third years of the reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the limitations in the laft will of George lord Abergavenny, in the faid ad of Philip and Mary mentioned.

39.	An ad for vefting the fettled eftates of Richard Hatchett efquire, and Katharine his wife, in the county of Chejler, and part of their fettled eftates in the county of Salop, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the purchafe money in other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

40.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, heath, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Bowbrickhill and hamlet of Fenny Stratford, in the county of Buckingham.

41.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, and commonable places in the parifh Qi Lutterworthy in the county of Leicefter•

42. An

Hosted by;

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

42.	An acft for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and regulating, certain open fields, meadows, paftures, carrs, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townfhip and liberty of Claywortb, in the parifti of Claywortb, in the county of Nottingham.

43.	An acft for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain commons and wafte lands, and alfo a certain open common meadow within the manors of Whycburcb and Milborne, and Little Somerford, in the county of Wilts.

44.	An acft for dividing and inclofing Tickton carr, or common, in the county of York.

45.	An a<ft for dividing and allotting feveral open and common lands and grounds, within the parifhes of Great Bedwiny Little Bedwiny and Prejhute in the county of Wilts.

46.	An acft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, ings, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor and townfhip of Hutton Bujhell, in the north riding of the county of York.

47.	An acft for naturalizing Franfoife Antoinette De Luc.

48.	An a<ft for naturalizing Augujl Leberecht Schonberg.

49.	An act for the partition of divers mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in Skendleby, and other parifhes, in the county of Lincoln, in which fir Peter Burrell baronet, in right of the right honourable Prifcilla Barbara Elizabeth, baronefs Willoughby of Erejby, his wife, and the reverend Edward Brackenbury, have now undivided moieties, or half parts.

The End of the T ABLE.

Vol. XXXVII.	b	THE

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

THE

STATUTES at Large, Ac.

Anno	regni GEORGII III. ,

nee Britannia	Fran, ,

tricejimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter, the eighteenth day of May Anno Domini 1784,	in the twenty-fourth year of the reign

of our fovereign lord GEORGE Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by federal prorogations and adjournments, to the	twenty frf day of January 1790;	the Jeventh

fefion of	the fxteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An aft for indemnifying all perfons who have been concerned in ad~ vifing or carrying into execution certain orders of councilrefpeft-ing the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and aljo certain order* ijfued by the governor general of his Majfly's colonies in America * and for preventing fuits in confequence of the fame, and for making further provifons relative thereto.

WHEREAS his Majejly, by an order in council, bearing date Preamble, the twenty-third day of December one thoufand feven him- Order of his dred and eighty-nine, was pleafed to order that no perfon or perfons Majefty in zuhatever Jhould, from and after the publication of that order in the	%

London Gazette, until further order, direftly or indircftly expert, recit^d, 7 ^ tranfport, carry, or convey, or caitfe or procure to be exported, tranf-ported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any fori or place in Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any Jhip, veffel, or boat, in order to be exported or car~

Vol. XXXVII.	B	Tied

Hosted by Google

2

Order of priv council of Jan.2, i790j Recited.

13 Geo. 3,

c* 4-3*

Anno regni tricefimo GEORGli III. c, 1.	[1790.

r'ted out of any port or place in Great Britain, any wheats wheat-four, rye, rye-meal, barky, barley-meal, malt, bread, bifcuit, oats, oatmeal, and beans; his Majcjly did neverthelefs think fit to order, and did thereby order that nothing therein contained Jhoiild extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons to Jhip or put on board any of the articles aforefaid, to be carried coaftwife; that is to Jay, From any port, creek, member, or part of the kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port, creek, or member of the fame, having fuch or the like coaft cocquet or fujferance for that purpoje, on fuch or the like fujfficient fecurity being firjl given for the landing and dfcharging of the fa?ne in fome other port, member, creek, or part of the faid kingdom, and returning a certificate in fix months, as is required by law, in cafes where goods which are liable to pay duties on exportation are carried coafiwife from one port of Great Britain to another; nor to prohibit fuch or fo much of any of the aforefaid articles as fhould be necejfary from being exported or carried out in any Jhips or veffels in their voyage out and home, for the fufienance of the perfons on board of fuch Jhips or veffels only, or for victualling or providing any of his Majejly s Jhips of war, or other Jhips in his Majeftfs jervice, or for the ufe of his Majefifs forces, forts, or ghrrifons-, and his Majefty was further pleafed to order, as- it was thereby ordered by the advice aforefaid, that from and after the publication of that order in the London Gazette, and until further order, the importation of wheat, wheat-four, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, and oatmeal, Jhoidd be allowed into the ports of that part of Great Britain called England, and into the ports of Wales, and into Berwick upon Tweed, upon payment of the duties commonly Y called The Low Duties only : and whereas the lords of his Majefty s mo ft honourable privy council, by an order bearing date the fecond day ■of January I aft, were pleafed to order that all foreign corn and grain, and flour and meal, which had been imported into this kingdom, and zvhich was then warehoufed, or which Jhould thereafter be imported and warehoufed under the joint locks of the King, and the importer or proprietor ofjuch corn, grain, flour, and meal, according to law, Jhould be allowed to be re-exported fromfuch warehoufes, under the Jeveral regulations, conditions, and rejlriftions, of an aft paflfed in the thirteenth year ojhis prejent Majefty s reign, (intituled, An a£f to regulate the importation and exportation of corn,) and that all foreign corn and grain, a?idflour and meal, and alfo all Britifh corn, grain, peaje, beans, malt, flour, oatmeal, bread, and bifcuit, zvhich were rejpet lively entered for exportation according to law, in the port London, before the publication of his Ala)eftf s faid order in council in the London Gazette, or zvhich ivere refpeftively entered for exportation according to law in the Jeveral other ports or places in this kingdom, before the collectors of the cujloms at the faid Jeveral ports or places had received his Alaje/ids Jaid order in council, Jhould be allowed to be exported from this kingdom; and that the Jeveral Jhips then in the port of London, ■which were laden with wheat and meal, flour, bread, and bifcuit, before the publication of bis Majejlf s faid order in council in the London Gazette, and which zvere refpeftively entered according to lazv for exportation to his Majefly’s fugar colonies in America, under the fever al regulations, conditions, and reft rift ions contained in an aft

Hosted by Goo; :

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c, 1;	3

paffied in the fourteenth year of hisjaid Majejlfs reign, (intituled, An i4Geo.3.c.5. aft to allow the exportation of corn, grain, and other articles* to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America; and to extend the pro-vifions of an aft made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled,

An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, allowing the exportation of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, to the iflands of Guernfey and Jerfey, to bread, bifcuit, and peafe; and to allow the exportation of all the faid articles to the ifland oi Alder -ney), Jhould he allowed to proceed to their refpeftive ports of delivery in the fugar colonies aforefaid, and that the feveral /hips then in the port of London, which were laden with any other fort of corn and grainy peafe, or beans, ground or unground, malt or oatmeal\ before the publication of his Majejlfs faid order in council in the London Gazette, or which were Jo laden in any other port or place in this kingdom., before the collectors of the cujloiris at thofe ports refpeftively had received his Majejlfs faid order in council, and vjhich were refpeftively entered according to law for exportation to his Majejlf s faid fugar colonies in America, under the feveral regulations, conditions, and re-Jlriftions contained in the faid before recited aft, pajfed in the four teenth year of his Jaid Majejlf s reigny Jhould be allowed to proceed to their refpeftive points of delivery in the fugar colonies aforefaid: and Order of whereas the lords of his Majejlf s mojl honourable privy council, by an {J^°unci. order bearing date on the eighth day of January lajly were further I 790> recited* pleafed to order, that all malt declared or made for exportation o?i or before the twenty-eighth day ^December one thoufandfeven hundred and eighty-nine, might be exported, provided the proprietor or proprietors thereof Jhould produce to the collector or chief officer of the cijloms, at the port where fuch malt Jhould be exported, a certificate or certificates from the officer or officers of the excife ivith ivhom the entry of the corny intended to be ?nade into fuch malt for exportation, was madey that the faid malt was aftually declared or made for exportation on or bej'ore the faid twenty-eighth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine: and whereas his MajeJlyy by an order Order of his in councily bearing date the eleventh day of November one thoufand Majefty in^ feven hundred and eighty -nine, was pleajed to order, that an additional	„

quantity of grain or floury according to the proportion ejlahlijhed by law, recited/ * * not exceeding feven hundred and fifty quarters, Jhould be permitted to be J.hipped at the port of Southampton, and exported to the ifa?id of Jerfey, for the ufe of the inhabitants of that iflandy and his Majejlfs troops Jlationed there, up to the twenty-fifth day of December then nexty upon fecurity being firjl given for the due landing of fuch grain and flour in the faid ifland of Jerfey, and producing certificates thereof in the manner directed by the aft paffied in the fourteenth year of his Majejlfs reigny (intituled, An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn:) and whereas his Majejly, by another order in Another or-coiincif bearing date the eighteenth day of November one thoufand der of his feven hundred and eighty-nine, was pleafed to order, that an additional Majefty in^ quantity offloury not exceeding three hundred Jacks, Jhould be permitted	igq

to be /hipped at the port of Southampton, and exported to the faid recited/ 1 ifland of Guernfey, for the ufe of the inhabitants of that iflandy and of his Majejlfs troops Jlationed therey up Jo the twenty-fifth day of

B 2	December

Hosted by Google

All fuits for a<5ts done under the recited orders to be diichayged.

4	AnnO regni tnceftmo Geokgii III. c. r. [1790.

December then next, upon fecurity being fir ft given for the due land-ing of fuel) flour in the faid if and of G uernfey, and producing certificates, thereof in the inanner directed by the aft pajfed in the fourteenth year of his Majeffs reign, (intituled, An a£fc to regulate the im* Order of lord portation and exportation of corn:) and whereas the right honour* 1 *’T^recTeT a^e ^orc^ Dorchefter, governor and captain general of his Ma-1	jefty’s colonies in North America, did, in the year one thoufandfeven

hundred and eighty-nine, order and dir eft that flour, meal, bifeuit, rice, and Indian corn, might be imported into the province of Quebec, by Jea, fro?n the united fates of America, in Brififh bottoms navigated according to law, to the clofe of that year's navigation: and whereas the feveral orders aforefaid cannot be jufifled by law, but were fo much for the fervice of the publick, and fo neceffary for the fafety and prefervation of his Majeffs fubjefts, that they ought to be jufifled by aft of parliament, and all perfons iffuing, adviflng, or afting wider, or in obedience to the faid orders refpeftively, indemnified; be it therefore enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all perfonal actions and fuits, indi<3> ments, informations, and all profecutions arid proceedings what-feever, which have been of fhall be profecuted or commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for or by reafon of any a£l, matter, or thing, advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the faid feveral orders, or any of them, or of any contradl or agreement not performed by reafon or by means of, or in obedience to, fuch Orders of council, or any of them, be, are and fhall be difeharged and made void by virtue of this aand that if any adlion or fuit fhall be profecuted or commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for or by reafon of any fuch a£l, matter, or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or fuch contrail or agreement not General iffue. performed, he, fhe or they may plead the general ifliie, and give If plaintiffs this acl and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or in ailions^pro- plaintiffs, in any ailion or fuit fo to be profecuted or commenced Great Britain a*ter t^ie twenty-fecond day of February one thoufand feven hun-atterFeb. 22, dred and ninety, in that part of Great Britain called England, or and in Quebec after the ffrft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, at ter July 1, }n tbe province of Quebec, fhall become rtonfuit, or forbear farther 1790, ecome profecutjon? or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdiil pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall recover his, her, or their double coffs, for which he, flic, or they fhal! have the like remedy as in cafes where the coffs by law are given to defendants ; arid if any fuch action or luit as aforefaid fhall be commenced or profecuted after the faid twenty-lecond day cf February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before which fuch action or fuit fhall be commenced or profecuted fhall allow to the defender the benefit of the difeharge and indemnity hereby provided, and fhall further allow him his double coffs of fuit, in all fuch cafes as aforefaid*

II. And

c79° . nonfuit, the defendants to recover double cofls.

Hosted by Google

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. i.	5

II,	And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if Defendants in any aftion or fuit hath been already commenced againft any per- aftdonsal-fon or perfons for any fuch aft, matter, or thing, fo advifed, com- menced, may* manded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or on ac- apply to the count of any fuch contraft or agreement not performed, it fhall court to ftay and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in fuch aftions Proceedings. or fuits refpeftively, in whatever courts in Great Britain, or in his Majefty’s province of ^uebecy fuch aftions or fuits fhall have been commenced, to apply to fuch court or courts refpeftively to ftay

all proceedings therein refpeftively, by motion in a fummary way, and fuch court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpofe accordingly; and the court or courts making fuch order fhall award and allow, to the defendants or defenders refpeftively, double cofts of fuit, for which’ they fhall refpeftively have the like remedy as in cafes where the cofts are by lav/ given to defendants or defenders.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Wheat, 8ccv-no perfon or perfons whatever fhall, direftly orindireftly, export, exported out tranfport, carry, or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported, ^iP^r ilh^t tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any port or place tpat within the kingdom of Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or tent, to be for** caufe or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any fhip, veftel, feited, as alfo or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, the

out of any port or place in Great Britain, any wheat, wheat-flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, malt, bread, bifcuit, oats, oatmeal, peafe, or beans, under the penalties and forfeitures hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, That all and every the faid commodities, which fhall be fo exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, or fo loaded or laid on board in any fhip, or other veftel or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, or carried out of the kingdom of Great Britain, contrary to this aft, fhall be forfeited, and that every offender or offenders therein fhall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every bufhel of wheat,, wheat'flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, malt, oats, oatmeal, peafe, and beans, and twelve-pence for every pound weight of bread or bifcuit which fhall be fo exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, or fo loaded or laid on board in any fhip, or other veftel or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the faid kingdom of Great Britain, and alfo the fhip, veftel, or boat, in or on board of which any of the faid articles hereinbefore fpecified fhall be fo refpeftively exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, or in or upon which any of the faid refpeftive articles fhall be fo loaded or laid, in order to be fo exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, and all her guns, furniture, ammu^ nition, tackle, and apparel, fhall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and one moiety of all the faid penalties and forfeitures fhall be to the King’s ma- Application jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or of penalties; them who fhall fue for the fame; and for offences which fhall be ^re to°be r committed in that part of Great Britain called England, fuch pe- covei^j# nalties and forfeitures fhall be recovered hy* aftion of debt, bill,

B 3	plaint.

Hosted by Google

Matters or

Anno regni tricefimo GeoRGH III. c. I. [1796,

plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler; or, where the value of fuch penalties or forfeitures (hall not exceed the fum of fifty pounds, the fame fhail and may be recovered by information at any general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, or place where the offence fhail have been committed, and in fuch fuit, no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, fhail be allowed; and for offences which fhail be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the fame fhail and may be recovered by aftion, or fummary bill on information in the courts of fefTion or exchequer in Scotland; or where the value of fuch penalties or forfeitures fhail not exceed the fum of fifty pounds, the fame fhail and may be recovered by fummary bill or information at any general quarter feffions of the peace, by aftion in the fhe-riffs or ftewards court of the county or ftewartry where the of-mariners hav- fence fhail be committed; and that the matter and mariners of ingknowledge any fuch fhip, veffel, or boat, wherein any fuch offence fhail be of offences committed, having knowledge of fuch offence, and wittingly ai^and aid- anc* w^ngty aiding and aftifting therein, and being thereof duly ing'therein, to convifted in any fuch courts refpeftively as aforefaid, fhail be im-be imprifoned. prifoned for the fpace of three months, without bail or mainprize. The articles IV. Provided always, That this aft, or any thing herein con-herein enume- tained, fhail not extend, or be confirmed or deemed to extend, to rated may be prohibit any of the feveral articles herein enumerated from being carried coaftwife, nor to prohibit the exportation of fo much of the faid feveral articles refpeftively as fhail be neceffary to be carried in any fhip or fhips, or other veffel or veffels, on their re-fpeftive voyages out and home, for the fuftenance, diet, and fup-port of the commanders, matters, mariners, paffengers, or others, in the fame fhips or veffels only, or for the viftualling or providing any of his Majefty’s fhips of war, or other fhips or veffels in his Majefty’s fervice, or for his Majefty’s forces, forts, or gar-rifons, or to Gibraltar, Saint Helena, the iflands of Guernfey, ferfey, Alderney, and the IJle of Man, for the fuftenance and ufe of the inhabitants thereof; nor to prohibit the exportation of the fame refpeftively to the Britijh forts, cattles, or faftories in Africa, for the fupport of the psrfons refiding therein, or for the ufe of fhips or veffels trading on that coafi: that have been ufually fup-plied with the fame from Great Britain; nor to prohibit the exportation of the fame refpeftively to the ifiand o 1 Newfaujtdland, for the benefit of the Britifa fifhery there, or to HudfoAs Bay in North America, for the benefit of the Hudfon's Bay company and their fervants refiding there, or to the bay of Honduras, for the fuftenance and ufe of the Britifo fettlers there, of luch forts and kinds only refpeftively, and only in fuch quantities and proportions refpeftively, and under and fubjeft to all fuch terms, conditions, provifions, fecurities, rules, regulations, reftfiftions, penalties, and forfeitures as are now direfted, provided, and efta-blifhed, touching and refpefting the exportation of the feveral articles aforefaid refpeftively to the feveral places aforefaid refpeftively, by any aft or afts of parliament now in force.

carried coaft-wife, or for the diet of prews, &c.

Hosted by Google

1790.3	Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 1.	7

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That nothing in The articles this ad! contained fhall extend, or be conftrued or deemed to ex- herein-after tend, to prohibit the feveral articles herein-after expreffed being may^e^x-exported out of and from the ports of London, Brijhl, Liverpool, ported from or Glafgoiv, and none other, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in London, &c. America, for the fuftenan'ce and ufe of the inhabitants of the Ihid to the fugar colonies, fo as the whole quantity, to be fo exported before the Ame^ic^in fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, do not the quantities exceed the feveral quantities hereafter refpedfively limited; that herein fpeci-is to fay. Five thoufand and fifty-feven quarters of beans, two fiecb thoufand feven hundred and eighty quarters of oats, one thoufand

one hundred and lixty quarters of oatmeal, eight hundred and fifteen quarters of peafe, one hundred and fixty-ieven quarters of rye, two hundred and eighty-five quarters of wheat, and eight thoufand nine hundred and twenty-two quarters of wheat-flour; which quantities fhall be exported in fucfi proportions refpec-tively, from fuch of the before mentioned ports refpedfively, to fuch of the faid fugar colonies refpecbvely, as fhall be dired!ed by the lords of the committee of his Majefty’s privy council appointed for the confideration of all matters relating to trade and foreign plantations, and under and fubjed! to all fuch terms, conditions, provifions? fecurities, rules, regulations, reftrid!ions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which fuch articles are refpedfively fubjed! by any ad! or adts of parliament in force for the exportation of corn, grain, or flour to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America,

VI.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this ad! contained fhall Foreign corn, extend, or be conftrued or deemed to extend, to prevent any

foreign corn and grain, and flour and meal, which is now or maybe'ex-* which fhall hereafter be warehoufed, under the joint locks of the ported ffonx King and of the importer or proprietor of fuch corn, grain, flour, fuch ware-and meal, in manner diredled by an ad! paffed in the thirteenth houfe. year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, from being exported from Great Britain; but that the fame fhall and may be exported diredfly from the warehoufe or warehoufes wherein the fame re-fpedtively now are, or hereafter fhall be, fecured in manner afore-laid, under the feveral rules, regulations, conditions, reftridlions, penalties, and forfeitures, under which fuch foreign corn and grain, flour and meal, fo warehoufed in purfuance of the afore-, faid ad! of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, may be exported, by the feveral laws now in force ; nor to prevent Foreign or any foreign corn and grain, and flour and meal, nor*any BritiJJo Britiih corn, corn, grain, peafe, beans, malt, flour, oatmeal, bread, and bif- 0rC]0ea^eec|eat cuit, which were reipedtively entered for exportation, or loaded London for or laid on board of any fhip, veffel, or boat for exportation, ac- exportation, cording to law, in the port of London, before the publication of before the ^ his Majefty’s faid order in council, dated the twenty-third day of thVo^^te11 December one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, in the ancj at other London Gazette, or which were refpedtively entered for .exporta- ports, before

tion, or loaded or laid on-board of any fh'ip, veffel, or boat for the receipt at

P ,	the cuftoms

^ 4	expo	-	tjie onjer

Hosted by

Google

in council of Dec. 23,1789, may be exported.

Malt made or declared for exportation before Dec. 519,1789, may be exported, on certificate from the ex-cife officer.

$hips at London laden with wheat, See. for the fugar colonies in America before the publication in the Gazette, and at other ports before the receipt at the cuftoms, of the order in council of Dec. 23, 1789, may proceed on their voyages.

Wheat, See. may be imported into England,

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 1, [1790.

exportation, according to law, in the feveral other ports or places in Great Britain^ before the collectors of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the faid feveral ports or places had received his Majefty’s faid order in council, dated the twenty-third day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, but that the fame (hall and may be exported from Great Britain, under the feveral fecu-rities, rules, regulations, conditions, reftri&ions, penalties, and forfeitures, under which fuch foreign corn and grain, and flour and meal, or fuch Britijh corn, grain, peafe, beans, malt, flour, oatmeal, bread, and bifeuit, may be exported by the feveral laws now in force.

VII.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aCt contained fhall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to prohibit the exportation of fuch malt as fhall have been made or declared for exportation, on or before the twenty-eighth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, upon the proprietor or proprietors of fuch malt as aforefard producing to the collector or chief officer of the cuftoms, at the port where fuch malt as afore-faid fhall be exported, a certificate or certificates, from the officer or officers of the excife with whom the entry of the corn intended to be made into fuch malt as aforefaid for exportation fhall have been made, that fuch malt was actually declared or made for exportation on or before the twenty-eighth day of December, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this a (ft contained fhall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to prevent the feveral {hips or veflels now in the port of London, which were laden with wheat and meal, flour, bread and bifeuit, before the publication of his Majefty’s faid order in council, dated the twenty-third day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, in the London Gazette^ and which were refpedtively entered according to law for exportation to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, from proceeding to their refpeCtive ports of delivery in the fugar colonies aforefaid; nor to hinder the feveral /hips now in the faid port of London, which were laden with any other fort of corn and grain, peafe or beans, ground or unground, malt or oatmeal, before the publication of his Majefty’s faid order in council, dated the twenty-third day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, in the London Gazette, or which were fo laden in any other port or place in Great Britain, before the collectors of his Majefty’s cuftoms at thofe ports refpeClively had received that order of his Majefty in council, and which were refpeCtively entered according to law for exportation to his Majefty’s faid fugar colonies in America, from proceeding to their refpeCtive ports of delivery, under the feveral fecurities, rules, regulations, conditions, reftriCtions, penalties, and forfeitures, under which the fame articles may be exported refpeCtively to his Majefty’s fugar colonies aforefaid, by any law now in force.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatever to import into any of the ports of that part of Great Britain calle4

England,

Hosted by Google

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c, 1.	9

England., or into the ports of Wales, or into the port of Berwick Wales, and upon Tweed., any wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye meal, barley, barley Berwick upon meal, oats, and oatmeal, peafe and beans, and the fame {hall and	of

may be refpeftively delivered to the proprietor or proprietors the low du-thereof, on payment of the duties commonly called The Low ties.

Duties, and none other • any law or ftatute to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That as often Wheat, See. as any wheat, or wheat flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer, imported on bigg, or oats, {hall be imported, on payment of the duties com- ties^ancf^U~ monly called The Low Duties, into any of the ports where the mjght fame, if imported at a time when the higher duties were payable, have been might by law have been lodged and fecured under the joint locks warehoufed of the King, and the importer or proprietor, fuch corn, grain,

or flour, {hall, if the fame {hall be required by the importer or ^y^e proprietor thereof, be landed from on board the fhip or veflel ia warehoufed, the prefence of the proper officer or officers, and after a due ac- &c. count thereof taken by the proper officer of the cuftoms {hall be immediately lodged and fecured, under the joint locks of the King, and the importer or proprietor of fuch corn, grain, or flour, in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes as {hall be for that pur-pofe provided, at the foie expence of the (aid importer or proprietor, with the approbation and under the care and inlpeftion of the commiffioners of the cuftoms, or any three or more of them, or the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms for the port where fuch corn, grain, or flour, {hall be imported, there to be kept, and not delivered or taken out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, but in the fame manner, and under the fame conditions, fecurities, regulations, rules, reftriftions, and penalties, as are provided in the faid aft pafled in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, refpefting corn, grain, or flour, lodged and fecured under the joint locks of the King, and the importer or proprietor.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if any Wheat, &c. wheat, or wheat-flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or which has oats, {hall have been hitherto imported on payment of the duties ^rtfd and commonly called The Low Duties, and {hall have been landed warehoufed from on board the (hip or veflel in which the fame was imported under the

in the prefence of the proper officers of the cuftoms, and {hall

have been by fuch officer or officers immediately lodged and cuftoms and

fecured in a warehoufe or warehoufes, under the joint locks of the importer,

him or them, and of the importer or proprietor, fuch wheat, may be de-

wheat-flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, {hall hvered under

be confidered as having been warehoufed under the joint locks of Hie reS^la*

1	T7--	1	1	•	J	*	tions of 13

the King, and the importer or proprietor, according to the direc- Geo. 3. c. 43.

tions of the faid a ft paffed in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty, and may be delivered and taken out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, in the fame manner, and under the fame conditions, fecurities, regulations, reftriftions, and penalties, as are provided in the faid laft mentioned aft.

XII* And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this

aft

Hosted by

Google

io	Anno	regni	tricefimo	Georgii	III.	c.	2—8.	[1790.

Aft to continue in force , till Sept. 29, 3790, and may be altered,

&c. in the prefent feffion.

a<9: {hall continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety; and may be altered, varied, or repealed by any or a£ts to be made in this prefent feffion of parliament.

CAP. IL

An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.—4s. in the pound in England, to raife 1)989,6731. 7s. lod. iq. in Scotland, 47,954!. is. ad.—Total 2,037,627!. 9s. od. iq.

CAP. III.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.—1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued till June 24, 1791.

CAP. IV.

An aft for taking off the duties upon unwrought tin exported to any of the countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope.

From March 1, 1790, no duty of cuftoms to be payable on unwrought tin exported to any place beyond the Cape of Good Hope, provided bond be given for landing it beyond the Cape. Such bonds fhall be difeharged on a certificate from the Supercargo of the Eaft India company, if landed in China; or from the governor, or two of the council, if landed in the company's fettlements; or from two principal merchants, if beyond the Cape of Good Hope where the company have no fettlement; which certificate to be produced to the colleftor or comptroller of the cuftoms in England in thirty months.

CAP. V.

An aft: for continuing the term of fo much of an aft, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (chap. 18.) as relates to the rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.—Continued till May 15,1792*

CAP. VI.

An aft for punifhing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 17,448, including; 1,620 invalids.

C A P. VII.

An aft for the regulation of his Majefty*$ marine forces while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An aft to amend two afts, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; the one intituled, An aft for regulating the trade between the fubjefts of his Majefty's colonies and plantations in North America, and in the Weft India iflands, and the countries belonging to the united ftates of America; and between his Majefty's faid fubjefts and the foreign iflands in the Weft Indies ; and the other intituled, An aft to allow the importation of rum, or other fpirits, from his Majefty's colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, into the province of Quebec, without payment of duty, under certain conditions and reftriftions.

28 Geo. 3. c. 6. recited. In cafe of emergency, the governor of Quebec, with the confent of the council, may authorife the importation by fea or coaftwife of neat cattle, &c. from the united ftates, by Britifh fubjefts, in Britifh built fhips, See. 28 Geo. 3. c. 39. recited. Lumber, &c. exported under the recited aft (except white oak ftaves) to be of the produce of Quebec. Goods forfeited may be feized by officers of cuftoms, or commanders

Hosted by Google

It

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 9,10.

manders of the King’s {hips, or any officer fpecially authorifed by them $ to be recovered and applied to the cuftoms, either in this kingdom, or in North America, or the Weft Indies, as the cafe may happen. Commencement of a<ft May 1, 1790.

CAP. IX.

An a<5t for defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.— Continued annually.

CAP. X.

An afi for the better fupport of the dignity of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons ; and for d fabling the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being from holding any office or place of profit, during pleafure, under the crown.

Moft gracious Sovereign.

WE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the com- Preamble, mons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, being de-firous' of making provifion for enabling the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being more effe&ually to fupport the dignity of the faid office, and the expence neceflarily attending the fame; and having refolved that, for that purpofe, the lords commiffioners of the treafury fhould be authorifed to direft, from time to time, a fum to be iflued at the exchequer, which, together with the fees and allowances of five pounds per day, now payable on account of the faid office, may amount to the clear yearly fum of fix thoufand pounds, do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the fecretary of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons Thefpeaker’s for the time being, or fuch other officer or perfon as the fpeaker	thc

fhall appoint, {hall, as foon as conveniently may be after the ex- treafury,°atC piration of the quarter ending on the fifth day of April one thou- the times fand feven hundred and ninety, deliver to the lord high treafurer, herein men-or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, an account, oftheG" figned by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, of the fees which fees received., fhall have been received on account of the fpeaker of the houfe and fums due of commons, between the twenty-fifth day of December one thou- or received of fand feven hundred and eighty-mine, and the twenty-fifth day of to^he^eak^r March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety; and alfo an ac- 0utofthe count of fuch fum as fhall have been received, or which fhall be civil lift, due and payable at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, out of his Majefty’s civil lift revenues, on the allowance of five pounds per day ufually made to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being, for the fame period; and that the fecretary of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being, or fuch other officer or perfon as the fpeaker fhall appoint, fhall alfo, feven days at leaft before the expiration of the quarters ending

on

Hosted by Google

12

If the fees, and the fum received or due to the fpeaker from the civil lift, within any of the periods before-mentioned, fhall exceed 1,500!. the excels to be carried to the account of the next quarter, See.

Anno regni tricefimo Geqrqii III. c, 19. [1790.

on the fifth day of Julyy the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, and the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, deliver a like account of the fees which fhall have been received on account of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and of the fum which (hall have been received, or which fhall be due and payable on the allowance of five pounds per day, as aforefaid, between the twenty-fifth day of March and the twenty-fourth day o {June, between the twenty-fourth day of Juju and the twenty-ninth day of September, and between the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety reflectively, and fo in like manner in every fucceeding quarter.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if at any time the amount of the fums received under the head of fees, and of the fum which fhall have been received, or fhall be due and payable at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, on the allowance of five pounds per day, within any of the (aid periods, for which the accounts hereby directed to be delivered in are required to be computed, fhall exceed the clear fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds, fuch excefs fhall be carried to the account to be delivered in previous to the next enfuing quarter, as fo much money received by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, to be added to the feveral receipts under the head of fees, or fums received or due and payable at the exchequer as aforefaid, within the period of the faid next enfuing account; and if at any time the amount of the fums received under the head of fees, and

which fhall have been received, or fhall be due and payable at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, on the allowance of five pounds per day, within any of the faid periods, for which the ac-eounts hereby directed to be delivered in are required to be computed, together with fuch excefs as fhall be brought forward, in the manner herein diredted, from any preceding account, fhall exceed the clear fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds, fuch laft-mentioned excefs fhall alfo in like manner be carried for-

ward to the account to be delivered in previous to the next en-fuing quarter.

If the fees III* And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That and allowance if, at the expiration of the quarter ending on the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, the whole amount quarter end-	*ums which fhall have been received by the fpeaker of the

ing April 5, houfe of commons on account of fees, together with the fum 1790, fhall be which fhall have been received, or which fhall be due and pay-lefs than able on the allowance of five pounds per day as aforefaid, between deficfenc/to twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and be made good eighty-nine, and the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand from the fup- feven hundred and ninety, fhall be lefs than the clear fum of one plies for 1790; thoufand five hundred pounds, it fhall and may be lawful for the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorifed, impowered, and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer for

the

Hosted by Google

*3

179°*3 Anno regni trlcefimo GeorGii III. c. to.

the time being to make forth and pafs debentures for paying to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being, or to his order, out of any of the aids or fupplies which fliall have been granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, fuch futn and fums of money as fliall, together with the fums received by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, or which fliall be due and payable to him on account of the period for which the faid account is direfted to be computed, make up the clear fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That and thereafter if at any future time the whole amount of the fums received by fr°.m the con-the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, or which fliall have been f°hdatedfund. brought to his account, in the manner herein-before directed,

within any of the faid periods for which the accounts hereby direfted to be delivered in are required to be computed, fhall be lefs than the clear fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds, it fliall and may be lawful for the lord high treafurer, and the com-miflioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorifed, impowered, and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer for the time being to make forth and pafs debentures for paying to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being, or to his order, out of the duties and revenues which compofe the fund, commonly called The Confolidated Fundf fuch fum and fums of money as fliall, together with the fums which fliall have been received by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, or which fliall be due and payable to him, or which fliall have been brought to his account, within any of the faid periods as aforefaid, make up the clear fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That After pre-

fuch payments fliall be made out of the faid confolidated fund, vious appro-after paying, or referving fufficient to pay, all fuch fum and of the°con°fo-fums of money as have been directed by any former aft or afts Udated fund, of parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with preference to the payments all other payments which fliall or may hereafter be charged upon, under this aft or payable out of fuch fund ; and fuch warrant and debenture,	*&c

to be made forth and pafled thereon, fliall be a fufficient autho-	9

rity to the feveral and refpeftive officers of the receipt of the exchequer for the time being, for the payment of fuch fum and fums of money to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being; and that the receipt of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being fliall be a fufficient difeharge for the fame.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That the feveral fum and fums Payments out of money direfted by this aft to be iffiied to the fpeaker of the of the confo-houfe of commons, for the purpofe of completing the clear fum

of one thoufand five hundred pounds, fliall be free and clear from apt Jaxes< 1 all taxes, impofitions, and other publick charges whatever; and that the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being fhall be free and clear of all taxes, impofitions, and publick charges,

in

Hosted by

Google

i4

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c* n—14. [1790.

in refpeft of fuch fums, any thing contained in any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftarlding.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being ihall not under°ther° 1 or enj°y> *n h*is own name> or in the name of any perfon or crown during perfons in truft for him or for his benefit* any office or place of pleafure. profit under the crown during pleafure.

Speaker not to hold any

C A P.f XI.

An adt to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubjedts of his Majefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united ftates of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid united ftates.

33 Geo. 3. c. 39. 34 Geo. 3. c. 45. 33 Geo. 3. fe. 39. fo far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the united ftates of America, and 34 Geo. 3. c. 49. to continue in force till April 5, 179!. Articles from any place bordering on the Baltic, which may be exported from this kingdom, if exported contrary to law, and goods imported from the united ftates of America, and not permitted by law, and alfo goods imported from thefe ftates contrary to law, to be forfeited. How forfeitures are to be recovered and applied. Adt to continue in force till April 5, 1791; but may be repealed this feflion.

CAP. XII.

Art adt to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped; to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and fild affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and foli-citors ; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negledted to tranfmit defcriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpole.

CAP. XIII.

An adt for appointing commiffioners to put in execution an adt of this feffion of parliament, (intituled. An adt for granting an aid to his Ma-jefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the l'ervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety), together with thofe named in two former adts foj; appointing commiffioners of the land tax.

C A jP. XIV.

An act for continuing the encouragement and reward of perfons making certain difeoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or making other lifeful difeoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto; and for adding a commijjioner to execute the fever al adts for the difeovery of the longitude at fea.

Preamble.	THE	REAS	by an adt, made in the twenty-frf year of the

aiGeo,3.0.5a. VV reiSn °f his prefent Majefly., intituled, An a£t for continuing

Hosted by Google

1790.] Anno regrti trieefimo Georgii III. c. 14.'

ing the encouragement and reward of perfons making certain difcoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or making other ufeful difcoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto, the commijfioners for the difcovery of the longitude at fea were impowered, whenever they jhould be fatis-fed of the probability of any propofal or propofah that Jhould be made to them for difcovering the faid longitude, or making any other ufeful difcovery and improvement in navigation, fo as to think it proper to caufe experiments to be made thereof to certify the fame to the com-mijfioners of the navy; and alfo, in cafe they Jhould adjudge any perfon or perfons to have made any difcovery for finding the longitude at fea, which though not of fo great ufe as to be entitled to any of the great rewards fpecified in an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An a£t for the repeal of all i4Geo.3.c.66. former a£ts concerning the longitude at fea, except fo much thereof as relates to the appointment and authority of the com-mifiioners thereby conftituted, and alfo fuch claufes as relate to the conftru&ing, printing, publifliing, vending, and licenf-ing of nautical almanacks, and other ufeful tables; and for the more effedtual encouragement and reward of fuch perfon and perfons as fhall difcover a method for finding the fame, or fhall make ufeful difcoveries in navigation, and for the better making experiments relating thereto; yet that the faid difcovery was of confiderable ufe to the publick, * or to have made any other difcovery or difcoveries, improvement or improvements ufeful to navigation, to certify fuch lefs reward, or fum or fums of money, as they the faid commijfioners for the difcovery of longitude fioould think reafonable to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons; and the commijfioners of the navy %uere thereby authorifed and required to make out bills upon the treafurer of the navy for fuch fums fo certified, who was thereby authorifed to pay the fame immediately to fuch perfon or perfons: and whereas, by reafon of feveral payments made by the treafurer of the navy to feveral perfons in purfuance of the directions of the faid firfi mentioned aft, the faid commijfioners for the difcoveiy of longitude have marly expended the fum of five thoufand pounds granted by the faid aft for the purpofes aforefaid: and whereas the continuing the faid encou-ragements and rewards, for the purpofes mentioned in the faid firjl mentioned aft, will contribute to the advantage of trade, and to the honour of this kingdom: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majelfy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal^ and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be law- Commiffion-ful to and for the faid commifiioners for the difcovery of longi- ers of longitude, and they have hereby full power and authority, whenever the probabi-^ they fhall be fatisfied of the probability of any propofal or propo- lity of fuccefs fals that fhall be made to them for the difcovering the faid Ion- of any pro-gitude, or making any other ufeful difcovery and improvement in P°^for navigation, fo as to think it proper to caufe experiments to be p^gitude &c made thereof, to certify the fame to the commifiioners of the to the com-navy; and alfo, in cafe they fhall adjudge any perfon or perfons miiTioners of

to the navy.

Hosted by

Googl

e

16	Anno	regni	tricefimo	Georgii	III.	c.	14.	[1790.

to have made any difcovery for finding the longitude at fea, which though of not fo great ufe as to be entitled to any of the great rewards fpecified in the faid aft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, yet that the faid difcovery is of confiderabfe ufe to the publick, or to have made any other difcovery or difcoveries, improvement or improvements ufeful to navigation, to certify fuch lefs reward, or fum or fums of money, as they the faid commiffioners for the difcovery of longitude fhall think reafon-Commiflion- able to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons; and the commiffioners to80rdCTreaVy ^ nav7 are ^ere^y authorifed and required to make out a bill wardsToTueh or bills uPon t^e treafurer of the navy for fuch fum or fums as perfons, as the fhall be fo certified to them by the faid commiffioners for the dif-commiflion- covery of longitude; and the faid treafurer of the navy is hereby tud°faail^c"r aut^or^e(^ an^ required to pay immediately fuch fum or fums to tifytohave^" t^ie Per^on or perfons who fhall be appointed by the faid commif-made any ufe- fioners for the difcovery of longitude to make fuch experiments, ful difcove-	or to receive fuch lefs reward, or fum or fums of money, for mak-

nes, &c.	jng lefTer difcoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or any other*

difcoveries and improvements ufeful to navigation, out of any monies which fhall be in his the faid treafurer’s hands unapplied to the ufe of the navy.

Sums paid by JJ provided always, and be it enacted. That all fuch fum or a<^not°mex- ^lirns money as fhaH be Pa^ by the treafurer of the navy, by ceed 5,cool, virtue of this aft, for the purpofes of making fuch experiments as aforefaid, and in rewarding in a lefTer degree lefTer difcoveries for* finding the longitude at fea, and alfo other difcoveries and improvements ufeful to navigation, do not all together exceed the fum of five thoufand pounds; provided alfo that fuch fum or fum9 fhall be certified, and fuch bills fhall be made out, and payment thereof made in fuch manner, and under the fame regulations and provifions as are in and by the faid aft, of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, prefcribed with regard to the fum of five thoufand pounds by the faid aft made applicable to the encouragement and reward of fuch perfon or perfons as fhould make letter difcoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or make other ufeful difco-ries and improvements in navigation, and to the better making of experiments relating thereto. a6Geo.a. c.25. HI. And whereas by an aft^ pajjed in the twenty-ft xth year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second, intituled\ An aft to render more effectual an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne^ intituled, An aft for providing a public k reward for fuch perfon or perfotis as flmll difcover the longitude at fea, with regard to the making experiments of propofals made for difeovering the longitude, and to enlarge the number of com-mijfoners for putting in execution the faid aft, the fecretary of the ad-miralty for the tune being is appointed one of the commiffioners for pvt-ting in execution the faid afts: and whereas face the paffing thereof an Secretaries of additional fecretary to the adtniralty has been appointed; be it there-the admiralty fore enafted, That the fecretaries of the admiralty for the time to be commit- bemg fhall be, and they are hereby appointed com rnilTI oners for gitude.° °n" Putt*ng &e fait* and alfo an aft palled in the fifth year of his

prefent

Hosted by Google

*7

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 15—18.

prefent Majefly’s reign, for explaining and rendering more effectual the faid ails, into execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been appointed commiOioners of the faid acts of the twelfth year of Queen Anne, of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and of the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majeffy, or any or either of them.

CAP. XV.

An ad for raifing a certain film of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

Commiffioners of the treafury may raife 3,500,000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1791, in like manner as is preicribed by the malt ad of this feffion, concerning loans, See. The claufes, See. in tne faid ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo iffiued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1791. Adion not to lie for fuch refufab Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of the next fupplies; and if fufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1791, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo iffiued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this ad; an ad 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias notwithftanding.

CAP. XVI.

An ad for railing a further fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

Commiffioners of the treafury may raife a,ooo,oool. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1791, in manner as by the malt ad of this feffion is preferibed, &c. Tne claufes in the faid ad relating to loans or bills,, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo llTued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 17-91. Adion not to lie for fuch refufal. Money fo raifed to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if fufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1791, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo iffiued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this ad; an ad 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Mai'iae notwithftanding.

CAP. XVII.

An ad for altering the time appointed for holding the fummer feffion in the court of feffion in Scotland; and for altering Whitfuntide and Lammas terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

The fummer feffion in the court of feffion to begin upon May 12, and end July 11. Whitfuntide term in the exchequer to begin upon May 12, and end June a; and Lammas term to begin upon June 17, and end July 5, Spring circuits to be held between March ia, and May 12. 16 Geo. a. c. ii, recited. Complaint to the lord ordinary, on the bills in time of vacation, to be equivalent to complaint to the court of feffion as direded by the recited ad. Writs already iffiued from the exchequer, returnable on June ia, 1790, may be proceeded on, as if they had been returnable on the firft day of Lammas term.

CAP. XVIII.

An ad to continue the feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the manufadure of leather by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of fuch bark fhall exceed a certain rate; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufadures of this kingdom, and to VOL. XXXVII.	C	prevent

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 19, 20.	[1790.

prevent the feducing of artificers and workmen, employed in thofe manufactures, to go into parts beyond the teas; and to the afeertaining the ftrength of fpirits by Clarke’s hydrometer.

ia Geo. 3. c. 50, for encouraging the manufacture of leather, continued for 5 years. 26 Geo. 3. c.89, to extend to other tools and utenfils, 25 Geo.3. c. &7, continued to the end of the next feffion. So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31, as directs that all fpirits fhall be deemed of the ftrength denoted by Clarke’s hydrometer, continued to the end of the next feffion.

CAP. XIX.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papifts, and for relief of Proteftant purchafers.

Act 3 Geo. 1, recited. Deeds and wills of Papifts, &c. made fince Sept. 39, 1717, to be good in law, if inrolled before Sept. 1, 1790. This act not to extend to deeds, &c. the validity whereof has been brought in queftion before Jan. i, 1790. Purchafes made not to be avoided, on account of the title-deeds not having been inrolled, &c. This act not to make good any grant of the right of prefentation to any benefice, &c. in truft for any Papift.

CAP. XX.

An act for rebuilding the pariffi church and tower of Saint Thomas, within

the city of Briftol.

That the parifh church of St. Thomas, in Briftol, is in a ruinous condition, and divers lands, &c. vefted in feoffees for the maintenance of the faid church, and the market to be holden every Thurfday, in St. Thomas’ Street, for yarn, wool, cattle, and other things, with ftallage, tolls, and other profits vefted in feoffees, for relieving the poor in certain almfhoufes founded in the faid parifh, in maintenance of a conduit or aqueduCt with water, &c. according to letters patent tefted at Gorhambury, ir Dec. 13 Q^Eliz. whereby (he granted the faid market, and the tolls thereof, to the corporation of Briftol, to the intent that the inhabitants of St. Thomas* Street might maintain the fame, and alfo the almfhoufe and conduit according to the faid letters patent; that there is now in the bank 1,500b capital, 4 per cent, annuities, in the names of the truftees, arifing from the faid parifh eftates and profits of the market, with iol. and 301. given by Eliz. Elton and Tho. Lewis, for charitable purpofes. That the expence of rebuilding the faid church and tower is eftimated at 5,000b Commiffioners, the mayor of Briftol, the members of parliament, the alderman of St. Thomas’ ward, and vicar of the pariffi, and others, whereof 5 may aCL Monies vefted in them. Chufing new commiffioners. Qualification of truftees, to be rated at 20b per ann. Commiffioners not to aCtwhilft holding employments or contracts under the aCt. Meetings. Commiffioners to bear their own expences. Commiffioners may appoint a treafurer. Appointment of collectors of rates. Penalty on refuting to ferve, 20I. Others to be appointed in cafe of refufal or death. Perfons ferving or paying the penalty not compellable to ferve again for three years. Collectors to account; and pay the balance quarterly. Rates to be made, 250b per ann.; how to be collected, &c. one half on landlords, the other on occupiers. Tenant to pay the whole rate, and deduCt half out of his rent. Where houfes are let to feveral tenants, one to pay the rate; and deduCt the fame out of the rent. Not to affeCt agreements between landlord and tenant. Rates not to be paid in refpeCt of empty houfes. Commiffioners may infpeCt duplicates of the land tax rates gratis. Commencement and continuance of rates, from June 24, yearly. Rates in arrear may be raifed by fucceeding collectors. Loffes by infolvency to be made good by additional rates. Rates to be allowed by two juftices; how recoverable, by diftrefs and fale, with cofts. Where no diftrefs can be found, and rate not paid, offender to be committed, for 2 calendar months. Rates may be recovered in any Other parifh, being figned by a juftice. Appeal againft the rates. For enabling the feoffees of St. Thomas’ Pariffi Lands, and of the market, to

raife

Hosted by Google

379°-] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 21, 22,

raife 4001. Other truftees to fell ftock. Cotnmiffioners to raife money on the rates. Annuities to be granted according to fome general rules or tables. Monies how to be applied. Truftees to rebuild the church* and the tower if neceffiary. One juftice to hear and determine offences againft this a<ft. Perfons lummoned as witneffes not attending liable to a penalty of 301. Form of conviction. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, nor removeable by Certiorari. Limitation of actions,

30 days notice. General ilfue. Treble cofts. Publick aCt.

CAP. XXI.

An aCt for better fupplying the city of Norwich, and the parts adjacent,

with water.

Corporation impowered to make proper works for fupplying the city, and parts adjacent, with water from the river Wenfon; making fatisfaCtion for* damages. If parties dilagree, damages to be fettled by a jury. VerdiCt of jury, &c. to be binding. Penalty on interrupting or damaging the works, 101.5 and on annoying the water, within 600 yards above the new mills, penalty of 40s. Inhabitants impowered to fet pipes from their houfes, to communicate with thofe belonging to the corporation. Ground, where broke up for laying or repairing pipes, to be made good as foon as may be. Recovery of penalties, by diftrefs and fale, and commitment for .3 months. Appeal, to the general quarter feflions, in 4 months. Limitation of actions to fix months. General iffue. Treble cofts. No leafe of the prefent water-works to be affeCted. Publick aCt.

CAP. XXII.

An aCt for the better relief and employment of the poor, within the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the county of Suffolk.

39 Geo. 3. c. 79, for better relief and employment of the poor in the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the county of Suffolk; 4 Geo. 3. c. 58, to amend the fame, &c.' Houfe of induftry ereCted at NaCton. 4,3ool. borrowed on the credit of the affeffments; yet due to the treafurer 850L Former aCts repealed. What perfpns are .to be guardians of the poor, if feized of lands of 30I. per ann. and named in the commiffion of the peace for the county, refiding within 5 miles of either of the faid hundreds, and all reCtors and vicars in the laid hundreds, and occupiers of land rated at 60-I. per ann. to the poor, incorporated by name of guardians, &c. Women to aCt by proxy. Corporation not to hold lands, &c. for more than five years, except for the purpofes of the aCt. Houfe of induftry, &c. veiled in the guardians. Meeting of the guardians for appointing directors and aCting guardians, at Ipfwich. Quarterly meetings of directors and aCting guardians. Qualification of dirtCtors. Guardians and directors to deliver in their qualifications at their firft meeting. Divifion of the directors and aCting guardians into quarterly and other committees. Quarterly or weekly meetings may be altered. Committees may be appointed for every month. Penalty on directors and guardians for non-attendance 10s. For appointing officers. Choice of treafurer and clerk. Security tu be taken from the treafurer. Officers to account. Power to purchafe a certain quantity of common and private land, not above 50 acres of common, and 100 acres of private land. Purchafe money for the common to be divided between the lord or lady of the manor and the commoners. If no agreement for the common, the value toi be afcertained by a jury. Upon payment of purchafe money lands to be veiled in the corporation. Corporation may exchange lands. Prefent houfe may be enlarged, and other buildings ereCted. Land, &c. to be free from parochial rates, and fuhjeCt to no higher publick taxes than were charged at the time of paffing the aCt. Power to get materials for building, Src. Puniihment of perfons damaging the buildings, See. as in cafes of felony. Materials to be flip-plied for employing the poor. Children may be placed out for one year, or apprenticed by the directors and aifting guardians. No boy to continue an apprentice after the age of 31, or girl after 18. Not to be affigned

C 3	without

Hosted by Google

20

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 22.	[1790.

without confent of directors, &c. Children already bound to continue the remainder of their apprenticefhips. Juftices may grant redrefs to children mifufed. Poor may be hired out to harveft or other work. Juftices to fettle differences. Directors, &c. may contract for the employment of the poor. Application of the produce of the labour of the poor. Rewards to be given to the induftrious poor. Poor perfons may be difmified to their parents or friends. Poor perfons capable of maintaining themfelves to be difcharged. Illegitimate children not to gain a fettlement by being born in the houfe, nor by being apprentices to the governor. For employing poor perfons willing to work. Idle and diforderly perfons may be profecuted and punilhed. Directors and acting guardians may apprehend idle perfons. Former bye-laws to continue in force, and new ones may be made. Eftates given for the poor may be let. Application of legacies, &c. given for the poor. Afleflments to be made and allowed by two juftices, or at the quarter fefllons, for defraying the expences of the poor for the current quarter, and the intereft of money borrowed, or to be borrowed. Amount of the afleflments limited; not more than double former afieff-ments, and not to be reduced till two third parts of the whole fum borrowed be paid. Parifh officers not reftrained from making rates for other purpofes. Rates to be a fecurity for the money borrowed. Directors im-powered to borrow money. Rates may be afligned over and mortgaged. Securities may be transferred. Application of the money to be raifed, to pay cofts and expences; and then the 85ol. due to the treafurer, and after for repairing, &c. the houfe of induftry, and purchafing lands, employing the poor, and paying inter’eft of money borrowed. Directing the money borrowed on fecurities Ihall be difcharged; 7 directors to determine. Churchwardens and overfeers, and other pariih officers, to afiift the directors, &c. in the execution of this aCt. Directors and aCting guardians may grant certificates with the perfons removed. Penalty on oyerfeers, Sec. fufFering perfons to refide without certificates, or not informing directors of fingle women fufpeCted to be with child, 40 s. Bonds of indemnity againft baftards to be delivered to the directors and aCting guardians, and in future made to them. Juftice may direCt relief to be given to paupers. A governor, matron, furgeon, clergyman, and fchoolmafter, to be appointed; and alfo fpecial conftables within faid hundreds. Pu-nifhment of governor and other officers for mifbehaviour, to be difcharged from office, and forfeit iol. and pay treble the value of the goods, See. mifapplied, and for non-payment may be committed to the houfe of correction, not lefs than 1 calendar month, nor more than 13. Punifhment of the poor mifbehaving, or guilty of vice or immorality, by abatement of diet, diftinCtion of drefs, and folitary confinement, or being fet in the flocks, by order of the governor, or by guardians at weekly meetings. Punifhment for difpofing of their apparel. For ift offence, to be committed to the houfe of correction 31 days; ad offence, to be dealt with as if convicted of petit larceny. Punifhment of perfons receiving ftolen goods and cloaths, to forfeit not more than iol. nor lefs than 30s.; a moiety to the informer. And on conveying fpirituous liquors into the houfe, lub-jeCt to Z4 Geo. 3. c. 40, for conveying fpirituous liquors to gaols. Juftices may proceed on the complaint of directors and aCting guardians. Directors and guardians may aCt as juftices. Accounts to be fettled and allowed. Directing what fhall conftitute a meeting of directors and aCting guardians; 9 directors and aCting guardians (whereof 6 to be directors). Chairman to have the calling vote. Penalty for negleCt of holding quarterly meetings, 5I. each, to be levied by diftrefs and fale, by order of quarter feflions. General meetings of the guardians may be held for appointing new directors and aCting guardians. Application of penalties given by any aCts of parliament for the benefit of the poor. Penalties and forfeitures, how to be recovered and applied; by diftrefs and fale, or commitment for 2 months, or till paid with expences. Appeal allowed. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form. Limitation of aCtions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Commencement of the aCt, and declaring it to be publick.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

179°* 1 Anno rcgni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 23.	tx

CAP. XXIII.

An aft to continue, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty -feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An ail to enable the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the trea-fury for the time being, to let to farm the duties, granted by an acl made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, on horfes Jet to hire for travelling poft, and by time, to fuch perfons as fhould be willing to contrail for the fame.

WHEREAS by an aft, made and paffed in the twenty-feventh Preamble.

year of his prefent Majejiy's reign, intituled. An ail to enable a7Geo.3.c.26, the lord high treafuier, or commiflioners of the treafur}: for the recited, time being, to let to farm the duties, granted by an ail made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, on horfes lit to hire for travelling poft, and by time, to fuch perfons as fhould be willing to contrail for the fame; the lord high treafurer, or coinmijjioners of the treafury, or any three or jnore of them for the time being, were empowered, either by themfehes, or by his Majejiy s com-mifjioners for managing the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, thereunto duly authorijed, to let to farm the feveral therein recited rates and duties, to fuch perfons as fhould be willing to farm the fame, for any term not exceeding three years, at a rent not lefs than the grofs amount which the fame fhould appear to have produced within the year ending on the firjl day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, under certain rules, directions, regulations, and re-Jlriftions, expreffed in the faid aft: and whereas the faid commijfioners for managing the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, being duly authorifed by the lords commijfioners of his Majejly'-s treafury for that purpofe, did, purfuant thereto, let to farm, feparately in dijirifts, the refpeftive rates and duties arifing within each difirift, for the refpeftive terms of three years, in the manner direfted by the faid aft, which terms will expire on or before the firfl day ^/'February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one: and whereas it appears to be expedient that the provifions and powers of the faid aft fhould he continuedfor a limited time; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaited; and be it enailed by the King’s moft ex-v cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may From Aug. x, be lawful, from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand 1790, the feven hundred and ninety, to and for the lord high treafurer, or tr^atury may the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them [^Vdutks1 for the time being, and they are hereby impowered, from time to grantedbythe time, as it fhall and may be neceflary, either by themfelves, or by recited ait, his Majefty’s commiflioners for managing the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, thereunto authorifed for that purpofe, under the hand and feal of the lord high treafurer, or under the hands and feals of the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them for the time being, to let to farm, fepa-rately in diftricls, the faid rates and duties arifing within each

C 3	diftri£l*

Hosted by Google

22

but not for a longer time than till Feb. i, 1794.

Powers of recited ad, not hereby altered, to continue in force.

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 24, 25.	[1790.

cliftrift, to fiich perfon or perfons as (hall be willing to farm the fame, fo as the faid rates and duties refpeftively fhall, from time to time, be put up at a rent not lefs than the grofs amount which the fame produced within the year ending on the firfl day of Au-gufl one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feuen, under and fub-jeft to the feveral rules, regulations, and reftriftions, prefcribed in the faid aft.	*

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no fiich contraft or agreement, for letting to farm the rates and duties aforefaid, fhall be made to continue for a longer time than until the firfl day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four.

III.	And be it further enafted, That all the powers, provifions, articles, claufes, penalties, and forfeitures, and ail other direftions, matters, and things prefcribed or appointed by the faid recited aft, not altered by or repugnant to this aft, fhall be in full force and effeft, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame, and every of them, had feverally been re-enafted in this aft.

CAP. XXIV.

An ad for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

His Majefty by fign manual may authorife the treafury to dired loans to be received, and exchequer bills to be made out for i,ooo,oool. agreeable to the rules of the malt ad. Claufes of the malt ad to extend to this ad, except thofe charging the loans on the malt tax, and limiting the rate of intereft. Loans, Sec. to be charged upon the fir ft iupplies of next fefiion, or the next confolidated fund. Monies ifiued out of the confolidated fund to be replaced out of the fir ft iupplies. Bank of England may advance money upon the credit of this ad.

CAP. XXV.

An ad for paving and otherwife improving the town of Honiton in the county of Devon.

Commiffioners. Qualification of commifiioners, lands 30I. per ann, or heir to 60I, per ann. or to have a perfonal eftate of 800I. Oath. Commifiioners to pay to treafurer five guineas each before ading. Meetings of the commiffioners. Commiffioners to defray their own expences. Five commiffioners to be a quorum. Notices of meetings, &c. fhall be given. Annual meeting for fettling accounts. A chairman to be appointed, who fhall have the calling vote. All proceedings of commiffioners to be at meetings, &c. Appointment of new commiffioners. Commifiioners to _ appoint officers. Officers to account. Penalty on refufal, imprifonment. Such parts of the Axminfter and Honiton roads as leads from one hundred yards eaft of the entrance into Shipley Lane, and along Axminfter road to the workhoufe through Warwick Lane, and along Ncav Street to the market crofs in the High .Street to the brow of Bramble Hill, and to Star Crofs Lane, and alfo from the head of Shipley Lane down to the eaft end of the town, and from Potter’s Kiln turnpike gates to the market crofs in High Street, and alfo from the corner in Warwick Lane in New Street to Brook Hill Bridge, and from thence to Honiton church, and from the market crofs in High Street along Northcote Lane to Cowley Barn, and alfo from the eaft end of the High Street along Clapper Lane, and alfo from the faid High Street along Dowell’s Lane, fo far as the prefent buildings extend, put under the management of the commiffioners; and the trufteesdifeharged from the management thereof. Power to take down the market crofs, &c. and purchafe the lhambles, and feveral dwelling houf^s and other buildings jin the middle of High Street, and lay the feites thereof into the ftreets. Rights of the lord of the manor, and to the markets and fairs; faved, Per-

Hosted by Google

8 3

i79°0 Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 2

Tons interefted in lands, Scc. impowered to fell. On payment of purchafe money, premiles to be conveyed. Purchafe money belonging to coi*pora-tions, See. to be laid out in purchafe of other eftates. Commiffioners to pave, cleanfe, and light*the ftreets, See. Pavement not to be altered without confent of the commilfioners. Commiffioners to provide lamps. See.

Truftees to contradt with perfons for paving and lighting. Contracts tcT be binding. The ftreets to be watched. Penalty on perfons damaging or obftrudting the works, 20s. for every offence. Rate to be laid upon the inhabitants, not to exceed 6d. in the pound per ann. Recovery of rates.

Commiffioners may eredt turnpikes, and take tolls Coaches, See. with 6 horfes, is. — 3or4horfes, 8d. — 2 horfes, 6d. — 1 horfe, 3d. — waggons, See. with 6 horfes, is. 6d.—4 or 5 horfes, is. — 2 or 3 horfes, 6d.— 1 horfe, 3d.

—every horfe, See. not drawing id. — neat cattle per fcore, iod. —calves or hogs, 5d. — fheep or lambs, 2d. 2q. Nothing in the adt to empower the truftees of the Lyme road to eredt a turnpike between Straitway Head and Fair Mile Inn. Tolls payable but once a day. Exemption from tolls: horfes or other cattle, or waggons or carts (except ftage waggons or carts, See. carrying for hire) palling on Saturday, or any fair day, at Honiton, or pack horfes or carriages employed in carrying corn, grain, meal, flour, beans, peafe or butcher's meat, or coals, wood, furze or other fuel, to, from or through Honiton, going and returning the fame day, or carriages employed in carrying ftones, gravel, or other materials, to turnpike roads, or of dung, mould, foil or compoft, or lime for manuring land, or conveying hay, ftraw or corn in ftraw, or ploughs or other implements of hufbandry; of for horfe or other beaft going to or returning from water or pafture, or for any carriage or horfe carrying perfons to church or place of worfhip, on Sundays, or attending funerals at Honiton, or clergymen viflting the fick, or doing parochial duty, or any carriages. See. conveying vagrants fent by legal paffes, or belonging to officers or loldiers on their march, or on duty, or horfes, See. conveying their arms or baggage, or thofe fick, wounded or difabled, or carrying mails of letters under the poftmafter.

Tolls may be lefiened. Penalty on perfons evading the tolls, to forfeit 40s. for every offence. Power to let the tolls. Power to borrow money.

Application of the money, to executing the adt and defraying expences.

Materials, See. veiled in the commiffioners. Commiffioners to have the direction of the town lakes. Annoyances to be removed. Tenants paying any expences of removing obftrudtions, may dedudt the fame out of their rent. Penalty on caufing obftrudtions or nuifances in the ftreets, for every offence 10s. No new building to be covered with thatch. Penalties for leaving carriages, timber, &c. in the ftreets, for every offence 10s.

Obftrudlions occafioned by building or repairing any houfes removed oil 10 days notice, not fubjedt to the penalty; but if not fo removed on notice, penalty 5s. per day. Adtions to be brought in the name of the clerk.

Proceedings to be entered. Recovery of penalties, proved before a juftice of peace, by diftrefs and fale of goods, or imprifonment three months.

Appeal againft rates to quarter feffions. Limitation of adtions to 31 days notice, and not after 3 months. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. xxvi.

An aft to exempt goods and chattels imported from the fettlement of Y ucatan in South America, and fold by auftion in Great Britain, from the duty hnpofed on fuel? fales; and for allowing a drawback of the duties on goods exported to Yucatan.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the twenty-feventh year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An adt for repealing 27 Geo. 3. the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties c* *3> recited, in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king,

C 4.	into

Hosted by Google

24	Anno	regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 27.	[1790.

into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), an excife duty is chargeable for and upon all fales by zvay of auction in Great Britain, of any goods or chattels, according to the refpedlive rates therein exprejfed: and whereas it is expedient that feme provifion Jhould be ?nade in favour of goods and chattels isnportedfrom thefettlement at Yucatan in South America, and fold by auction in Great Britain; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre-From July 5, fent parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That j79°, goods from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred Yiu^atan to°be an<^ n^nety^ any goods imported into this kingdom by way of free from the merchandife, from the faid fettlement at Yucatan, fhall be free of excife duty on the faid duty on the firft fale of fuch goods at au£tion, by or for tkm m^olld -account of the original importer to whom the fame were con-byre cited adt, figne^> and by whom they were entered at the cuftom-houfe at &c.	the port of importation, fo as fuch fale be made within twelve

months after fuch goods fhall be imported, and by fome perfon duly licenfed to exercife the trade or bufinefs of an auctioneer.

II. And whereas drawbacks of the whole or part of duties paid upon certain goods a?id commodities, are allowed to the exporter on the due exportation thereof into the Britifh colonies in America: and whereas it is expedient that the like drawbacks Jhould be allowed on the exportation of fuch goods and commodities to the faid fettlement at Y ucatan ; and exporters be it therefore further enaCted, That, from and after tfie faid fifth 0/ goods to day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, there fhall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters of any goods or commodities which fhall be exported to the faid fettlement of Yucatan, the like drawback of the duties of cuftoms and excife as is now allowed on the exportation of fuch goods or commodities to the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, on condition that the fame fhali be exported in fuch and the like manner, and under fuch and the like rules, regulations, provifions, reflections, penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch goods or commodities are now fubjeCf and liable to, upon the exportation thereof, for a drawback to the Britifh colonies or plantations in America: provided alfo, that the like bond fhall be given for the due exportation thereof, with further condition that the exporter thereof fhall produce a certificate under the hands and feals of two Britifh merchants, within the fpace of twelve calendar months from the exportation thereof, that the fame have been duly landed there.

CAP. XXVII.

An adt for encouraging new fettlers in his Majefty* s colonies and plantations in America.

Preamble. "^TTTTHEREAS it is expedient that encouragement fmdd be given W to perfons that are difpofed to come and fettle in certain of his Majefly's colonies and plantations in America and the Weft Indies; be it therefore enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal.

that fettle-ment, to be allowed the fame drawbacks as on goods exported to America, &c.

Hosted by Google

25

From Aug. r, 1790, fubjedts of the united ftates of America, fettling in the Bahama iflands, See. may import negroes, See. duty-free, to the value herein fpecifted. Sec.

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 28.

ral, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of Augufl one thoufand (even hundred and ninety, if any perfon or perfons, being a fubjedl or fubjedls of the territories or countries belonging to the united ftates of America, (hall come from thence, together with his or their family or families, to any of the Bahama, or Ber?nuda or Somers iflands, or to any part of the province of Quebec, or of Nova Scotia, or any of the territories belonging to his Majefty in North America, for the purpofe of redding and fettling there, it fhall be lawful for any fuch perfon or perfons, having firft obtained a licence for that purpofe from the governor, or, in his abfence, the lieutenant governor of the faid iflands, colonies, or provinces re-fpedlively, to import into the fame, in Britifh fnips owned by his Majefty’s fubjedts, and navigated according to law, any negroes^ houfehold furniture, utenfils of hufbandry, or cloathing, free of duty: provided always, That fuch houfehold furniture, utenfils of hufbandry, and cloathing, flia.ll not in the whole exceed the value of fifty pounds for every white perfon that fhall belong to fuch family; and the value of forty findings for every negro brought by fuch white perfon; and if any difpute fhall ari(t as to the value of fuch houfehold furniture, utenfils of hufbandry, or cloathing, the fame fhall be heard and determined by the arbitration of three Britijh merchants at the port where the fame fhall be imported, one of fuch Britijh merchants to be appointed by the governor, or in his abfence the lieutenant governor of fuch ifland or province, one by the collector of the cuftoms at fuch port, and one by the perfon fo coming with his family.

II.	And be it further enadted, That all fales or bargains for the fale of any negro, houfehold furniture, utenfils of hufbandry, or cloathing, fo imported, which fhall be made within twelve calendar months after the importation of the fame, (except in cafes of the bankruptcy or death of the owner thereof), fhall be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enadted, That every white perfon fo coming to refide, if above the age of fourteen years, fhall, and he is hereby required, immediately after his arrival, to take and fub-feribe the oath of allegiance to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, before the governor, lieutenant governor, or chief magiftrate of the place where fuch perfon fhall arrive, and at the fame time fwear that it is his intention to refide and fettle in luch ifland or province; for which oaths fuch governor, lieutenant governor, or chief magiftrate, fhall receive the fame fee, and no more, as is payable by law on adminiftering the oath of allegiance in cafes •yvhere the fame is now by law required.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for permitting the importation of Cafhew gum from his Ala -jefly's Weft India iflands, upon payment of the like duty as is paid upon the importation of gum Arabic, or gum Senega.

WHEREAS it will be highly ufeful to feveral forts of manu~ Preamble. fafturesy that Caftiew gum fhould be imported upon no higher

duty

Sales of negroes, &c. fo imported, within 12 months, to be void.

All white perfons coming fo to refide, to take the oath of allegiance, if upwards of 14 years old.

Hosted by

Google

26

From July $9 1790, Cafhcw gum of the Well India iflands maybe imported on payment of the fame duties as gum Arabic.

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 29.	[1790.

duty than gum NtzDoxc and gum Senega is now allowed to be imported', be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majelty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, Cajhew gum the growth or production of any of his Majefly’s Weft India iflands, (Tn which the Bahama and Bermuda or Somers iflands are included), (hall and may be imported into any port of Great Britain, in Britijh fhips, owned by his Majefty’s lubjeCts, and navigated according to law, on payment of the fame duty, and no other, as is now paid upon the importation of gum Arabic, or gum Senega, into any port of Great Britain; and fuch duty {hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied, in the fame manner as the faid duty upon gum Arabic, or gum Senega, is raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for amending an aft, paffed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aCt for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and mer-chandife, in the ports of Kingfon, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the ifland of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada, in the port of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, and in the port of Naffau in the ifland of" New Providenceone of the Bahama iflands, under certain re-. gulations and reftriCtions; and for regulating the duties on the iinportation of goods and commodities the growth and production of the countries bordering on the province 0/^Quebec.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An act for allowing the impor-c» 27, recited, tation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandife, in the ports of King ft on. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the ifland of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada, in the port of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, and in the port of Naffau in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands, under certain regulations and reftriCtions, it is enafted, That certain articles therein mentioned, being the growth or production of any of the colonies or plantations in America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or fate, and all coin and bullion, diamonds, or precious jlones, may be imported from any of the faid colonies or plantations into the feveral ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the ifland of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the if and ^Grenada, the port ^Rofeau in the if and ^Dominica, and the port of Naflau in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama ifands, in any foreign foopfchooner, or other vefel whatever,not having more than one deck, and not exceeding the burthen of feventy tons, and being owned and navigated by thefubjefts of any foreign European fovereign orfate: and whereas it will tend to encreafe the commerce carried on to and

from

Preamble, 27 Geo. 3

Hosted by

Google

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo GeoRGH III. c. 29.	27

from the before-mentioned ports^ if the foreign floops, fchooners, and vejfels trading thereto be not limited to any defcription of tonnage; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the (loops, fchooners, and veflels, Sloops, See. owned and navigated by the fubjefts of any foreign European importing and fovereign or ft ate, importing and exporting the articles enumerat-ed in the before mentioned aft, to and from the before mentioned meratedin the ports, in the ifland of Jamaica, the ifland of Grenada, the ifland of recited aft, Dominica, and the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama may be of any iflands, under the regulations therein preferibed, may confift of ^en^ave*but and meafure any number of tons, provided that every fuch veftel 0ne deck, have not more than one deck; any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And whereas it is expedient that goods or commodities the growth or production of any of the countries border'mg on the province of Quebec, and brought into the faid province in conformity to the laws of that province, Jhould be permitted to be imported into this kingdom, in the fame manner and on the fa?ne terms and conditions as fuch goods and commodities are now importedfrom the faid province tf/'Quebec: be it further enafted, That, from and after the firfi: day of July From July 1, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, all goods and commodities *79°’ goods whatfoever, being the growth or produftion of any of the coun- ^ ^ countries bordering on the province of Quebec^ and brought by land or tries border-inland navigation into the faid province, conformably to the re- ing on Que-gulations eftablifhed by law in the faid province for bringing in bee, imported the fame by land or inland navigation, from any of the countries bordering thereon, (hall and may be imported into any part of imported into Great Britain from the faid province of Quebec, and the fame re- Great Britain fpeftively {hall be admitted to entry and be charged with duty, or from thence, exempted from duty, in like manner as fuch goods and commodities refpeftively would be charged with, or exempted from duty, if the fame were of the growth or produftion of the faid province of Sfuebec, and were imported directly from thence into Great Britain; provided it fhall appear, by certificate under the hands and feals of the colleftor and comptroller of the cuftoms, and the naval officer there, that the fame refpeftively were brought into the province of ^hjebec, conformably to the regulations eftablifhed by law in the faid province, by land or by inland navigation, from the countries bordering thereon, and fpecifyi-ng from what places the fame were refpeftively brought into the laid province; and that the like rules, regulations, reftriftions, and conditions, are obferved and performed on their being imported into Great Britain, as are required for the like goods and commodities refpeftively imported into Great Britain from the faid province of Shiebec, and under and lubjeft to the like conditions, penalties, and forfeitures* and to the like modes for recovery and application thereof.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 30.	[1790.

CAP. XXX.

An a£t for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by

a lottery.

790,9371. 10s. to be raifed by a lottery. All perfons who have made de-pofits, purfuantto the refolution of the houfe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fubfcriptions at certain times fpecified, viz. 2I. by June 18, 1790; — 2I. by July 30; — 2I. by Sept. 10; — 3I. by Oft. 22; —2I. by Dec. 10, following, and the remaining 3I. by Jan. 14, 1791; and the contributors for each 15]. 16s. 4d. zq. advanced, to have upon each fortunate ticket the lot fallen to him; and thofe that pay contributions be* fore the time limited to be allowed difcount at 3 per cent, per ann. And if the whole 790,9371. 10s. be paid, to have tickets at the rate of 15I. 16s. 4d. zq. each. Cafhier to give fecurity, to the fatisfadion of the commiffioners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commiffioners of the treafury impowered to apply the money paid in by the cafhier. 500,000b the amount of the prices, to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feffion, Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the calhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undilpofed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets,—3 prizes of 20,000b — 2 of io,oopl.

—	3 of 5,000b — 5 of 2,oool.— 15 of 1,cool. — 30 of 500b— 100 of 100I.

—	150 of 50I. — 5)Ooo of 25b —9,025 of*20b — 4I. per ticket allowed to the owner of every one of the firft 10,000 tickets drawn a blank. i,oooh to the firft'drawn ticket; 1,000b to the laft-drawn. Tickets in the outermoft column of the laft-mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), See. Public, notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 9, 1791. Method to be obferved in drawing, Sec. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums, to be printed. Difputes to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, See. capital felony and death. Offenders (not in prifon) difeovering perfons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50b reward. Provifo, no attainder for fuch offences to make corruption of blood, lofs of dower, or difherifon of heirs. Managers to be fworn. The oath.

I A. B. as a manager and diredor of the lottery to be drawn in purfuance of an ad of parliament, made in the thirtieth year of his Majefty’s reign, do fwear, That I will faithfully execute the truft repofed in me; and that I will not ufe any indirect art or means, or permit or dired any perfon to ufe any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myfelf, or any other perfon whatfoever; and that I will do the utmoft of my endeavours to prevent any undue or finifter pradice to be done by any perfon whatfoever; and that I will, to the belt of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid ad.

Cafhier may receive the fums fubferibed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the fame; which fhall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 15b 16s. 4d. 2q. paid. After June 18, 1790, the cafhier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the fum adually fubferibed; and fhall give receipts for the refidue of fuch fums, after deducting the value of the tickets 10 delivered. Contributors, not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, See. Commiffioners of the treafury may reward the managers, Scc. as they fhall think fit. The 500,6001. for the payment of

the

Hosted by Google

29

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c 31.

the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this fefiion; and (hall be paid to the proprietors, without any dedudion, on June a, 1791, &c. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, See. and figned, Sec. Com-mifiioners of the treafury impowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this ad. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution-monies, or for any receipts, See. on penalty of aol. No tickets to be divided into any other lhares than halves, quarters, eighths, and fixteenths, on penalty of 50I. Form of lhares of tickets.

J^OTTERY for one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

Ticket, No.

(or ass the Jhare may be)

The bearer of this lhare will be entitled to one	part	of

fuch beneficial chance as fhall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in purfuance of an ad pahed in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign.

Perfons counterfeiting lhares, &:c. guilty of felony, and fuffer as fuch. General ilfue. Treble colts.

CAP. XXXI.

An a Si to alter fo much of an aSt, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second\ intituled., An aft for the better preventing frauds and abufes in gold and filver wares; and alfo fo tnuch of another aSt, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty certain duties on all gold and filver plate imported, and alfo certain duties on all gold and filver wrought plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of filver wares.

WHEREAS, by an aSi of parliament made in the twelfth year Preamble.

of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second^ intituled, An aft for the better preventing frauds and abufes in gold 12 Geo. 2. and filver wares, it was amongfi other things enaSted., That^from and c* after the twenty-eighth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-nine, no goldfmithy Jilverfmith, or other perfon whatfoever^ mak-ing or felling, trading or dealing in, gold or filver wares, Jhould felly exchange, or expofe to fale, within that part of Great Britain called England, any gold or fiver veffel\ plate, or manufacture of gold or fiver whatfoever, made after the faid twenty-eighth day tf/'May one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-nine, or export the fame out of this kingdom, until fuch time as fuch veffel, plate, or manufacture of gold (being of thefandard of twenty-two carraSts of fine gold per pound troy) and fuch veffefi plate, or manufaSiure offilver (being of the Jland-ard of eleven ounces tzvo penny-weights of fine fiver per pound troy)

Jhould be marked as followed;; (that is to Jay) With the mark of the worker or maker thereof which Jhould be thef rfl letters of his chriflian and furname, and with thefe marks of the company of goldfmiths in London; videlicet, the Leopard’s Head, the Lion Paffant, and a difiinSl variable mark or letter, to denote the year in which fuch plate Jhould be made% or with the mark of the worker or maker, and with

the

Hosted by Google

3°

24 Geo. 3. c. 53-

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. ^r.	[1790.

marks appointed to be ufed by the ajfayers at York, Exeter, Briftol, Chefter, Norwich, or Newcaftle upon Tyne; or plate (being of the Jlandard of eleven ounces ten penny-iveights, of fine filver per pound weight troy) with the ?nark of the worker or maker thereof which jhould be the firft letters of his chrijlian ayidfurname aforefaid, and with thefe marks of the faid company \ videlicet, the Lion’s Head Erafed, the figure of a woman commonly called Britannia, and the faid mark or letter to denote the year as aforefaid, or with the mark of the worker or maker, and the marks of one of the faid cities or towns, upon pain that every fuch goldfinith, filverfinith, and other perfon, for every fuch offence, jhould forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered and difpofed of as therein-after is mentioned, and for default of payment Jhould be committed, by the court in which judgement Jhould be given thereon, to the houfe of correction for the county, city, or liberty where convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the fpace of fix months, or until payment be made of the faid forfeiture', and in the faid aCl is contained a provifo and declaration, whereby it is provided and declared, that nothing in that aCi contained Jhould extend to oblige any of the following wares of gold or filver to be Jtamped or marked, by the faid refpedive companies of gold-fniths, or any of them, (that is to fay) Rings, collets for rings or other jewels, chains, necklace beads, lockets, hollow or raifed buttons, Jleeve buttons, thimbles, corralfockets and bells, ferrils, pipe lighters, cranes for bottles, very fmall book clafpt, any flock or garter clafps jointed, very fmall nutmeg graters, rims offluff boxes whereof tops or bottoms are made of Jhell orJlone,Jliding pencils, toothpick cafes, tweezer cafes, pencil cafes, needle cafes, any philligree work, any forts of tippings or fivages on jlone or ivory cafes, any mounts, fcrews, or Jloppers to Jlone or glafs bottles or phials, any fmall or flight orna?nents put to amber or other eggs or urns, any wrought feals, or feals with cornelian or other Jlones fet therein, or any gold or filver veffel, plate, or manufacture of gold or filver,fo richly engraved, carved, or cbafed,.Gr fet with jewels or other Jlones, as not to admit of an ajfay to be taken of, or a ?nark to be Jluck thereon, without damaging, prejudicing, or defacing the fame, or fuch other things as by reafon of the fmallnefs or thimiefs thereof', are not capable of receiving the marks in the Jaid aCt before mentioned, or any of them, and not weighing ten penny-weights of gold or filver each: a?id whereas, by a certain other aCl of parliament, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty certain duties on all gold and filver plate imported ; and alfo certain duties on all gold and filver wrought plate made in Great Britain> it was (amongjl other things) enaCled, That every working goldfinith andfilverfinith, or other manufacturer of gold or filver whatfoever, zvho JJ)ould at any time or times after the firjl day of December one thoufandJ'eveti hundred and eighty-four, work or make, or caufe to be wrought or made, any gold or filver veJJ'el, plate, or manufacture of gold or filver whatfoever, required to be touched, affayed, and marked by the company of goldfmiths in London, or the company of goldfmiths in Edinburgh, or by the Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the zvardens and ajfayer or ajfayers at York, Exeter, Briftol, Chefter, Norwich, and Newcaftle upon

Tyne,

Hosted by Google

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 31.

Tynz,fhouldfrom time to ti?ne fend with every parcel of fuch gold or fiver to the affay office of the faid rejpeftive companies, cities, and places, a note or memorandum, fairly written, containing the day of the month and year, the chrifiian and furname of the worker or maker, and place of his or her abode, and alfo all the fpecies in fuch parcel of plate, and the number of each fpecies, with the total weight of fuch parcel, and alfo the fum of money payable for the duty upon the total weight of fuch parcel, and alfo Jhould, from time to time, fend, deliver, and pay with every fuch parcel, to the officer belonging to fuch refpec-tive affay office who Jhould receive fuch parcel of gold or fiver fa fent to be touched, affiayed, and marked, the duty by that aft directed to be paid upon every fuch parcel of gold or fiver fo required to be touched, affiayed, and marked; and by the faid laf-me7itioned aft it was further enafted, That the wardens, or their deputy, affay mafer, weigher, or other perfon appointed by the Jaid refpeftive companies or affay officers, Jhould mark with the following new mark, (that is to fay) With the mark of the King’s Head, over and befdes the feveral other marks dir eft ed by law, all and every fuch pieces or parcels of gold or fiver plate fo fent to be touched, marked, and affiayed; and by the faid laf ■‘mentioned aft it is further enafted. That from and after the faid firf day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, no goldfmith, flverfinitb, or other perfon whatfoever, making or felling, trading or dealing in gold or fiver wares, Jhould fell, exchange, or expofe to fale in Great Britain, any gold or fiver veffel, plate or manufacture of gold or fiver whatfoever, made after the faid firf day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, or export the fame out of the kingdom of Great Britain, untilfuch time as fuch veffel, plate, or ma-nufafture of gold (being of the fandard dir eft ed by law)- and fuch veffel, plate, or manufacture offiher (being likewife of thefandard dir eft ed by law) Jhould be marked with the new mark therein before direfted, (that is to fay) The King’s Head, over and befdes alt other mai'ks then already direfted by lavj to be marked or impreffied thereon, upon pain that every fuch goldfmith, filverfmith, or other perfon fo offending, Jhould for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum offifty pounds, to be recovered and difpofed of as in the faid aft after is direfted; andfor default of not paying down the penalty, upon conviftion, Jhould be committed by the court, in which judgement Jhould be given thereon, to the houfe of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place where convifted, there to remain and to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the fpace of one year, nor lefs than fix months, or until payment be made of the faid forfeiture, and alfo upon pain thatfuch gold andfilver veffel, plate, and manufacture of gold and filver, which Jhould be fold, exchanged, or expofed to fale, without having the mark thereon, as by the faid lafi-mentioned aft is direfted, Jhould be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the King's majefy, his heirs andfucceffiors~, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons who Jhould fue for the fame \ and in the faid lafl-mentioned aft is contained a provjfo and declaration, whereby it is provided and declared, that nothing in that laf -mentioned aft contained Jhould extend to compel any of the wares of gold or filver to be famped or marked with theflamp or ?nark direfted by the faid laf-mentioncd aft, which are particularly excepted in the faid aft made in

Hosted by Google

Doubts upon the conftruc-tion of the re« cited provi-foes.

The recited Provifoes to ceafe as to filver wares,

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 31.	[1790,

the faid twelfth year of the reign of his late Majejly, intituled, An adt for the better preventing frauds and abufes in gold and filver wares : and whereas doubts have arifen as to the true confiruftion and meaning of the [aid provifo and declaration contained in the aforejaid aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, and alfo as to what filver wares are intended., by the faid la ft-mentioned aft, and by the aforefaid aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, to be excepted from being Jlamped or marked with the jlamps or marks direfted by the faid afts, or either of them; and divers filverfmiths and other perfons, making, felling, trading, or dealing in filver wares, have inadvertently, and without meaning or intending to offend againfi the faid afts, or either of them, fold, exchanged, and expofed to fale, within that part ofGreat Britain called England, divers fmall vejfels, plate, or manufaftures of filver, being of the Jlandard direfted by law, made after the twenty-eighth day of M ay one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-nine, and not Jlamped or marked with the following marks, mentioned in the aforefaid aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, (that is to fay) With the mark of the worker or maker thereof (being the firfi letters . of his chriftian and furname), and with thefe marks of the faid company of goldfmiths in London; videlicet, the Leopard’s Head, the Lion Paftant, and a diftinft variable mark or letter to denote the year in which fuch plate was ?nade, or with the mark of the worker or maker, and with the marks appointed to be ufed by the affayers at York, Exeter, Briftol, Chefter, Norwich, or Newcaftle upon Tyne; and plate (being of the Jlandard of eleven ounces ten perny-weights of fine filver per pound weight troy) and notJlamped or marked with the mark of the worker or maker thereof (being the firfi letters of his chrifiian and furname as aforejaid) and with thefe marks of the faid company; videlicet, the Lion’s Head Erafed, the figure of a woman cojnmonly called Britannia, and the faid mark or letter to denote the year as aforefaid; or with the mark of the worker or maker, and the marks of one of the faid cities or towns; and have fold, exchanged, and expofed to fale in Great Britain, divers other fmall vejfels, plate, or snanufac-tures of filver (being of the Jlandard direfted by law) made after the firjl day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and not Jlamped or marked zvith the new mark, (that is to fay) The King’s Head, mentioned in the aforefaid aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly \ whereby divers penalties, forfeitures, and punijhments, may have been mnocently hicurred by fuch perfons; from which penalties, forfeitures, and punijhments it is fit and proper they Jhould refpeftively be releafed and indemnified and it is likewife fit and proper that the faid recited provifoes and declarations in the faid afts contained, fo far as the fame concern wares of filver, Jhould ceafe and determine, and that the faid afts Jhould be amended in feveral refpefts, and other regulations and declarations made as to filver wares: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-f mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid recited provifo. and declaration* in the

i	faid

179°*] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 31.	33

faid act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, fo far as the fame relates to the not obliging the wares of filver therein fpecifically named or mentioned, and fuch other wares or things of filver as are therein generally named, mentioned, or referred to in any manner howfoever, to be (lamped or marked by the faid refpective companies of goldfmiths, or any of them; and alfo the faid recited provifo and declaration in the faid act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, fo far as the fame relates to the not compelling any of the wares of filver to be (lamped or marked with the (lamp or mark directed by the faid lad-mentioned act, which are particularly excepted in the aforefaid act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majefty, fhall, from and after the twenty-eighth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, ceafe and determine; anything in the faid acts of parliament, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Perfons in-all penalties, forfeitures, and puniftiments incurred by any perfon damnified or perfon^ whomfoever, making, felling, trading, or dealing in ^ contrary filver wares, for having, on or before the twenty-eighth day of thereto.

May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, fold, exchanged, or expofed to fale, all or any of the articles or wares following> made of filver, being of the ftandard directed by law, and not weighing ten penny-weights of filver each, or weighing ten penny-weights of filver or more each, (that is to fay) Rings, collets for rings or other jewels, chains, necklace beads, lockets, hollow or raifed buttons, (leeve buttons, thimbles, corral fockets and bells, ferrils, pipe lighters, cranes for bottles, book clafps of any fize, any flock or garter clafps jointed, nutmeg graters of any fize, rims of fnuff* boxes whereof tops or bottoms are made of (hell or (lone, Hiding pencils, toothpick cafes, tweezer cafes, pencil cafes, needle cafes, any phrlligree work, any forts of tippings or fwages on (lone or ivory cafes, any mounts, ferews, or Hoppers to (lone or glafs bottles or phials, any ornaments put to amber or other eggs or urns, any wrought (eals, or feals with cornelian or other ftones fet therein; or any filver vefTel, plate, or manu-failure of filver, fo richly engraved, carved or chafed, or fet with jewels or other (tones, as not to admit of an affay to be taken of, or a mark to be (luck or (truck thereon, without damaging, prejudicing, or defacing the fame, not weighing ten pennyweights of filver each, or weighing ten penny-weights of filver or more each, or any other filver veffel, plate, or manufacture of filver whatfoever, being of the ftandard directed by law, not weighing ten penny-weights of filver each, and not being re-fpectively (lamped or marked with the (lamps or marks, or any of them, mentioned in or directed by the faid recited acts, or either of them, (hall be, and the faid penalties, forfeitures, and puniftiments, and every of them, are hereby releafed and dif-charged; and all and every perfon and perfons whomfofcver,. againft whom any action of debt, bill, plaint, or infafc&ation, teth been or (hall be brought, in any of his Majefty’s courts of V01. XXXVII.	EL	record

‘ecord at IV ejlminjtery tor or to recover or lntiict any iuch penal-:ies, forfeitures, or punifhments, fhall be, and is and are hereby wholly and abfolutely indemnified, freed, and difcharged therefrom, and from and againft all and every fuch penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments; any thing in the faid afts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftand-ing \ and all and every perfon and perfons, againft whom any fuch action, bill, plaint, or information hath been or fhall be brought, may plead the general iffue, and upon his, her, or their defence give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the twenty-eighth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, nothing in the faid afts, or either of them, contained, fhall extend to oblige any of the following wares of filver to be ftamped or marked by the faid refpeftive companies of goldfmiths, or any of them, with the marks, or any of them, mentioned in the aforefaid aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with the faid new mark of the King's Head, mentioned in the aforefaid aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (that is to fay) Chains, necklace beads, lockets, any phil-ligree work, fhirt buckles or broaches, ftamped metals, or fpouts to china, ftone, or earthenware teapots, or any of them, of any weight whatfoever.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid twenty-eighth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, nothing in the faid afts, or either of them, contained, fhall extend to oblige any of the following wares of filver to be ftamped or marked by the faid refpeftive companies of goldfmiths, or any of them, with the marks, or any of them, mentioned in the aforefaid aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with the faid new mark of the King's Heady mentioned in the aforefaid aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (that is to fay) Tippings, fwages, or mounts, or any of them, not weighing ten penny-weights of filver each, fave and except only necks and collars for caftors, cruets, or glafles, appertaining to any fort of ftands or frames.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid twenty-eighth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, nothing in the faid afts, or either of them, contained, fhall extend to oblige any wares of filver whatfoever, not weighing five penny-weights of" filver each, to be marked or ftamped by the faid refpeftive companies of goldfmiths, or any of them, with the marks, or any of them, mentioned in the aforefaid aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with tire faid new mark of the King's Head, mentioned in the aforefaid aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fave and except only the following filver wares, (that is to fay) Necks,

collars.

Exemption of certain filver wares from being ftamp-«d.

Further exemption.

Further ex* emption.

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 32.	35

collars, and tops for caftors, cruets, or glaffes appertaining to any fort of Hands or frames, buttons to be affixed to or fet on any wearing apparel, folid fleeve buttons, and folid ftuds, not having a bi(Tilled edge foldered on, wrought feals, blank feals, bottle tickets, fhoe clafps, patch boxes, fait fpoons, fait fhovels, fait ladles, tea fpoons, tea ftrainers, caddy ladles, buckles (fhirt buckles or broaches, before mentioned, excepted), and pieces to garnifh cabinets, or knife cafes, or tea chefts, or bridles, or Hands, or frames.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Publick ad* this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick a<d; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by, all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXXII.

An ad for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the con-folidated fund; for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

3.300.0001.	maybe iffued out of the confolidated fund; which maybe railed by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the (aid fund. Money lent on fecurity of this ad not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be (truck, 8cc. Orders for repayment to be regiftered and paid in courfe.

No fee to be taken for regiftering, 8cc. on penalty of treble value and cofts, and alfo lofs of place. Penalty for taking fees, and for undue preference in regiftering, &c. liable to adion, and to pay value of debt and full cofts, and to be forejudged his office; but deputy only liable him-felf, and clerk of the pells, and tellers of the exchequer liable to the fame.

Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the fame date brought the fame day, are entered firft, fo they are all entered; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be referved to difcharge them. Orders affignable. Treafury may order the fum hereby granted to be raifed by exchequer bills, in the manner prefcribed by the malt ad of the prefent feffions; the provilions of which ad (except fuch as charge the . bills on the malt duty, and limit the rate of intereft) to extend to this. Bills and intereft, 8cc. to be difcharged out of the confolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this ad. 621,151b is. 3d. 2q. furplus of the confolidated fund, on April 5, 1790, and 34,oool. of foreign fecret fervice money, to be applied towards the fupply. Monies raifed by the malt ad, land tax ad, loans,

3.500.0001.	further loans, 2,000,oool. lottery, 790,937b 10s. vote of credit, 1,000,oool. 621,151b is. 3d. 2q. furplus of confolidated fund;

34.0001.	of foreign fecret fervice money, and 2,300,0001. hereby granted

out of confolidated fund, (hall be applied (with the relidue of the fale of French prizes) to the ufes hereafter expreffed. 2,233,636!. 17s. nd* for naval fervices. 200,oool. to pay off navy debts. 1,575b 4S. 3d. for land fervice of the ordnance, prior to Dec. 31, 1783. 13,869b os. 6d. for land fervice of the ordnance in 1788. 418,2071. 17s. jd. tor land fervice of ordnance for 1790.	23,795!.	16s.	yd,	for fea fervice of ordnance in 1788.

1,874,074b 18s. 5d. iq, for land forces for 1790; viz. 578,562b 14s. id. for 17,448 effedive men, officers, 8cc. in Great Britain, See, 317,5491.

16s. tor forces in the plantations, &c. 8,245b 10s. id. difference between Britiffi and Irifti eftabliffiments, &c.	11,435b 12s. xod. 2q. for regiments

ferving in the Eaft Indies. 64,500b for recruiting land, forces, and contingencies. 10,808b 7s. id. 3q. for fupernumerary officers. 6,409b 8s.' for general and ftaff officers in Britain. 63,276b 5s. 8d. to the paymafter general, fecretary at war, &c.	162,797b	i8s. 4d. for reduced officers of

the land forces and marines. 202b is. 8d. to reduced officers, See. of the horfe guards. 55,092b ies, for reduced officers of the Britifh American

D 2,	forces.

Hosted by Google

36	Anno	regni	tricefimo	Ge6R<3ii III. c. 33.	[‘790.

forces, and 4,9071. 10s. for allowances to them. 3,39a!. 14s. ad. for the officers late in the fervice of the States General. 3,41 il 14s. 4d. for major Grofe’s corps. 180,9381. 19s. 6d. for Chelfea hofpital. 9,9911. 9s. 3d. for widows penflons. 36,093!. 15s. to the landgrave of Heffe, for the year 1790-	356,4581.	12s.	4d.	for	extraordinaries of the army in 1789.

3,500,0001.	to difcharge exchequer bills, 29 Geo. 3. 2,000,000b to difcharge further ditto. 48,424b 15s. 3d. iflued in purfuance of addrefles of the houfe of commons. i,ooo,oool. for augmentation of the forces. 6,376). 17s. 6d. for the civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia, from Jan. 1, 1790, to fame day 1791. 4,400b for New Brunfwick in America, from June 24, 1790, to fame day 1791.	1,-840!.	for Saint John in America, from Jan. i,

1790, to fame day 1791. 2,100 b for Cape Breton in America, from June 24, 1790, to fame day 1791. 1,182b 10s. for Newfoundland, to defray charge of falaries of governor and civil officers, from April 1, 1790, to fame day 1791. 4,080b for the Bahama Blands, for fupporting civd cftabliihment, in addition to the falaries now paid to the publick officers out of the duty fund, from Jan. 1, 1790, to fame day 1791. 580b to the chief juftice of Bermuda or Somers Iflands from June 24, 1790, to fame day 1791. 600b to the chief juftice of Dominica, falary from Jan. 1, 1790, to fame day 1791-	4,558 b 7 s. 8d. for New South Wales, civil

eftablifhment from O&ober 10, 1790, to fame day 1791.	13.000b for

forts in Africa. 4,859b is. 8d, for roads and bridges in the highlands of North Britain. 238,279b 9s. 2d. 2q. for American fufferers, &c. due October 10, 1790, on all orders by virtue of a<ft 28 Geo. 3. c. 44. 6,888b 7s. 6d. Blued to H. Bradley efq. for convi&s at Plymouth. 33,228b 15s. 6d. Blued to D. Campbell efq- for convicts on the Thames. 500b Blued to the fecretary of the commiffioners under the flave a&.	200b	iflued to

the fecretary to the commiffioners for enquiring into Ioffes in Eaft Florida. 1,900b iflued to the fecretary of the commiffioners for enquiring into Ioffes of American loyalifts. 2,951b is. xod. expences of trial of W. Haftings efq. 1,oool. iflued for expences of enquiring into the emoluments of the officers of the cuftoms- i,6jab 6s. 3d. $q. iflued to T. Cotton efq. to pay bills of exchange, by dire&ion of the treafury. 3,162b 5s. 6d. paid to T. Dundas and J. Pemberton efqrs. commiffioners to enquire, in America, into Ioffes, &c. 30,520b 17s. id. for extraordinary expence9 of the mint in 1788. 51,638b 6s. 1 id. for provifions, &e. fent to fcttlements in South Wales. 910b for printing reports on the African trade. 35,785b 15s. 6d. for relief of American fufferers. 49,556b 17s. 6d. for lands in Georgia ceded to the Americans, intereft at 4 per cent, from July 5, 1788, to July 5, 1790. 231,517b 12s. 2d. iq. for deficiency of grants, 1789. Supplies to be applied for the purpofes before mentioned, &c. Rules to be obferved in the application of the fum granted for half pay. By 29 Geo. 3. c. 61. a fum not exceeding 172,787b 5s. 5d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced offfeers for 1789. The overplus of which fum to be difpofed of to officers maimed, &c. or to their widows and children^ as his Majefty ill all direct.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft to amend and continue, for a limited time, feveral alls of parliament for regulating the fhipping and carrying ll-aves in Bri-tijh veflels from the coaft of Africa.

Preamble. TITTHEREAS an aft was made in the twenty-eighth year of 28Ceo.3.c*54, Y V the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An a£f to regulate, recited. for a limited time, the (hipping and carrying Haves in Briti/h veflels from the coaft of Africa, which, hy an aft made in the laf jejfion of parliament, was amended and further continued until the prf day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety: and whereas it is expedient to continue and amend the faid laf-mentioned aft: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the adyice and content of the lords fpiritual and tern-

1790.3 Anno regni triccfimo Georg 11 III. c. 33.	37

poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall not be lawful for any From Aug. i, mafter or other perfon taking or having the charge or command *79^* n.° vef-of any Briti/h fhip or veffel whatever, which fhall clear out from fro^Great5111 any port of this kingdom, from and after the firft day of Augujl Britain, to one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, to have on board at any carry Haves one time, or to convey, carry, bring, or tranfport flaves from from Africa in the coaft of Africa to any part beyond fea, in any fuch fhip or bersthanhere^ veffel, in any greater number than in the proportion of five fuch jn fpecifkd. flaves for every three tons of the burthen of fuch fhip or veffel, fo far as the faid fhip or veffel fhall not exceed two hundred and one tons, and moreover of one fuch Have for every additional ton of fuch fhip or veffel over and above the faid burthen of two hundred and one tons; or male flaves who fhall exceed four feet four inches in height, in any greater number than in the propor-tion of one fuch male Have to every one ton of the burthen of fuch fhip or veflel, fo far as the faid fhip or veffel fhall not exceed two hundred and one tons, and moreover of three fuch male flaves, who fhall exceed the faid height of four feet four inches, for every additional five tons'of fuch fhip or veffel, over and above the faid burthen of two hundred and one tons; and every fuch Veffels to be fhip or veffel fhall be deemed and taken to be of fuch tonnage or ^na^e fe ^ burthen as is deferibed and fet forth in the refpetftive certificate fortiTm their of the regiftry of each and every fuch fhip or veffel, granted in certificates of purfuance of an a£t made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of regiftry. his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act for the further increafe and encouragement of /hipping and navigation ; and if any fuch mafter, Matters of or other perfon taking or havi'iig the charge or command of any fuch fhip or veflel, fhall a£t contrary hereto, fuch mafter or other every°fl*ave perfon as aforefaid fhall forfeit and pay the fum of thirty pounds exceeding the of lawful money of Great Britain for each and every fuch Have, limited num? exceeding jn number the proportions herein-before. limited; one moiety whereof fhall go to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof fhall go to any perfon or perfons who fhall firft fue for the fame : provided always, That if there fhall be in any fuch fhip or veflel any more than two fifth parts of the flaves who fhall be children, and who fhall not exceed four feet four inches in height, then every five fuch children (over and above the aforefaid proportion of two fifths) fhall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the faid flaves, within the true intent and meaning of this a£t: provided always. That nothing If more than herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the cafe of a fhip taking on board any number of flaves that fhall be children 8 five found fhipwrecked, or from on board any other fhip or veffel of the Turpi us where, by reafon of mutiny or infurre&ion among the flaves, or to be deemed the crew, or by failure of hands, or by any actual diftrefs of the to four veflel^ the ipafter or commaqder fhall be difabled from governing aveS| c* the fhip, or continuing the voyage, the proof of which fhall lie upon tfie mafter or other perfon having charge of fuch fhip or yeffel fo taking on board fuch flaves.

II,	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Mailers of

P 3	Qft	veffels, before

$8	Anno	regni	tricefimo	Georgii	III. c, 33.	[1-790

they land any on the arrival of any fuch fhip or veflel in any ifland in the Weft flaves in the Indies, belonging to or under the dominion of his Majefty, his tJdeclared - ke*rs or fucceffors, from the coaft of Africa, carrying or convey-on oath before anY fuch flaves as aforefaid, the mafter or other perfon hav-the officer of ing or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel {hall, the cuftoms before any of the faid flaves fhall be unfhipped or landed from theveffel1^^ &ip or veflel, repair to the neareft cuftom houfe, and there 3	'*	declare,	on oath, before the collector, or other chief officer of

the cuftoms (who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame) the burthen of fuch fhip or veflel, and fhall, at the fame time, fhew to fuch officer the certificate of the regiftry thereof; and fhall alfo deliver to the faid officer, upon oath, (who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame) an exa£f and true account of the greateft number of fuch flaves (diftinguifhing the number of males and females, and fpecifying the number of fuch flaves as fhall exceed the aforefaid height of four feet four inches), who are or fhall have been at any one time in or on board fuch fhip or veflel, before, when, or after fuch fhip or veflel quitted or departed from the coaft of Africa for that voyage; and if they	and if fuch mafter or other perfon taking or having the charge or

land flaves	command of any fuch fhip or veflel fhall unfhip or land, or fhall

contrary here- caupe to unfhipped or landed, or fhall wilfully permit or fuffer 5001*	to be unfhipped or. landed, any fuch flaves, contrary to the true

intent and meaning of this a£t, fuch mafter or other perfon as aforefaid fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, for every fuch offence, and one moiety of the faid forfeiture fhall go to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, and the other moiety fhall go to the perfon or perfons who fhall firft fue for the fame; and it fhall and may be lawful for fuch collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, -and he is hereby required to fearch, or to caufe fearch to be made, in every flaves on board Part °f f"uch &ip or veflel, to fee and to take an account of the fuch veflfels, number of fuch flaves on board fuch fhip or veflel, and to fpecify See. on penalty in fuch account the number of males and females, and alfo the

Officer of the cuftoms to take an account of the

of 50I.

Where there

is no officer of the cuf-toms, any civil officer to receive the oath of the mafter, &c.

Ko veflel to carry any flaves, unlefs.

number of flaves not exceeding four feet four inches in height, and without delay to tranfmit luch account, attefted under his hand and feal, to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in London, under the penalty of five hundred pounds : provided always, That in cafe the faid collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms fhall be abfent, or that there fhall be no fuch officer in any fuch ifland where the faid fhip fhall arrive as aforefaid, or in cafe there fhall be no other officer of the revenue, then any civil officer in the faid ifland fhall be, and he is hereby authorifed and required, upon application as aforefaid, to adminifter the faid oath to luch mafter or other perfon taking or having the charge of fuch veflel, and to receive the faid declaration of the burthen of fuch fhip as aforefaid, and to perform all the other duties aforefaid, which the faid colle&or or other chief officer of the cuftoms is hereby required to perform.

III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall not be lawful for the mafter or other perfon taking or 0	having

Hosted by Google

iygo.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 33.	§g

having the charge or command of any fuch fhip or veflel as afore- entered for faid, which fhalftbe cleared out from any port in Great Britain, that purpofe after the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and rime- Qut^and^m-ty, to take or have on board fuch fhip or veil'd, or convey, carry, iefs the fur-bring, or tranfport any Haves from the coaft of Africa to any parts geon give beyond the feas, in any fuch fhip or velfel as aforefaid, unlefs fuch bond to keep fhip or veflel {hall, at the time of her fo clearing out, have been ti4°fl™el°f entered for fuch purpofe at the cuftom houfe of the port from during the whence fuch fhip or veflel cleared out, and unlefs the furgeon of voyage| or belonging to fuch fhip or velfel fhall have given bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and fhall have left the fame in the hands of the collector or comptroller of the cuftoms in the port from whence fuch fhip or veflel fhall depart for fuch voyage to the coaft of Africa, in the penal fum of one hundred pounds, with condition that fuch furgeon fhall keep a regular and true journal, containing an account of the gre2teft number of llaves which fhall have been, at any time during fuch voyage, on board fuch fhip or veflel, from the time of the arrival of fuch fhip or veflel on the coaft of Africa as aforefaid, until her arrival at the port of her delivery, diftinguifhing the number of males and females, and of the deaths of any fuch Haves or crew of the faid fhip or veflel, and of the caufe thereof, during the voyage, from the firft departure of the faid fhip or veflel, to her arrival on the coaft of Africa, during her flay on the faid coafl, and after her departure from thence to the faid port of delivery, or during fuch time as fqch furgeon fhall have been on board fuch fhip or veffel ; and that the faid furgeon fhall deliver fuch journal to the which journal collector or other officer as aforefaid, at the firft Britiflo p°rt is to be^delu where fuch fhip or veflel fhall arrive after leaving the coaft of	of	the

Africa, and fhall make oath to the truth of fuch journal, to the cuftoms, at beft of his knowledge and belief, before fuch collector or other the firft Britiffi officer as aforefaid, who is hereby authorifed and required to ad- P°rt ®*arrl* minifter the faid oath ; and fuch colledlor or other officer as afore- ™ ’ c' faid fhall deliver to fuch mafter or other perfon as aforefaid, and Hve^to the ^ to luch furgeon refpedtively, copies of the oath of fuch mafter or mafter a copy other perfon as aforefaid, and alfo of the faid journal, which copies of his oath, fhall feverally be attefted (as true copies) by fucli collector or and to the fur-other officer as aforefaid under his hand and feal; and duplicates If^s^ournal, of the faid copies, attefted in like manner, fhall be tranfmitted and tranfmit by the faid collector, or other chief officer to the comrniflioners duplicates to of his Majefty’s cuftoms in London; and if fuch inafter, or per-	the

foil talcing or having the charge or command of any fuch fhip or cuft0ms. veflel, fhall carry his cargo of Haves to, and land the whole, or any part, in any port or ports not fubje£t to the crown of Great Britain, and fhall afterwards arrive at any Britijh ifland or port, having delivered his whole or any part of his faid cargo, fuch mafter or other perfon, and alfo the furgeon of fuch fhip or veffel, fhall make the fame declaration, deliver in the fame journal to, and take the fame oaths before, the colle&ors, or other chief officers of the cuftoms, or civil officer of the ifland or port, and receive the fame attefted certificate, in like manner as if he had

X>4	firft

Hosted by Google

4®

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii IIT. c. 33.	[1790.

firft arrived at fuch ifland or port; and if the faid {hip or vcficl fhal! not arrive at any Britijh ifland or port before her return to Great Britain, then the faid matter or other perfon, and furgeon, (hall make the faid declaration, deliver in the faid journal to, and take the faid oaths before the colleftor or other chief officer of the cuftoms of the port where they fhall firft: land (which the collector or other chief officer is hereby impowered and required to receive and adminifter), and the faid collector or other chief officer {hall forthwith tranfmit the fame to the commifiioners of his Matter! or Majefty’s cuftoms in London ; and if fuch matter or furgeon fhall furgeons a<fl> a£j- contrary hereto, fuch matter or furgeon {hall, for every fuch hereto11 to for- °ffence, forfeit the fum of one	hundred pounds, one moiety

feit 100L	whereof {hall go to his Majefty,	his heirs or fucceffors, and the

other moiety thereof fhall go to any perfon or perfons Who {hall fue for the fame.

If penalty on IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That rn^er? he not jn cafe the	Gr	other perfon having or taking the charge

Says,Their**4 or command of any fuch {hip or veffel, {hall be convicted of any veflels may be one of the faid offences before mentioned, and fhall not, within feized and	the fpace of fourteen days, pay,	or caufe to be paid, into the

fhkh	hands of the proper officer of the	court wherein the offence fhall

be profecuted, in order that the fame may be applied in manner herein directed, the amount of the penalty on fuch conviction, it fhall and may be lawful for any admiral, or other commander at fea, of any of the fhips of war, or other fhip having commiffion from his Majefty, or from his heirs or fucceffors, or for any governor of any ifland or plantation to his Majefty belonging in America or the Weft Indies, or for any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to feize and detain the faid fhip or veffel wherever found, and to convey the fame to the cuftom houfe neareft to the place where {he {hall be found; and the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms at fuch cuftom houfe, fhalJ, and he is hereby required to caufe every fuch fhip of veffel to be fold publickly by auction, and the produce arifing by fale thereof to apply towards fatisfying the faid penalty; and if there fhall remain any overplus, to pay the fame over to fuch perfon or perfons as mail prove his, her, or their property therein, or to his, her, or their lawful affigns.

Where ptnal- V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That ties may be	the feveral penalties and forfeitures infli&ed by this aCt fhall and

*u or*	may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered in any court of vice

admiralty in any part of America, or in any ifland in the Weft Indies, wherein any fuch offence fhall have been committed, or wherein any fuch {hip or veffel {hall have difpofed of the whole, or any part of her cargo, or in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfter, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh• The upper VI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That and lower ]n every fuch {hip or veffel, the upper as well as the lower cabin, ibacebetwecn anc* fpace between decks, (hall be allotted and properly pre-decks, to be pared for the reception of fuch {laves; and that after any fuch allotted to the ihip or veffel fhall have taken two third parts of her complement Saves,	1	*	*	0(

4i

*79°'] Aono regni tricefimo Georgu III. c. 33,

of fiaves on board, in the proportions herein-before limited, no goods, wares, or merchandize fhall ever be flowed or put in any luch cabin or place, in which any fuch fiaves fhall be.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, If any perfon from and after the firft day of Auguji one thoufand feven hundred take the com-and ninety, it fhall not be lawful for any perfon to become * °wh0 matter, or take or have the command or charge of any fuch (hip not qualified or vetted, at the time he fhall clear out from any port of Great as herein di-Britain, for purchafing and carrying fiaves from the coaft of r^-ed» he and Africa, unlefs fuch matter or perfon taking or having the charge fl^iforfe^ncr or command of any fuch fhip or veflel, fhall have made oath, 500!.

and delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the cuf-toms, at the port where fuch fhip or vettel fhall clear out, a certificate, attefted by the refpe&ive owner or owners, that he has already ferved in fuch capacity during one voyage, or fhall have ferved as chief mate or furgeon during the whole of two voyages, or either .as chief or other mate during three voyages, in purchafing and carrying fiaves from the coaft of Africa, under pain that fuch matter or other perfon taking or having the charge or' command of any fuch fhip or vettel, and alfo the owner or owners who fhall hire or employ fuch perfon, fhall for every fuch offence refpe&ively forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven No infurance hundred and ninety, it fhall not be lawful for any owner or to he made owners of any fuch fhip or vettel to infure any cargo of fiaves, or except any part thereof, on board the fame, againft any lofs or damage, the perils of fave and except the perils of the lea, piracy, infurre&ion, or cap- the lea, &c. ture by the King's enemies, barratry of the matter and crew, and deftru&ion by fire ; and that all and every policy of infurance hereafter made, contrary to this a&, fhall be and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforefaid, That No vettel to be no fuch fhip or vettel fhall be allowed to clear out, unlefs it fhall ^a^has^o appear to the colledor or other principal officer of the cuftoms at fargeo^who* the port, that there is one furgeon at leaft engaged to proceed on has patted his board fuch fhip or vettel, and unlefs fuch furgeon fhall have pro- examination, duced and delivered to fuch colle&or or other principal officer of

the cuftoms, a certificate or warrant of his having patted his examination at furgeons hall, or at fome publick or county hof-pital, or at the royal college of phyficians or royal college of furgeons in Edinburgh, or fhall have ferved as furgeon or furgeon’s mate in his Majefty’s fleet or armies, of whichcertificate or warrant the faid collector or other principal officer fhall give to the faid furgeon an attefted copy, gratis.

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That If the officer if it fhall be made appear, to the fatisfa&ion of the collector or a* Por* °f. other principal officer of the pqrt where fuch fhip or veflel fhall be fabsfied ^ be difeharged, that there fhall not have died more than in the thattherehave proportion of two fiaves in the hundredj from the time of the ar- not died on

rival the voyage

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 33.	[1790,

rival of fuch (hip or veflel on the coaft of Africa^ to the time of her arrival at her port of difchargc in any of the iflands of the Weji Indies, belonging to or under the dominion of his Majefty, his> heirs or fuccefTors, in fuch cafe the collector or other principal officer {hall, and he is hereby authorifed and required to make out certificates, fpecifying the number of Haves that appear to the^of^'cfth11 ^ave ^een ta^eri on hoard the faid fhip or veflel, and the number commiffion-6 have died within the period above mentioned, one of which ers of the certificates fhall be delivered to the mailer, and the other to the cuftoms, they furgeon of fuch {hip or veflel, and on production of fuch certifi-cates? tjje commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ively fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and required to dire£t the fum of one hundred pounds to be paid to the mafler, and the fum of fifty pounds to be paid to the furgeon, of fuch {hip or veflel, out of any money that fhall be in the hands of the receiver general of the cuftoms of England and Scotland re-fpeftively j or if it fhall be made appear to the collector or other principal officer as aforefaid, that there fhall not have died more than in the proportion of three flaves in the hundred, from the time of the arrival of fuch fhip or veflel on the coaft oi Africa to the time of her arrival at her port of difeharge in any of the faid IVeJl India iflands, in fuch cafe the collector or principal officer as aforefaid fhall, and he is hereby required and authorifed to make out like certificates, and to deliver one to the mafler and the other to the furgeon of fuch fhip or veflel, and the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeftively fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, on production of fuch certificates, to direCt the fum of fifty pounds to be paid to the mafter, and the fum of twenty-five pounds to be paid to the furgeon of fuch fhip or veflel.

XI.	And whereas it is juft and warrantable that compenfation Jhould be made to individuals who may have fujlained Ioffes in confer quence of the aft made in the twenty -eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a£t to regulate, for a limited time, *	the fhipping and carrying flaves in Briti/h veflels from the coaft

Commiffion- of Africa; be it further enadted. That Brook TVatfon efquire, Sa-ers to enquire mue[ Beachcroft efquire, and IVilliam Roe efquire, (hall be, and fuftainedln they are hereby appointed commiflioners for the purpofe of en-confequence quiring into any Ioffes which may have been fuftained, in confe-of 28 Geo. 3. quence of the aforefaid act, by any merchants or owners of any r* 54’	^ lhiPs or veflels engaged in the African trade, who fhall have made

applied prior6 application to the faid commiflioners before the firft day of Sep-tember one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight; and that all perfons, having made fuch applications, fhall, on or before the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, lay before the faid commiflioners full ftatements of the grounds of their refpeCtive claims, fpecifying the particulars of all the expences* ^mmiffioners net proceeds, profits, or Ioffes, attending the voyage or adven-the grounds ture in refpeCt of which fuch application fhall have been made, of their together with all fuch circumftances as fhall appear to the faid claims, &c, commiflioners nOceffary for their information} in order to afeer-

tain

42

more than 2 flaves in the 100, he is to give certificates to the mafter and furgeon, and

are to order the mafter looh and the furgeon 50I.

Like certificates to be given where the mortality has not been more than 3 in the 100, which is to entitle the mafter to 50I. and the furgeon to 251.

to Sept. 1,

1788.

Such perfons, by Aug. 1,

1790, to lay before the

Hosted by

Google

179°'] Anno regni tricefimo GeORGII III. c* 33.

tain the lodes of the perfons fo applying; and the faid commif-fioners, or any two of them, fhall have power to examine upon oath, touching the matters of the faid claims, all perfons whom the faid commidioners (hall think fit; and all perfons are hereby dire£ted and required punctually to attend the faid commidioners, at fuch time and place as they {hall appoint; and the faid commidioners, as foon as they fhall have compleated the examination of the feveral claims laid before them, {hall determine the amount of the lodes which bona fide have been fuftained by any of the faid claimants in confequence of the aforefaid a£t, and which the faid claimants {hall not have been able to avoid, arid (hall report, as foon as conveniently may be, to both houfes of parliament, what compenfation fhall appear to the faid commidioners to be reafon-able to be made to fuch claimants; and the faid commidioners, before they proceed to take any ftep in purfuance of this a£t, (hall take an oath before the mafter of the rolls for the time being, or one of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of King’s bench or common pleas, or one of the barons of the exchequer (which they or either of them, are hereby authorifed and required to administer) in the form following; (that is to fay),

43

Commidioners to determine the amount of lodes, and report to parliament the compenfetion to be made*

Commidioners to take the following

I A. B. do fuuear, That, according to the beji of my J>kill and know- Oath.

ledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute the feveral powers and trufts vefied in me by virtue of an a£l, intituled, An a£fc to amend and continue, for a limited time, feveral afts of parliament, for regulating the (hipping and carrying {laves in Britijh veffels from the co a ft of Africa.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That the commidioners for Treafury to executing the office of lord high treafurer, or the lord high trea- order a,oooI. furer for the time being, is and are hereby authorifed and required to iflue and caufe to be paid all fuch fums of money, not exceed- j^nt ing two thoufand pounds, to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid clerks, &c. commidioners fhall, by writing under their hands, defire or diretft, out of any part of the publick monies remaining in his Majefty’s exchequer; which fum fo ifliied and paid fhall be employed for the payment of clerks, meffengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other neceflary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this a£t, and in fuch manner and in fuch proportions as (hall be appointed by the faid commidioners, by writing under their hands and feals in that behalf, the fame to be accounted for, by the perfon or perfons to whom the fame fhall be ifiiied and paid, according to the courfe of his Majefty’s exchequer, without any fee or other charges to he taken or demanded for the iffuing and payment of the fame, or on the paffing of the faid accounts, other than fuch fum as the faid commidioners fhall appoint, and which money fo iffued fhall not be fubje£t to any tax, duty, rate, or afleffment whatloever, impofed by authority of parliament.

XIII.	And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe of a vacancy or vacancies by death or refxgaation of His Majefty

any to appoint to

Hosted by Google

vacancies of commiffion-ers during the recefs of parliament.

Before any veifel is cleared outwards, the matter, officers, and mariners, to execute articles of agreement in the forms hereunto annexed; and no other form to be ufed on penalty of 50I.

Mufter roll to be regularly kept, Scc.

Penalty for figning falfe jnufter rolls, See.

No officer, , &c.to be turned over or dif-charged, but under the cir-eumftances herein mentioned.

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 33. [1790.

any one or more of the faid commiffioners, during the recefs of parliament, it {hall and may be lawful for his Majefty to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he may think proper to fupply fuch vacancy or vacancies, and that every perfon fo nominated and appointed fhall be held and confidered to be inverted with all the fame powers as arc delegated to the commiffioners appointed by this a£t.

XIV.	And, for the better regulation, encouragement, and prefer-nation of the health of the officers and feamen, employed in Jhips and veffiels trading to the coajl of Africa for faves, and from thence to the Weft Indies and America; he it enadted by the authority afore -faid, That from and after the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, before any {hip or veflel proceeds to fea, the mafter, officers, and mariners fhall fign and execute arti^ cles of agreement, and a mufter roll, in the prefence of, and wit-nefled by the clearing officer and one of the tidefmen of the port from whence the {hip departs; and a duplicate of the articles of agreement and mufter roll, duly figned and executed, {hall be delivered to the aforefaid clearing officer, in order to its being lodged with the proper officer in the cuftom houfe, according to the forms hereunto annexed; which agreement {hall be conclufive to all parties for the time contracted for; and no other form what-foever of articles of agreement, or mufter roll, {hall be ufed, under the penalty of fifty pounds, one half to be paid to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, and the other half to the informer, or other perfon who {hall fue for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That a continuation of the mufter roll {hall be regularly and duly kept during the voyage; alfo a log book, wherein all penalties, forfeitures, and charges againft any officer or feaman {hall be regularly entered and figned by the mafter, chief mate, and furgeon, and delivered in upon oath, together with the mufter roll, on the arrival of the {hip or veflel at her difehargiqg port in Great Bri~ tain, to the collector or other chief officer thereof; and if any mafter, chief mate, or furgeon, {hall be converted of figning falle mufter rolls, articles of agreement, or log book, he or they {hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, and {hall alfo fuffer fix months imprifonment.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That no officer, mariner, or feaman, {hall be turned over or difeharged, upon any pretence whatfoever, unlefs into his Majefty’s {hips of war, or to affift a {hip in aCIual diftrefs, which is to be certified by the principal officers of both {hips concerned, and an agreement made in writing with the faid officers or men fo lent, or, upon preferment, or under ill ftate of health, with the confent of the party, for which a certificate {hall be given from the captain of any of his Majefty’s {hips or veflels (if any are prefent) or, in their abfence, two jirfticcs of the peace, or the colle&or and comptroller of the cuf-toms at the place or port where fuch {hip or velfel {hall be, or {hall firft arrive, which certificate fhall bp returned with the muf-

' ' *' ’ J ''	' ''' ter

Hosted by Google

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 33.'	45

ter roll and log book, on the arrival of the fhip at her delivering port in Great Britain.

XVII.	And be it farther enabled, That no matter, commander, No Hops, &c. or other perfon, /hall fupply the officers or mariners, Teamen, or to be fuppfied feafaring men, with more flops, tobacco, fpirits, or any other fo^h of the article whatfoever, than to the amount of one fourth part of the monthly monthly wages of fuch officer, mariner. Teaman, or feafaring man. wages.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled. That if any officer, ma- Regulations, riner, or Teaman, fhall behave in a riotous, feditious, or mutinous ^£^g^dto manner, it fhall be lawful for the commander or commanding behaving in a officer to put fuch officer, mariner, or Teaman, into confinement, riotous, fedi-for a time not exceeding twenty-four hours, before the fame is tious, or mu-reported to the captain or commander of any of his Majefty’s tmous nian-fhips or veflels (being prefent, or within a convenient diftance) ncr*

who is hereby authorifed to enquire into the caufe of fuch complaint, and to examine upon oath, if found neceflary, and to grant iuch relief and remedy therein as the cii;cumftances of the cafe may require; and in cafe none of his Majefty’s fhips are prefent, the caufe of complaint fhall be fully examined into by the matter and two officers, in the prefence of the fhip’s company; and if it fhall be judged neceflary, for the fafety of the fhip and cargo, to continue the offender or offenders in confinement, fuch determination fhall be drawn up in writing, with the reafons for coming to fuch refolution ftated at large, and figned by the matter and two officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to report, without delay, to the captain or commander of the firft fhip or veffel belonging to his Majefty they may fall in with, and in default thereof to report the fame to the governor or chief officer of any Briti/h fort on the coaft of Africay or to the governor of'any of the Britijh TVeJl India iflands, on their arrival at any port or road therein, that fuch meafures may be taken to bring the offender or offenders to juftice as the nature of the cafe will admit.

XIX,	And be it further ena&ed, That the matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of every fuch fhip or veffel, fhall caufe a printed abftradl: of this a£I, and alfo a copy of the fchedule (A.) and of the mutter roll, refpe£tively annexed to this a£t, to be hung up and affixed to the moft publick place of fuch fhip or veffel, and fhall caufe the fame to be con-ftantly kept and renewed, fo that at all times they may be ac-ceffible to the officers and Teamen on board of fuch fhip or veflel, upon pain that every fuch matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of every fuch fhip or veffel, who fhall negleft to affix and renew the fame, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XX.	And be it further ena£ted, That if any officer, mariner, or Teaman, charged with mutiny or fedition, fhall be delivered over or taken into cuflody by the order of the governor or chief officer of any fort on the coaft of Africa, or the governor of any of the iflands in the Britijh Weji Indies, a full ftatement, upon oath (which they are hereby impowered.to admirufter) fhall be

made

Mailer to caufe a printed abftradt of this a<5t, &c. to be hung up in the moft publick place in his veflel, on penalty of aol.

If mutinous officers. See. be taken into cuftody by order of a governor in Africa, or the Weft Indies, &

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

46	Anho	regni	tricefimo	GeoRGII	III.	c.	33.	[1790*

ftatement, made out and lodged with the faid governor, together with the be^odffe^with na^nes °f t^le witneffes who are to fupport' the charge alledged the governor, againft the prifoner or prifoners, in order to their being fent home &c. and if the for trial in the high court of admiralty for the offence or offences matter does alledged againft him or them; and in cafe the faid mafter or com-thetna^h^ manc^er the feid or veffel {hall riegleft to appear at the ftiall incur trial, upon being duly fummoned, or publjck notice of trial being fuch penalty given in the London Gazette, he (hall not only be nonfuited, but as the court fhall incur fuch further penalty as the court fhall adjudge, fhall adjudge. XXI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Officers, &c. That upon the arrival of every (hip or veffel at her difcharging to continue in port in Qreat Britain, the officers and feamen therein fhall be veffe/is clear- continued in full pay and provifions until the fhip is cleared in-ed inwards, wards, or their accounts fettled and paid; and that all wages due to run men (hall be forfeited and paid, one half to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital, and the other half to the merchants hofpital Wages of run of the port to which fuch fhip belongs; and all other forfeitures men to go to fhall be applied as is fpecified in the articles of agreement; any Hofoital^&c cuftom> law, or tifage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

>	*	XXII.	And	be	it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

Where of- Thdt any offence committed in breach or violation of this aft, fences may be may be tried in any court of oyer and terminer, in any county in naTtiesTuecT* England wherein any fuch offence fhall have been committed, or, for.	in cafe fuch offence fhall have been committed on the feas, or in

parts beyond the feas, then in fuch county within which the fhip on board which fuch'offence fhall have been committed fhall

Limitation of aftions.

Perfons taking falfe oaths, to incur the pains of per* jury, See.

Continuance of this aft-

have-cleared out, or in the county of Middlefea*; and any penalty or forfeiture inflifted by this aft, may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered in any court of record in Great Britain, and in every fuch aftion or fuit the party againft whom judgement fhall be given (whether plaintiff or defendant) fhall pay double cofts of fuit; and every fuch aftion fhall and may be brought at any time within three years after the offence committed, and not afterwards, and every fuch aftioi} fhall be carried on without wilful delay.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon, taking any oath by this aft authorifed or required to be taken, fhall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if any perfon fhall unlawfully procure or fuborn any perfon to take any oath, by this aft authorifed or required to be taken, whereby fuch perfon fhall commit wilful perjury, every fuch perfon fhall incur and fuffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflifted upon perfons committing \yilful and corrupt perjury, or fubor-nation of perjury.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted. That this aft fhall continue in force till the firft day ol Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and no longer, except for the purpofe of trying or fuing any perfon in confequence of any offence or offences committed iii breach or violation of this aft, or hearing and determining upon fuph caufes and claims as fhall have been made Qt come before the commiffioners appointed by this aft, for com-

penfation

Hosted by Google

179°.} Anno regni tricefitflo Georgii III. c. 33.

penfation for lofle$ fuftaiped under the regulations of and within the time limited by tljis a£t, or any other a£t or a£ts herein-before mentioned.

SCHEDULE (A,)

ARTICLES of agreement between the matter, officers, mariners, feamen, and feafaring men of the fhip	bound

from the port of upon an intended voyage to the coaft of Africa, for	from thence to the Weft Indies, or America, and afterwards to	in	Great Britain, or to

her delivering port in Europe.

FIRST, The matter does hereby covenant, agree, and engage with the faid officers, feamen, feafaring men, landfmen, and boys, That he will pay, or caufe to be paid, to each and every of them, at the rate of the wages per month, fteriing value, as againft each perfon’s name is expreffed in the mutter roll.

Secondly, The faid matter does further agree and engage with the faid officers, mariners, feamen, feafaring men, landfmen, and boys, that they {hall be daily and regularly fupplied with good and wholefome victuals, and a portion of wine or fpirits, as hereafter fpecified; the faid provifions to be iflued and drefled in the ufual manner in which it is done on board his Majefty’s fhips of war, and ferved out to the (hip’s company in the manner following; viz. To each man on

Sunday, - One pound and an half of beef, containing fixteen ounces to the pound, and a pint of flour.

Monday, - One pound of pork, containing fixteen ounces to the pound, and half a pint of peafe.

Tuefday, - One pint of oatmeal, and two ounces of butter, and four ounces of cheefe; or, One pound of flock fi£h, with one eighth of a pint of oil, and a quarter of a pint of vinegar, in lieu of butter and cheefe.

Wednefday, The fame as Monday.

Thurfday, The fame as Sunday.

Friday, - The fame as Tuefday.

Saturday, - The fame as Monday.

Each perfon, befides, to have iix pounds of bread per week; and a quarter of a pint of fpirits, or half a pint of wine, together with of water, per day, during the voyage.

In lieu of peafe and oatmeal may be ferved rice, Indian corn, yams, or calavances.

In cafe of being put to fliort allowance, the matter, officers, and feamen are to be at the fame allowance of provifions or water, and to be allowed fhort allowance money, at the rate of three penct per day if at two thirds allowance, and four pence half* penny per day, per man, if at half allowance, and to be paid their fliort allowance money ten days before the veflel fails from the Weft Indies or America♦	r	•	-

And

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo GeorOU III. c. 33.	[179b*

And it is hereby further covenanted and agreed by and between the faid parties* That the mafter of the faid (hip, at his or the owners proper coft and charge, will hire and employ the natives in their craft, to wood and water the faid fhip, during her contU nuance on the coaft of Africa^ if fuch natives can be procured, under the direction of a patroon belonging to the faid fhip. 1

And it is further agreed on the part of the faid mafter, That whenever the officers and feamen are employed trading in craft up the rivers, that the faid mafter will, on the part of the owners, furnifh the parties fo employed with a fufficient quantity of painted canvas, or tarpawling, for an awning, and provifions for the time, in the proportion, per diem, as is fet forth in the foregoing article, with proper utenfils and fire to drefs the fame, and upon failure thereof, for every fuch negle£t he (hall forfeit double the value of provifions.

The faid mafter does further agree and engage, That there fhall be a fpace referved for half the fhip’s company to fhelter themfelves, while the flaves are on board; if a frigate-built fhip, it (hall be under the half deck; or in the fteerage, or under a Handing awning of wpod, well caulked, in any other fhip or veflel.

It is hereby further agreed by the faid mafter. That he will not, upon any pretence whatfoever, turn over or difcharge any of the officers or fhip’s company belonging to the faid fhip, unlefs on promotion, or to aflift a fhip aftually in diftrefs, and not then, unlefs properly certified as before exprefled in this a<3:: and the faid mafter does hereby further agree to advance one month’s pay to the officers and mip’s company before the faid fhip departs from Great Britain, at the time of fettling the river or harbour pay; and that the monthly wages fhall commence from that period: and it is further agreed by the faid mafter, That he will pay, or caufe to be paid, one month’s pay after the landing of the flaves in the Weft Indies or America, ten days before the failing of the faid fhip in homeward-bound paflage: and alfo the faid mafter engages to make the general fignal for failing twenty-four hours before the departure of the faid fhip; videlicet, by loofing the fore top fail and firing a gun.

And we the officers, mariners, feamen, feafaring men* iandf-men, and boys, in confederation of the monthly or other wages, foregoing ftipulations, and engagements, do feverally promife and agree, and bind ourfelves by thefe prefents to behave with due fubordination and refpeft, and to obey the lawful commands of our commander or fuperior officers on board the faid fhip, or boats thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faithful feamen and mariners, and at all places where the faid fhip fhall touch at, or put into, or anchor, during the faid voyage, to do our utmoft endeavours for the prefervation of the faid fhip and cargo; and not to negleft or refufe doing our duty, by night or by day; nor go out of the laid fhip on board any other veflel, or be on fhore, under any pretence whatfoever, without leave firft obtained of our commander or C9mmanding officer on board: and further. That we will* on no account whatfoever, leave or defert the laid

Hosted by Google

j79Ch] Anno fegni tricefitfio GEORGII III. c. 33.'

Chip without the mafter’s confent (unlefs to ferve on board any of his Majefty’s {hips) till the abovefaid voyage be ended* and the faid {hip difcharged, under the forfeiture of our wages: and we do further agree,. That, when abfent upon leave, we will immediately repair on board, when required fo to do by our commander or any of our fuperior officers, on failure thereof to forfeit for fuch difobedience feven days pay, to be charged againft our wages, for every fuch offence : and we do further agree and acknowledge* That forty-eight hours abfence* without leave, {hall be deemed a total defertion from the faid {hip, and our wages forfeited as above agreed on, unlefs good and fufficient caufe' can be affigned for fuch abfence.

And it is further agreed by us, the faid officers and mariners belonging to the faid Ihip, That we will not demand our wages, or any part thereof, except the value of a fourth part of our wages to be fupplied in flops or other neceffaries, and one month’s pay, with our, {hort allowance money then due, in the Weft Indies or America, until the arrival of the faid {hip at her delivering port, except we {hould be imprelfed, or enter on board any of his Majefty’s {hips, or be difcharged by mutual confent, agreeable to the foregoing certificate, as fpecified in this a£t.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the faid officers, mariners, feamen, feafaring men, landftnen, and boys, That whatever ftores, furniture, or apparel each or any of us receive into our charge belonging to the faid {hip, {hall be accounted for; and in cafe any thing fhould be loft or damaged by our negligence or careleffnefs, it {hall be made good to the mafters or owners out of the wages of fuch officers or feamen by whofe negligence it has happened*

Vol. xxxvil

k

SCHEDULE

Hosted

SCHEDULE (B.)

						M U S		TER ROLL.								
Officers and Men’s Names.	Quality.	Where  Born.	CD  to  <	Years at Sea. |	Time of Entry, and Place where.	Time when, and Place where dif-charged,died, run, or drowned.	Caufe of Difcharge, , Death, or drowned.	Number of Months and Days on Board.	Wages  per  Month.	Advance  Money.	Hofpital  Duty.	Amount of Slops fupplied.	Amount of Dead  Men’s  Cloaths.	Amount  of Short Allowance Money.	Total Amount of Wages due when difcharg-ed, &c.&c.	Amount of Run Men’s Pay.
									£.s.d.	£■ sd.	£■ s.	£. s. d.	£■ d.	£. s. d.	£■	£■ d.
					Nov. 5,	Died Jan. 5,		M. D.					| ,			
					1785.	1786.	Fever.	% —	600	’600	0 200 0 O		14 16 9-	0 0 6	14 0 0	OOO
John Jones.	M after.		30	15	Briftol.	Cape Coaft.										

50	Anno	regni	tricefimo	Georgii	III.	c.	33.	[(790.

179°-] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii Ilia c. 34*

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

THESE, are to certify, That the number of flaves that appear to have been taken on board the (hip or vefTel called laden with flaves from the coafl of Africa [fpecify-ing what part of the coafi Jhe pur chafe either flaves at] of the tonnage or burthen of	[according	to	the	tonnage	or	burthen of

the faid fhip or vefiel, as deferibed and fet forth in the certificate of the regiflry of the faid fhip or vefTel, granted in purfuance of an a£fc made and palled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for the further encreafe and encouragemeni of flipping and navigation] were	whereof

(being male flaves) did not exceed refpedlively four feet four inches in height; and that the number that have died, from the time of the arrival of fuch fhip or vefiel on the coafl of Africa, to the time of her arrival in this her port of difeharge, amounts to	flaves,	and not more.

Cuflom houfe,

dated the	of

CAP. XXXIV.

An aftfor giving relief to fuch perfons as have fujfered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy dijfentions in America, in coJifequence of their loyalty to his Majejly ^ and attachment to the Britifh government; for making compenjation to perfons who fur* nijhed proviftons, or other neceffary articles, to the army or navy in America during the wai\ or whofe property was ufed, feizeef or defrayed for the carrying on the puhlick fervice there; and afo for making compenfation to fuch perfons as have fujfered in their properties, in confequence of the cejfwn of the province of Eaft Florida to the king of Spain.

Mod gracious Sovereign*

WHEREAS inquiries have been made, under the authority of Fream federal afts of parliament^ made and puffed in the twenty-third^ twenty-fifth) twenty-fixth, twenty-feventh, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth years of your Majcjly's reign, into ihe toffs of all fuch perfons as have fujfered in their t'igbts and properties, during ihe late unhappy dijfentions in America, in confequence of their loyalty to your Majejly, and attachment to the Britifh government \ and into ihe claims of perfons ivbo furnijbed provifions or other neceffary articles to the army or navy in America during ihe late war, or whofe property was ufed., feized, or defrayed., for the carrying on ihe puhlick fervice there; and 'afo under the authority of an aft, made in ihe twenty-fixth year of your Majejly s reign, into ihe Ioffes of all fuch perjons as have fujfered in their properties, in confequence of the ceffion of the province Florida to the king of Spain : and whereas it is conffient with your Majejly9 s munificence, and the honour and char after of the Britifh nation, that liberal relief fnould be given in conf deration of the Ioffes

E 2	cf

Hosted by Google

Commiffioners for enquiring into the Ioffes of American lufferers, to tranfmit to the treafury, by July 5, 1790, books made up in the manner herein directed, of Ioffes fo fuflained.

Commiffion-ers for enquiring into Ioffes of perfons by the ceffion of Eaft Florida to Spain, to tranfmit to the treafury, by July 5, 1790, books made up in the manner herein directed of Ioffes lb fuf-tained.

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 34.	[179a*'

of all fuch perfons as have fuffered in their rights and properties as aforefaid: may it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the commiffioners appointed by the faid abls to enquire into the lofles and fervices of fuch perfons^ who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeflions, during the late unhappy diifentions in America, and into the claims and Ioffes aforefaid, (hall, on or before the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, make up and tranfmit to the commiffioners of his Majefly’s treafury, now or for the time being, a book or books ligned by themfelves, or any two or more of them, containing the names and additions of all the feveral perfons w7ho have already produced fatisfablory evidence of their Ioffes, with the amount of the Ioffes fuflained by each perfon re-fpeblively, as the fame have been or fhall be afeertained and fettled by the laid commiffioners refpetffiively; abating therefrom, in the cafe of all perfons corning within any of the daffies refpec-tively deferibed, in the flatement of the claims examined by the faid commiffioners, under the titles of loyalifls zvho have rendered fervices to Great Britain ; loyalifls who bore arms in the fervice of Great Britain; loyalifls zealous and uniform; loyalifls who took oaths to the American fates, but afterwards joined the Britifh; loyalifls tvho bore arms for the American fates, but afterwards joined the Britifh; and loyalifs fufaining Ioffes under the prohibitory a£l\. ten pounds per centum of fuch part thereof as fhall exceed ten thousand pounds, where the amount of fuch Ioffes fhall not be above thirty-five thoufand pounds; and alfo abating therefrom, in the cafe of the claimants under the will ok John earl ok Granville, forty pounds per centum ok fuch part thereof as (hall exceed ten thoufand pounds; and in the cafe of the right honourable Robert lord Fair-fax, twenty pounds per centum of fuch part thereof as fhall exceed ten thoufand pounds; and likewife abating therefrom fuch fums as the faid perfons who have fuffered in their rights, properties, and profeffions, during the late unhappy diffentions in Americay have already received, or fhall, before the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, receive, towards making good the Ioffes fuflained by them; and the faid commiffioners appointed to enquire into the Ioffes of all fuch perfons who have fuffered in their properties by the ceffion of Eaf Florida to the king of Spain fhall, on or before the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, make up and tranfmit to the commiffioners of his Majefly’s treafury, now or for the time being* a book or books ligned by them, containing the names and additions of all the feveral perfons who have already produced fatisfadlory evidence of their Ioffes, with the amount of the loffe9 fuflained by each perfon refpeclively, as the fame have been or fhall be afeer-tained and fettled by the faid commiffioners refpedlively, abating therefrom fuch fums as the faid perfons, who have fuffered in their properties by the ceffion of Eaf Florida to the king of Spain*

have

Hosted by Google

*79°-]

Anno regni tricefimo GeoRGM III. c.

34*	53

have already received towards making good the Ioffes fuftained

by them; and the (aid commiflioners of his Majeft^’s treafury, Treafury to

now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, are direct the ex-

hereby authorifed and impowered to iffue their warrant to the che5uf-r J r y	.	F	,r.	n yr - n ,	,	. r , make forth

auditor or the receipt or his Majelty s exxhequer, to make forth orders for the

ftanding orders (for which no tallies fhall be made or ffruck), in.fums fet the names of the feveral perfons inferted in fuch book or books, againft the for fuch fum and fums, not being fradtional parts of fifty pounds, f^^rgfr^e and alfo diftindf orders for all and every fum to which any per- fpe&ively. fon fhall be intitled by virtue of this lefs than fuch fum of fifty pounds, as fhall refpedfively be fet againft their names, as a com-penfation for their feveral Ioffes; and where the compenfation allowed to any of the faid fufferers fhall be a greater fum than fifty pounds, and the fractional part of fifty pounds, in every fuch cafe* one order fhall be made out for fuch fractional part of fifty pounds, and one or more order or orders for the remaining fum, to complete the whole of the compenfation to which each refpeCtive person (hall or may be intitled unto by virtue of this act; all which Paid orders fhall be'figned by three or more of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, and fhall be irrevocable; which feveral and refpeCtive orders fhall Orders to carry an intereft after the rate of three pounds and ten fhillings per centum per annum, from the fifth day of July one thoufand feven jujy ^ 1788. hundred and eighty-eight, all which orders fhall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid, without any deduction' whatfoever, out of any money that fhall be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the aids or fupplies which fhall be granted by parliament, in or for the fervice of the years one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, one thoufand ^ feven hundred and ninety-three, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, to the feveral perfons fo to be intitled to fuch orders, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns; and the principal Principal and fums contained in fuch orders fhall be paid off, with the grow- intereft to be ing intereft which fhall be due thereupon, by half-yearly inftal-ments of fix pounds and five fhillings per centum, on the fifth day of Aprils and the tenth day of October in each year, till the whole fums for which they are made out, together with the intereft thereupon, are redeemed and paid off, or money referved in the exchequer for that purpofe; the firft half-yearly inftalment, to- the fir ft to be gether with the intereft on the faid orders, to be computed from April 5, 1791. the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight as aforefaid, to be due and payable on the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and the intereft payable in refpedf of fuch orders fhall ceale and be abated in fuch proportion as the principal fum fhall be paid off* and difcharged; and the cominifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifed and impovy-

E 3	ere4

paid off by half-yearly inftalments;

Hosted by Google

54

Orders to be affignable.

Treafury to direct payment on Odh 10, 1790, of all orders under 50'b

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 34.	[1790.

ered to iHue their warrant to the auditor of the receipt of the ex-* chequer to pay, out of any money remaining there of the faid aids or fupplies, remaining for the lervice of the year in which luch intereft and inftalment fhall become due, the refpeftive film and fums to which the proprietors of each and every luch order for fifty pounds, and the equi multiples of fifty pounds, made out by virtue of this aft, fhall be intitled, by inftalments of fix pounds and five {hillings per centum, together with the half-years intereft due upon fuch Him as fhall be remaining unpaid and undifcharged on each half-yearly day of payment, when fuch proportional fum fhall be fo directed to be paid off.

II.	And be it further enaftcd, That the Handing orders which fhall be made out at the exchequer in purfuance and under the authority of this aft, {hall be affgnable on the back of fuch orders, on thfi alignment being attefted by two or more credible wit-neffes, which afiignment fhall intitle the ailignee, his executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, to the benefit attending fuch order or orders, and to the intereft which fhall become due and payable in refpeft of the fame.

III.	And be it enabled, That the commifiioners of the treafiiry now being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, fhall be, and they are hereby authorifed, im-powered, and required, out of any of the aids or fupplies that fhall be granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, to direft the payment at the receipt of the exchequer of the principal fums contained in all and every the feveral and refpeftive orders made forth for any fum or fums of money lefs than fifty pounds, on the tenth day of October one thoufand 1'even hundred and ninety, together with the intereft thereon, computed from the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, to the faid tenth day of October one- thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

Gommiffion- IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That io\h° Iht'^ *n orc*cr tQ Prevent fuch orders from being fraudulently obtained ers certificates ^roni the auditor of the exchequer, or his officers, by any other of the fums to perfon o.r perfons than thole who fhall be duly entitled to the fame, which they the faid refpeftive commifiioners appointed for afcertaining the arc intitled, to l0figs af0re mentioned, fhall make forth and deliver to each and tdd to'the " every perfon named in the laid books, or to his or her lawful at-t re a fury, &c. torney, to be tranlmitted by them to the commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury, a certificate containing the name and addition qf fuch claimant, and the fum to which he or fire fhall be intitled ; which certificate fhall be carried to the proper oificer in the office of the faid auditor of the exchequer, who, upon receipt thereof, fhall deliver the order made out for the benefit of fuch perfon, and fhall take a receipt cn the back of fuch certificate as a dif-charge for the faid order.

Orders to be V. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the ox-numiK-red ders directed to be made out for the purpofes in this aft men-ballyf1^1" tioned, fhall be numbered in an arithmetical order, beginning *	^yith number one, and fo proceeding: in an arithmetical progref-

fion

55

?I790*] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 34.

fion afcending, wherein the common excefs or difference fhall ‘always be one, and fhall be regiftered accordingly.

VI.	And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Claufes of

all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, - contained in an aft made	exceptliS

and paffed in this feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for con- fuch as charge tinuing and granting to his Mdjejly certain duties upon malt, vium, the loans, &c. cyder, and perry,for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred

and ninety, (except fuch claufes as charge the loans or exchequer bills authorifed to be made by the laid aft, and except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid aft, and except the direftions for making forth tallies for loans made out), fhall be applied and extended to the orders which fhall be made out in purfuance of this a61, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid claufes were repeated and re--enafted in the body of this prefent aft. -

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore-

faid, That in cafe any of the faid orders made forth by virtue of Treafury may this aft fhall be filled up by writing or indorfements thereon, or	or"

by any accident be defaced, it fhall and may be lawful for the madeouMn commillioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or lieu of fuch-as the high treafurer for the time being, and he and they are hereby may be de- ' authorifed and impowered by his or their dire&ion, from time to faced, &c. time, to caufe new orders to be made forth at the receipt of the exchequer, in lieu of fuch orders which fhall be fo filled up or defaced, which orders fo filled up or defaced fhall be cancelled at the

receipt of the exchequer, and kept there on a file or files for that purpofe*, and fuch orders fo to be made forth in lieu thereof fhall, in all refpefts, be fubjeft to the fame rules, methods,’ and continuance, and have and be intitled to the fame and like benefits and advantages, and bear the fame numbers, dates, and principal funis, as was or were borne by fuch order or orders fo cancelled.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, That out of any of the aids or fupplies to be grant- Treafury may •ed to his Majefty for the fervice of the years one thoufand feven reward per-hundred and ninety, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one,

one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, one thoufand feven tion of this hundred and ninety-three, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- a<ft. four, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, * one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, or out of fuch monies as fhall or may remain in the exchequer of the consolidated fund, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, to reward fuch perfon or perfons that fhall or may be in any ways employed in the execution of this aft for their labour, pains, and fervice therein reflectively, and to Satisfy and difeharge fuch incidental’ charges and expences as fhall neceffarily attend the execution of the fame, in fuch manner as the faid CQmmiffioners pf the treafury, or any

E 4	three

Hosted by

Google

5 6

If fupplies be not granted for payment of orders, they fhall be paid out of the con lb lid ated fund.

Money ilTued from eonfoli-dated fund, to be replaced out of the firlt fupplies.

Perfons forging orders, Sic. to fuller death.

Preamble. 20 Geo. 3,

£ 7>

and

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 35.	[1790,

three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, fhall from time to time think fit and reafonable in that behalf.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies fhall not be granted before the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, or before the fifth day of April in each fubfequent year, before the whole of the faid orders, herein direfted to be made forth, are fatisfied and paid off with intereft for the fame, then fuch fum as fhould or ought to be fatisfied and paid purfuant to this aft, in part of the principal fum of fuch orders, together with the intereft that fhall then have become due, fhall be charged upon fuch monies as, at any time after the faid fifth day of April in each year, fhall be or remain in the exchequer of the confolidated fund, (except fuch monies of the faid confolidated fund as are appropriated to any nfe or ufes by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf); and fuch monies of the faid confolidated fund fhall and may be iffued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly ffated and ascertained, for and -towards paying off fuch inffalment or inftal-meats, and the intereff due and payable on the feveral orders, acr. cording to the diredtions of this aft \ any aft or afts of parliament, or any claufe or claufes in any adt or adts of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That whatever monies fhall be fo iffued out of the faid con-lolidated fund fhall, from time to time, be replaced by apd out of the firfc fupplies to be then-after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall forge or counterfeit. any order, which fhall have been made forth by virtue of this adt, before the fame fhall have been paid off and cancelled, or any order to be renewed or made forth in purfuance of this adt, or any indorfe-ment or writing thereupon or therein, or tender in payment any fuch forged or counterfeit order, with intent to defraud his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, or the perfon or perfons to be appointed to pay off the fame, or to pay any intereft thereupon, or any of them, then every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, being thereof lawfully convidted, fhall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XXXV.

An afl to explain and amend an aft, pajfed in the twentieth 'pear of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, touching the election for knights of the Jhire to ferve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS an a5l was pajfed in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, 'mtituled, An aft to remove certain difficulties relative to voters at county eleftions, whereby it is, among other things, enabled, That, from and after thefrjl day of January one thoufandfeven hundred and eighty-one, no perfon Jka.ll

vote

179°-] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 35.	57

vote for electing of any knight or knights of the Jhire to ferve in parliament, within that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, in refpedt of any mejfuagcs, lands, or tenements, which have not, for fix calendar months next before fuch election, been charged or ajfejfed towards feme aid granted, or to be granted to his Majefiy, his heirs or fucc ejfers, by a land tax, (in cafe any fuch aid be then granted and ajfejfable), in the name of the perfen or perfens who Jhall claim to vote at fuch election for or in refpehi of any fuch mejfuagcs, lands, or tenements, or in the name of his or their tenant or tenants actually occupying the fame as tenant or tenants of the owner or landlord thereof: and whereas the form of ajfejjment prejeribed by the faid adt, and thereunto annexed, denotes that the names, both of the proprietor and of the occupier, ought to be fpecified; and doubts have cirifen, whether, iffuch form be not firidily purfued, the fuff rage of the perfen claiming to vote be aclmijfible: and whereas an adt was pajfed in the twenty-fecondyear of his prefent Majefiy s reign, intituled, An a£l 22(^0.3.0.31, for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the election ofrec^e<*‘ members to ferve in parliament for the borough of Cricklade in the county of Wilts, whereby it is enadted, That fuch freeholders only Jhall be intitled to vote in the election of members to ferve in parliament for the faid borough of Cricklade, as Jhall be duly qualified to vote at eledtions for knights of the Jhire for the county of Wilts, according to the laws .in force for regulating county eledtions at the time. of pajfing the fame adi: be it therefore enadled by the King’s mofl excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and .temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That nothing in the Nothing in faid adts contained fhall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to pre- recited ads vent any perfon from voting at any eledlion of a knight or^pre^n^ knights of a (hire to ferve in parliament within that part of Great voting Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, or at any for knights’ election of a burgefs or burgeffes to ferve in parliament for the of the fibre, borough of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, for or in refpedl of °r f°r J?^r’ any mefiuages, lands, or tenements, which have been charged or Cricklade for affefled, for fix calendar months next before fuch eledlion, to- lands, See. wards fome aid granted or to be granted to his Majefiy, his heirs which have or fucceffors, by a land tax, in the name of the perfon claiming been afleiled^ to vote, or for or in refpedl of any mefiuages, lands, or tenements, to\he?imrl ^ to which the perfon fo claiming to vote fhall have become en- tax, in the titled by defcent, marriage, marriage fettlement, devife, promotion name of luch to any benefice in a church, or promotion to any office, within perfon, &,c. twelve calendar months next before fuch eledlion, and which mefiuages, lands, or tenements, fhall have been within two years next before fuch election charged or afiefled to the land tax, in the name of the perfon or perfons by or through whom fuch perfon fo claiming to vote fhall derive his fide to fuch mefliiag.es, lands, or tenements, or of fome predeceflor of fuch perfon fo claiming to vote, although the name of the tenant or tenants actually occupying fuch mefiuages, .lands, or tenements, fhall not be inferted in fuch afiefiment, according to the form of affeflment to .the faid firfl recited act annexed.

IL And

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 36.	[1790.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in the laid afts contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any perfon from voting at any fuch election of a knight or knights of any fiiire, or of a burgefs or burgelTes for the faid borough of Cricklade, for or in refpeft of any me ffu ages, lands, or tenements, which have been charged or aneiled, for fix calendar months next before fuch election, towards fome aid granted, or to be granted to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by a land tax, in the name of a tenant or tenants actually occupying the fame at the time of fuch afieffment being made, although the name of the perfon fo claiming to vote, or the perfon or perfons by or through whom fuch perfon fo claiming to vote derives his title, or of the predecelfor of the perfon fo claiming to vote, fhall not be inferted in the afTeffment, according to the form of the afTeffment to the faid firft recited aft annexed.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft to alter, explain, and amend an aft^ ?nade in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft' for limiting the number of perfons to be carried on the outfide of • ftage coaches, or other carriages, andfor regulating the conduft of the drivers and guards thereof

Preamble.	II 7 HE RE AS an aft was paffed in the twenty-eighth year of

28 Geo. 3.	V V the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for limfting

c. 57, recited, the number of perfons to be carried on the outfide of ftage coaches, or other carriages : and whereas the regidations and penalties thereby eflablijhed and inflifted have proved infufpeient to anfwer the good purpofes thereby intended: and whereas it is expedient that certain regulations Jhould be efablijhed with refpeft to the conduft of the drivers ofJl age coaches, and other fuch carriage and of the perfons going therewith as guards: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft .excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Fromfeot.29, alTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and afi* 1790, ir more ter the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred ber1 otTrIbus anc* ninety> ^ the driver of any coach, chaife, or other carriage herein men- °f the like fort, drawn by three or more horfes, and going or tioiied are travelling for hire, fhall permit or fuffer more than one perfon on carried on the the coach box befides himfelf, and four perfons on the roof; and fta^e coach'11 ^ ^ ^'L1C^ coac^? chaife, or other carriage, fhall be drawn by lefs the driver to than three horfes, more than one perfon on the coach box, and pay 5s. for three perfons on the roof, (except the driver of fuch coach, chaife, each perfon or other carriage, drawn by lefs than three horfes, which fhall not fimited num- S° or trave^ a greater diftance than twenty-five miles from the ber, to the poft office in the city of London, and who fhall not carry more collector of than one perfon on the coach box, and four perfons on the roof, the tolls, fee. at one and the fame time], to go or be conveyed by any fuch coach, chaife, or carriage refpeftively, every fuch driver fhall pay to the colleftor of the tolls, at every turnpike gate through which

fuch

5*

nor to prevent any perfon from voting at anyfuch election, for lands, See. fo afTdTed in the name of the tenant actually occupying the lame.

Hosted by Google

i79°‘] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. g6.	59

fuch carriage fliall pafs, the fum of five {hillings for each and every perfon above the number fo as above limited and allowed to be conveyed, which every fuch collector is hereby authorifed to afk, demand, and receive; and if any fuch paffenger or paflen-gers, beyond the number fo limited as aforefaid, fhall be fet down, or taken up, whereby the faid payment of the faid fum of five ihillings may be evaded, then and in every fuch cafe the driver of fuch carriage fo offending, and being convidted of fuch offence, either by his own confeflion, the view of a juftice, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any juftice of the peace adting in and for the county, riding, city, town, diviiion, or place, where fuch offence fhall be committed,

(which oath every fuch juftice is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter), fhall, for every fuch offence, be committed to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, of the county, riding, city, town, divifion, or place, where fuch offence fhall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor lefs than fourteen days, at the difcretion of the juftice or juftices by or before whom fuch offender fhall be convifted.

II* And be it further enadted, That the faid fum of five foil- Penalty to be lings for each and every palfenger beyond the number allowed to be conveyed as aforefaid, foall be collected, levied, and recovered in like manner as the turnpike tolls at the gate where fuch payment by this adfc directed to be made, are by the adt for repairing fuch road authorifed to be collected, levied, and recovered*

III.	And be it further enadfed, That, from and after the twen-

ty-ninth day of September one thoufand fev.en-hundred and ninety, there foall be painted on the outfide of each of the doors of every fuch ftage coach or other carriage (the coaches carrying the mail, {^painted on under the diredlion of the poft-mafters general, excepted) in the outfide of large and legible charadlers, the chriftian and furname of the pro- each door of prietor, or of one of the proprietors, of fuch coach or other carriage,	t

and in the cafe of there being more than one proprietor of luch maq coaches* coach or other carriage, and any one* of them foall reftde within

the cities of London or JVeJhninfier, or the limits of the bills of mortality, then and in fuch cafe the name of fuch laft-mentioned proprietor foall be the name to be put upon fuch carriage, as above diredted.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That if the coachman, or per- Penalty on fon having the care of any ftage coach, or other fuch carriage, coaenmen foall permit or fuffer any other perfon to drive the fame, without oth^perfons the confent of the paflengers within fuch coach, or other carriage, to drive, Scc. or foall quit the box without reafonable occafion, or for a longer

fpace of time than fuch occafion may require, or foall, by furioufly driving, or by any negligence or mifeondudt, overturn the carriage, or in any manner endanger the perfons or property of the paflengers, or the property of the owners or proprietors of luch carriage, every fuch coachman fo offending foall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor kfs than forty foillings,

1 '	v.

recovered in like manner as the tolls.

From Sept.29, 1790. the name of the proprietor to

Hosted by

Google

00.

If the guard tire oft his arms, except lor defence, to forfeit 20$.

Penalties i tinkled by recited ad on peace officers neglecting to execute warrants to extend to this ad.

Penalties to be recovered as under the recited ad, nr.d the forms of the fche-duks thereof to be ufed in the execution of this ad.

Pubiiek ad.

Preamble.

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1790.'

V.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon going or travelling as a guard to any ftage coach, or other fuch carriage, fhall fire off the arms he is entrusted with, either while the coach or carriage is going on the road, or going through or Handing in any town, other wife than for the defence of fuch coach or other carriage, every fuch perfon {hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty {hillings.

- VI. And be it further enaded, That the penalties by the faid recited a<d inflided on peace officers refufing or negleding to execute warrants granted by-juftices of the peace, purfuant to the diredions of the faid ad, {hall extend to, and be inflided on, all peace officers who fhall refufe or negled to execute any warrants to be granted in purfuance of this ad; and that the penalties and forfeitures inflided by this ad {hall and may be levied, recovered, and applied in fuch and the fame manner, as by the faid recited ad is direded refpeding the recovery of the penalties and forfeitures thereby inffided , and that the forms of proceedings relative to the feveral matters contained in this ad, {hall be the fame as thofe contained in the fchedule to the faid recited ad, and fhall be ufed on all occafions, with fuch additions or variations only as may be neceffary to adapt them to the particular circum-fiances of the cafe; and that no objedion {hall be allowed to be made, or advantage taken, on account of want of form only in any fuch proceedings.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That this ad be deemed a publick ad ; and {half be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other performs whomfoever, without fpe-cially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXXVII.

An adl to continue two a5ls, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, “for difcontinuing, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low zuines and fpirits, and upon worts, zvajh, and other liquors, there tfed in the dijlillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Mctjejly other duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the exportation of Britifh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and froin Scotland to England; and to continue,for a limited time, an aft made in the t wenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, ” to difcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home coyfumption; and for granting and fe-curing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britifh fpirits; and for di[continuing, for a limited time, certain impofis and duties ' upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies	and for amend-

ing the Jaid a£l, made in the twenty-ninth year of his prefent Ma~ jfly's reign.

WHEREAS the law herein-after mentioned has, by experience, been found ujefut and beneficial, and is near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it

enaded

Hosted by Google

179°*] Anno regni tricefimo Georgix III. c. 37;

enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in-this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral duties of excife by an a£t made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign* of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral dutie' of cujloms and excife and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties eompofmg the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufafture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduftion of the national debt, impofed for or in refpedt of fermented wort or wafh brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England., for extracting fpirits for home confumption from any malt, corn, grain or tilts, or any mixture with the fame ; and for or in refpect of cyder or perry, or other wafh or liquor brewed or made as aforefaid, from any fort or kind of Britijh materials, except fuch as are before mentioned, or from any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, and for or in refpect of fermented wort or wafh brewed or made as aforefaid from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, and for or in refpect of wafh brewed or made as aforefaid from foreign refufed wines, or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials, except melaffes and fugar, or any mixture therewith,, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, and which were, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for amending and continuing, for a limited time, an aft made in the lajl fejfion of parliament, intituled. An act for difcontinuing, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wafh, and other liquors there ufed in the diftillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefcy other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of Britijh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-lixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, u to difcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confumption, and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britijh fpirits;'and for difcontinuing, for a limited time, certain imp oils and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the IFejl Indies f and to revive and continue the faid lajl mentioned aft, continued from the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand fevea hundred and ninety, fhall be, and the fame are hereby feverally and refpedtively further continued from the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, until and upon thelifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one ; and the faid duties fhall feverally and refpe&ively be paid and payable by the /	u	feveral

6l

Duties impof-ed by a 7 Geo. 3- c. 13, on walh mads in England for extracting fpirits for home confumption ;

and which, by 29 Geo. 3. c. 45, were continued to July 5, 1790.* further continued to July 5, 1791,

€2	Anno	regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 37* [179O.

feveral and refpe&ive makers and diftillers of fuch wort, wafh* cyder, perry, or other liquor refpe&ively, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the faid duties by the faid a61 impofed and hereby continued were feverally and refpeftively payable bylaw, under or by virtue of an a dt, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, in-s6Geo.3x.73. tituled, An aft to difcontinue, for a lirnited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines andfpirits for ho?ne confumption, andfor grant-* ing andfecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britifh fpirits-; and for dfcontinuing, for a limited time, certain impojls and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies; or any other adb or adfs of parliament in force immediately before the palling of an adt made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his faid a8Geo.3x.46 Majefty, intituled, An aft for difcontinuing,for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wafh, and other liquors, there ufed in the dijlillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of B>nt\{h-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to difeontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confumption ; and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britifh fpirits; and for difeontinuing, for a limited time, certain impofts and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies.

II. And whereas by the faid aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of Part of claufe his prefent Majeftfs reign, it was enadled, That for the making, a* ^and^of unto ^e re(^ibers and compounders of fpirits, a fair allowance a9Geo.3x.45, f°r increafs by water, fugar, fyrup, or fruit, which was ne-recited. cellary to render their fpirits fit for confumption, there fhould be allowed permits for the fending out any number of gallons, not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and forty-two gallons of Britifh brandy, rectified Britifh fpirits, or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of raw Britifh fpirits which they refpedlively fhould have received from any diftiiler or diftillers of Britifh fpirits (not being a redfifier or redlifiers) of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or which they fhould refpedlively have made at the ftrength laft aforefaid; and that within thirty days next after the commencement of the faid adf, and afterwards once in every three months at the leaft, the officers of excife fhould take an account of the ftock of Britifh brandy, redbified Britifh fpirits, raw Britifh compounds, and other Britifii fpirits, of all and every reclifier and redlifiers, and compounder and compounders of fpirits (whether a maker or makers of fpirits or not); and if, on taking any fuch account, the ftock fo taken, added to the. quantity of fpirits for which permits fhould have been granted to fuch rediifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders, ftnee the time of taking the laft'

. '	preceding

Hosted by Google

1790.3* Anno regnl tricefimo Georgii III. c. 37.

preceding account of fuch ftock, fhould be found to exceed the quantity.of fpirits found by the officer or officers of excife in fuch ftock, at the time of taking the laft preceding account of fuch ftock by the officer or officers of excife, added to the quantity fince received by permit from any diftiller or diftillers of Britijh fpirits (not being a'redfifier or redfifiers of Brilifo fpirits) at the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or made by fuch redfifier or redfifiers, or compounder or compounders, at the ftrength laft aforefaid, with the allowance of forty-two gallons on every one hundred gallons fo made or received, calling or computing fuch ftock at the ftrength of one in four and feven fifteenths under hydrometer proof, a quantity of fpirits equal to the quantity of fpirits fo found in excefs, fhould be forfeited, and fhould and might be fieized by any officer or officers of excife, from and out of fuch ftock, and the perfon or perfons in whofe ftock fuch quantity of fpirits fo found in excefs fhould be aif-covered or found, fhould forfeit thefum of fifty pounds; and that no redfifier or redfifiers, or compounder or compounders of fpirits, fhould fell or fend out any Britijh brandy, Britijh redfified fpirits, Britijh compounds, or other Britijh fpirits, of any greater or higher ftrength than that of one in fix under hydrometer proof; and if any fuch redfifier or redfifiers, or compounder or compounders, fhould fell or fend out any Britijh brandy, Britijh redfified fpirits, Britijh compounds, or other Britijh fpirits, of any greater or higher degree of ftrength than that of one in fix under hydrometer proof, all fuch Britijh brandy, Britijh redfified fpirits, Britijh compounds, or other Britifn fpirits, fhould be forfeited, and fhould and might be fieized by any officer or officers of excife, together with the cafks and veffels containing the fame re-

o	#	o

fpedtively; and that if, on taking any fuch account of the ftock of any fuch redfifier or redfifiers, or compounder or compounders, it fhould appear that fuch redfifier or redfifiers, or compounder or compounders, had not adtually made ufe of the whole of the faid allowance, fo by the faid ad! granted, fo much thereof as ftiould appear not to have been made ufe of, dedudling therefrom fo much as would be fufficient to reduce the ftock then found on hand to the ftrength of one in four and feven fixteenths under hydrometer proof, fhould be cut off from his, her, or their credit: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid recited claufes; be it therefore enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid recited claufes {hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed; and for the making unto the redfifiers and compounders of fpirits a fair allowance for that increafe by water, fugar, fyrup, or fruit, which is neceffary to render their fpirits fit for confumption, there fhall be allowed permits for the fending out any number of gallons, not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and fifty gallons of Britijh brandy, redfified Britif) fpirits or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of raw Britijh fpirits which they refpedfively fhall have received from any diftiller or diftillers of Britijh fpirits, (not .being a redfifier or redfifiers) of the ftrength of one to ten

over

*3

R.ecited claufes repealed.

Permits to be allowed redti-fiers at the rate of 150 gallons for every 100 gallons of raw BritiOi fpirits.

Officers to take an account of the flock of rectifiers within 30 (lays after the commencement of the aCt, and afterwards once in three months; and if after the firft account any ex-cefs above the allowance herein fpeci-fied be found, it may be feized, &c.

If on taking the firft account, any ex-cefs be found above the allowances herein fpeci-fied, it may be feized, &c.

Anno r£gni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 37* [lygoi

over hydrometer proof, or which they fhall reflectively have made at th-e ftrength laft aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That,' within thirty days next after the commencement of this aft,- and afterwards once in every three months at the leaft, the officers of excife fhall take an account of the ftock of Britijh brandy,' rectified Britijh fpirits, raw Britijh fpirits, compounds and other Britijh fpirits, of all and every reftifier and reftifiers, and compounder and compounders of fpirits (whether a maker or makers of fpirits or not); and if on taking any fuch account, fubfequent to the firft account taken under or by virtue of this aft, the ftock fo taken, added to the quantity of fpirits for which permits fhall have been granted to fuch reftifier or reftifiers, or compounder or compounders, fince the time of taking the laft preceding account of fuch ftock, fhall be found to exceed the quantity of fpirits found by the officer or officers of excife in fuch ftock at the time of taking the laft preceding account of fuch ftock by the officer or officers of excife, added to the quantity fince received by permit from any diftiller or diftillers of Britijh fpirits (not being a reftifier or reftifiers of BritiJJo fpirits) at the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or made by fuch reftifier or reftifiers, or compounder or compounders, at the ftrength laft aforefaid, with the allowance of fifty gallons on every one hundred gallons fo made or received, cafting or computing fuch ftock at the ftrength of one in three and three-fourths under hydrometer proof, a quantity of fpirits equal to the quantity of fpirits fo found in excefs fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife from and out of fuch ftock; and the perfon or perfons in whofe ftock fuch quantity of fpirits, fo found in excefs, fhall be difcovered or found, fhall alfo forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any officer or officers of excife, on taking the firft account, under or by virtue of this aft, of the ftock of Britijh brandy, refti-fied Britijh fpirits, raw Britijh fpirits, compounds, or other Bri-tijh fpirits, of any reftifier or reftifiers, or compounder or compounders of fpirits (whether a maker or makers of fpirits or not), fhall find that the ftock fo taken, added to the quantity of fpirits for which permits fhall have been granted to fuch reftifier or reftifiers, or compounder or compounders, fince the time of taking the laft account of the ftock of Britijh brandy, reftified Bri-tijh fpirits, raw Britijh fpirits, compounds, or other Britijh fpirits, of fuch reftifier or reftifiers, or compounder or compounders, under or by virtue of the faid aft made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fhall be found to exceed the quantity of fpirits found by the officer or officers of excife in fuch ftock, at the time of taking fuch laft preceding account of fuch ftock, added to the quantity fince received by permit from any diftiller or diftillers of Britijh fpirits (not being a reftifier 0$ Britijh fpirits) at the ftrength of one to ten.over hydrometer proof*

Hosted by

Google

1790-] Anno regni tricefimo GeoRGII III. c. 37.	65

or made by luch redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders, at the ftrength laft aforefaid, with the allowance of forty-two gallons on every one hundred gallons fo made or received by permits fince the time of taking fuch laft account* the limitation whereof {hall have expired on or before the fifth day of July one thouland feven hundred and ninety, and with the allowance of fifty gallons on every one hundred gallons fo made or received after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred , and ninety, and prior to the time of taking fuch firft account, carting or computing fuch former ftock at the ftrength of one in four and feven fixteenths under hydrometer proof* and then reducing the fame to the ftrength of one in three and three fourths under hydrometer proof, and cafting and computing fuch latter ftock at the ftrength of one in three and three fourths under hydrometer proof, a quantity of fpirits equal to the quantity of fpi-rits fo found in excefs fhall be forfeited, and {hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife from and out of fuch ftock; and the perfon or perfons in whofe ftock fuch quantity of fpirits fo found in excefs fhall be difcovered or found, (hall alfo forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That If any part of if on taking any fuch account of the ftock of any fuch redtifier or ^h^allowances rectifiers* or compounder or compounders, it {hall appear that not to^fve fuch redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders, has been ufed, it or have not actually made ufe of the whole of the faid allowance fhall be taken foby this adt granted, fo much thereof as fhall not appear to have ffom^the rec-been made ufe of, dedudting therefrom fo much as will be fuffi- er s cie cient to reduce the ftock then found on hand to the ftrength of

one in three and three fourths under hydrometer proof, fhall be cut off from his, her, or their credit ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That If redtifiers no redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders of fpi- ^ 1Pirits of rits, fhall fell or fend out any Britijh brandy, Britijh redtified fpi- ft^^th^han rits, Britifa compounds, or other Britijh fpirits, of any greater or 1 in 5 under higher degree of ftrength than that of one in five under hydrome- hydrometer ter proof; and if any fuch redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder Pro°fi

or compounders, {hall fell or fend out any Britijb brandy, Britijh e elze * redtified fpirits, Britijb compounds, or other Britijl) fpirits, of any greater or higher degree of ftrength than that of one in five under hydrometer proof, all fuch Britijh brandy, Britijb redtified fpirits,

Britijh compounds, or other BritiJ.b fpirits, together with the cafks or veffels containing the fame, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; and any fuch redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders, who fhall fell or fend out any fuch Britijb brandy, Britijh redtified fpirits,

Britijh compounds, or other Britijb fpirits, of any greater or higher degree of ftrength than that of one in five under hydrometer proof, fhall alfo forfeit and lofe treble the value of fuch Britijh brandy, Britijh redtified fpirits, Britijh compounds, or other Britijh fpirits, which fhall be fold or fent out of a greater or higher Vqju XXXVII.	F	degree

4

Hosted by Google

66	Anno	regni	tric-efimo Georgii III. c. 37;	(1790.

degree of ftrength than that of one in five under hydrometer proof, or the fum of fifty pounds in the whole, at the eleftion of his Majefty’s attorney general, or the perfon or perfons who {hall fue for the fame, the fingle value of fuch Britijh brandy, Britijh rectified fpirits, Britijh compounds, or other Britijh fpirits re-fpeftively, to be deemed and taken to be according to, and at the rate and rates, price and prices, at which the beft Britijh brandy, Britijh rectified fpirits, Britijh compounds, or other Britijh fpirits, do or fhall bear or fell for in London at the time when fuch penalty {hall be incurred.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. How penalties That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this aft, {hall for^a^Vhow ^uec^ ^or’ recoverec^5 levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, to be* divided. or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied, 'or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefly’s courts of record at Wejiminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeftively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, {hall be to his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall inform, difcover, or fue for the fame, ai Geo.	VIII, And whereas by an aft, made in the twcnty-firfl year of the

c.55,claufe3o, reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled., An aft for repealing the du-recited, ties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon cocoa nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effeftual fecuririg the revenue of excife, and of the inland duties under the management of the commiffioners of excife, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punftual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties impofed on malt; and for rectifying a miftake in an aft, made in this prefent feffion of parliament, with refpeft to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excife, impofed by the faid aft, it is provided and enacted. That any increafe, difcovered by any officer or officers of excife in the fock or flocks of any dealer in or feller ^/'Britilh fpirituous liquors, over and above the quantity which the officer found in fuch dealer* s or feller* s cujlody at the time of the . lafl preceding furvey upon fuch dealer or feller^ Jhall not be forfeited\ if the owner thereof Jhall make it appear that fuch increafe was made by mixing water with and amongjl June of his faidfock of JBritifh-made fpirituous liquors, in the prefence of the officer of excife of the divifion or place where fuch increafe Jhall be found; any thing in the faid aft before contained to the contrary notwithfanding: and whereas it is expedient to repeal Jo much of the faid aft as is hereinbefore recited be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid recited aft as provides and enafts, That any increafe, difeevered by any officer or officers of excife in the flock or flocks of any dealer in or feller of Britijh fpirituous liquors, over and above the quantity which the officer found in fuch dealer’s or feller’s cuftody at the time of the lafl preceding furvey upon fuch dealer or feller, {hall not be-forfeited, if the owner thereof {hall e	  make

Hosted by Google

tygo.) Anno regni tricefimo GeorGii III. c. 38.	67

make it appear that fuch increafe was made by mixing water with and amongft fome of his faid flock of Britifh-made fpirituous liquors in the prefence of the officer of excife of the divifion or place where fuch increafe fhall be found, fhall be, and the fame and repealed, is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That 29 Geo. 3. fo much of the faid a£t, made in the twenty-ninth year of the c*45> claufey9 reign of his prefent Majefty, as ena£ts. That the faid a£t made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Adajefty, ex* *	*

cept fuch parts thereof as are repugnant to the faid made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.• and alfo fo much thereof as enacts, That the faid act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his faid Majefty, except fuch parts thereof as are exprefsly repealed by the (aid a£f made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fhall, from and immediately after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred* and eighty-nine, be revived, and continued until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, fhall, from a id immediately after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, continue in full force and effedl until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An affi for repealing the duties upon licences for retailing wine and fweets, and upon licences for retailing diftilled fpirituous liquors 7 and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

WHEREAS by an aff, made in the ninth year of the reign of Preamble.

her late majejly Queen Anne, for charging certain new du- 9 Annas, c, 33* ties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned, it was enabled, "That there fould be, through-out the kingdom of Great Britain, rafed., levied, collected, and paid unto and for the ufe of her Majejly, her heirs and fucc-Jjors, for every piece of vellwn or parchment, or feet or piece of paper, on which Jhould, at any time or times within or during the term therein in that behalf mentioned', be ingrojfed or written any licence for retailing of wine, the fum of four fillings : and whereas the faid duty is, by ano~ ther a£i pajfed in the third year of the reign of King George the Firfl ?nade perpetual: and vohereas, by atiother aft made in the thirtieth 30 Geo. year of the reign of his late ma]ejly King George the Second, for c* I9v granting to his Majefty (amongJl other rates and duties therein mentioned) feveral rates and duties upon licences for retailing wine, it was enabled. That from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven, hundred and fifty feven, there fould be rat fed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, for every piece of vellum or parchment, or feet or piece of paper, on which Jhould be ingrojfed, written, or\ printed, any licence for retailing of wine, to be granted to any perfon who fould not take out either a licence for retailing of fpirituous liquors, or a licence for retailing of beer, ale, or other ex

F 2	-	cifeabk

Hosted by Google

68

jiGeo 2-c-3

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1790.

cifeable liquors, over and above all other rates and duties payable by virtue of any former aft or afts of parliament impofing any duties on Jlamped vellum, parchment, and paper, an additional duty of five pounds; for every piece of vellum or parchment, or jheet or piece of paper, on which Jhoidd be ingrofjed, written, or printed, any licence for retailing of wine, to be granted to any perfon who jhould take out a licence for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors, but fnould not take out a licence for retailing of fpirituous liquors, over and above all other rates and duties payable by virtue of any former aft or afts of parliament impofing any duties on Jlamped vellum, parchment, and paper, an additional duty of four pounds; and for every piece of vellum or parchment, or Jheet or piece of paper, on which Jhould be in-grojfed, written, or printed, any licence for retailing of wine, to be granted to any perfon who Jhould alfo take out a licence for retailing of fpirituous liquors, over and above all other rates and duties payable by virtue of any former aft or afts of parliament impofing any duties on Jlamped vellum, parchment, and paper, an additional duty of forty Jhillings; and it was by the faid lajl-mentioned aft provided and enafted, That, in all cafes where a duty of five pounds was therein before direfted to be paid on a licence for retailing wine, a duty of three pounds fix Jhillings and eight-pence, and no more, Jloould be paid for a licence to retail wine in that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; and that in all cafes where a duty of four pounds was therein before directed to be paid for fuch licence, a duty of two pounds thirteen Jhillings and four-pence, and no more, jhould be paid for a licence to retail wine in that part of Great Britain called Scotland •, and that in all cafes where a duty of two pounds was therein before dire ft ed to be paid for every fuch licence, a duty of one pound fix Jhillings and eight-pence, and no more, Jhould be paid for a licence to retail wine hi that part of Great Britain called Scotland; any thing in that aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithjlanding: and it was by the faid lajl-mentioned aft enafted. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-feven, no perfon whatfoever, unlefs he Jhould be authorifed and enabled in the manner iherein-after prefcribed, Jhoidd fell or utter by retail, (that is) by the pint, quart, pottle, or gallon, or by any other greater or lefs retail meafure, or in bottles in any lefs quantity, than JJ)ould be equal to the meafure of the cafk or vejfel in which the fame Jhould have been, or jnight laivfidly be imported, any kind of wine or wines, or any liquor called or reputed Wine, upon pain to forfeit for every fuch offence the i) fun of one hundred pounds : and ivhereas, by a claufe in another aft made in the thirty-firfi year of the reign of his faid late Majefly, for obliging the retailers of wines commonly called Sweets or Made Wines, to take out a wine licence, after reciting the faid aft of the thirtieth of his faid late Majefly, as herein-before is recited, and reciting, that great frauds might eafdy be praftifed in cafe the retailers of certain liquors made in this kingdom, commonly called Sweets or Made Wines, Jhould not be, equally with the retailers of other kinds of wine, obliged to take out filch licences for retailing wine, it was , enafted. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thouf andfeven hundred and fifty-eighty no perfon whatfoever, unlefs he Jhould be authorifed

Hosted by Google

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 38.	69

thorifed and enabled by having taken out the licence in the faid recited aft dire fled, fubjeft to the payment of fuch duties as were therein re-fpeftively charged upon fuch licences to fell wine by retail, Jhouldfell or utter by any retail meafure, or in bottles in any quantity lefs than twenty-five gallons, any kind of liquor made in Great Britain, by in-fufion, fermentation, or otherwife, from foreign fruit or fugar, or from Britifh fruit or fugar, or from fruit or fugar mixed with any other ingredients, commonly called Sweets or Made Wines, or any kind of liquor made in Great Britain, and known by the na?ne of Sweets or Made Wines, of vohatfoever materials, or in whatfoever manner the fame might be made, upon pain to forfeit for every fuch offence one hundred pounds: and whereas by another aft, made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon fweets, and for afcertaining the duties upon licences to be taken out by perfons dealing in fweets, reciting, that it was then expedient that feparate licences jhould be granted to the venders of foreign wines imported, and to the venders of fweets or Britifh-made wines, it was enafted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, it Jhould and might be lawful to and for his Majefifs commijfioners of fiarnps, or any two of them, to grant upon any piece of vellum or parchment, or jheet or piece ofpaper, any licence for felling of fweets or Britifh-made wines by any retail meafure, to any perfon or perfons applying for the fame (although fuch perfon or perfons jhould not have a fpirituous liquor or ale licence), fiamped or marked with a fiamp or mark of two pounds and four jhillings; and all and every perfon and perfons felling Britifh-made wines only under fuch licences, jhould be fteed and difcharged froyn any penalty by the afts therein mentioned impofed for felling wine under licences not fiamped as by the faid afts were direfted: and whereas by another aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to prevent the fale of fweets and a8 Geo. 3. for confumption in the houfes of retailers thereof, who fhall not c* 37> recited, have licences to fell beer or ale, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, reciting fo much of the faid aft made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy as is herein-before recited; and that it was expedient to refrain the felling Britifh wines or fweets for conjumption in the houfes of retailers thereof to fuch perfons only as jhould have obtained as well a licence for felling beer and ale, as a licence for the fale of T&ritifh-made wines, it was enafted. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hu?idred and eighty-eight, no perfon Jhould, by virtue of any licence for the fale of Britifh-made wines or fweets, be intiiled to fell fuch wines or fweets, for con-fumption in his or her own houfe, unlefs fuch perfon Jhould alfo have obtained a licence for felling beer and ale: and whereas it is apprehended, that if the faid recited duties were repealed, and other duties impofed in lieu thereof upon licences to be granted, by the co?nmijfioners, collectors, and fupervifors of excife, in England and Scotland refpec-tively, to perfons retailing foreign wine, or Britifh-wtfdfc wines or fweets, fuch lafi-mentioned duties ivould be more conveniently aiid effectually managed and collectedbe it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-

F 3	feat

Hosted by Google

70	Anno	regni	tricefimo	Georgii	III.	c. 38. [1790.

fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this 1790! the re-* Pre^ent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame* cited duties That, from and after the tenth day of October one thoufand feven under the hundred and ninety, the faid recited duties, under the manage-ment of the faid commiilioners of {lamps, by the faid a£ls im-mifTioners^of P0^ upon Vellum, parchment, or paper, on which fhall be in-Itamps to grofied, written, or printed, any fuch licence as aforefaid, (hall ceafe.	ceafe and determine.

II. And whereas., by another aft made in the fixteenth year of the 16 Geo. a.c. Z. reign of his faid late majefly King George the Second,, (intituled, An act for repealing certain duties on fpirituous liquors, and on cences for retailing the fame; and for laying other duties on fpirituous liquors, and on licences to retail the faid liquors), it was enafted, That) from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and forty-three, no perfon or perfons whatfo-ever Jhould prefume, by him, her, or themfelves, or by any other perfon or perfons whatfoever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their benefit, to retail any brandy, rum, arrack, ufqueb.aughy geneva, aquavitee,	dijlilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong

waters, unmixed, or mixed with themfelves, tftfy other ingredients, *7^ by whatfoever name or names they were or might be called, publicity or privately, without firjl taking out a licence for that purpofe in manner thereafter directed, within ten days at leaf before he, //^, or they jhould retail the fame, for which he, ~Jhe,	they Jhould immer

diately upon taking out thereof pay down for the Jame the fum of twenty jhillings,	manner in the faid aft direfted: and where as, by

another aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his faid late i,4.Geo,a.c.4e. majejly King George the Second, amongjl other things, for granting to his Majefly an additional duty upon fpirituous liquors, and upon licences for retailing the fame, it was enafted, That there jhould,,	’ twenty-fifth day of March one	thoufand

feven hundred and fifty-two, ^ raifej leviedcollected\ and paid, unto bis Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors,	additional duty of twenty foil-

lings per annum for every licence that jhould be taken out by any perfon or perfons for the retailing fpirituous liquors, purfuant to the direftions of the faid lafi-mentioned aft made in the fixteenth year of his faid late majejly King George the Second: and whereas, by three i$Oeo.3.0.25, feveral other afts of parliament) made in the nineteenth) twenty-firjl,, saGeo 3 0*66* twenty fecondyears of the reign of his prefent Majejly, refpeftively and *	*•granting to his Majejly additional duties upon the produce of the five-

ru/ duties under the management of the refpeftive commijfioners of the cujloms and excife in Great Britain, three feveral additional duties or impofis of five pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, became charged upon the produce and amount of the faid feveral duties of twenty JhillingS) and twenty Jhillings, impofed by the faid afts of the fixteenth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his faid late majejly King George the Second: and whereas) by another aft, made in the twenty-feventb year of the reign of his prefent 27 Geo. 3. Majefly) for laying additional duties upon licences to be taken c. 30, recited, out perfons dealing by retail in fpirituous liquors, it was enaft-ed) That) from and after the fifth day of July one thoifand feven /	‘	hundred

Hosted by Google

179° } Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 38.	71

hundred and eighty feven^ there Jhould he raifed, levied., collected, and paid) unto andfor the ufe of his Majefy, his heirs andfucceJforsy the feveral and refpeCtive fums in the faid aCt in. that behalf mentioned, for and upon all licences to he taken out annually, in manner therein-after mentioned^ by all perfons who Jhould retail any difilledfpirituous liquors orflrong waters within Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid recited duties by the faid fever al aids, made in the fixteenth and twenty fourth years of the reign of his faid late majejiy King George the Second\ impofed for or in refpeCt of licences for the retailing of difilledfpirituous liquors, as well as the faid additional duties or impojls charged thereon by the faid aCts, made in the nineteenth, twenty-firfl) and twenty fecond years of the reign of hisprefent Majefly, and aljo the jaid duties by the faid aft) made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his faid prefent Majefly, impofed, for or in refpeCt of the licences therein mentioned, and in lieu thereof to impofe other duties on licences to be taken out by perfons ivho Jhall retail difilled fpirituous liquors orfrong waterr, according to the directions of this aCl\ be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from From 0<ft. 1 os and after the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and 1790) the reninety, the faid recited duties, by the faid feveral afts, made in the ^er the}aft fixteenth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his faid late mentioned 6 majefty King George the Second, impofed, for or in refpeft ofli- ads to ceafe; cences for the retailing diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, as well as the faid additional duties or impofts charged thereon t>y the faid afts made in the nineteenth, twenty-firft, and twenty-fe-cond years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and alfo the faid duties by the faid aft, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign	'

of his faid prefent Majefty, impofed, for or in refpeft of the licences therein mentioned, (hall ceafe and determine,

III.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enafted by

the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein-before contained except as to {hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to any arrears	ancl

of the faid refpeftively recited duties which may, on the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto refpeftively, which ftiall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, FromOft. 10, from and after the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven

hundred and ninety, all licences which, before the faid tenth day gr}nted°to fell of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, (hall have been wine orfpirits granted by the faid commiflioners of ftamps, or any of them, to by retail, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, to fell wine by retail, or to be void, fell by retail Britijh-made wines or fweets, and which (hall be then unexpired; and alfo all licences which, before the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, (hall have been granted by the faid commifiioners of excife in England and Scotland refpeftively, or any of them, or by the colleftors and fu-pervifors of excife, or any of them, in England and Scotland re-

F 4	fpeftively,

Hosted by

Google

J2

Perfons whofe iicences ffiall be fo voided, to be allowed a rateable proportion for the time unexpired, on taking out new Jictnces.

From Oft. io, J790, retailers of wine and fpirits to take put licences.

Manner of granting fuch licences.

Anno rcgni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1790,

fpeftively, or by any perfons appointed by the {aid commiffioners of excife in England and Scotland refpeftively, or the major part of them refpeftively, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, to retail diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, and which fhall be then unexpired, fhall, on the faid tenth day of October one thousand feven hundred and ninety, become and be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatsoever; any thing in the faid licences expreffed, or in any aft or afts of parliament contained, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

V,	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon or perfons whofe licence for retailing of wine, or for felling by retail Britifb-made wines or fweets, or to retail diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, fhall be or become null and void under and by virtue of this aft, fhall, on his, her, or their taking out a licence of the fame kind as his, her, or their licence fo become null and void for the year ending on the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, under and by ^virtue of this aft, be allowed to deduft, out of the money by this aft direfted to be paid for fuch laft mentioned licence, a rateable proportion according to the fum or fums of money by him, her, or them paid for fuch his, her, or their licence fo become null and void, and the portion of time for which fuch licence was granted to be In force which fhall be unexpired at the time of fuch licence fo becoming null and void.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, all and every perfon or perfons who fhall retail foreign wine, or Britijh-made wines, or fweets, or diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, fhall, before he, fhe, or they fhall retail any foreign wine, or any Britifh-made wines or fweets, or any diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, take out fuch licence herein-after mentioned, as the cafe may require, authorifing fuch perfon or perfons to retail foreign wine, or Britifo-made wines or fweets, or diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, as the cafe may require; which licences refpeftively fhall be granted in manner herein-after mentioned; that is to fay, If any fuch licence fhall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, the fame fhall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of the commiffioners of excife in England for the time being, or of fuch perfons as they the faid commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them for the time being, fhall from time to time appoint for that purpofe; but if any fuch licence fhall be taken out in any part of the kingdom of England not within the faid limits, the fame fhall be granted under the refpeftive hands and feals of the feveral colleftors and fupervifors of excife within their refpeftive colleftions and diftrifts; and in cafe any fuch licence fhall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, the fame fhall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland for the time being: or if any fuch licence fhall be taken out in that part of Great Britain galled Scotland out of tlje faid limits of the city of Edinburgh, then

Hosted by Google

179a] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 38.	73

the fame fhall be granted under the refpe&ive hands and feals of

the feveral colledlors and fupervifors of excife in Scotland within

their refpe&ive cohesions and diflri£ls: and the faid commiflioners

of excife in England and Scotland refpe£tively, or any two or more

of them refpetlively, and the perfons to be appointed by the faid

commiflioners of excife in England, or the major part of them, and

alfo all fuch collectors and fupervifors, are hereby refpe&ively au-

thorifed and required to grant fuch licences to the perfons who Perfons apply-

fhall apply for the fame, on the perfon or perfons applying for the ing for li-

fame firfl paying for fuch licences the feveral fums of money fol- ce*!ces to t . J } ■ ° r	J	as follows, viz,

lowing j that is to fay,

For every licence which fhall be granted to authorife any per- For every 11-

fon or perfons to retail foreign wine in that part of Great Britain cence to retail

called England, and who fhall not have an excife licence for re-	ejf

tailing diflilled fpirituous liquors or flrong waters, or a licence for the party has

retailing of beer, ale, or other excifeable liquors, the fum of five not a fpirits

pounds four fhillings:	or beer li-

For every licence which fhall be granted to authorife any per- cence> 5 *4S*

fon or perfons to retail foreign wine in that part of Great Britain art^haa

called England, and who fhall take out a licence for retailing beer, a beer licence

ale, and other excifeable liquors, but fhall not have an excife li- but not one

cence for retailing of diflilled fpirituous liquors or flrong waters, for fpirits:

the fum of four pounds four {hillings:

For every licence which fhall be granted to authorife any per- if he has alfo

fon or perfons to retail foreign wine in that part of Great Britain a fpirits li- .

called England, and who fhall alfo have an excife licence for re- cence> dl* 4*«

tailing diflilled fpirituous liquors or flrong waters, the fum of two

pounds four {hillings:

For every licence which fhall be granted to authorife any per- For every li-

fon or perfons to retail Britijh-made wines or fweets, either in

that part of Great Britain called England, or in that part of Great jn

Britain called Scotland, the fum of two pounds four {hillings:	Great Britain,

For every licence which fhall be granted to authorife any per- ri. 4s.

fon or perfons to retail foreign wine in that pa ft of Great Britain For every li-

called Scotland, and who fhall not have an excife licence for retail- cence to retail

ing diflilled fpirituous liquors or flrong waters, or a licence for in^codand^if

retailing of beer, ale, or other excifeable liquors, the fum of three the party has

pounds fix fhillings and eight-pence:	not a fpirits or

For every licence which fhall be granted to authorife any per- beer licence,

fon or perfons to retail foreign wine in that part of Great Britain 3 * s* '*

called Scotland, and who fhall take out a licence for retailing beer, ]las a j	o	*	beer licence*

ale, or other excifeable liquors, but fhall not have an excife licence but not one

for retailing diflilled fpirituous liquors or flrong waters, the fum for fpirits, 2I.

of two pounds thirteen fhillings and four-pence:	13S« 4d.;

For every licence which fhall be granted to authorife any per- if he has alfo

fon or perfons to retail foreign wine in that part of Great Britain

called Scotland, and who fhall alfo have an excife licence for retail- ’

ing diflilled fpirituous liquors or flrong waters, the fum of one

pound lix fhillings and eight-pence:

And for every licence which fhall be granted to authorife any For every li-

perfon cence to retail

Hosted by

Google

74*	Armo	regni	tricefimo Georgii III. c. 3?. [1790;

fpirits in perfon or perfons to retail diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong wa-Great Britain, ters in any part of Great Britain, the fum of four"pounds and four-party's houfe tcen	> — if dwelling-houfe in which fuch perfon {hall

be rated	re fide, or retail fuch diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters,

under 15I.	at the time of taking out fuch licence, fhall not, together with the

offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated, under the authority of an a£f made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty^r impoftng duties on inhabited houfesr at a rent of fifteen pounds per annum or upwards:

If rated at 15I. , If fuch dwelling-houfe {hall, together with the offices, courts, and under aol. yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforefaid at 5 • 2S* fifteen pounds per annum or Upwards, and under twenty poupds, then fuch perfon or perfons fhall take out a licence as aforefaid, and pay for the fame the fum of five pounds and two Shillings:

If fuch dwelling-houfe fhall, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforefaid at twenty pounds per annum or upwards, and under twenty-five pounds, then fuch perfon or perfons fhall take out a licence as aforefaid, and pay for the fame the fum of five pounds and ten fhillings: ■

If fuch dwelling-houfe fhall, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforefaid at twenty-five pounds per annum or upwards, and under thirty pounds, then fuch perfon or perfons fhall take out a licence as aforefaid, and pay for the fame the fum of five pounds and eighteen fhillings:

If fuch dwelling-houfe fhall, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforefaid at thirty pounds per annum or upwards, and under forty pounds, then fuch perfon or perfons fhall take out a licence as aforefaid, and pay for the fame the fum of fix pounds and fix fhillings:

If fuch dwelling-houfe fhall, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforefaid at forty pounds per annum or upwards, and under fifty pounds, then fuch perfon or perfons fhall take out a licence as aforefaid, and pay for the fame the fum of fix pounds and fourteen fhillings: And if fuch dwelling-houfe fhall, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforefaid at fifty pounds per annum or upwards, then fuch perfon or perfons fhall take out a licence as aforefaid, and pay for the fame the fum of feven pounds and two fhillings.

If at 20L and under 25L — 5I. ios.

If at 25I. and under 30I — 5I. 18 s.

If at 30I. and under 40I. — 61. 6s.

If at 40I. and under 50I.—

61. 14s*;

and if at 50I. or upwards, 7I. as.

VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, To whom the That the faid feveral fums of money by this a£I direfted to be paid licences to l°r ^cences refpe&ively, fhall be paid to fuch perfons as are be paid. herein-after in that behalf refpe£lively mentioned; that is to fay, Such thereof as fhall be paid for licences which fhall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, fhall be paid at the chief office of excife in London; and fuch thereof as fhall be paid for licences which fhall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, fhall be paid at the chief office of

excife

*

Hoste Google

*790-1 Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c/3?.	75

exeife in Edinburgh; and fuch thereof as fhall be paid for licences which (hall be taken out in any-part of Great Britain, not within the faid refpeCtive limits, fhall be paid to the refpe&ive collectors of exeife granting fuch refpe&ive licences.	»

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Licences to That all licences to be granted under and by virtue of this a&, continue in (hall remain and continue in force until and upon the tenth day ^orce ji'l1

of October next enfuing the time of the granting thereof, and no granting longer: provided always neverthelefs, That where any licence fhall thereof; and . be firft granted between the fifth day of April and the tenth day if granted ^ of October in any year, there fhall be charged only a rateable pro-portion of the money herein-before dire&ed to be paid for or in ^ rateable* ^ refpeCl of fuch licence, according to the time for which fuch li- proportion cence fhall be granted, any thing herein-before contained to the only to be contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.	charged.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Licences to no perfon or perfons fhall retail any foreign wine, or any Britijh* be renewed made wines or fweets, or any diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong ^ear waters, after the expiration of fuch his, her, or their licence,

unlefs fuch perfon or perfons fhall take out a frefh licence for the like purpofe, in the manner herein-before directed, ten days at leaft before the expiration of fuch former licence, and fo in like manner renew every fuch licence from year to year; and if any Penalty of perfon or perfons fhall retail any foreign wine, or any Britijh-made 5ol. on per-wines or fweets, or any diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, wine^&xP^ without firft taking out a licence authorifing him, her, or them withoutCH-fo to do, and renewing the fame as is herein-before in that behalf cence, or not dire&ed, he, fhe, or they fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit the renewing it. fum of fifty pounds.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That On death or upon the death of any perfon fb licenfed, or upon the removal °f ncenfcdf °er any perfon or perfons fo licenfed from the entered houfe or pre- thecom-mifes in which fuch his, her, or their licence fhall authorife him, miffioners of her, or them to retail-foreign wine, or to retail Britijh-made wines exeife, &c. ^ or fweets, or to retail diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, ™ay authorife it fhall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of exeife o/affignees1*5 in England and Scotland refpe&ively for the time being, or any one to carry on or more of them, and to and for the feveral collectors and fuper- the trade for vifors of exeife in England and Scotland refpe&ively, within their the remainder refpe&ive collections and diftriCts, to authorife and impower the ° t e teim* •executors or adminiftrators, or the wife or child of fuch deceafed perfon, or the affignee or afiigns of any fuch perfon fo removing, who fhall be poffeffed of fuch houfe or premifes, in like manner to retail foreign wine, or to retail Britijh-made wines or fweets, or to retail diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, as the cafe may require, in the fame entered houfe or premifes where fuch perfon fo licenfed, by virtue of fuch licence, carried on fuch trade, during the refidue of the term for which fuch licence was originally granted, without taking out a new licence during the refidue of the faid term; provided always, That perfons trading in part-nerfhip, and in one houfe or fhop only, fhall not be obliged to take

One licence fufficient for a partnerfhip out in one houfe.

Hosted by

Google

76

Licence not to anthorife the fale of wine, &c. in any other houfe than that for which it was granted.

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1790.

out more than one licence in any on6 year, either for retailing foreign wine, or for retailing Britijh-made wines or fweets, or for retailing diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, as the cafe may be; and that no one licence, which (hall be granted by virtue of this adl, (hall authorife or impower any perfon or perfons to retail foreign wine, or to retail Britijh-made wines or fweets, or to retail diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, in any other houfe, warehoufe, fhop, room, cellar, vault, or other place than fuch houfes, warehouses, (hops, rooms, cellars, vaults, or other places, in which he, fhe, or they {hall retail foreign wine, or retail Britijh-made wines or fweets, or retail diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, as the cafe may require, at the time of granting fuch licence, and whereof entry in writing fhall be made at the office of excife in the name or names of fuch perfon or perfons at the time of granting fuch licence.

XI.	Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained fhall in any wife be prejudicial to the privileges of the two uni-verfities in that part of Great Britain called England, or either of them, nor to the chancellors or fcholars of the fame, or their fuc-ceffors, but that they may ufe and enjoy fuch privileges as they have heretofore lawfully ufed and enjoyed; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein-before contained fhall extend or be prejudicial to the mafter, wardens, freemen, and

town*corpo-^ commonalty of the vintners of the city of London, or to any other city or town corporate, but that they may ufe and enjoy fuch liberties and privileges as they have heretofore lawfully ufed and enjoyed: provided alfo. That no perfon who fhall be admitted to the freedom of the faid company of vintners of the city of London by redemption only, fhall be exempted from the obligation of taking out a licence for retailing foreign wine, but that the freemen only of the faid company, who fhall have been already admitted to their freedom, or who lhall be admitted to their freedom in right of patrimony or apprenticefhip, fhall be entitled to fuch

Not to prejudice the privileges of the two uni-verities,

nor the vintners corn-

rate.

Freemen of the vintners company by redemption to take out licences.

exemption.

Letters patent XIII. Provided alfo, That nothing herein-before contained fhall

for licenling jn anyW|fe extend to debar or hinder the mayor or burgefles of

taverns at bt. ,	. J . r n .	.....	.	,	/rr	-	7	.

Alban's con- the borough of baint Alban s in the county or tiertjord, or their

firmed.	fucceflors, from enjoying, ufing, and exerciftng all fuch liberties,

’ powers, and authorities to them heretofore granted by feveral letters patent under the great feal of England, by Queen Elizabeth and King James the Firft, for eredting, appointing, and licenling of three feveral wine taverns within the borough aforefaid, for and towards the maintenance of the free fchool there; but that the fame liberties, powers, and authorities fhall be, and the fame are hereby eftablifhed and confirmed, and fhall remain and continue in and to the faid mayor and burgeffes, and their luccefiors, to and for the charitable ufe aforefaid, and according to the tenor of the letters patent aforefaid, as though this adt had never been made; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIV. Pro-

Hosted by Go< le

X79°*] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 38.	77

XIV.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enafted

by the authority aforefaid, That no licence to retail foreign wine. No licence to or to retail Britijh-made wines or fweets, or to retail diftilled begrantedbut fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, {hall be granted to any perfon f°nsUaS ^ht or perfons whatfoever, fave and except to fuch perfons only to have licences whom a licence to retail foreign wine, or tp retail Britijhbeforethe paf-wines or fweets, or to retail diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong hnS this waters refpeftively, might lawfully be granted by the feveral afts of parliament in force immediately before the pafting of this aft.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Who fhall be all and every perfon and perfons who fhall fell, offer, or expofe to deemed re-fale, any foreign wine, in any lefs quantity than fhall be equal to

the meafure or quantity in which the fame fhall have been or may be lawfully imported by way of merchandife, fhall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of foreign wine within the meaning of this .aft; and if any foreign wine fhall at any time be fold, offered, or expofed to fale, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, in any quantity lefs than the meafure or quantity in which the fame fhall have been or might have been lawfully imported by way of merchandife, fuch felling, offering, or expoling to fale, fhall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of foreign wine, within the meaning of this aft; and all and every perfon or perfons who fhall fell, offer, or expofe to fale, any Britijh-made wine or fweets, in the quantity of twenty-five gallons, or under, fhall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of Britijh-made wines or fweets within the meaning of this aft; and if any Britijh-made wine or fweets lhall at any time be fold, offered, or expofed to fale, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever in any quantity lefs than twenty-five gallons, fuch felling, offering, or expofing to fale, fhall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of Britijh-made wines and fweets within the meaning of this aft; and all and every perfon and perfons who fhall fell, offer, or expofe to fale, any brandy, rum, arrack, ufquebaugh, geneva, aquavitae, or any other diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, unmixed or mixed with themfeives, or any other ingredients, in any lefs quantity than two gallons, fliall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of diftilled fpirituous liquors and ftrong waters within the meaning of this aft; and if any brandy, rum, arrack, ufquebaugh, geneva, aquavitae, or any other diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, unmixed or mixed with themfelves, or any other ingredients, fhall at any time be fold, offered, or expofed to fale, by any perfon or perfons what- . foever in any quantity lefs than two gallons, fuch felling, offering, or expofing to fale, fhall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of diftilled fpirituous liquors and ftrong waters within the meaning of this aft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That How penalties all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this aft fhall be fued ma>r be/^e<iv for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or ^be divided, methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by

aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s

courts

Hosted by Google

78

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1790^

courts of record at TVeJlminJler, or in the court of exchequer ia Scotland, refpedtively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fhall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall inform, discover, or fue for the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Duties to be That all the monies arifing by the duties by this adt impofed (the carried to the neceflary charges ofraifing and accounting for the fame excepted) f^nd° 1 ate fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty's

exchequer at Wejlminjler \ and the money fo paid into the faLd receipt of exchequer as aforefaid fhall be carried to and made part of the fund called The Confolidated Fund.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. From Oft. io, That, from and after the faid tenth day of Ottober one thoufand aft^o/^Ann *~even hundred and ninety, the faid Several adts made in the ninth 30and 31 Geo.* Year °f reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne, in the a. and 26 thirtieth and thirty-firft years of the reign of his faid late majefty Geo. 3. as far King George the Second, and in the twenty-Sixth year of the reign thoriflthe” of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame give any power or au-commiffioners thority to the faid commiftioners of ftamps, or any of them, to of ftamps to grant licences to fell wine by retail, or to fell by retail Britijh-grant li- made wines or fweets; and alfo that the faid Several adts, made in i^and’a^ ^ ^lxteenth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his faid late Geo^a.^and majefty King George the Second, and in the twenty-feventh year 517 Geo. 3. as of the reign of his faid prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame gave far as they au- any power or authority to the commiftioners of excife in England commiftioners an^ Scotland refpedtively, or any of them, or to the perfons ap-of excife to pointed by them, or any of them, or the colledtors and fupervifors grant licences, of excife in England and Scotland refpedtively, to grant licences to repealed. retail diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, fhall be, and the

fame are hereby repealed.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

Powers of for- That all the powers, authorities, rules, regulations, reftridtions, latina<to the exceP^ons> provifions, claufes, matters, and things, which in or retailng of	bJ any a& or a&s of parliament relating to the retailing of foreign

wine, See. wine, or Britijh-made wines or fweets, or diftilled fpirituous li-(unlefs hereby quors or ftrong waters, or to licences to retail the fame refpec-altered) to ex- t[veiy5 [n force immediately before the pafting of this adt, are con-aft. °	13	tained, provided, fettled, or eftabliftied, for raiffng, levying, col-

lecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afeertaining, enforcing, or fecuring the rates or duties by law impofed for or in refpedtof fuch licences, and for preventing, detecting, and pu-nifhing frauds relating thereto, or for the regulating the retailing of the faid liquors refpedtively, and not being exprefsly altered, repealed, changed, or controuled by this act, or not being repugnant to any of the matters, claufes, provifions, or regulations in this act contained, fhall be and continue in full force, and be duly obferved, pradtifed, applied, and put in execution throughout Great Britain, in and for the managing, aftefting, raifing, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afeertaining, enforcing, and fecuring the faid feveral duties by this adt

impofed.

Hosted by Google

779°*] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 39.	79

impofed, and for preventing, dete&ing, and puniihing frauds reflating thereto, and for regulating the retailing of the faid liquors refpe&ively, fofar as the fame are applicable thereunto refpeClive-ly, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, regulations, reftric-tions, exceptions, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, had been exprefsly inferted and re-ena£ted in this aCt.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Powers of all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, Car. 1. claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an a£f made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, reladng^o the An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures excife, to exin capite, and hy knight* s Jervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a tend to this revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof), or by any other law now a<^* in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, are provided and eftablifhed, for managing, raifmg, levying, collecting, miti* gating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and prefcribed by this aCt),

{hall be pradtifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, colledting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties by this adt impofed, and for preventing, detedt* ing, and puniihing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in this prefent aCt.

CAP. XXXIX.

An at1 for making allowances to dijlillers of low wines and fpirits from malt, corny or grain, in Scotland, in refpeft of the duties impofed by an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly.

WHEREAS hy an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aCt to difconti- 24Geo.3.0.46, nue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines anc* and fpirits for home confumption, and for granting and fecuring, the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending Britifh fpirits, as well for home confumption as for exportation ; and for.dertroying all home made and foreign fpirits after the condemnation thereof; and for veiling in his Majefty the duties of excife within the lands of Fe~ rentofh, in the county of Invernefs; and for difcontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from the Weft Indies; it ivas enafted, That, for and during the fpace of tivo years, to be computed from the fir ft day 0/* November me thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, all the rates and duties granted and impofed upon low wines and fpirits for home confumption, in and by any aft or afts thentofore made and then in force, Jhould be difcontinued, and that in lieu andJlead thereof, the feveral rates and duties in the. faid all mentioned Jhould, for and during the faid term of

two

Hosted by Google

8o

25Ge 0,3.1 recited.

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 39.	[1790.’

two years, be fubfiituted, charged, and paid, which duties in the Jaid aft mentioned are lower in value than the duties by the jaid aft dijcon-tinned: and whereas by an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the :*73) reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An aft to declare, that brewers felling beer or ale in lefs quantities than a calk, containing four gallons and a half, fliall not be intitled to any allowance out of the duties of excife for wafte or leakage; and for making allowances to diftillers of low wines and fpirits from malt, corn, or grain, in refpeft to the duties impofed by an aft of the laft feflion of parliament, it was enafted, That it jhould be lawful for the com-miffioners of excife in England, or the major part of them, in cafes where the faid duties were charged within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, to pay, out of the money in their hands arifing by the duties by the faid aft granted, unto fuch diftiller or dijlillers, any funi} or fums of money not exceeding twenty-two pounds Jlerling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of fpirits made from malt, corn, or grain, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs quantity; and alfo for the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, or the major part of them, in cafes where the faid duties were charged within the limits of the chief office of excife in Edinburgh, to pay, out of the money in their hands arifing by the faid duties, unto fuch diftiller or diftillers, any furri or fums of money not exceeding a rateable proportion of twenty-two pounds Jlerling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of fpirits made from malt, corn, or grain, according to the duties charged thereon in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; arid alfo, that it Jhould and jnight be lawful for any two or more jufiices of the peace for the county, riding, divifon, or place, in England and Scotland refpec-lively, within which fuch duties were charged, in cafes where the faid duties were charged out of the faid refpeftive limits, to order the colie ftor of the faid duties to pay, out of the money in his hands arifing by the duties by the faid aft granted, unto fuch difiiller or dijlillers, any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty-tzvo pounds jlerling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of fpirits made from malt, corn, or grain, ayid in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity, in that part of Great Britain called England, and in a rateable proportion of Hventy-tzvo pounds for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons offpi-rits made fro?n malt, corn, or grain, according to the duties charged thereon in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, according to the refpeftive flocks of fuch diftiller or dijlillers, as the fame was taken by the officers of excife refpeftively who furveyed the feveral and refpeftive ?nalt dfftillers between the tiuenty-fecond day of Oftober in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, and the commencement of the Jaid aft; and if the faid colic ftor Jhould not have moneyfuf-Jicient in his hands to pay the faid fums fo ordered, the commiffioners JJsould caufe the fame to be paid out of any monies arifing by the faid duties, under and fubjeft to the fever al provifoes, rules, reflriftions, regulations, and provifions, in the faid aft contained: and whereas, between the faid twsnty-jccond day of Oftober and the fecond day of November one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, certain diftillers or makers of low wines and fpirits from malt, corn, or grain, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, were pojjejfed of large

quantities

Hosted by Google

179°.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 40.	81

quantities of fpirits made and diflilled by them from malt, corn, or

graiti, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which fpirits

had been regularly permitted from thence to London: and whereas no

provifion is made, in or by the faid aft made in the twenty-ffth year

of the reign of his prefent Majejly,for any -allowance to be .made to fuch

diftillers for or in refpeft offuch fpirits; and it is reafonable that feme

allowances Jhould be made to them for and in refpeft offuch fpirits; /be

it therefore ena£ted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, cjfe *n gcot“/

and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the land with the "

authority of the fame, That it fliall and may be lawful to and for approbation

the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, or the major part of them, treafu*

by and with the confent and approbation of the lord,high treafurer, dlftillers^irf

or lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, to pay, out of Scotland, who

any money arifine; from the duties of excife in the hands of them had in their

J m J	^	O	t	rr*	/r*	1

the faid commiffioners of excife in Scotland\ unto fuch diftiller or diftillers, any film or films of money not exceeding eight thou- a^^Nov. fand two hundred pounds fterling for fuch fpirits, upon proof be- 1784., fpirits ing made, to the fatisfatftion of them the faid lords commiilioners which had of his Majefty’s treafury, that fuch fpirits had been fo permitted been regularly from that part of Great Britain called Scotland*, to that part of L^ndorf ° Great Britain called England: provided always neverthelefs, That g,aool. if ap-no fuch allowance fhall be made, unlefs the fame {hall be applied plication be for by memorial in writing to the faid lords commiffioners of his made to the Majefty’s treafury, before the fifth day of July one thoufand feven July $1 hundred and ninety*	1790.	*

C A P. XL.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, made in the la ft feffton of parlia-ment, intituled, An acft for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the laji feffton of parliament, in- Preamble.

tituled, An a<ft for repealing the duties on tobacco and 29Geo.3.c.68, fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, it zuas enafted, recited.

That there Jhould be raifed,, levied,, collected, and paid unto his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfers, (among other things ), for every pound weight of tobacco, of the growth, produftion, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain, a cuftom duty of one /hilling andfixpence, and alfo an excife duty of two /hillings; and for every pound weight of the like tobacco which Jhould be delivered for exportation, out of the warehoufe or ivarehoufes in which the fame Jhould be depofted, lodged, andfecured,, according to the directions of the faid aft, a duty of cufoms of one penny, and alfo an excife duty of tvoo-pence: and whereas it ivas by the faid aft provided, That if any fuch tobacco JJ)ould be imported or brought into Great Britain, and warehoufed according to the directions of the faid aft, then, and in fuch cafe only, the duties impofed by the faid aft upon the importation thereof Jhould not belaid or payable until fuch tobacco Jhould be delivered, either for home trade, confumption, or manufacture, or for exportation, as the cafe might be, out of the ware-Vol» XXXVII.	G	houfe

Hosted by Google

%%	Anno	regni tricefitn© Georgii III. c. 40. [1790.'

houfe in ivhich the fame Jkouldbe depofited, lodged\ and fecured, accord-Onlvthe du- Wi0 ^ire^'lons °f *he fai^ : be it enafted by the King’s moft ties of id. and excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ad.per pound, fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament impofed by affembled, and by the authority of the lame, That the faid refpec-adl tc^be paid tlve duties °f one Penny and two-pence per pound, and no other fo/spanifh or duty or duties whatfoever, of cuftoms or excife, fhall be paid or payable for or in refpedt of any tobacco of the growth, production, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, which (hall be delivered for exportation out of the ware-houfe in which the fame fhall be depofited, lodged, and fecured, according to the directions of the faid a£l; any thing in the faid a Si contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enaCfed, That whenever a difference be-difference in tween the weight of tobacco taken upon the depofit thereof in the fhrinkage, warehoufe, and the weight taken at the delivery thereof out of the fuch tobacco warehoufes, according to the directions pf the faid aCtj fliall ap-to be paid for pear to have arjfen from fhrinkage by lying in the wareffoufes, the'we^ht0 t^ienJ a°d *n ca^e5 t^e duties of cuftoms and excife, for and when deliver- refpeCt of fuch tobacco delivered out of fuch warehoufes, ac-ed out of the cording to the directions of the faid aCt, fhall be paid and payable warehoufe. according to the weight thereof when weighed on fuch delivery out of fuch warehoufes.

Portugal tobacco, delivered for exportation from the King’s warehoufe.

N.o tobacco or fnufF to be imported in cants, containing lefs than 45olb. on pain of forfeiture, &c. except as provided by the recited adt.

III. And be it further enaCted, That no toba<cco or fnuff whatever (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from foreign parts, other wife than in hogfhead, calk, cheft, or cafe only, each of which fhall contain four hundred and fifty pounds weight nett of tobacco or fnuff, except as in and by the faid aCf is otherwife particularly provided, on pain of forfeiture of all fuch tobacco aS fhall be imported contrary to this add, together with the hogf-heads, cafks, chefts, cafes, or other packages containing the fame; any thing in the faid act contained to the contrary notwithftand-

TJp tobacco (except Spa-nilh or Portugal, and fnuff) to be imported, manufactured, or in any ftate of manufacture, on pain of forfeiture, &c.

Tobacco imported on or before OCt.' 10, 1789, and remaining in

mg.

IV.	And be it further enaifed by the authority aforefaid, That no tobacco (except tobacco of the growth, production, or manufacture of the plantations of Spain or Portugal, and alfo except fnuff) fhall be imported or brought into Great Britain from foreign parts, either wholly or in part manufactured, or in any ftate or degree of manufacture, on pain of forfeiting all fuch tobacco, with the hogfheads, cafks, chefts, cafes, and other packages re-fpeCtively containing the fame, and alfo the fhip, veflel, or boat, in or on board which the fame fhall be fo imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and fuch tobacco, hogfheads, cafks, chefts, cafes, and other packages refpeCtively, and alfo fuch fhip, veflel, or boat, guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any tobacco, which fhall have been imported into Great Britain on or before the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, fhall, on the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety,

0	remain

Hosted by Google

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georg 11 III. c. 40.	.83

remain in any warehoufe or warehoufes which fhall have been any ware-appointed by virtue of any aft or afts of parliament, for the pur-pofe of depofiting, lodging, and fecuring fuch tobacco, all fuch deemed't(> * tobacco fhall be, and {hall be deemed and confidered as tobacco bacco import-imported into Great Britain after the tenth day of Ofiobir one ed fince thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and fhall be liable to 10> fuch and the like duties, and entitled to fuch drawbacks, and no other, and fhall be fubjeft to all and every the rules, regulations, and reftfiftions to which tobacco imported into Great Britainj after the fa id tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, is made fubjeft and liable by virtue of the faid recited aft or this aft; and all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and the feveral claufes, powers, and direftions in the faid recited aft contained, in refpeft of tobacco imported after the tenth day of Ottober one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fiine, fhall extend, and be conftrued to extend, and are hereby direfted to extend, to all intents and purpofes, to tobacco imported on or before the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and remaining in fuch warehoufes on the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful Commiffion* for the refpeftive commiffioners of the cuftoms and excife to caufe ers °f the cuf-daniaged of mean tobacco, for which the importer or importers, ^fomay caufe proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees thereof fhall damaged or refufe to pay the duties, to be burnt or deftroyed at the end of mean tobacco three days next after fuch refufal, if fuch importer or importers, to.*?e burnt proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, fhall, during after refufal^ fuch fpace of three days, negleft or refufe to pack fuch damaged to pay the du-or mean tobacco into packages, containing not lefs than feven ties, hundred and fifty pounds weight each, according to the directions and regulations in the faid recited aft; any thing in the faid

aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore faid, That Clanfe of re-the claufe of the faid recited aft, and the matters therein contain- cited a<5t ed, which prohibit any perfon or perfons to manufafture, or to blts^htTma-* caufe or procure to be manufactured, out of the limits of the chief nufafturing of office of excife in London, any tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijh, tobacco, See. tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk out of the li-fiour, or fnuff, in any place or places whatfoever, other than and excife^office except the places in the faid claufe fpecified, and all penalties, in London,ex-fines, and forfeitures in the fame claufe mentioned, and every pro- ceptthe places vifo relating to the matters of the faid claufe in the faid aft men- therein fpeci-tioned, or any of them, (hall be, and the fame is and are hereby L 1 rePea e • repealed.

VIII.	And "be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That no perfon or perfons fhall fet up or begin, or caufe or pro- No manu-

cufe to be fet up or begun, any manufactory or manufactories of history ofto-

tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijh, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, be^t’up^

or fnuff, in any place or places whatfoever, which fhall be lefe within 5 miles

than five mile's diftant from any part of the fea coaft of Great Bri- of the fea

tain (except in the ports and places in the faid aft enumerated, coaft, except V	^	m the places

Hosted by Google

8 4

into which to-bacco may be imported, &c.

but not to extend to places duly entered at the excife office before July j, 1789.

Snuff work may be manufactured into rappee, Scotch, or brown Scotch inuff, though contrary to the declaration delivered to the officer, if the manufacturer

Notice to be given the officer of any intention to manufacture inn IT work different from declaration, Sec,

Anno regni tricefimo GeoRgii III. c. 40.	[1790*

into which tobacco may lawfully be imported, and except in any place or places within three miles of fuch ports and places re-fpectively, and alfo except in cities and the fuburbs thereof, and market towns); and that no entry of any houfe, warehoufe, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, being lefs than five miles dif-tant from any part of the fea coaff of Great Britain, and not being in fuch excepted places, or.any of them, as aforefaid, which fhall be fet up or begun for the manufacturing any tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijh, fhuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnuff, fhall be of any effect or avail, but fhall be void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; and all and every perfon and perfons ma-* nufacturing, or caufing or procuring to be manufactured, any tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijh, fiiuff work, tobacco ftalk flour, or fnufF, in any houfe, warehoufe, fhop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, fituate and being in any place or places which fhall be lefs than five miles diftant from any part of the fea coaft of Great Bri-tain^ except in places herein-before excepted, or any of them, fhall, notwithftanding any entry of the fame, be deemed and taken to be a manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fnufF without entry, and fubject to the like penalties and forfeitures as manufacturers of tobacco or fnufF without entry are fubject to by the faid recited ad!; any thing in the faid recited act contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding: provided always, That nothing in this add contained fhall extend, or be deemed to extend, to annul or make void any entry of, or tofubjedl any perfon or perfons to any penalty or forfeiture, in refpedt of any tobacco or fnufF being manufactured in any tobacco or fnufF manufactory, which fhall have been ufed as fuch tobacco or fnufF manufactory at any time on or before the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and whereof due entry fhall be made at the office of excife, or any room, vault, or other place which fhall be erected, and fhall belong and appertain thereunto; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any manufacturer or manufacturers of fnufF, to manufacture his, her, or their fnufF work, either into rappee fnufF, Scotch fnufF, or brown Scotch lhufF, although fuch manufacturing thereof fhall be different from any declaration by him, her, or them delivered to the officer of excife in purfuance of the faid act or of this act, fuch manufacturer and manufacturers reflectively obferving and performing the feveral rules, regulations, notices, and declarations in that behalf preferibed and directed by this act; any thing in the faid recited act contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding. obferve the regulations of this a<£t.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall and may give to the proper officer of excife, from time to time, whilft fuch fnuff work fhall be in cafk or bin purfuant to the faid act, a previous notice in writing, according to the directions of this act, of his, her, or their intention to manufacture fuch fnuff work different from his, her, or their former declaration or declarations, and in fuch no-*

rice

Hosted by Google

X79°0 Anno regni trlcefimb Georgii III. c. 40.	S5

' fcice fhall fpecify the cafk and cafks, or bin and bins, and the number and numbers thereof refpedtively, in which fuch fnufF work fhall then be, and the time or times when fuch fnuff work was laid down or added to in purfuance of this act, and the purpofe for which the fame was before declared to be laid down; and alfo fhall, within forty-eight hours next after every fuch notice being fo given as laft aforefaid, deliver to fuch officer a frefh declaration in writing, fpecifying the weight of fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, and returns, refpedbively, and the weight of the tobacco ftalk flour (if any) laid down in fuch fnuff work, and whether the fame, and how much thereof refpectively, is intended to be made into rappee fnuff, Scotch fnuff, or brown Scotch fnuff, and fhall proceed without delay to manufacture the fame, and finifh the manufacturing thereof, according to the lad: declaration in that re-fpect delivered; and all fuch fnuff work fhall, after any fuch notice and declaration being given as lad: aforefaid, be fubjedl to the like notices and declarations, and to the like rules, regulations, penalties,' and provifions, as are by the faid act and this a£t required and provided, with refpedl to fnuff work laid down and rhanufadtured according to the directions of the faid act and of this act.

XI.	And be it further enated, That it fhall and may be lawful To fnuff work to and for all and every manufacturer or manufacturers of fnuff,

to add to any parcel of fnuff work in operation (once whilft the may^e added fame fhall be laid down in cafk or bin, in purfuance of the faid at the times act, or once immediately before or in the grinding thereof, or herein fpeci* once at or during each of the faid refpective operations, but not &c*> oftener) any quantity of tobacco, tobacco ftalks, tobacco ftalk flour, and returns of tobacco, or either of them, upon his, her, or their giving, from time to time, to the proper officer of excife, previous to any fuch increafe being made, a like notice in writing as herein is diredbed, of fuch his, her, or their intention, fpecifying in each fuch notice the particular cafk and cafks, or bin and bins, and the number and numbers thereof refpectively, in which fuch fnuff work fhall then be, or from out of which fuch * fnuff work has been taken, as the cafe may be, and the time when fuch fnuff work was firft laid down, and alfo the time when any increafe, if any was made thereto, and the weights of the tobacco, tobacco ftalks, tobacco ftalk flour, and returns of tobacco, refpec^ tively intended to be added to fuch fnuff work; any thing in the faid adb contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadbed, That every ifthemanu-fuch manufadburer or manufacturers, giving any fuch notice asfadhirer.com.-Jaft aforefaid, fhall immediately on fuch officer’s attendance pur- y^*1 fuant to fuch notice (and which attendance every fuch officer is herein men-hereby required to give accordingly) or within one hour after the tioned. time fpecified in fuch notice, weigh all fuch tobacco, tobacco

ftalks, tobacco ftalk flour, and returns of tobacco, refpedlively, as fhall be intended to be added to fuch fnuff work, and which fhall be weighed feparate and apart from each other, in the prefence of fuch officer, who fhall take an account of the fame, and fhall alfo

G 3	lining

Hosted by

Google

S6

The whole of any parcel of fnuff work in cure may be mixed with the whole of any other parcel in cure, though laid down at different times, if mixed in the prefence of an officer, &c.

Tofupplycuf-tomers with manufactured

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 40.	[1790.

immediately after the fame refpectively fhall have been weighed, and an account thereof taken, deliver, to fuch officer a declaration in writing, fpecifying the weights of fuch tpbacco, tobacco ftalks, tobacco ftalk flour, and returns of tobacco, refpectively intended to be added to fuch fnuff work, and alfo the weights of the tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco ftalk flour, and returns of tobacco, before laid down in or added to fuch fnuff work, and whether fuch fnuff work, and how much thereof refpectively, is fnuff work for rappee fnuff, fnuff work for Scotch fnuff, or fnuff work for brown Scotch fnuff, and the time when fuch fnuff work was laid down, and alfo the time when any increafe (if any) was made thereto; and all fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, tobacco ftalk flour, and returns of tobacco, fo added or intended to be added to fuch fnuff work, fhall, after any fuch notice and declaration given as laft aforefaid, be fubject to the like notices, and to the like rules, regulations, penalties, and provifions, as are by the faid a£t and this a6f required and provided with refpect to tobacco, tobacco ftalks, tobacco ftalk flour, or returns of tobacco, laid down or manufactured into fnuff work according to the directions of the faid act and of this act.

XIII,	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any manufacturer or manufacturers of fnuff, who fhall have laid down fnuff work in cure in feveral parcels, or at different times, to mix, mingle, and lay together, whilft the fame fhall fo remain in cure, the whole of any one parcel of fnuff* work of one laying down, with the whole of any other parcel of fnuff work of any other laying down, and from thenceforth to proceed in the

. manufacturing thereof as if the whole of fuch fnuff work, fo mixed together, had been laid down in one parcel, and at one and the fame time: provided alwa/s, That fuch parcels of fnuff work 1 fhall be mixed together in the prefence of the proper officer of excife, upon a like notice, in writing, to fuch officer in that re-fpect given, by fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, as by this act is directed, fpecifying therein the particular cafk and calks, or bin and bins, and the number and numbers thereof refpectively, in which the fame fhall then be, and the time or times when fuch parcels refpectively were, or any part thereof was, laid down in lnuff work, and fuch officer {hall and may take an account of the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this and the faid recited act; and every fuch manufacturer or manufadturers refpectively fhall, immediately after the fame fhall have been fo mixed together, deliver to fuch officer a declaration in writing, fpecifying the weights of the tobacco ftalks and returns refpec-tiveJy laid down in each parcel of fuch fnuff work, and the time or times when fuch tobacco, tobacco ftalks, and returns, refpectively, or any part thereof, were or was fo laid down in cure ; any> thing in the faid act contained to the contrary thereof notwith^ ftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That when any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fnuff fhall have occafion to fupply; the demands of his, her, or their cuftomer or cuftomers with manufactured

Hosted by Google

f/go.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 4.0.	87

nufatured tobacco or fnuff, from any parcel or quantity of to- tobacco, or bacco or fnuff work in operation, before the whole of fuch parcel fauff, not lefa of tobacco or fnufF work fhall be completely manufatured, ^ ^av be taken fhall and may be lawful to and for any fuch manufaturer or ma- from tobacco nufaturers, in the prefence of the proper officer of excife, to take, or fnuffiil for the purpofe aforefaid, any manufactured tobacco or fnuff, not operation, left than two hundred pounds in weight of fuch manufa&ured to- Hotice^to the bacco or fnuff, from any particular parcel or quantity of tobacco officer, &c. or fnuff work then in operation of manufacture, although the whole of fuch particular parcel or quantity of tobacco or fnufF work may not then be completely made or manufactured; provided that every fuch manufacturer or manufacturers {hall give to fuch officer of excife as aforefaid, a like notice in writing, according to the directions of this act, of fuch his, her, of their inten-tionrand in every fuch notice fhall fpecifyt'he weight of fuch manufactured tobacco or fnuff fo intended to be taken for the* purpofe aforefaid, and alfo the time or times when fuch particular parcel or quantity of tobacco was weighed to be put in operation of manufacture, and the weight thereof, or the time or times when fuch fnuff work was declared to be laid down, and the weights of the tobacco, tobacco talks, tobacco talk flour, and returns, refpectively laid down therein,, as the cafe may be, and alfo that in every fuch cafe fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall immediately on fuch officer’s attendance purfuant to fuch notice (which attendance every fuch officer is hereby required to give accordingly) weigh all fuch manufactured tobacco or fnuff 10 taken, as the cafe may be, in the prefence of fuch officer, who {hall be permitted to take an account thereof, and fhall immediately after the fame refpectively {hall have been weighed, and an account thereof taken, deliver to fuch officer a declaration in writing, fpecifying the weight of fuch manufatured tobacco or fnuff fo taken, and the weight of the particular parcel or quantity of tobacco or fnuff work from whence the fame is fo taken, at the' time or times when the'fame was put in operation: and if any but if taken manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fnuff fhall take anywithout fuch tobacco or fnuff from any particular parcel or quantity of tobac- ^nufadture/ co, or fnuff work, put in operation of manufacture, before the to forfeit 5oU whole of fuch particular parcel or quantity of tobacco, or friuff work, fhall be completely manufatured, without giving fuch notice as aforefaid, or weighing the fame in the prefence of fuch oft* ficer, according to the directions of this at, or, having given fuch notice as aforefaid, and weighed fuch manufatured tobacco, or fnuff work, fpecified therein, according to the diretions of this at, fhall neglet or refufe to permit fuch officer to take an account thereof, or {half neglet or refufe to give fuch declaration in Writing as aforefaid, fuch manufaturer or manufaturers fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds,

XV.	And be it further enated, That'it fhall and may be law- Britifh rapful :fbr any manufaturer Or manufaturers of Britljh rappee fnuff, pee,Scotch, or Scotch ihuff, or brown Scotch fnuff, which fhall have been com- fn^nCQ^tC^ pletcly made and'finifhed, and1 an account1 thereof taken by the pietejy

G 4.	officers	ed, may be lie

Go< k

88	Anno	regni	tricefimo	Georgii	III. c. 40.	[1790.

quoted before officers of excife, to liquor or damp the fame, at any time before fuch fnuff fhall be mixed with fnuff of a different making, under , and fubjet to the feveral regulations, reftritions, and provifions herein in that behalf prefcribed, fo as the weight of fuch fnuff fo liquored or damped {hall not exceed the greateft extent of credit given by the faid recited at or this at to fuch manufaturer or manufacturers, for or in refpet of fuch fnuff; any thing in the faid act contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every toV^orfnuff	manu^a<^:urer or manufacturers, who {hall intend to liquor or

for which the’ damp any fuch fnuff, in refpect whereof the greateft extent of cre-legal credit dit allowed by this or the faid recited act has not been received, has not been {hall give to the proper .officer of excife a like notice in writing, rive^notice°to accorc^nS t0 the directions of this act, of his, her, or their inten-theoffice^&c. tl0n to ^tuor or damp fuch fnuff, and in each and every fuch notice fhall fpecify the kinds and weight of each kind of fuch fnuff fo intended to be liquored or damped, and how much fnuff, and each kind of fuch fnuff, at the time when an account was firft taken of the fame by the officer of excife, fell {hort of the^ greateft extent of credit given to fuch manufacturer or manufacturers by the faid act, or by this act, for or in refpect of fuch kind of fnuff; and that every fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, immediately on fuch officer’s attendance purfuant to fuch notice (and which attendance fuch officer is hereby required to give accordingly) fhall, in the prefence of fuch officer, weigh all fuch fnuff intended to be liquored or damped, and liquor or damp the fame; and immediately after the fame fhall have been fo liquored or damped, fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall, in the prefence of fuch officer, re-weigh the fame, and if the fame, upon being fo weighed, fhall not, by means of fuch liquoring or damping, have increafed in weight more than fuch fnuff*, at the time of firft taking account thereof by the officer of excife, fell fhort of the greateft extent of credit given to fuch manufacturer or manufacturers by the faid act or by this act, for or in refpet of fuch kind of fnuff, then fuch fnuff fhall (upon all and Angular the regulations, reftritions, and provifions herein in that behalf prefcribed being fully complied with, but not otherwife) notwithftanding fuch increafe of weight, be deemed and taken to be a fair commodity, and no part thereof fhsd be forfeited for or by reafon of fuch increafe of weight, but fuch manufacturer or ma-nufaturers fhall have credit for the fame in ftock accordingly.

ISTo fnuff to be ' XVII. Provided always, and be it further enated, That no-^arcels than ^ t^linS herean contained {hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued aoolb. nor in to extend, to authorife any manufacturer or manufacturers of fnuff more than to liquor or damp any fnuff lefs in quantity than two hundred four different pounds weight, nor to liquor or damp any one making of fuch parcels of one fnuff jn more than four different parcels.

Srruff^or	XVIII.	Provided	alfo, and be it further enated, That all and

which fuch an every fuch manufaturer and manufaturers {hall keep all fuch allowance fnuff, on which any fuch allowance fhall be made, feparate and fhall be made, apart from all other fnuff in his, her, or their cuftody or poffef-

fion>

Hosted by Google

mixed with fnuff of a different making, fo it exceed not the legal credit.

Mairafaftur-

179°-] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 40.	89

fton, and fhall from time to time fhew the fame to the officer of to be kept fe~ excife under whofe furvey he, (he, or they fhall be, upon demand, al^ottofnuff and declare at what time or times any fuch allowance fhall have &c.onpenalty been made to him, her, or them, in refpeCt of fuch fnuff, and the of 20I. amount of fuch allowance, on pain of forfeiting the lum of twenty pounds for every negleCt or refufal.

XIX.	And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and maybe Scotch fnuff

lawful to and for any manufacturer or manufacturers of fnuff to and tobacco manufacture Scotch fnuff and tobacco ftalk flour into brown Scotch	^ma-

fnuff, and alfo to manufacture tobacco ftalk flour into rappee fnuff, nufa<fhired under and fubjeCt to the like rules, regulations, reftriCtions, pro- into brown vifoes, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, notices, and declarations, Scotch fnuff, refpeCtively, by this aCt or by the faid aCt prefcribed, provided, or di- ^fk^ouffinto reCted, for and in refpeCt of the manufacturing of fnuff, and as the rappee fnuff. cafe may require, according to the true intent and meaning of

the faid recited aCt and this aCt.

XX.	And be it further enaCted, That in taking an account of in taking the flock of all and every manufacturer and manufacturers of ftock where fnuff, who fhall have manufactured any Scotch fnuff with tobacco

ftalk flour into brown Scotch fnuff, or any tobacco ftalk flour into flouar rappee fnuff, or who fhall have added tobacco ftalk flour to his, have been ma-her, or their fnufl7 work for rappee fnuff, Scotch fnuff, or brown nufaCtured Scotch fnuff, according to the directions of this aCt, all and every. fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall have a credit according bacc0 to the following proportions $ (that is to fay),	into rappee,

or where to-

For every one hundred pounds weight of Scotch fnuff which fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall manufacture with tobacco ftalk flour for brown Scotch fnuff, he, fhe, or they fhall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and forty-one pounds weight of brown Scotch fnuff; and fo in proportion for any greater Of lefs quantity of fuch Scotch fnuff fo manufactured :

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco ftalk flour, which fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall manufacture with

bacco ftalk flour has been added to fnuff work for rappee, &c. the manufacturer to be allowed the following credits.

Scotch fnuff, for brown Scotch fnuff, he, fhe, or they fhall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and thirty-three pounds weight of brown Scotch fnuff; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch tobacco ftalk flour fo manufactured:

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco ftalk flour, which fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall manufacture for rappee fnuff, or fhall add to his, her, or their fnuff work for rappee fnuff, he, fhe, or they fhall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty-eight pounds weight of fuch rappee fnuff; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch tobacco ftalk flour which fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall fo manufacture, or add to his, her, or their fnuff work for rappee fnuff:

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco ftalk flour which fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall manufacture for brown Scotch fnuff, or fhall add to his, her, or their fnuff work for brown Scotch fnuff, he, fhe, or they fhall have a proper credit

not

Hosted by QO£

Anna regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 40.	[1790.

Jnot exceeding one hundred and thirty-three pounds weight of tfuch brown Scotch fnuff, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch tobacco ftalk flour which fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall fo manufacture, or add to his, her, or their fnuff work for brown Scotch fnuff.

Any excefs found of the credits, to be forfeited.

Siftings of fe« cond draftings of flhort cut and (hag tobacco, and returns of fnufF, to be deemed returns of tobacco. Manufacturers may keep and ufe dye for ftaining tobacco.

So much of claufe 115 of recited a<5t repealed, as directs that the permits for removal of tobacco or fnufF from the mill, fhall be for no more than the weight after being ftoved or dried.

XXL And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any officer or officers fhall at anytime difeover or find, in the ftock of any manufacturer or manufacturers of fnuff, any quantity of rappee fnufF, Scotch fnuff, or brown Scotch Inuff, greater than the credit herein-before in that behalf allowed to' fuch manufacturer or manufacturers, fuch rappee fnuff, Scotch fnuff, and brown Scotch fnuff, refpeCtively, fo found in excefs, fhall be deemed and taken to be brought into the houfe, warehoufe, workhoufe, fhop, room, cellar, vault, or other place made ufe of by fuch manufacturer, or manufacturers, without any authentick permit granted and given according to the directions of the faid aCt, and fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XXII.	And be it further enaCted, That all fiftings arifing from the fecond' dreffings of fhort cut tobacco or fhag tobacco, and all returns of fnuff, fhall be* deemed' and taken to be returns of tobacco within the meaning of the laid recited aCt and of this prefent aCt.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That nothing'in the* faid recited aCt contained fhall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to prohibit any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from dying or ftaining with any liquid dye or itain, any tobacco manufacturing or manufactured into fhort cut tobacco, fhag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, or any tobacco ftalks manufacturing or manufactured into Spanijb, or from having fuch liquid dye or ftain in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeffion, for the purpofe of ftaining or dying fuch tobacco or tobacco ftalks fo manufacturing or manufactured; any thing in the faid recited aCt contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXIV.	And be it further enaCted, That fo much of a claufe in the faid recited aCt as provides that the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fnuff, who fhall have ftoved or finifhed tobacco, or dried fnuff work, at any cutting mill or fnuff mill, fhall not be entitled to or receive a permit for the removal of any greater quantity of manufactured tobacco or fnuff than the weight of fuch tobacco or fnuff work refpeCtively, after fuch tobacco fhall have been fo ftoved or finifhed, or fuch fnuff work fhall have been fo dried, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the proper officer or officers of excife to grant-a permit or permits to fuch manufacturer or mar nufaCturers for the removal of the whole quantity of manufactured tobacco or fnuff work refpeCtively from fuch cutting mill or fnuff mill* without regard being had or made to the weight of fuch tobacco or fnuff work, at the time of ftoving or finifhing fuch tobacco, or drying fuch fnuff work, fubjeCt neverthelefs to all and every, other the regulations and reftriCtions in the faid aCt

or

Hosted by Google

9*

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii HI. c. 40.

or this at prefcribed for the removal of fuch tobacco or fnuff from fuch mill or mills.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be Permits may lawful to and for all and every manufaturer and manufacturers ^rTmo^of of tobacco, to remove by permit, and to and for the proper offi- not jefs tjian cer or officers of excife to grant a permit for the removal of any 200lb. of un-unmanufatured tobacco, in any quantity not lefs than two hun- manufactured dred pounds in weight, and in any package whatfoever, from the /package entered premifes of fuch manufaturer or manufaturers, to any from entered mill, for the purpofe of being manufatured at fuch mill, accord- premifes to ing to the provifions of the faid at and of this at, and under the mill* and- fubjet to the rules, regulations, reftritions, provifions, fines* penalties, and forfeitures in the faid at or in this adl contained,

for the removal of tobacco from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof; any thing in the faid at contained to the contrary thereof in anywiff notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enated, That it fliall and may be Tobacco lawful to and for all and every manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fnuff, who fhall carry on any manufactory of tobacco may rei. ar fnuff in any entered premifes fituate out of the limits of the moved by per-weekly bills of mortality, or the chief office, of excife in London, mit, fromen-or any of the ports of importation of tobacco in the faid recited

act enumerated, or within two miles of any fuch. ports, to re- t^e limits- of move,4 by permit, any tobacco ftalks arifen and ftripped from the the bills of leaf at fuch his, her, or their entered premifes, and whereof the mortality,Sec-proper officer of excife has taken an account in purfuance of the thofc faid act, to any place within the limits afore faid, under and fub-	&c.

jedt to the rules, regulations, reftritions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in the faid adl or in this adl prefcribed for the removal of tobacco ftalks from any part of this kingdom to any place npt within the faid limits, or either of them, in caf© fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall not have received into, and have in his, her, or their entered premifes, cuftody, or pof-fefiion, at the time of requefting a permit for fuch removal, any other tobacco ftalks whatever, whereof the proper officer of excife has not taken any account, or whereof fuch officer has taken account, in purfuance of the faid at, as tobacco ftalks received, into fuch entered premifes, by permit, from the flock of any other manufaturer or manufacturers; any thing in. the faid adl contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enated, That it fhall and* may be Tobacco, &ct lawful to and, for all and every manufaturer or manufaturers of mxY re’ tobacco or fnuff, to manufacture, his, her,, or their tobacco, to- jeered bacco ftalks, fnuff work, and returns of tobacco, refpetively, at to be manu-any mill whereof an entry hath been duly made at: the office of fadtured, &c* excife, in purfuance of the faid at, and to remove the fame refpetively, by permit, from the premifes of fuch manufaturer or manufadturers to fuch mill, for the purpofe of being; fo manu-fatured* under and fubjet to the rules, regulations, and reftric-

tions in the faid recited at and this at mentioned,; by which tobacco, tobacco ftalks, fnuff work,, aijd returns of tobacco, op

either

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

ffl

Permits for removal of tobacco, Sec. from the mill back to the manufacturer’s premifes.

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1790.'

cither of them, may be removed from the premifes of any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fnuff to any mill, for any the purpofes in the laid act mentioned; any thing in the faid act contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always. That every requeft note for fuch permit, and every fuch permit for the removal of tobacco, tobacco talks, fnuff work, and returns of tbbacco refpedtively, from the premifes of fuch manufacturer or manufacturers to the mill, (hall fet forth the purpofe for which the fame is to be removed, and the particular procefs or proceffes of manufacture to be performed thereon at fuch mill.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That no permit (hall be deemed illegal or infufficient for the removal of any tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spanijh, tobacco talk flour, or fnuff, in any way or degree manufactured, from the mill where the fame reflectively fhall have been fo manufactured back to the premifes . _	of the fame manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fnuff

account of ^ ^rom whence the fame refpectively fhall have been permitted and any operation fent, by reafon of any procefs or operation of manufacture what* at the mill. ever having been performed thereon at fuch mill; any thing in the faid act contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding. Snuff work XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no permit fhall be removed, ex- granted, or be valid, for the removal of any fnuff work from any premia™ * Part	kingdom to any other part thereof, except from the

where laid entered premifes of the manufacturer or manufacturers of fnuff, down to the where the fame was laid down, to the mill, for the purpofe of being ground into fnuff; and if any fnuff work fhall be removed or carried, by land or by water, horn any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, except from the entered premifes of the manufacturer or manufaturers of fnuff where the fame was laid down, to the mill, for the purpofe of being ground into fnuff (whether a permit fhall or fhall not have been granted for fuch removal thereof), all fuch fnuff work, together with the hogf-heads, cafks, chefts, cafes, and other packages containing the fame, and the horfes, cattle, boats, barges, and carriages, ufed in fuch removal or carriage thereof, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

XXX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Notice to be That it fhall not be lawful for any manufacturer or manufacturers vious\o the of tobacco or fnuff to begin any operation of manufacture by this beginning any a<^ allowed, and in refpect whereof any notice is required, unlefs operation of fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall give to the officer of manufacture, excife under whofe furvey he, fhe, or they fhall be, previous to his, her, or their beginning any fuch operation of manufacture by this act allowed, fix hours notice in writing, if his, her, or their entered premifes, in which fuch operation of manufacture, fpecified in fuch notice, is or are intended to be carried on, fhall be fituate within the limits of the chief office of excife in Londony or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh 5 twelve hours previous notice in writing, if fuch premifes fhall be fituate in any city, or the fuburbs thereof, or in any oiarket town 5 and twenty-

four

mill, to be forfeited, &c.

Hosted by

Google

93

and if the ope* ration be not begun in an hour after the fpecified time, a ffefh notice to be given.

How penalties may be fued for, and how to be divided.

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 41.

four hours previous notice in writing, if fuch premifes fhall be fituate in any other part of Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention fo to do, and in each and every fuch notice fhall fpecify the particular hour and time of the day when he, fhe, or they fhall intend to begin any operation of manufacture by this a & allowed, or to do or perform the particular matter or thing fpecified in fuch notice to be* intended to be done or perfortned; and if fuch manufacturer or manufacturers fhall not begin to do or perform the matter or thing fpecified in fuch notice, at the time or within one hour next after the time fpecified in fuch notice, the fame fhall be void and of no effect, and fuch manufacturer and manufacturers refpectively fhall be liable to give a new and frefh notice in writing of the fame, as if no notice had been before given.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures impofed or created by this act, fhall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of cuftoms or excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refpectively, and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fhall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who fhall inform, di(cover, or fue for the fame.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted. That this at fhall commence and take efiet from and immediately after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

CAP. XLI.

An alt for laying a duty on the importation, from any of the provinces in North America, of rape feed, and all other feeds ufed for extracting oil; and for allowing the importation from the faid provinces of rape cakes, or cakes made of rape feed ufed for manure7 duty-free.

WHEREAS by an act, paffed in the fifteenth year of the reign■ 15Geo.3x.3ib of his prefent Ma'iefty, intituled, An at for encouraging the manufactures of rape oil, and other vegetable oils, in this kingdom, by reducing the duties on rape feed, and other feeds producing oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing the free importation of rape cakes for manure from Ireland to this kingdom; and by another aft, pajfed in the twenty-feve nth year of the reign of and 27 Geo. 3. his prefent Majejly, intituled, An at for repealing the feveral du- c* recited, ties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufature of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives,

to

Acft to commence from July 5, 1790.

Hosted by

Google

Anno regni tricefitno Georgii III. c. 41.	[1790*

to the reduction of the national debt; Yape feed and all other feeds commonly made ufe of for the purpofe of extracting oil therefrom, being the growth of Ireland, are allowed to be imported front thence on pay-ment of the duty of one Jhilling the lafl, whenever the prices of middling Britifh rape feed Jhall be at or above the price of feventeen pounds ten Jhillings per laft, under the conditions, regulations, and rejlriftions mentioned in the faid recited aft, paffed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty: and whereas by the laft-recited aft rape cakes, or cakes made of rape feed,, commonly ufed for the purpofe of manure, may be imported at all times from Ireland dutyfree; and whereas it is expedient to permit the importation of rape feed,\ and all ether feeds commonly made ufe of for the purpofe of extracting oil therefrom,1 and alfo rape cakes, or cakes made of rape feed, commonly ufed for the purpofe of manure, from his. Majejly’s colonies, plantations, and provinces in North America, in like manner and under the fame conditions, regulations, and rejlriftions as fuch feeds are allowed to be imported from Ireland ; be it therefore ena&ed by, the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords _ . fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament 1790! rape5* aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after feed,* See. of the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, it the growth of fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatever to im-l^n'es^n Ame” Port *n*° ^reat Britain, in a Britifh-built fhip, owned and navi-ricarmay be" gate^ according to law, from any of the colonies, plantations, imported in and provinces belonging to his Majefty in North America, rape Bntifh-built feed, and all other feeds commonly made ufe of for the purpofe Ihips, on pay- Gf extracting oil therefrom, being the growth of the faid colonies, duty perYaft, pjantati°ns? and provinces, on payment of the duty of one fhil-when the price hnglaft? whenever the prices of middling Britifh rape feed of middling {hall be at or above the price of feventeen pounds ten {hillings rape feed fhall per ]aft^ and under the fame conditions, rules, apd reftrictions, pe/laft^and penalties and forfeitures as fuch feeds are now allowed to be inn-rape cakes	ported from Ireland, and alfo rape cakes, or cakes made of rape

duty-free.	feed commonly ufed for the purpofe of manure duty-free.

Rape feed	II.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful

from Ireland, to import, enter, and land rape feed from Ireland, or the faid co-colon^es^mav *on'es> Potations, or provinces, without payment of duty, and be imported ^ Co lodge and fecure the fame in warehoufes under the joint locks without duty, o£ the King and the importer, and under fuch and the like regu-and lodged in lations, provifions, and reftrictions, with refpect either to the &cr^s°corn* warehoufing, the taking it out for home confumption, or the ex-&c. under 13 porting thereof, as corn, meal, and flour, are permitted to be Geo. 3. c. 43. imported, landed, and warehoufed, taken out and exported, by an a£t paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to regulate the importation and exporta* lion of corn.

CAP,

Hosted by Google

*79°.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii JII. c, 42;	95

C A P. XLIL

An aft to continue, 'for a limited time, certain proiifions contained in an afty made in this prefent fejfion of parliamenty intituled, An a£t for indemnifying all perfons who have been concerned in ad-vifing or carrying into execution certain orders of council re-> fpedling the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and alfo certain orders ifTued by the governor general of his Majefty’s colonies in America; and for preventing fuits in con-fequence of the fame; and for making further provifions relative thereto, relating to the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and to authorife his Majejly to permit the exportation of corny grainy mealy or floury and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties.

WHEREAS an aft was made in this prefent feffion of parlia- Preamble*

menty (intituledy An a<ft for indemnifying all perfons who 30Geo.3,0.1, have been concerned in advifmg or carrying into execution cer- recited, tain orders of council refpe&ing the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and alio certain orders iflued by the governor general of his Majefty’s colonies in America \ and for preventing fuits in confequence of the fame ; and for making further provisions relative thereto), which was to continue in force until the twenty-ninth day ^September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety: and whereas it is expedient to continue, for a limited timcy certain provifions contained in the faid aft relating to the importation and exportation of corn and grain; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the rejates to the faid recited a<ft, made in this prefent feflion of parliament, as re- importation lates to the importation or exportation of corn and grain, fhall or exportation be and remain in full force and effe&r, from the faid twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feveji hundred and ninety, until and upon the twenty-eighth day of February one thoufand feven till Feb. 38, hundred and ninety-one, and no longer*	1791*

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That before which at any time before the faid twenty-eighth day of February one day hisMa-thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, itfliall and maybe lawfulthe* for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflfors, and he and they is and privy council, are hereby authorifed, by and with the advice of his or their privy may permit council, from time to time to permit, for a limited time, the *he exporta-exportation from Great Britain of wheat, wheat-flour, biicuit, ^°cn ancTpro^ rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oatmeal, peafe, or beans hibit the im-and in like manner to prohibit the importation, on the low du- portation of ties, of foreign wheat, wheat-flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley foreign wheat, meal, oats, oatmeal, peafe, and beans; and in like manner to j^dutil^&s recal luch permiflion or prohibition, if circumftances fhall appear	*

fo to require ; and if any perfon fhall export or import any wheat, wheat-flour, rye, rye-meal, parley, barley-meal, oats> oatmeal,

peafe,

Hosted by Google

$6‘	Anno	regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 43.	[1790;

peafe, or beans, contrary to fuch permiflion or prohibition of his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, the perfon fo exporting or importing the fame {hall be fubjedl and liable to the like forfeitures and penalties; and the faid wheat, wheat-flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oatmeal, peafe, or beans, and the {hip or veflel in which the fame {hall be exported or imported, {hall be fubjedf and liable to the like forfeitures, as if the faid wheat, wheat-flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oatmeal, peafe, or beans, were exported or imported contrary to the provilions of any a£f or a£ts of parliament now in force. ,

CAP. XLIII.

An aft to authorife the commijfioners of the cuftoms to defray charges on feizures out of his Majeffy's fare of feizures in general.

Preamble . TTTHEREAS, by fever al acts of parliament now in force, the V V commijfioners of his Majeftfs cufoms are impowerecl to caufe all /hips, veffels, and boats, ■ and all goods, of what kind foever they may be, which /hall be feized by any officer of the cufoms for any caufe of forfeiture, and condemned according to law to be fold, or burnt or otherwife defroyed., in the manner in the faid alls mentioned: and whereas the rcfpeliive officers feizing fuch goods are intitled to certain allowances arifing out of the nett produce of fuch feizures as /hall be fold, after dedulling the charges of condemnation and fale from the whole, and to certain other allowa?ices where fuch feizures are burnt or otherwife defroyed, purfuant to the directions of the faid alls: and whereas, in cafes where any ftp., veffiel, boat, or goods fall be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefiy's cufoms, zuhich are by law liable on condemnation to be burnt or otherwife defroyed, or where the produce arifing from the fale of any particular feizure fall not be fuf-ficient to anfiver the expences of feizing, profecuting, or condemning the fame ; or if, upon any trial> a verdict fall be given for the claimant, or the fip, vefel, boat, or goods feized, fall not he condemned, the faid commiffiioners of his Majeffs cufoms are by law impowered, if they think proper, to order the charges arifing by the condemnation and fale, and by the feizure and profecution offuch fips, vefels, and boats or goods, whether they fall be condemned or not, and all manner of law bills, and other charges of management, to be paid out of his Majefly's fare of the produce arifing by the fale of any goods, which had been or might be feized and condemned: and whereas, in order to encourage the officers of the cufoms to be vigilant in the exertion of their duty, it is expedient to extend the provifions of the faid laws, by authorifing the commijfioners of his Majeffs cufoms, in all cafes where they in their difcretion and judgement fall think proper, to pay out of his Majeffs fare of the produce arifing by the fale of goods feized and condemned, the zvhole or any part of the charges and expences that may arife from the feizure and detention of any goods whatfoever, or from the profecution, condemnation, or fale thereof, whether the goods fo feized fall be condemned or not, or whether the produce arifing from ' the fale of any feizure fall be fufficient to anjwer the faid charges and expences or not, •and in all fuch cafes to allow to the officer or officers

ivho ’

Hosted by CjOCK^Ic

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 44/	gf

who Jhallfeize any fuch goods, his or their full /hare or proportion of the nett produce arifing by the fale or other difpofal of fuch feizure, without deducing therefrom fuch charges and expences, or fuch part thereof as aforej,aid’, be it therefore enadled by the King’s moft: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the > lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in all Commiffion- , cafes where any (hip, veflel, boat, or goods, of what kind foever	cu*~

they may be, {hall be feized by any officer or officers of his Ma- orderThJex-jefty’s cuftoms, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commif- pences of fioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, if they (hall think proper, to feizure, &c. Order the whole or any part of the charges and expences arifing belaid either from the feizure, cuftody, removal,- detention, or profe- ofhisMajef-cutioti of any fuch goods whatsoever, whether fuch goods fhall ty’s fhare of be condemned or not, and alfo of the charges and expences arif- any feizure, ing from the condemnation and fale, or other difpofal of any fuch goods,- whether the produce arifing from the fale or other difpofal cejve ^ls thereof fhall be fufficient to anfwer the faid charges and expences ihare of the or not, to be paid out of his Majefty’s fhare of the produce nett produce*1 arifing by the fale of feizures which have been or fhall and may be feized and condemned; and all and e'very officer and officers, who fhall have made any fuch feizure, fhall, in every fuch cafe, be allowed by the faid commiffioners fuch his or their refpecftive fhare and proportion of the nett produce arifing by the fale, or Other difpofal thereof, in full, without deducing therefrom the faid charges and expences, or fuch part thereof as aforefaid, as fuch officer or officers relpedHvely was or were by law intitled tffrtO before the making of this a<5f, and the refidue of fuch produce the faid commiffioners fhall caufe to be paid and applied to' fuch ufes and purpofes as his Majefty’s fhare of the produce of fuch feizures is by law applicable unto.

C A P. XLIV.

An aft to enable his Ma/efty to fettle a certain annuity on the reve-rend Francis Willis doftor of phyfick*

Moft gracious Sovereign,'

WH E REAS your Majefy, by your mojl gracious meffage to yoiir Preamble*' faithful commons, hath been pleafed t'o fignify your defire of conferring a fpecial mark of your royal favour on the reverend Francis Willis doftor of phyfick^ and that for that purpofe your Majefty Jhould. be enabled to fettle an annuity of one thoufand pounds per annum, clear of all deduftions whatfoever, on the faid reverend Francis Willis, his executors, adminiftrators, and a/figns^ during the term of twenty-one years * we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedte, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament adembled, duly confi-dering your Majefty’s moft gracious intention, do moft humbly •befeech your Majefty that it may be enatfted and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords foiritual and temporal, and commons, in this , Vox,. XXXVII.	H	prefent

Hosted by Google

9 s

His Majefty may grant to the reverend Francis Willis an annuity of loool. for %i years.

Penfion to be clear of all charges.

Preamble.

a9Geo.3,c.4i

recited.

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii Til. c. 45.	[1790.

prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty to give and grant to the fa id reverend Francis Willis, his executors, ad-miniftrators, and affigns, an annuity or yearly fum not exceeding one thoufand pounds, clear of all deductions whatfoever, for and during the term of twenty-one years, to be paid to the faid reverend Francis Willis, his executors, aaminiftrators, and affigns, out of any of the hereditary or temporary revenues ufually applied for the expences of the civil government, and to commence from fuch time as to his Majefty (hall feem proper.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the faid annuity or yearly fum of one thoufand pounds, fo to be granted to the faid reverend Francis Willis, fhall not be charged with the payment of, or be fubject to any tax, rate, or afteftment, impofed or to be impofed on penfions paid out of his Majefty’s civil lift revenues, by authority of parliament, or otherwife howfoever, nor to any fees ufually paid on the payment of fuch penfions, nor to any other charges whatfoever; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

CAP. XLV.

An 6ft for convening certain- annuitiesy to be attended with the benefit of furvivorflnp in claffesy ejfablifhed by an aft of the lafi feffion of parliament, into certain annuities for an abfolute term of years ; and for enabling the commiff oners of the treafnry to no?ninate lives for the Jhares fo converted.

WHEREAS, in purfuance of an aft made and pajjed in the la ft fejfion of parliament, (intituled, An a<5t for railing a certain fum of money by way cf annuities, to be attended with the benefit of furvivorfhip in claffes)y fever al perfons who had beco?ne contributors towards raifing the fum of one million two thoufand five hundred pounds y have actually advanced and paid to the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the ba?:k of England the full fums contributed: and whereas the fever al contributorsy their refpec-tive executors, adminijlrators, fucceffiorsy and affigns7 are at libertyy for every entire fum of one hundred pounds and five Jhillings advanced and paid.> to name the life of fome one perjon, either of fuch contributor f r fome other life, at any time or times on or before the tenth day of October one thotfand feven hundred and ninety, in manner in the faid aft dtrefteef and by virtue thereof will become entitled from the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, for and dur'mg the life of the ?iominee who Jhall be appointed, to an annuity7 . to be attended with the benefit of furvivorfhip in claffes, in manner in . the faid aft mentioned: and whereas the fever al contributorsy their refpeftive executorsy adminijlrators, and affigns, or fome of themy are or may be willing and deferaus to have fuch refpeftive interejls converted into certain annuities for an abfolute term of years berein-after mentioned; may it therefore pl-eafe your Majefty that it may be enaefted ; and be it enacied by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-

a	poral*

Hosted by Google

t79°*] Anno regni triccfimo Georgii III. c* 45.	99

-poral, and commons, In this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every perfon and per- Till Sept. 20, fons who are interefted in, or maybe entitled to, any life an- J79°> certifi-nuity or annuities, with benefit of furvivorfhip as in the faid is granted, and who fhali be poffefied of any certificate or certi- cgcec[ a(q mdy ficates, made out by the cafhier or cafliiers of the governor and be exchanged company of the bank of England., in purfuance of the faid a<9, at the ex~ their refpedtive agents or alfigns, fhali and may, at any time or ^^ficates1* times on or before the twentieth day of Septe?nber one thoufand for annuhies> feven hundred and ninety, carry the faid certificate or certificates of 4I. 5s. for to the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, to be every iool. exchanged for other certificates to be made out by the faid audi- ^ar^°and one tor, in the manner herein-after mentioned ; and Avail and may, quaiter, from by writing on the back of every fuch certificate e!e£t to have his, 061.10, 1790, her, or their inteueft of and in any fuch life annuity or annuities, with benefit of furvivorfhip, converted into annuities for fuch Auditor on certain and abfolute term or terms of years as herein is men-	~

tioned; and the faid auditor fhali and is hereby required, on the giveVvc'-Hpt receipt of any fuch certificate or certificates, after computing the tor the prin-intereft to become due thereon on the tenth day of Odlober one cipl, and in-thoufand feven hundred and ninety, to give a receipt for the ^ere1^ fame, expreffing the principal fum or fums of money contained to file fuch in fuch certificate or certificates, and the faid intereft to become certificates, due thereon, and caufe the faid certificate or certificates to be &c. filed in the office of the faid auditor; and the faid auditor fhali, in lieu thereof, caufe to be made out a diflinft certificate in re-fpe£t of every entire fum of one hundred pounds and five fhillings, . to the governor and company of the bank of England., for the amount of the principal fums contained in the certificates remaining filed in the faid office, for which certificates no fee or reward fhali betaken, nor lbamp duty paid ; and the perfon or perfons who fhali be poffefTed of any fuch laft-meritioned certificate or certificates, fhali, upon delivery thereof to the faid governor and company, be inti tied to have, receive, and enjoy an annuity, at and after the rate of four pounds and five fhillings per annumy for and upon every entire fum of one hundred pounds and five fhillings, which fhali be expreffed in fuch lafb mentioned cer-tificate or certificates, to commence from the tenth day of Odlober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, and to continue for a certain term of fixty-nine years and one quarter of a year, and then to ceafe; which faid annuity of four pounds and five flail- Annuities lings fhali be paid and payable half-yearly, by even and equal payable half-portions, during the faid term ; (that is to lay). On tire fifth day YealIy* of April and the tenth day of Odlober in every year during the faid term, the firft payment thereupon to be due for half a year on the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and fo fhali continue until the quarter day next preceding the time at which the feveral annuities by this a£t granted fhali determine, and the quarter’s annuity for the time then remaining unexpired, fhali be paid to the day on which the fame fhali become due $ and in each and every fuch cafe, the right, title, in-

H z	wreft*

Hosted by Google

ioo	Anno regni tricefimo Geokgii III. c. 45. '[179©,

tereft, and benefit arifing, or which might arife to fuch contri-butor or contributors) his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, under and by virtue of the faid aft of, in, or to any annuity or annuities, with benefit of furvivorfhip, fhall ceafe, determine, and fhall be deemed and adjudged to be merged and extinguifhed in the faid certain and abfolute term of years by this aft: granted.

The names of II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the perfons in the office of the accountant general of the governor and com^ delivered cer-6 Pany *be bank °f England for the time being, a book or books tificates at the fball be provided and kept, in which the names of every perfon bank, and the and perfons who fhall have delivered to the governor and com-fkms, to be pany certificates to be made out by the faid auditor in purfuance boo^ofwhich	a<^> an<^ t^le Pr^ncTa^ fums contained therein, fhall be

a duplicate is	entered, which book or books the faid perfons, their exe-

to be fent to cutors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns refpeftively,. and the exchequer all and every perfon and perfons who fhall continue to have an ****** intereft of and in fuch life annuity or annuities, with benefit of lurvivorfhip as aforefaid, fhall and may, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, relort to and infpeft without any fee or charge; and that the faid accountant general fhall, on or before the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one,, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books.into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to remain.

The principal III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fums of the as fcon as any perfon or perfons fhall have delivered to the faid b^carried^cT g-overnor an<^ company any certificate or certificates to be made the credit of out by the faid auditor, in purfuance of this aft, the principal the refpettive fum and fums expreffed in the certificate or certificates fo deli— perfons in the vered to the faid governor and company, fhall forthwith be, in bank which ' *be books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch remay be tranf- fpeftive perfons, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and ferred.	affigns, converting fuch annuity or annuities refpeftively; and

the perfons to' whofe credit fuch principal fums fhall be fo placed, their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and affigns, fhall and may have power to alfign and transfer the fame, or any . part, fhare, or proportion thereof, to any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatever, in the books of the fiank of England, and fuch fums fhall carry an annuity after the rate of four pounds and five fliillings per annum, in refpeft of every fum of one hundred pounds and five .fhillings, for .the certain term of fixty-nine years and one quarter of a year, from the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety,, and then to ceafe, and fhall be taken and deemed to be ftock. transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this aft. Annuities	IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

payable at the all annuities for the term of ilxty-nine years and one quarter of a free^fldf	year, by this aft granted, fhall be payable and paid, and be trans-

^axes<	ferrable at the bank of England, and that fuch perfons, and their

refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, coru.

verting

Hosted by Google

ior

1790.] Anno regni tricefmio GeorGii III, c. 45.'-

verting any fuch life annuity or annuities, with benefit of furvi-vorfhip as aforefaid, into certain annuities for the faid term of years, fhall have, receive, and enjoy, the laid annuities-of four pounds and five fhiilings by this act granted, in refpedd of every fum of one hundred pounds and five fhiilings advanced and paid in manner in the faid add directed, for the faid term of years by this add granted, and ftiajl have good and fure interefts and efiates therein, according to the feveral provifions in this add contained; and that the faid feveral annuities (hall be free from all taxes> charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

V.	And be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid, That Annuities all the faid converted annuities, after the rate of four pounds and payable out five fhiilings per annum, by this add granted and made payable, in pdate^furicT refpedd of every fum of one hundred pounds and five fhiilings fub-

fcribed and entered in the books of the bank of England\ in pur-fuance of this add, fhall from their commencement be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of the monies which fhall from time to time arife and be in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of the rates and duties compofing the confolidated fund.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral contributors towards railing the faid Where in*

- fum of one million two thoufand five hundred pounds, their exe-cutors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, who fhall have have been a had the interefd, to become due on the faid tenth day of O5lober computed one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, computed by the cafhier agreeable to or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, purfuant to the add of the laid feilion of parliament, be intitled to ahje accordU have and receive, at the receipt of the exchequer, fuch interefd ingly, ’ for all monies by them advanced and paid, at and after the rate in the faid add mentioned ; any thing herein contained to the con** trary not with Handing'-.

VII.	And be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid, That Treafury to fo much of the monies by this add appropriated as fhall be fuffi- order money cient, from time to time, to anfwer. the faid feveral and refpeddive annuities, herein diredded to be paid out of the confolidated fund, t0 iffued. fhall, by order of the commifiioners of the treafury, or any three at the ex-

, or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, chequer, 8cc, without any further or other warrant to be required, had, or obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeddive days of payment in this add appointed for payment, be ifiued and paid at the faid receipt of the exchequer to the firfi or chief cafhier or cafhiej's, for the time being, of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors for the time being, by way of impreff, and upon account, for the payment of the faid feveral and refpeddive annuities payable by virtue ; of this add; and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid money fhall from time to time be ifiued, fhall, from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the ex-

fhequq-.

VIII. A,n4

Hosted by Google

Accountant general to examine the cafhier’s accounts.

Annuities to be deemed perfonal eftate.

Books to be kept at the bank for entering transfers of an * miities, See.

VIII.	And be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid3 That the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of England, for the time being, fhall from time to time in-fpeef and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all perfons who (hall be intitled to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, {hall be poffeffed thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which fhall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwise; any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwitkftanding.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That books {hall be conftantly kept by the faid accountant general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all fums fubferibed and entered into the books of the bank of England, in refpedf of any annuity or annuities for an abfolute term of years, in purfuance of this a£t, fhall, at all feafonable times, be entered and rqgiftered; which entry fhall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and fhall be ligned by the parties making fuch alignment or transfers, or, if fuch parties be abfent, by their re-fpedlive attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorifed, in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneftes, and that the fev-eral perfons to whom fuch transfers fhall be made, fhall refpedtively underwrite their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of aftigning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fliall be good or available in law.

X.	Provided always. That all perfons poflefled of any {hare or intereft in the faid ftock of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may bequeath the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefies, bat that no payment fhall be made upon any fuch bequeft until fo much of the faid wilL as relates to fuch fhare, eftate, or intereft in the faid ftock of annuities, be entered in the faid office; and that in default of fuch transfer or de-vife, fuch fhare, eftate, cr intereft in the faid ftock of annuities, fhall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns; Transfers not and that no ftamp duties ’whatever fhall be charged on any of the faid transfers; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid converted annuities, after the rate of four pounds and five fhillmgsper annum, to continue for a certain term of fixty-nine years and one quarter of a year from the tenth day of Oftober one, tfioufand feven hundred and ninety, and then to ceafe, to which any perfon or perfons,‘'bodies politick and corporate, fhall be in-titled by virtue of this adlfin refpeeft of every lum of one hundred pounds and five {hillings fubferibed and entered into the books of the bank of England, in purfuance of this a<ft, fhall, from and after the'faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, be added to and made one joint ftock with certain annuities which, by two a6fs made in the firft and fecond years of the reign of his prefect Majefty, were granted and made payable at "	’•	■	•	;	’	the

Annuities may be bequeathed by "Will, &Cp

chargeable with ftamps. Annuities, from C£t. io, 1790,to be added to the joint ftock of annuities granted by two a<fts of the 1 ft and ad years of 'fieo.3,

Hosted by

Google

ijgo.]* Anno regni tricefimo GeoRGII III. c. 45.	163

the bank of England,, for the refpeftive terms of ninety-nine years, and ninety-eight years, from the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two, and then to ceafe; and which faid refpeftive annuities were, together with fun dry other annuities, confolidated and made one joint flock of annuities by feverai afts of parliament made in the fourth, twentieth, twenty-fecond, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his ptefent Majefty, and to be paid, payable, and transferrable, at the fame time and times, and in like manner, with the faid annuities granted by the faid afts; and fo much money (hall, from time to time, continue to be fet apart and iflued at the receipt of the exchequer, to the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, as fhall be fufficient to fatisfy and pay the annuities hereby granted, to continue for a certain term of fixty-nine years and one quarter of a year, from the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, and then to ceafe, together with the charges attending the fame, out of the confolidated fund 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Immediately the faid auditor of the receipt of the exchequer fhall, on or im- a^ter Sept. 20, mediately after the twentieth day of September one thoufand feven the exche* hundred and ninety, certify to the commiffioners of his Majefly’s qUer t0 cer-treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, the number tify to the of certificates which fhall be filed as aforefaid in the office of the treafury the faid auditor, indorfed in the manner herein direfted; and alfo the ^rbficates number of fuch ffiares of and in the life annuities, with benefit fned. See. and of furvivorfhip, which fhall have been converted into annuities for the treafury fuch terms of years asaforefaid depending thereon; and the faid may,for every commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or /ertifi-the lord high treafurer for the time being refpeftively, fhall and cates, name may for and in refpeft of each and every fuch fum of one hun- the life of dred pounds and five fhillings, contained in fuch certificates, be f°me perfoq, at liberty to name, in the manner herein directed, the life of fome one perfon, at any time or times on or before the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred aqd ninety, in the manner herein-after direfted; during which life and lives refpeftively, to be appointed as aforefaid, there fhall be referved at the faid receipt of exchequer, to the ufe of the publick, at the refpeftive days of payment in the faid aft mentioned, fuch and the like annuity and annuities refpeftively, with the like benefit of furvivorfhip in clafies, as any contributor or contributors in the fame clafies re-> fpeftively would be intitled unto by the faid aft in refpeft of an equal number of fhares thereof, and which annuity or annuities fo referved at the faid receipt, to the ufe of the publick, fhall from time to time, as they refpeftively grow due and arife, be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund, towards fatisfying and replacing the annuities at and after the rate of four pounds and five fhillings granted under this aft, and charged thereon as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, *preafur t ^hat faid commiflioners of the treafury fhall, and they are their°

H 4	hereby	nominee^

Hosted by Google

iP4	Anno	regni	tricefimo	Georgii	III.	c.	4^.	[1790.

from the orders of perrons herein fipecifiedo

Treafyry to ddiver to the exchequer a copy of the regifter of the birth of nominees, and ctrtihr cates of their names, &c*

hereby required, out of the feveral degrees, orders, or focieties of perfons herein-after mentioned, to feledf, in the manner herein djredted, fuch and fo many nominees as fhall be neceflary to carry into execution this prefent adf; (that is to fay) Such perfons re-fpedtively as are or fhall be peers of Great Britain, or of Ireland\ or the children pr grand children of fuch peers refpedfively; orarp or fhall be baronets of England or Scotland refpeefively, or lords of manors in England or Wales, or perfons w]io are named in the commifiion of the peace for any county or riding in England or Wales, or their children; or are or fhall be fpiritual perfons, re-fpedlively promoted to any bifhoprick, deanry, archdeaconry, prebend, or other dignity in any cathedral, or other church, or benefited with any parforiage, vicarage, or donative in England, or a fiellowftiip in any college or hall of either of the univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge; or are or fhall be for the tjrqe being governors of the hofpital of the Charter Houfe, in the county of Middle-* JeXj or governors and guardians of the hofpital for the maintenance and education of expofed and deferted young children, commonly, called The Foundling Hofpitaf or the prefident, treafurer, or go-yernors of the hofpital commonly called ChrifJs ffcfpital; or fucfi; perfons refpedlively who are or fhall be duly regiftered in the books of The Amicable Society for Infurance on Lives in Serjeanf s Inn^ Fleet Street, and whofe names, places of abode, and ages respectively, fhall be fully fet forth in fuch regifter; and all and every fuch perfon and perfons refpedlively, who fhall be appointed nominees by the faid commifiioners of the treafury, or any three of them, at any time or times on or before the tenth day of Ottobey one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, out of the orders, degrees, or focieties of perfons above mentioned, or any of them, fhall bp deemed and adjudged to be nominees, during whofe lives refpec-ti vely there fhall be referved, for the ufe of the publiok, at the laid receipt of the exchequer, annuities to be attended with benefit of furvivoifhip at and after the refpective rates, and at the times in the faid a£t mentioned, as fully and efFe&ually as if fuch nominees had been appointed under and by virtue of the faid former a<9a ■ XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That before fuch nominees, or any of them, (hall be entered in the book of the faid auditor, the faid commif-'Tioners of the treafury, or fome perfon or perfons to be by theqi appointed under this a6t, fhall deliver to the faid auditor a true copy of the regifter of the birth or. baptifm of every fuch. nominee, and alfo a certificate of the fame, under the hands of the minifter of the parifh or place where fuch regifter (hair be kept, or of tfie churchwarden or overfeers, or other principal inhabitants of fuch parifh or place, or any two of them, thereby certifying the fame to be a true copy of fuch regifter; and alfo a certificate under*the hands of the minifter of the.parifh or place where luch nominee fhall refide, or of the churchwardens or overfeers^ or other principal inhabitants of fuch pari In or place, or any three or more of them, thereby certifying the name, furname, and place of abode, qf fuch nominee; and in cafe any fuch nominee £h^ll beregift^npd ‘	ill

Hosted by Google

* 79^*1 Anno regni tricefirno Georgii III. c. 4£.

in the books of the faid amicable fociety, then .the faid commif-fipners of the treafury, or the perfon or perfons aforefaid, fhall alfo deliver to the faid auditor a certificate, under the hands of two or more of the dire&ors or governors of the faid fociety or company, thereby certifying the name, furname, place of abode, and age of every fuch nominee, together with fuch other apt defcriptions to afcertain the perfon of every fuch nominee as may appear in the books of the faid fociety or company; and which copies and cer- Copies of re-tificates aforefaid the refpeCtive minifters, officers, directors, or gifters, &c. to governors, or other perfons aforefaid, are hereby refpeCtively re-quired aqd enjoined, upon application in writing, to deliver to the from the trea-faid commifjioners of the treafury, or to the perfon or perfons to fury, bp appointed by them, at fuch times refpeCtively as the faid com-miffioners of the treafury, or any three of them, fhall direct ; and Appointment any appointment in writing, under the hands and feals of the faid of nominees eommifiioners of the treafury, or any three of them for the time	^

being, of any fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, duly certified in to be fuffidenfc rjnanner herein mentioned, to be a nominee or nominees by virtue warrant for of this aCt, fhall be a fufficient warrant to the proper officers in admitting the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, and alfo in the office "of the clerk of the pells feverally, for admitting every fuch perfon * ' to be a nominee in the proper clafs of nominees according to the directions of the faid aCf, and for entering the name, furname,' place of abode, aftd age of every fuch perfon as a nominee in the book and books to be kept for that purpofe, according to the directions of the faid a<3; and the faid auditor is hereby required to enter the fame accordingly, and alfo the particular clafs in which each fuch'nominee ought to be placed by virtue of the faid aCt, and the annuities to be referved for the ufe of the publick in re-fpeCt of fuch nominees reflectively, according to the true intent and rpeaning of this aft.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid eommifiioners of the treafury for the time being, Treafury to £>r fome perfon or perfons to be appointed by them under the au- tranfmit half-thority of this aft, fhall half-yearly, during the continuance of any of^^lnees Jife or lives fo nominated and appointed as aforefaid, tranfmit to to the places the feveral parifhes and places in Great Britain, where any fuch where theyr^-nominee or nominees fhall refide, a lift of all the nominees ap- fpeftively re-pointed under this a<3: refiding in fuch parifh or place; and alfo to the direClors or governors of the faid fociety a lift of all fuch no-piinees regiftered in the books of the faid fociety; and the re- Minifters, &c„ fpeftive minifters, officers, or other perfons aforefaid, of the re-|peftive parities and places to which fuch lifts fhall be tranfmitted, tranfmitted and the directors or governors of the faid fociety refpeftively, fhall, to return to half-yearly, (that is to fay) Before the fifth day of Aprils and the the trealury tenth day of Oftober9 in each year, on fuch days and times refpec- the^ive^of -tively as the faid comrrfiffioiners of the treafury, or any three of t^e nominees them, fhall direCt, return to the faid eommifiioners of the treafury, then exifting, pr the perfon or perfons to be appointed by them as aforefaid, a certificate, under the hands of fuch minifters, officers, or other pejTons, or of any two of them, or under the h^nds of fuch direc-

'	'	'	tors^

Hosted by

Google

Exchequer to fet apart, for the ufe of the publick, the half-yearly payments on the lives of nominees fo certified.

If nominees be in the army a certificate of the commanding officer, if in the navy of the admiralty, and if at the univerfity,&c,

io6	Anno regni tricefirno GEORGil III. c. 45. [179a"

tors, or any two of them refpeftively, thereby certifying the lives of all and every the nominees appointed by the faid commiffioners of the treafury which fhall then fubfift; and alfo the deaths of fuch ■ nominees which (hall have come to their knowledge refpeftively, or of the removal of fuch nominees, or any of them, from fuch parifh or place, as the cafe may require; and the certificates certifying the lives of the faid nominees, being filed at the office of the auditor of the faid exchequer, fhall be a fufficient warrant for fetting apart and referving at the faid receipt, to the ufe of the publick, the half-yearly payments which fhall arife or grow due, or fhall have arifen and grown due, in refpeft of the faid 110^ minees fo certified, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and which certificates fhall not be chargeable with any ftamp duty.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if at the time when any half-yearly payment fhall become due, any fuch nominee or nominees appointed by the faid commiflioners of the treafury fhall be in th-e fervice of hiS Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, in his Majefty’s land forces, or navy, it fhall and may be lawful to produce to the faid auditor, for the purpofes aforefaid, a certificate of the lives or deaths of fuch nominees, under the hands of the refpeftive officers commanding , the regiments or corps, where fuch nominees fhall ferve or have of the mafter, ferved, or under the hands of two or more of the commiffioners of &c. to be fuf- the admiralty or navy for the time being, as the cafe may require ;

and in cafe any fuch nominee or nominees fhall be refident at either of'the faid univerfities, or at any fchool, or other feminary of learning, then, and in fuch cafe, it fhall be lawful to produce the like certificate, under the hand of the principal reftor, warden, or mafter of the college, hall, fchool, or other feminary aforefaid, in which fuch nominees fhall be refpeftively refident; which certificates being filed with the faid auditor, fhall be likewife a fufficient warrant for fetting apart and referving at the faid receipt of exchequer the faid half-yearly payments, in refpeft of fuch nominees, in the manner and to the ufes herein-before direfted.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid auditor of the receipt of the exchequer fhall, on or immediately after the twentieth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, certify to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, the number of perfons which fhall have been then appointed to be nominees under the faid aft, and the names of fuch nominees refpeftively, and the particular clafies in which the faid nominees . are to be or fhall be placed, and the whole number of fhares depending upon the live9 of all the nominees appointed within each clals refpeftively; and the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, fhall, and they are hereby required, in the appointment of nominees on the part of the publick, as herein-before direfted, to diftribute the number of nominees, and of fhares depending on the lives of fuch nominees, among the feveral claffes of the tontine, in the fame proportion

W

ficient.

Immediately after Sept.

20, 1790, auditor to certify to the treafury, the number of perfons who fhall have been appointed nominees, &c.	-

Treafury to diftribute their nominees in the feverai clafies in proportion

Hosted by Google

179°-] Anno regni tricefirno GeoRGII III. c. 45;	107

in which the number of nominees appointed by the feveral con-? to the nomi-tributors, and the number of {hares depending on the lives of fuch nees of the nominees, fhall appear, by the certificate of the auditor herein- contributor, before required, to have been diftributed among the faid claffes refpeftively.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That the names of all perfons of any of the defcriptions herein- Names of per-before enumerated, whofe refpeftive ages and places of abode f°ns whofe {hall be afcertained by the comrniffioners of the treafury, or the ^Ube^afcer-lord high treafurer for the time being, at any time on or before tainedbySept. the twentieth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and 20, 1790, to ninety, fhall be diftributed according to the refpeftive ages of fuch be diftributed perfons into fix claffes, correfponding to the feveral claffes direfted f"s° written" by the faid aft of the laft feffion of parliament, and written or on diftindt printed on diftinft pieces of paper, being all as near as may be of pieces of pa-equal fize, and rolled up in the fame manner; and fhall, on fome Per> put into day between the faid twentieth day of September and the tenth day ^nd drawn of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, to be appointed out afuf^. by the faid comrniffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of cient number them, nr by the lord high treafurer for the time being, (whereof he drawn to notice (hail be given in the London Gazette), be put into fix boxes, ^ up_^e according to the fix feveral claffes in which the fame {hall have of nominees been diftributed, and being there fhaken together {hall, in the pre- appointed on fence of the faid comrniffioners of the treafury, or three of them the part of at the leaft, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, and alfo the publick, the deputy governor of the bank of England, be publickly drawn out of the faid fix boxes in their order, beginning with the firft clafs, and fo fhall continue until a fufficient number of names in each clafs {hall be drawn out of the faid boxes, to fill up the proportion of nominees to be appointed on the part of the publick in each fuch clafs, according to the provifions of this aft; and which names fo drawn fhall in fuch claffes be prefently entered into a book or books to be provided for that purpofe, and the perfons whofe names fhall be fo drawn, and none other, fhall be appointed and duly certified to the faid auditor of the faid receipt of the exchequer as the nominees nominated on the part of the publick in puri'uance of this a 61; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall not be lawful for the faid commif- None but re* iioners of the treafury to nominate or appoint any perfon to be a ^reatBri-nominee for the publick, by virtue of this aft, other than a native ta^n to no-of and refident in Great Britain at the time of fuch nomination; mineesforthc any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. publick,

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Auditor, in in the account to be made up half-yearly in the office of the faid the half-yearly auditor of the deaths of nominees that are come to the knowledge death^&c^to of the faid auditor, and of the: perfons who have made default in keep diftinft: their annuities, as by the faid aft is direeled, and alfo, in the lift the nominees or fchedule to be publifhed yearly in purfuance of the faid aft, the appointed by laid auditor fhall fet downdiftindtl^ and in different columns^ the ^£0-

*	names	nftnee3 ap-

Hosted by Google

IO§

pointed by the contributors, &c. ‘

Out of the confolidated fund,the treafury to difcharge all expences attending the execution of this ad.

No fee to be taken for converting life annuities into annuities for a term of years, on penalty of aol.

Perfons forging or altering certificates, &c. guilty of felony.

^nno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 45.' [1790/.

names and ages of fuch nominnes as were or lhall* be appointed by the faid commiffioners of the treafury in purfuance of this aft, and the names and ages of fuch other nominees as were appointed by the feveral contributors aforefaid in purfuance of the faid former aft; and alfo fhall fet down and diftinguifh therein the different annuities payable to the feveral contributors aforefaid in purfuance of the faid aft, and the annuities to be referved at the faid receipt for or in refpeftof fuch nominees who fhall be living, which were or fhall be appointed by the faid commiffioners of the treafury, and alfo the amount of the faid refpeftive annuities payable to the faid contributors, or to be referved as aforefaid.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That out of any monies compofing the fund called The Confolidated Fund\ the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, fhall have power to difcharge all fuch incident charges as fhall necef-farily attend the execution of this aft, in fuch manner as to them or him fhall feem meet, juft and reafonable; and alfo fhall have power to make, out of the faid confolidated fund, fuch allowances as fhall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this aft, and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid accountant general for performing the trufls hereby repofed in him; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refpeft of the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit pf the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever fhall be demanded or taken of any of his Ma-jefty’s fubjefts, for converting the intereft of any perfon or perfons of or to any life annuities, or any of them, into certain interefts for terms of years in purfuance of this aft, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fum to be made in purfuance of this aft, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts, at Wtfminjhr, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager at law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully aft or affift in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any indorfement or writing on the back of any certificate or certificates, made out as is herein-before mentioned by the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, or any receipt or receipts to be given, or any certificate or certificates to be made out by the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in .purfuance

Hosted by Goog

179°*3 Anno regni tricefimo Georgix III. c. 45.	109

faaace of this aft; or (hall wilfully deliver to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, any fuch forged,' counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, or any body or bodies politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whomfoever; or fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully aft and aflift in forging and counterfeiting any letter of attorney, or other authority or inftrument to transfer or aflign any principal fum or fums placed to the credit of any perfon or perfons whomfoever in the books of the bank of England^ as herein-before mentioned, or any part of fuch fum or fums, or to receive any fuch annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends as aforefaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them; or fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully aft and aflift in forging or counterfeiting the name or names of any of the proprietors of any of the faid principal fums, annuities, or dividends, or any part thereof, or of any of them, in or to any fuch pretended alignment or alignments, inftrument or authority, or fhall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have any fuch principal fum or fums, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or any fuch annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, by virtue of any fuch counterfeit or forged letter of attorney, authority, or inftrument, or fliall falfely and deceitfully per-fonate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any of fuch principal fums as aforefaid, or of any part thereof, or of any fuch annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends as aforefaid, or of any part thereof, and thereby aflign or transfer, or endeavour to aftagri or transfer, the faid principal fums, or any of them, pr any part thereof, or of any of them, or thereby receive, or endeavour to receive, the faid annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, or any of them,, or any part thereof, or of any of them, with intent to deceive and defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any body or bodies politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever; or if any perfon or perfons fhall with the like intent forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully aft or alfxft in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any regifter or regifters of the birth of any perfon or perfons to be appointed a nominee or nominees in purfuance of this aft, or any certificate or certificated to be given in purfuance of this aft; then, and in every or any fuch cafe, all and every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons fhall be fued, molefted, or profe-

cuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this aft,

fuch perfon or perfons fhall and may plead the general iffue, and General iffotv

give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence in his, her, or their

<£efenee or defences; and if a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant

or

Hosted by Google

no Anno regni tricefimo GeorgIi III. c. 46, 47.	[1790,

or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs {hall difcontinue his, her, or their a£Hon or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or other-Treblecofls, wife, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVI.

An adt for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity for the ufe of the heirs and defendants of William Penn efquire, the original proprietor of the province of Pennfylvania, in conlideration of the meritorious fervices of the faid William Penn, and of the Ioffes which his family have fuftained in confequence of the unhappy difientions in America..

Tetters patent of King Charles a. to Wm. Penn efq; of the province or Hate of Pennfylvania. By ad of the ftate of Pennfylvania, Nov. 27, 1779, 130,000!. to be paid to the devifees and legatees of Tho. Penn and Rich. Penn, efqrs. then late proprietors of Pennfylvania, and to the widow of the faid Tho. Penn. For the meritorious fervices of the faid Wm. Penn, an annuity of 4,000!. to be iffued quarterly out of the confolidated fund to William Baker and Andrew Allen, efqrs. in trull for John Penn of Stoke Pogis, and John Penn of Wimpole Street, efqrs.; to commence Jan. 5, 1790. Treafury by warrant to dired the auditor of the exchequer to make forth and pafs debentures for the faid annuity, without any fees. Such warrant not to be determinable on the demife of his Majefty, &c. Officers of the treafury and exchequer to do all necefiary ads without fee. The truftees to convey with all convenient fpeed the laid annuity to melTrs. Penn in the proportions herein mentioned, &c. viz. 3,000!. to John Penn of Stoke Pogis, and i,oool. to John Penn of Wimpole Street; and in the *	mean time to receive the annuity, and pay the fame to the proper parties.

Receipt of the truftees, &c. to be a fufficient difcharge for the annuity, which is to be paid free of all taxes, &c. Annuity to be confidered as real property ilfuing out of lands in Middlesex, &c. Conveyance of the annuity to be enrolled in chancery, and entered with the auditor of the exchequer. Publick ad. Truftees to be anfwerable for their own ads only, and may reimburfe themfelves their necefiary expences.

C A P. XLVII.

- An aft for enabling his Majeffy to authorife his governor or lieutenant governor of fuch places beyond the feas, to vjhich felons or other of-fenders may be tranfported, to remit the fentences of fuch offenders.

Preamble. ^TZHEREAS by fever al orders made by his Majefty, by and V V with the advice of his privy council in purfuance of authority given to his Majefty in that behalf by an aft pa fed in the twraty~ 34Geofourth year of his Majeffs reign, (intituled, An a£t for the effe&ual tranfportation of felons and other offenders; and to authorife the removal of prifoners in certain cafes, and for other purpofes therein mentioned); his Majefy hath declared and appointed., by and with the advice aforefaid., "That the ecftern coajl of New South Wales, and the ifands thereunto adjacent, Jhould be the place or places beyond fea to which certain felons, and other offenders, fliould be conveyed and tranfported: and whereas fever al felons and other offenders have, in purfuance of the faid aft, been conveyed and tranfported to the eajlern coajl of New South Wales, or the ifands thereunto adjacent, there to remain during the terms or times for which they were fo refpeftively fenUuced to be tranfported by the courts in which they were convifted:

Hosted by Google

tygo.] Anno regni tricefimo GeorgIi III. c. 4$.	iii

and whereas his Majefly, by and with the advice of his privy council, may hereafter declare and appoint the place or places aforefaid, or fome other place or places beyond fea, to be the place or places to which Other felons and offenders Jhall hereafter be conveyed and tranfported; and fuch felons and offenders may be fo tranfported accordingly: and whereas it would greatly advance the defegn of fuch fcntences, fo carried into execution as aforefaid, or which may hereafter be paffed and carried into execution, that the governor, or (in cafe of his death or abfence) the lieutenant governor for the time being of fuch the place or places as aforefaid^ Jhould havepozver and authority to remit or fhorten the time or term for which fuch felons and offenders as aforefaid have been or Jhall hereafter be tranfportedy in cafes where it Jhall appear that fuch felonSy or other offenders, are proper objects of the royal ynercy \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it {hall be lawful for his Majefty, his His Majefty* heirs and fuccefTors, at all times, by his or their commiffion under under the the great feal of Great Britain, to authorife and impower the go- ^av authorife vernor, or the lieutenant governor for the time being, of fuch the governor* place or places as aforefaid, or of any of them, by an inftrument or lieutenant in writing, under the feal of the government in which the place governor of or places as aforefaid are or {hall be fituated, to remit, either ab- wdeiT&cto folutely or conditionally, the whole or any part of the time or remit the fen-term for which any fuch felons, or other offenders aforefaid, {hall tences of of-have been or {hall hereafter be refpe&ively conveyed and tranf- fenders, ported to fuch place or places as aforefaid; and that ftich inftru-* ment or inftruments {hall have the like force and effect, to all intents and purpofes, as if his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, had in fuch cafes refpedfively fignified his or their royal intention of tnercy under his or their fign manual.

II.	And be it further enacted, That fuch governor or lieute- Duplicates of nant governor as aforefaid {hall, by the firft opportunity, tranfmit inftruments to one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, a duplicate, tence^to^te* under the feal of the government, of each and every inftrument transmitted to as aforefaid by which the time or term of tranfportation of any the fecretary fuch felons, or other offenders as aforefaid, hath been remitted or of ftate, &c. (hortened; and that the names of fuch felons, and other offenders refpe&ively, which {hall be contained in fuch duplicates as aforefaid, (hall be inferted in the next general pardon which {hall pafs under the great feal of Great Britain, after the receipt of fuch duplicate or duplicates by one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate.

CAP. XLYIII.

An aft for dfcontinuing the judgement which has been required by law to he given againfl women convifted of certain crimes, and fubjlu tuting another judgement in lieu thereof

WHEREAS it is expedient that the judgement which has been Preamble. required by law to be given and awarded againfl any woman

or

Hosted by Google

from June 5, 1790, women convicted of high treafon, &c. to be hanged.

Women convicted of petit treafon, &c. to be liable to the fame pu-nilhment as perfons convicted of wilful murder,

112	Anno	regni	tricefirrio Georgii III. 0:48. [179W

or women in the cafes of high treafon, or of petit treafon, jhould be no longer continued: be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, the judgement to be given and awarded againft any woman or women convicted of the crime of high treafon, or of the crime of petit treafon, or of abetting, procuring, or counfelling any petit trea- . fon, fhall not be, that fuch woman or women fhall be feverally drawn to the place of execution, and be there burned to death; but that fuch woman or women, being fo convidled as aforefaid^ fhall be feverally drawn to the place of execution, and be there hanged by tbe neck until fhe or they be feverally dead; any lav; or ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if any woman or women fhall be convidled of the crime of petit treafon, or of abetting, procuring, or counfelling any petit treafon, then and in every fuch cafe, fuch woman or women fhall b£ fubjedl and liable to fuch further pains and penalties as are particularly fpecified and declared with refpedl to perfons convidled of wilful murder, in an adf palled in the twenty-fifth year of the as fpecified?in reign of King George the Second, (intituled. An att for better p?e± adta5 Geo. venting the horrid crime of murder)\ and the court before whooV c* 37-	any fuch woman or women fhall be convidled, fhall pafs fentenee

at fuch time, and fhall give fuch orders with refpedl to the tim’e of execution, the difpofal of the convidl’s body after execution,' and all fuch other matters and things as are diredted to be given by the faid adl, with refpedl to perfons convidled of wilful murder. If, on June 5, III. And be it further enadled, That if, on the fifth day of June «79°, any w°- one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, any woman or women, ?mier fen- & having been convidled of the crime of high treafon, or of the tence to be crime of petit treafon, fhall have had judgement to be burned to burnt, his death, the execution of which fentenee fhall then remain to be Majcfty may jone> it fhall an(1 may be lawful for his Majefty* if he fhall think be hanged10 proper, by warrant under the hand of one of his Majefty’s prin-& * c.ipal fecretaries of ftate, to alter fuch fentenee, and to order, in-ftead thereof, that fuch woman or women fo attainted as aforefaid fhall, in execution of fuch judgement, be hanged by the neck un- -til file or they fhall be feverally dead; any law to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid^ That whenever any woman or women fhall be convidled of the crime of high treafon, or of the crime of petit treafon, or of abetting, procuring, or counfeliing any petit treafon, and judgement fhall be given thereon according to the directions of this adl, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch woman or womep, being fo attainted of fuch crimes refpedlively, fhall be fubjedl and liable to fuch and the like forfeitures, and corruption of blood, as they feverally would have been in cafe they had been feverally attainted of the like crimes before the paffing of this adl. .

' CAP,

Women convicted of high treafon, to be liable to the like forfeitures, &c. as heretofore.

Hosted by Google

l'79°*] Anno regni tricefimo Georgn III. c* 49.	113

CAP. XLIX.

An aCt to inipoweY juflices^ and other perj<'onr,	vifit parijh workhoufes

or poorhoufes^ and examine and certify the flate and condition of the poor therein to the quarter feffions.

WHEREAS the laws now in being for the regulating parijh Preamble;

workhoufes or poorhoufes have' been found in certain infiances deficient and ineffectual, efpecially when the poor in Juch houfes are afflicted zvith Contagious or infectious difeafes, in which cafes particular attention to their lodgings diet, cloathing, beddings and medicines, is re-quifite\ be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty- From Sept, ninth day of September one thouland feven hundred and ninety, it 49» I79°? ju^* fhall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majefly’s juflices of the peace, or any phyfician, furgeon, or apothecary, for that houfes, and purpofe authorifed by warrant under the hand and feal of any fuch certify the juflice or juflices, or for the officiating clergyman of the parifh ftate of the or place, duly authorifed, as aforefaid, at all times, in the day next auarter time^ to vifit any parifh workhoufe, or houfe kept or provided for feffions, &c. the maintenance of the poor of any parifh or place, within the county, riding, liberty, or divifion, wherein fuch juflice or juflices fhal! be refident and fhall have jurifdidtion, to examine into the flate and condition of the poor people therein, and the food, cloathing, and bedding of fuch poor people, and the flate and condition of fuch houfe or houfes; and if upon any fuch vifitation the faid juf-tice or juflices, or perfons duly authorifed as aforefaid, fhall find any caufe or occafion of complaint, that then and in fuch cafe fuch juflice or juflices, or perfons duly authorifed as aforefaid, fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered, if he or they ihall think fit, to certify the flate and condition of fuch workhoufe or poorhoufe, and the flate of the poor therein, and of their food, cloathing, and bedding, to the next quarter feffions of the peace to be held for fuch county, riding, liberty, or divifion, wherein fuch workhoufe or poorhoufe fhall be lituate, under his or their hands and feals refpedliveiy; and fuch juflice or juflices, or other perfons duly authorifed as aforefaid, ihall caufe the overfeers of the poor, or mafler or governor of the faid workhoufe or poorhoufe of fuch parifh or place, to be fummoned to appear at the fame feffions, to anfwer fuch complaint; and the juflices affembled Juflices at the at fuch quarter feffions, on hearing the parties on any fuch com- quarter plaint, fhall and may, and they are hereby authorifed to make n^ove^aiUVs fuch orders and regulations, for the removing of any caufe of of complaint, complaint contained in fuch certificate as aforefifid, as to them fhall feem meet; and all the parties concerned fhall, and they are hereby required to abide by and perform fuch orders and regulations as fhall be fo made by the juflices at the faid feffions.

IL Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in cale any juflice or juflices of the peace, or per- If in fuch vi-VoL, XXXVII.	I	fans	fitation any

Hosted by Google

114

of the poor fliould he found affiided with contagious th'feafes, Sic. application to be made to the juftices of the division, who are to give order for immediate relief, &c.

Expences of relief to be paid out of the poor’s rate.

Not to extend to workhoufes regulated by act of parliament.

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 50.	[1790.

fons duly authorifed by warrant as aforefaid, {hall, upon any fuch vifitation, find any of the poor in any parifh workhoufe or poor-houfe affii&ed with any contagious or infectious difeafe, or in want of immediate medical or other affiftance, or of fufficient and proper food, or requiring reparation or removal from the other poor in the faid houfe, then and in fuch cafe or cafes, if fuch vilitation fhall be made by a juftice of the peace, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice, and he is hereby directed and required to apply to one or more other juftice or juftices of the peace, in the county, riding, liberty, or divifion, and certify to him or them the ftate and condition of the poor in fuch parifh workhoufe or poorhoufe; or if fuch vifitation fhall be made by the perfons duly authorifed as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe or cafes it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfons, and they are hereby directed and required to apply to two or more juftices of the peace in fuch county, riding, liberty, or divifion; and thereupon the faid juftices fhall and may, and they are hereby authorifed to make fuch order for the immediate procuring medical or other affiftance, or of fufficient and proper food, or for the reparation or removal of fuch poor as fhall be affliCted with any contagious or infectious difeafe, in fuch manner as they the faid juftices, under their hands and feals, fhall think proper to direCt, until the next quarter feffi-ons of the peace to be held in and for the faid county, riding, liberty, or divifion, wherein fuch workhoufe or poorhoufe fhall be fituate; at which quarter feffions of the peace the faid two juftices are to certify the fame, under their hands and feals refpeCtively, to the juftices aftembled at fuch quarter feffions, who are hereby authorifed and required to make fuch order for the further relief of the poor in fuch parifh workhoufe or poorhoufe, as to the juftices aftembled at fuch quarter feffions fhall feem meet and proper; and the charges and expences of relieving fuch poor fhall be, and is hereby directed to be paid out of the poor’s rate of fuch parifh, in fuch manner as the faid juftices aftfembled at fuch quarter feffions fhall direCti

III.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to any poorhoufe or workhoufe in any diftriCt or diftriCls which have been, or may be hereafter incorporated or regulated by any fpecial a£t or adts of parliament.

C A P. L.

An ad to continue and amend an ad, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for appointing com-miffioners to enquire into the ftate and condition of the woods, forefts, and land revenues belonging to the crown; and to fell or alienate fee farm, and other unimproveable rents.

a6 Geo. 3. c. 87, recited. Sir Charles Middleton baronet, John Call and John Fordyce, efqrs. commifTioners appointed, who are to be fworn. The fale of rents, where compofition has not been made with the owners, Sec. not to bar his Majefty’s right to rents or arrears prior to fuch fale. Where the confideration money to be paid for rents, by the owners of land out of which they iffiie, (hall not exceed 101, the conveyance may be on the fame ftamp as the receipt for the confideration money. Powers of ad *6 Geo, 3. c. 87, except hereby altered, to continue in full force* Trea-

Hosted by Google

179°-] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 51, 52.	115

fury may order a,oool. to be iffued to the commiffioners. His Majefty may appoint commiffioners to fupply the place of thofe who may decline to aft, or die. Commiffioners not difqualified from fitting in parliament.

Continuance of this aft to the end of the next feffion of parliament.

CAP. LI.

An aft for diverting out of the crown the reverfion in fee of and in certain hereditaments, heretofore the eftate of fir Roger Strickland knight, de-ceafed, in Catterick and Tunftall, in the county of York; and for verting the fame in the fevcral perfons entitled to the faid hereditaments; and for extinguifhing and dertroying a certain term of one hundred years, for which the faid hereditaments were limited in truft for his late majefty King George the Firft, his heirs and fucceflbrs.

Mary Brathwait, by will dated Feb. 1680, devifed her eftates in Catterick * to fir Roger Strickland. Indenture, dated March 24, 1681. Sir Roger Strickland attainted of high treafon in 1689, and died about 1717, without iffue, by which event his nephew Roger Strickland came into poffeffion of the faid eftates. Indenture dated July 9, 1718. Roger Strickland and his brothers levy a fine in Hilary term, 1725. Roger Strickland died about 1753, and his eldeft fon Roger became Entitled to the faid eftates, See,

Agreement for fale of part of the eftate to the earl of Carlifle. Indenture dated Dec. 19, 1760. Roger Strickland died Dec. 33, 1760, without iflue, his brother Robert died 1778, and his brother Simon in 1782, both unmarried, &c. Succeflors in the eftate to Simon Strickland. Indentures ofleafe and releafe dated Feb. the 20 and 21, 1783. Recovery buffered in Trinity term, 24 Geo. 3. Indentures of leafe and releafe June 4 and 5,

1784. Recovery buffered in Michaelmas term, 28 Geo. 3. Indentures of leafe and releafe, June 26 and 27, 1787. Death of Mannock Strickland.

Opinion of counfel, that on failure of iffue male of the firft-named Robert Strickland, the crown will become intitled to the poffeffion of the premifes.

His Majefty has contented to an aft: to divert: the crown of the faid right.

The reverfion of the eftate devifed by Mary Brathwait, expeftant on the failure of iffue male of Robert Strickland, to be diverted out of the crown, and from the parting of this aft vefted in the perfons herein named, foi the purpofes herein fpecified. Tunftall Farm vefted fin fir John Lawfon, in truft under the deeds of fettlement. Three fixth parts of the premifes comprized in the indenture June 5, 1784, to the fame ules, on the lame trufts. The other three fixth part9 contained in the indenture of June 26,

1787, to the ufe of Simon Scroope left. Simon Scroope jun. and Miles Stapleton, on the fame trufts therein expreffed. Term of 100 years af-figned by Nevill Ridley to John Harding extinguiftied. General laving.

CAP. LIT.

An aft for improving, continuing, and extending the navigation of the river Oufe, from Lewes Bridge, at the town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, ' in the parifh of Cuckfield, and to the extent of the faid parifn of Cuck-field, and alfo of a branch of the faid river, to Shortbridge, in the parifh of Fletching, in the county of Suflex.

Incorporation of a companyof proprietors. Their names. The company of proprietors of the river Oufe navigation incorporated. Powers of the company of proprietors. To improve the navigation of the river Oufe, from Lewes. Bridge, in the town of Lewes, in the county of Suflex, through or near the feveral parifhes of All Saints, St. John's under the caftle, St.

Thomas in the cliffe, Southmailing, Hamfey, Ringmer, and Barcombe, to Barcombe Mill, and to make a navigable cut from the faid river through the fewer belonging to fir John Bridger, where timber is now navigated, to Offham chalk hills, in the faid parifh of Hamfey; and to extend the fame from Barcombe, the parifhes of Barcombe, Ringmer, Isfield, Newick,

Fletching, Chailey, Horfted, Keynes, Linfield, Ardingly, and Cuckfield, to Hammer Bridge, See. To appoint workmen and officers for that pur-pofe, To alter the prefent banks of the river; and to make trenches, &c.

I %	through

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 52.	[1790*

through the adjoining lands; to make bridges, locks, &c. To alter ways and; palTagcs; to convey materials; and manufacture the fame; to alter bridges; and dig chalk, Sec. from adjacent grounds; to make towing paths. No cut to be made through Mr. Newton’s farm without his confent. No works to be made below Barcombe Mill, to reduce the fall of water under nine feet fix inches in depth. Locks, Sec. near Barcombe Mill to be of Hone. Compenfation to be given for any cut or canal already made. No lock, Sec. to be made between Mighell’s New Cut and thirty yards below Hamfey Sewer. Proprietors impowered to purebafe lands, and incapacitated perfons to treat. Proprietors to adjuft the proportion? of damages to the tenants, &c. Conveyances to be inrolled by the clerk of the peace* and true copies to be evidence. Upon refufal to treat, fheriff or coroner to impannel and return a jury to appear before the proprietors at the time and place appointed by their warrants. Penalty on not returning a jury, a-ol. lfiues to be returned on jurors not appearing. If a fufficient number of jurors do not appear, fheriff, Sec. to return tales. Juftices authorifed to fummon witnefies; and to order the jury to view; jury to afiefs damages; whofe verdiCt and judgement to be conclufive. Penalty on witnefies not appearing, or refuting to be fworn, or to give evidence. Produce of lands fold by bodies corporate, Sec. to be laid out in purchafe of other lands, and fettled to the fame ufes, &c. Verdicts and judgements of the jury to be in writing, and filed among the records of the quarter fefiions, and copies to be evidence. Satisfaction being made or tendered, the proprietors may proceed on their works. Proprietors may make a furvey without previous fatisfaCtion. Purchafe money and damages may be recovered from proprietors by aCtion in any court at Weftminfter. If damages and cofts not latisfied in four months, they may be levied by diftrefs Satisfaction for future damages. Proprietors to pay coils, if jury give larger damages than offered; otherwife the owners of the lands to pay the fame. Animal rents chargeable upon the rates. Proprietors may appoint toll gatherers. Tolls, per hundred weight of chalk, lime, dung, mould, foil, compoft for land, timber, planks, firewood, corn or grain ground at Barcombe Mill, or materials for roads conveyed between Lewes Bridge and Barcombe Mill, one halfpenny per mile : and for other goods, id. per mile per ton: and for dung, Sec. carried above Barcombe Mill, id. per ton per mile: and for other goods, id. 2q. per ton per mile. Recovery of tolls, by aClions or diftrefs. No toll to be taken between Lewes and Barcombe Mill till 500l.be laid out. To prevent impofitions in collecting the tolls, no boatman, Sec. to have more than is mentioned, on penalty, not more than 5I. nor lefs than 40s. Vefiels paffing from Lewes Bridge to Land Port or Migheil’s New Cut, exempt from toll. Application of the tolls, to expences, and for maintaining the, navigation. Proprietors may appoint officers; who are to account upon oath. Officers refufing to account; their goods and chattels may be diftrained for the fum in arrear; and for want of diftrefs may be committed. Perfons wilfully deftroying works, to be punifhed ns felons. Penalty on obftruCting the navigation, 5I. and not Id's than 40s. or commitment, for not more than a month. Company of proprietors to contribute 25,000b to be divided into fhares. The money to be divided into ihares. Shares veiled in fubferibers; and made personal tftafe. Proportion of each fubferiber of profits of the navigation. Every fubferibrr of part to be deemed a proprietor; and may vote by proxy. General meeting of the company of proprietors. Committee to be appointed. Power to hold fpecial meetings. Committee to be fubieCt to the controul of the general meetings. Books of accounts to be locked up. On failure of a fufficient number in the general aflembly, no committee ftiall be appointed, but another meeting held for that pufpofe. Penalty on proprietors not attending the fecond meeting, 10s per fhare. General aflembly to audit and fettle accounts. General aflembly and committee impowered to make calls, not to exceed iol. in 100L Committee to manage the affairs of the company. Proprietors to pay their calls when required ; if not paid within two months, then to forfeit their fhares. No forfeiture to take place, unlefs declared fuch at a general meeting. General aflembly impowered to remove any of the committee or officers, or to revoke any rules, &c.; and to make bye-laws. Executors, adminiftrators* guardians* &c. liable

to

Hosted by Google

i79°-] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 53.

to pay calls. If a deficiency of affets or executors, Sec. fhall not anfwer cajfs, other perfons may be proprietors of the fhares, on payment of the money advanced. Proprietors enabled to fell or difpofe of their (hares. After a call is made, no perfon to fell till fuch call is paid. Company of proprietors not to begin any works, unlefs io,oool, be fubferibed. A clerk to be appointed; who fhall enter the proceedings in a book; and the fame fo entered and figned, may be admitted in evidence. Proprietors may remove the clerk. Additional rates for certain things remaining on the wharfs longer than twelve months. Mailers of veffels to give an account thereof, and of their lading. Penalty on refufal, ios. per ton on goods. Penalty on giving a falfe account, 20s. per ton. Veflels to be weighed in cafe of any difference refpedling the rates. Expences of weighing and meafuring to be paid, if the goods be of the fame or greater weight by the mailer of the barge, and if lefs, the collector to pay all colls, &c. The navigation and the roads and ways open to all perfons on paying the rates.

No velfel under ten tons, to pafs through the locks, without the content of the proprietors. Proprietors rdtrained from eredting warehoufes, wharfs, Sec. near any capital houfe, or on any garden, Sec. without the content of the owners. Lords of manors, and owners of land, not to be rdtrained from creating wharfs, quays, Sec. within their manors or lands, or from landing goods thereat. If fuch lords or owners fhall not (on receiving proper notice from the company of proprietors) ere61 fufficient warehoufes, See. the fame may be done by the company of proprietors, on making fatisfadlion. 6d, per ton fhall be paid for wharfage. Names of the mailers to be painted on the veflels. VelTels may be weighed at any time, at the expence of the company. Graduated figures to be painted on the veflels denoting their weight. Penalty for negledl. Sec. not above 5I. nor under 40s. Owners of veflels accountable for the damage done by their bargemen. Proprietors authoriied to make fpaces for veflels to turn or pafs each other. Penalty on bargemen fuffering the water to remain in any lock longer than is neceflary, and not properly opening and fhutting the gates of the lock, Sec. not above 5I. nor under 40s. Penalty on perfons wilfully placing their veflels fo as to obftrudl the navigation, not above ios. nor under 5s. Veflels funk may be weighed by the company at the expence of the owners. Penalty on perfons obltru6ting, not above 5I. nor under 40s.; and on perfons throwing rubbi/h into the navigation, not above 5I. nor under aos.; and on perfons damaging corn, Sec. not above 5I. nor under ios. Company may demife the rates for not more than three years, by publick bidding, on a month's notice in the newfpapers of Suflex. Saving the rights of lords of manors, and owners of lands. Pefervation for commiflioners of fewers. The company may ere6t bridges, and keep them in repair, at their own charge. Company of proprietors not impowered to make eredtions or buildings, othenvife than for the purpole of navigation. Duties exempted from taxes. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied, to the ufe of the company of proprietors. Diltrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflions. Perfons giving falfe evidence, to be punifhed for perjury. Ir fubferibers negle6t to pay their fubferiptions, they maybe fued. Limitation of a6tions. General ifliie. Treble colts. Publick a6t.

CAP. Lin.

An a6t to alter, explain, amend, and render more efle6lual, feveral a6ls made for paving, cleanfmg, and lighting the lquares, flreets, lanes, and other places, within the city and liberty of Weft min Her, and parts adjacent; and for putting certain flreets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the managemeiit of parochial committees, fubjedt to the controul of the commiflioners appointed by or iiv purluance of the faid feveral a6ts; and for removing and preventing nui-lances, annoyances, obftrubtions, and incroachments in the faid flreets, and other places ; and for other purpofes.

11 Geo. 3. c. 22. Optional Streets. Optional Streets in the pnriih of Saint James Weftminfter; Bury Street, Charles Street, Panton Square, and

13	Arring-

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 53.	[1790.

Arringdown Street, Tyler Street, Vine Street, Little St. James's Street, and Thatched Houfe Court, Paved Alley, or Little Crown Court, Hol-borne and Middle Row, in the parifhes of St.Giles, and St George Bloomf-bury, and St. Andrew Holborne above the Barrs, and a paffage called Mid-die Row. Management of other Optional Streets under the commiffion-ers. For collecting arrears of rates on Optional Streets. Application thereof before March 25, 1790, as the money in the hands of the commif-lioners. Perfons having an order from commiffioners, &c. may infpeCt poors rates. Commiffioners and committees to make rates. May appoint collectors, and take fecurity. Commencement of the firft rate March 25, 1796. Houfes hereafter to be built, to be rated as other houfes, &c. Limitation of rates in Optional Streets in Saint James’s parifh to two (hillings in the pound. So much of former adts as impowers commiffioners to make rates on Optional Streets, hereby transferred, repealed. For apportioning the rates on corner houfes in Optional Streets in equal moieties, one in each ftreet fronting and abutting. For an equal pound rate on Holborne by the joint committee, as they think competent. If committees negleCt to make rates, commiffioners may do it. Monies received by the collector, to be paid into the bank. Bank to pay money drawn for upon them. Collector not to retain more than iool. more than 7 days. Commiffioners and committees clerks to keep account of all the receipts and payments. Empty houfes fhall be affieffied at one half of the full rates. Under-tenants, See. liable to the rates. For reimburfmg the tenant, to retain what is paid. Not to affeCt agreements between landlords and tenants. Rates of houfes let to ambaffiadors, to be paid by the landlords. Publick buildings and walls, Sec. fhall be affieffied, at 6d. per ann. per yard fquare. Perfons quitting houfes or premifes before payment of the rates, and perfons entering in fuch houfes or premifes, to be fubjeCt to the payment thereof, for the times of their occupying the fame. Optional Streets accounts to be kept feparate from parochial accounts. Rates may be levied by diftrefs; or recovered by aCtion at law. Perfons aggrieved may appeal. Collectors to account on oath; in default to be committed, until true account be made, and fuch commitment not to difcharge his fecurities, or abate or difeontinue any aCtion depending. Committees to tranfmit to commiffioners extracts of monies affieffied in October yearly. If any clerk of the committee negleCt or refute to give account, to pay 40s. for the hr ft offence, and 5]. for each fubfequent one. Intereft of money, and all other payments, fhall be certified by the committees to the commiffioners. Per-ions may recover money certified by the committees, unlefs fome juft caufe to the contrary. Commiffioners fhall not be charged with more money from any pariffi, &c. than they fhall have received from fuch parifh. The commiffioners fhall keep feparate accounts of money received from each parifh. Bufmefs of the furveyors and infpectors, to view ftreets as by former aCts. Salaries of the commiffioners officers, and the expences of the commiffion, to be paid by order of the commiffioners. Former fecurities to be valid. For entering fecurities in books. Surplus of rates to be applied in reducing the debts. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Notice to be given to the perfons whofe bonds are to be paid off. Principal not demanded, intereft to ceafe. Power to borrow money at lower intereft, to difcharge fecurities at a higher. Directions for repairing water pipes. Privior to water company. Penalty on his negleCt, for 24 hours 40s. per clay, till relaid. Paviors to water companies to tranfmit their names, places of abode, and walk, to the committee. If no regular pavior, notice to be tranfmitted to clerk to water companies. Commiffioners or committees to be reimburled expences of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes, by the treafurer or clerk of the water company. Lilt of ftreets to be tranfmitted to water companies. Bill for relaying pavements for water companies to be delivered in eight months. Property of pavements, lamp irons, materials, Sec. veiled in commiffioners and refpeCtive committees, who may hire ground for depofiting materials. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps, 20s. each. Perfons carelefsly or accidentally breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Commiffioners may alter, Scc. number and petition of lamps. Sec. or the levels, and form of pavement, Sec. Commiffioners to account with the committee relating to Optional Streets, and

give

Hosted by

Google

179°-] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 54-	If9

give attefted copies, and the fecurity for payment of money due, dec. Payments for fubfifting contracts fliall be made by the committee. When fubfifting contracts expire, committees may advertife for freffi contracts', by order of the commiffioners. Commiffioners to advertife for contractors; and committees, with confent of commi/Tioners, may make contracts. May be enforced by aCtion at law. Commiffioners and committees may compound with contractors for the penalties incurred, or non-performance of contracts; and may employ workmen, carriages, and horfes. Duty of contractors for cleanfing the ftreets. Not to fweep the flop, &c. into any common fewer, &c. fo as to lie within 10 feet of the grate, or 3 feet of the channel; once a week to collect duft by ringing a bell. Contractors negleCting their duty, to forfeit not more than 10s. nor lefs than 3s. For preventing afhes being taken by any perfon but the contractor for cleanfing.

Powers of‘former aCts for preventing nuifances, &c. repealed, and new powers granted. Hackney coaches not to ftand or ply for hire in Piccadilly, between Air Street and Sackville Street. Penalty on annoyances on the foot ways, firft offence 5 s. fecond 10s. third il. Impowering commiffioners and committees to enforce obfervance of building aCts, fo as to prevent incroachments. For regulating bow windows and other projections. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houfes. Water to be conveyed from houfes in pipes. Palifadoes broke or deftroyed or defective, to be repaired. Names of the ftreets to be wrote at or near the entrance, and houfes and lamp irons to be numbered. Regulations of this aCt extended to the liberty of the rolls, and part of Park Lane, Piccadilly, from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Corner, and from the fouth end of Park Lane to the north fide of Hertford Street, in the parifh of St. George Hanover Square, and Bridge Street, Lambeth, in the county of Surrey, but not to make rates on Piccadilly or Park Lane. Recovery and application of penalties.

Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari,

Diftrefs not unlawful. General power of appeal againft penalties. Actions not tgbe commenced againft commiffioners or committees, until after fourteen days notice, or tender of amends is made, nor fix calendar months after caufe of aCtion. General iffue. Treble cofts. Cofts, charges,

&c. to be paid out of money raifed by this or former aCts.

CAP. LIV.

An aB for vejling the ejlate and property of the trujlees of Weftmin-Rer fijh market in the marine fociety, for the purpofes therein mentioned ; and for difeontinuing the powers of the faid trujlees.

WHEREAS an aft of parliament was made in the twenty- Preamble.

fecond year of the reign of his late Majejly, for making a free suGeo.3.0.49 market for the fale of fiih in the city of JVeJhninJler, and for other purpofes in the faid aft mentioned; and by the faid aft trujlees were appointed\ with power to ere ft and build a fijh market within the faid city7 and certain duties were granted and made payable by allfifhermen and other perfons bringing fijh to the faid market, and a piece of ground? fituate near WeRminfter Bridge, was conveyed to the faid trujlees, for the purpofe of erefting and holding the faid fijh market; and in the ^Geo.s.c^ twenty-ninth year of his faid late Majejly an aft was made for rendering the firjl-mentioned aft more effectual; and by an aft made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his faid late Majejly, certain du- 33 Geo. 3. c. % 7 ties were granted upon all fijhing vejfels coming to The Nore, to be applied tovjards carrying the purpofes of the faid fever al afts into execution : and whereas the faid trujlees endeavoured to ejlablijh a fifi market agreeable to the direftions of the faid afts, but it was found impracticable to ejlablijh the fame; and the deftgn hath been abandoned fever al years agoy and the faid.piece of ground, ivas let upon a building

14	jerft>

Hosted by Google

The money belonging to the truftees to

120	Anno	reg-ni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 54.	[1790,

leafe, at a certain referved annual rent of fix ty-five pounds, and the fa id trufees are now in the receipt of the faid rent, and alfo of the duties granted to them as aforefaid* and are alfo poff ed of the fum of four thoufjndtwo hundred pounds in the three pet* centum confolidated bank annuities, being the accumulated produce of the faid rents and duties• but the faid trufees are not author fed to make any application thereof: and whereas the providing apprentices for fi/bermen^ maflers of JhipSj or other perfons employed in the fca /ervice, being one of the cbjedis of the faid a cl of the twenty-fc con'd year of the reign of his late Majefy, in cafe the faid fijh market had fucceeded, and there had been any jurplus money to be difpofed of it is expedient that the eflate and property of the faid trufees fhould be applied in augmentation of the fund of the marine fociety, to be difpofed of for the purpofes of the faid fociety, or in fuel? manner as is herein-after directed: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, fhall and arc hereby authorifed and required, on or before the twenty-ninth bTtransTerrcd ^ay September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, to caule and paid to, the faid fum of four thoufand two hundred pounds three per cen-anc! the	turn confolidated bank annuities, belonging to the laid truftees, to

w°'henvirine trans^erre^ to marine fociety, and alfo to pay, or caufe to fociety.	be P'a*lc^ to the faid marine fociety, all fuch money as (hall be in

the hands of the trealurer to the faid truftees, and all other money which they ihall be pofteffed of or entitled to by virtue of the faid acts at the time of making the faid transfer (after deducting thereout all charges and expences attending the faid truft); and that from and after the time of making the faid transfer, all the eftate, right, title, and intereft, of or belonging to the faid truftees, of and in the faid piece of ground fituate near TVefminfer Bridge, which piece of ground was conveyed to them by the commilfion-ers for building IVefmirfer Bridge, by virtue of the power granted to them by the faid act of the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late Majefty, iliail be, and are hereby veiled in the faid marine fociety; and the duties granted or made payable to the faid truftees as aforefaid, by the faid act of the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty, ihall alfo be, and are hereby veiled in, and fhall be payable to, the faid marine fociety; which money and other property are hereby diredted to be transferred and paid to, and veiled in, the faid marine fociety for the ufes and purpofes herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay), The faid fum of four thoufand two hundred pounds, and the dividends and produce thereof and the rent .referved by the faid leafe, and the other money aforefaid (except the produce of the faid duties upon fifhing veffels) fhall be applied and difpofed of in like manner as any other eftate or money belonging to the faid fociety is to be applied and difpofed of; and the produce of the faid duties upon fuch fifhing veffels as aforefaid (after the expences of collecting the fame are deducted) fhall be applied in binding apprentices to fifhermen, or

in

The duties upon hilling veffels to be payable to the laid fociety.

Hosted by Google

I 21

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 55.

in time of war, fach produce may be applied towards fitting out boys or other perfons to ferve in the royal navy; and the faid marine fociety fhall have the like powers and authorities for appointing an infpevSlor of the fifhing veffels coming to the Note, and of obtaining payment of the faid duties, as the faid truftees had immediately before the palling of this a£t; any thing in the faid recited a£ts, or any of them, to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the mak- The powers ing the transfer of the faid four thoufand two hundred pounds as aforefaid, all the powers and authorities given to or vefted in the and penalties faid truftees, by the faid recited a£ts, or any of them, fhall ceafe payable to the and determine; and that all fuch penalties and forfeitures, or any truftees to be part or proportion of fuch penalties or forfeitures, which were pay-

able to the faid truftees, or to any perfon on their account, by vir-tue of the faid recited a£ls, or any of them, fhall belong to the faid marine fociety, and fhall from time to time be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall appoint to receive the fame.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all the charges and ex- Expences of pences attending the obtaining and patting of this a£t fhall be paid

out of the money belonging to the faid truftees as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enacfted, That this act fhall be deemed Publick a£t. and taken to be a publick a£t; and fhall be judicially taken notice

of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LV.

An adl to enable fir William Hamilton, knight of the molt honourable order of the bath, his heirs and affigns, to make and provide quays, docks, piers, and other erections; and to eftablifh a market, with proper roads and avenues thereto refpe&ively, within the manor or lordfhip of Hub-berfton and Pill in the county of Pembroke,

Sir William Hamilton empowered to ere<5l quays and buildings, and execute other works. Goods landed on the quays, to pay the fame rate of wharfage as in the port of London. Penalty on throwing rubbifh. See• into the creek, or caufing annoyances. Sir William Hamilton to appoint quay mailers. Goods may be landed at the quays to be made under this a£l. From fuch quays on the eaft fide of Hubbcrfton Pill, as are not legal quays, fufterance goods may be fhipped and landed. Provifo, if fhipped, laden, or landed, and difeharged, agreeable to the laws relating to the King’s revenue of cuftoms, excife, or fait duties. The quay matter's duty and powers, to ftation fhips, and commanders refilling to obey, to forfeit 40s. Regulations for goods landed on the quays. If ihips continue there above 2 days, to pay fir Wm. Hamilton is. per ton, and the like for every 24 hours atter. If the goods landed or lying on deck be gunpowder, tar, pitch, hemp, flax, faggots, fpirituous liquors, turpentine, hay, ftraw, tallow, or other combuftible goods, and not taken away in 24 hours, to pay fir Wm. Hamilton $s. per ton for every 24 hours after. A fufficient.number of perfons may be appointed to watch the quays. For every offence,

1 cl. penalty. Mailers or owners of veffels made anfwerable for damages done by their fervants and others. Difputes refpedting damages or payments to quay matter, to be fettled by a juftice of the peace for the county of Pembroke. For puniiliing perfons deftroying or injuring the works, as felons, or may mitigate the fame as in cafe of petty larceny. For efta-blittung a market, at the Priory or Pill Farm. After market eftabliftied, butchers meat and butter not to be fold in any other place within the manor. Market to be always open except on Sundays. Certain market

' pay*

Hosted by Google

122

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 56.	[1790.

payments on butchers meat to be made to fir William Hamilton, for cattle 8d. calves, fheep, &c. 2d. Certain market payments on butter to be paid to fir William Hamilton, for every firkin, or lefs, one halfpenny. Penalty on fale of butter in firkins, &c. without its being fearched and marked, 3s. 4d. Penalties in 13 and 14 Car. 2. c. 26, on defective weight and falfe package of butter, extended to this market. This a<ft not to extend to quantities of butter under four pound weight. For appointing a clerk of the market. For appointing a publick weighing houfe in the market. For making bye-laws refpedting the markets and works to be made and eftablifhed by virtue of this a<S. Bye-laws not to have efFe<5t till approved by the judges of affize or great fefiions for the county of Pembroke. For fetting out roads and ways. Treafury empowered to leafe certain lands to fir William Hamilton. For recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the cfuarter fefiions. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form. Limitation of a&ions. General ifiue. Treble cofts. General faving.

CAP. LVI.

An a <ft to alter and amend an a<ft, pafled in the laft feflion of parliament, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from near to Cromford Bridge, in the ccninty of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewaih Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and alfo a collateral cut from the faid intended canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the laid county.

29 Geo. 3. c. 74, recited. _ No more than i-2oth of the water of the Derwent to be taken for the time allowed. Quantity of water flowing under Cromford Bridge to be afeertained; and none to be taken for the canal, unlefs 570 tons per minute pafles under the bridge. When that quantity pafies under the bridge, a certain proportion may be taken for the canal, 1-20U1 part of the average for 48 hours; viz. from 4 every Thurfday afternoon till 4 every Saturday afternoon. Cromford fough, and Bonfall brook, if diverted into the Derwent, below Cromford Bridge, or into another channel, to be deemed part of the water at Cromford Bridge. Mode of afeertaining the quantity of water in Cromford fough and Bonfall brook, to be meafured on a certain day in 1790, and a certificate of the average quantity, by the engineer, to be recorded at the firft general quarter fefiions in 1791, to be figned by the clerk of the peace, to be evidence of the fame. Manner of taking water from the Derwent at four places on the ground belonging to the Cromford Canal company only, on the furface or at the fides of the canal, and not at the bottom thereof. Water of the foughs running into the Derwent, not to be aiminiflied by means of the canal. No water to be taken into the canal from, mines weftward of the tunnel, except at the places and times mentioned. Weirs to be made weftward of the tunnel three inches lower than the weirs on the fummit level eaftward of the tunnel, fo that all the wafte water may flow into the Derwent. Back drains to be made to the canal weftward of the tunnel, in all places found to leak, fo that fuch leakage water be conveyed into Derwent, or ftreams belonging. Bed of the river at Cromford Bridge to be made level before any water taken for the canal. Perfons in-terefted in the Derwent, to have accefs to the places where water fhall be taken into the canal. An engineer to be appointed to examine the quantity of water taken from the Derwent, See. An engineer to be appointed by juftices at the fefiions, and to take the oath, &c. Owners of mills and works on the Derwent may appoint agents to infpetft the taking the water. Engineers and agents to be paid by the Cromford Canal company. Verdicts of juries may be removed by Certiprari. If Cromford Canal company become unable to make good damages, the power of diverting the water of the Derwent to ceafe. Erewaih Canal company may open fhut-tles of the locks on the Cromford Canal, See. And may open locks when boats loaded pafs from a higher to a lower level of the Cromford Canal, Times of holding general afiemblies varied, as they fhall appoint. Manner of appointing committees varied, nine perfons each, and five to a<51. Sir

Richard

Hosted by GoO^lC

123

1790.3 Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 57.

Richard Arkwright to be entitled to lead mines difcovered in his lands. Darley weirs may be raifed in certain cafes to the height of twelve inches above the level they now are placed, making a compenfation to the proprietor for damages. Publick adl.

CAP. LVIl.

An a<5t for making and maintaining a navigable communication between Stowmarket and Ipfwich, in the county of Suffolk.

Truftees. Truftees impowered to make the navigation of the river Gip-pen from Stowupland Bridge to two furlongs below Hanford Bridge ; and a navigable cut to join the Orwell; to fcour the Orwell to Stoke Bridge, and the common quay at Ipfwich, &c. to dig and cut banks of the rivers ; to ered bridges, See. Stones or polls marked, to denote diftances; and other works; to alter, repair, and amend the works; to divert, alter, and enlarge ways, bridges, &c. and do other neceffary works; to take lands adjoining or near the rivers; making fatisfaction for damages. This ad an indemnity to truftees. No wharf, See. to be made between Bof-mere Mill and Hanford Bridge; or houfe, &c. to be taken, without con-fent of owners and occupiers, except certain gardens, See. in the parifh of Stowmarket. No lock to be made fo as to damage any mill, See. Breadth of the rivers, cuts, and towing-paths; rivers to be not above 18 yards, except where cuts above 3 feet above furface of water, and there ao yards* Bodies politick, &c. impowered to fell lands. Lands feparated into fmall parcels may be exchanged or fold. Contrads declared valid, and to be inrolled with clerk of the peace. Copies to be evidence. Commiffioners appointed for determining differences, who may afeertain damages to be done to lands, Scc. If truftees or others are dilfatisfied with determinations of commiffioners, or proprietors, Sec. fliall refufe tender of fatisfac-tion, jury to be fummoned. Jury to affefs damages, and turns or annual rent to be paid. Commiffioners to give judgement. Witnefs to be paid for expences, trouble, and lofs of time. Expences of jury and inqueft, if they give more than previoufly offered, to be paid by truftees, if lefs, by the party. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint. Penalty on giving falfe evidence, perjury. Verdidts, See. to be recorded, and tranf-' mitted to the clerk of the peace, and kept among records. On payment or fecurity for fums or annual rents, truftees may take and life lands.

This adt an indemnity for fo doing. Commiffioners to fettle proportions to the feveral perfons interefted. Application of the purchafe money belonging to corporations, &c. to the perfons intitled to the premifes. Annual rents charged upon the rates; and if not paid, commiffioners may appoint a colledtor of the rates. Truftees impowered to fell land not uied for the purpofes of; the adt. Towing paths to be feparated from the adjoining lands and bridges, Sec. by the truftees. Watering places for cattle.

Banks to be made againft rivers and cuts.- At fords rendered impaffable, bridges, &c. to be made ; and to be maintained by truftees. In default thereof, the fame may be done by land owners, who fliall be repaid the expence by the truftees. If the water be raifed, the banks to be propor-tionably railed. Stones to be fet up, and the heighth of the water marked thereon. Overfalls to be made. Rates of tonnage to be colledted. For corn, hops, Hone, timber, and other goods (except coal), id. per ton per mile: for coal, one halfpenny per ton per mile. Commiffioners impowered to increafe the rates of tonnage. Rates of wharfage as the commiffioners fliall appoint, and the order for the fame to be kept amongft the records of quarter feffions, and advertifed in newfpapers* Veffels of lefs burden than 35 tons lading to be charged as having 35 tons. Manure exempted from rates, unlefs the commiffioners direct to the contrary, and then to be fubjebt to fame rates as coal. What quantity of timber fliall be deemed a ton ; viz. 40 cubic feet of oak, afh, elm, or beech timber, and 50 cubic feet of fir,or deal balk, poplar, or birch, not cut into fcantlings, to be deemed a ton weight. Recovery of fates. Truftees may reduce th-e rates.

Rates not to be altered until after three months notice. Rates not to be leafed. Mailers of boats to give account of lading. In cafe of difference concerning

Hosted by Google

124

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 58.	[1790.

ing weight, colledors may weigh veflels. Weight of the lading to be marked on the veflels. Navigation to be free, upon payment of the rates^ Power to compel payment of money fubfcribed to be lent. Rates to be afligned for fecuring fuch money. Power to raife a further fum of 14,3001. at intereft, or by granting annuities. Securities may be transferred. If the truftees borrow a further fum than fubfcribed, a preference lhall be given to the fubfcribers. Application of the money, to pay annuities, principal and intereft. Mortgages may be paid off by lot, if the truftees think, fit. If more money be borrowed than the fum fubfcribed, the fubfcribers not to be paid off till the other money be difcharged, unlefs they deftre it. When mortgages and annuities are paid oft', rates to be reduced. Lords of manors and land owners may ered warehoufes, &c. on their lands; and may take the like rates as taken by the truftees. Commiflioners im-powered to fix the rates of freight and porterage. Truftees, in their private capacity, not to be concerned in carrying goods for hire, without content of commiflioners. Truftees may, with content of the commif-fioners, carry goods for hire. Boats to be gauged. Penalty on floating timber, overloading boats, or not ihutting drawbridges ; or throwing bal-laft into the river, 40s. and on obftruding the navigation, 5 s. an hour. Penalty on opening locks, See. 5I. and not lets than 40 s. Damage done by the boats or crews to be made good. Punifhing perfons wilfully de-Itroying works, guilty of petty larceny. Truftees may make rules for regulating the navigation. Millers authorifed to let off the water for repairing their flood gates or fluices. Rivers not to be under the power of commiflioners of fewers. Right of lords of manors to filheries referved. Penalty on carrying fifhing tackle on board any boats, 5I. Land owners may uie boats free of the rates, in certain cafes. If boats laden, to pay for ten ton. Truftees impowered to extend the navigation above Stow-upland Bridge. Appointment of truftees upon vacancies by the commif-fioners. Meeting of the truftees within live miles of the navigation. Truftees may appoint officers; and fhall take fecurity from their treafurer and collectors. Victuallers not to hold places of profit under the aCt. Officers to account. Penalty on refufal, may be committed to gaol. Accounts and proceedings of truftees to be entered, and accounts to be annually audited by the commiflioners. In whofe name actions may be brought. Truftees in their private capacities, not liable to any debts, Sec. Commiflioners to take an oath. Meetings of the commiflioners. Com-miflioners may hold meetings upon emergencies. Meetings to determine difputes, &c. Commiflioners to appoint a clerk. Proceedings of the commiflioners to be entered. Commiflioners may aCt as juftices. No juftice or commiflioncr to aCl where interefted, or holding a place of profit under the aCt. Penalty on truftees and commiflioners aCting, not being qualified. Recovery of forfeitures. Diftrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter leflions, Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Rights of the corpo* tion of Ipfwich faved.

CAP. LVI1I.

An ad for draining, dividing, and inclofing certain moors, commons, or wafte lands, called Edington, otherwise Burtle Moor, Eaft Heath, Weft Heath, and Clyde Batch, within the hamlet of Edington, and pa~ rifti of Moorlinch, in the county of Somerfct.

Commiflioners, Thomas Davies, Samuel Kingdon, and John Silke. New commiflioners, in the room of any of them dying, or refufing to ad', to be eleded in one month. Commiflioners not to be interefted. Commiflioners to take an oath. The oath. Allowance to commiflioners. Regulations for commiflioners meetings. Notice of meeting. Incroach-ments made within 20 years to be deemed part of the moors. Commif-iioners to perambulate. Claims affeding the boundaries. Time of delivering in claims. Claims not objeded to the 2d, 3d, or 4th meeting of commiflioners, to be allowed, and final. Claims objeded to, to be examined into by commiflioners. Notice of trial to be given, and allotments iuipcnded. On negled to proceed to trial; commiflioners to determine.

Penalty

Hosted by Google

t'79°0 Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 59—6r.

Penalty on witnefles not attending, commitment to gaol for 6 months. Penalty for giving falfe evidence, fame as perjury. Draining powers into the river Brue, in S'omerfetfhire. Satisfaction for damages done to private property. Survey to be made. Roads 40 feet broad. Appointment of furveyor to repair roads. Parifh roads, Sec. to continue. For enabling commiflioners to borrow money. Allotments for fale to defray expences. Application of overplus monies, to be laid out in lafting improvements. Commiflioners to account. Allotment in lieu of foil equal to one twentieth part of the lands undifpofed of. Allotment of relidue of moor equally. Allotment for turbary rights on Weft Heath to be adequate to right. Allotments to be in bar of right of common. Regulation of the life of copyhold or leafehold allotments. Repair of rhines, ditches, and other fences. Power to exchange mefluage6, farms, Sec. Wills, Sec, not to be prejudiced. Leafes at rack rent, Sec. to be vacated. Award. Appeal to feflions. Saving rights of lords of manors. General faving. Pub-lick aCt.

CAP. LIX.

An aCt for more effectually embanking the marlh called Malldraeth and Corfddaugau, in the county of Anglefey, and draining and preferving the fame, and the inclofed low lands contiguous thereto.—See 28 Geo. 3. c. 71.

Preamble recites aCt 28 Geo. 3. Power to make a further rate upon the marfh, and alfo a rate upon fuch inclofed lands as will be benefited by the embankment and drainage of the marfh. Commiflioners impowered to enter upon the inclofed lands, to afeertain improved value. Expences of the aCt. Publick aCt.

CAP. LX.

An aCt for effectually carrying into execution two aCts, of the fixteenth and twenty-fifth years of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Stourbridge navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley canal navigations, in the counties of Worcefter and Stafford.

16 Geo. 3. c. 66. 25 Geo. 3. c. 87. Power to raife io,iool. upon the new proprietors. Power to recover fubferiptions by aCtion at law. Proprietors may hold 35 {hares. If fractions of fhares be afligned to truftees, they may aCt as proprietors. Intereft to be paid to the new proprietor? at 5 per cent. When the extenfion is complete, a further fum may be borrowed, and the rates afligned as a fecurity. Form of aflignment. Aflignments may be transferred. Form of transfer. Intereft to be paid prior to dividends. Power to open communications with coal and other mines near the canal. Claufe in the 16 Geo. 3. reftraining the making re-fervoirs on Penlent Chafe, or on the louth-eaft fide of a boundary leading from Knowle Brook Houfe, in the parifh of Dudley, repealed. Expences of the aCt. Publick aCt.

CAP. LXI.

An aCt for authorifing and enabling the right honourable George earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Reginald Pole Carew efquire, to eftablifh and maintain a common ferry over and acrols the river Tamer, between a certain place north of Plymouth Dock, in the parifh of Stoke Damarel, in the county of Devon, and Torpoint, in the parifh of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwile Antony in the Eaft, in the county of Cornwall.

The earl of Mount Edgcumbe and Reginald Pole Carew efq; authorifed to eftablifh a ferry, as mentioned in the title of the aCt, and to remove obftruCtions, Sec. Paflengers in the ferry to pay the following tolls : for foot paffengers each id. — Horfes, mules, or afles, laden or unladen, 2d. —Carriages drawn by one horfe, &c. is. 6d.—By 2 horfes, 2s. 6d. —By 4 horfes, 5 s.—For an hearfe, 10 s. 6d.—For carts drawn by 1 or 2 horfes, is. 6d.—By 3 or 4 horfes, 5s.—By cattle each, with perfon attending, 6d.

—For

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

126

Anno regni tricefimo GEORGII III* c. 62.	[1790.

— For a calf, and do, ad. — For a hog do, ad.—For a fcore fhcep, rid.— For a fcore hounds, 5d.—An hoglhead of beer, or other liquor, 6d.— Other goods, per ton,. 6d.—Corn and grain, per bag, 1-2d.—Hampers, pots, or crooks, per pair 1-2 d.—To pay double on Sunday. Power of diftrefs. Ferry not to ply before four in the morning, and after ten at night, between March 24, and Sept. 29; and before fix in the morning, and eight in the evening, between Sept. 28, and March 25. Penalty for defrauding the ferry, 20s. Exception in favour of the office of ordnance. Penalty on finking or damaging any boat or veffiel, &c. befides damage, 5I. and not lefs than 20s. Matters and owners anfwerable for damage done to fhips, &c. Afts to be deemed wilful and negligent injuring ferry boat. Perfons not to obftruft the ferry. No perfon liable to damages for landing at other than the regular landing places. Ferry boats may ply at' North Corner. Property, &c. of the ferry veiled in the earl of Mount Edgcumbe and Mr. Carew. Ferry not to be rated. Diltrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form, &c. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Saving the rights of the prince of Wales. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.

CAP. LXII.

An aft for paving, cleaning, lighting, and widening the ftreets, lanes, and paffages; for removing and preventing encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances; and for regulating the porters and drivers of carts, within the borough of Truro, and part of the adjoining pariffies in the county of Cornwall.

Meeting of the commiffioners: to defray their own expences. When com-miffioners die new ones to be chofen. Number of commiffioners not to be lefs than 60. Qualification of commiffioners, 20I. per ann. or 500L Oath. Commiffioners may aft as juftices. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered in proper books to be kept for that purpofe. Commiffioners to appoint officers, and required to take fecurity from their treafurer. Property of the pavements, &c. veiled in the commiffioners, who may order the ftreets to be paved, cleanfed, and lighted. Power to get materials. Penalty on obftrufting the works, 20s. Pavement not to be altered without the confent of the commiffioners, or 7 of them. Power to provide lamps. Penalty on accidentally damaging lamps, &c. to pay damage. Commiffioners are empowered to contraft for paving, cleanfing and lighting the ftreets. Surveyors to infpeft the works. Scavengers duty. Inhabitants to fweep the pavement before their houles. No perfon to carry away any foil, except the fcavengers. Perfons at liberty to keep or difpofe of for their own ufe, dung, &c, made or kept in their houfes or yards. Penalty not to extend to rubbifh occaiioned by erefting or repairing any building. Scavengers may lodge dirt in vacant places in the ftreet, with the commiffioners confent Regulations touching the emptying of bog-houfes. Penalty on eaufmg annoyancevs in the ftreets, 10s. befides other penalties by law. No carriage to be left in the ftreet. Commiffioners may remove nuifances and annoyances. Power to take down the bow windows now erefted. Expence of moving ligns, Sec. to be paid by the owners. Houfes, Scc. to be built or new fronted, to be made to rife perpendicularly. Nuifances to be removed. Limiting the number of herfes drawing on the new pavements, fame as turnpikes, and wheels regulated. Names of the ftreets to be fet up, and the houfes to be numbered. For regulating the porters and carmen, and the carriages to be ufed by them. Commiffioners authorifed to lay afleffinents for defraying the expences attending the execution of the aft, not above is. 6d. per pound. Buildings not fubjeft to be afiefled while unoccupied. Power to recover the affieffments by diflrcfs and fale. Commiffioners empowered to borrow money upon the credit of the rates, not exceeding i,oool. Money borrowed on the fates to be charged with interelt on the rates. Application of the monies railed for payment of mcney borrowed with in-terell, and then for repairs, &c. Commiffioners to caufe their account* to be Hated annually. Surplus money to be placed in a banker's hands.

Coitt-

Hosted by Google

127

s 790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 63, 64.

Commiffioners not personally anfwerable for contracts, &c. The ad: not to difeharge the commiffioners from payment of the rates. No adion to be difeontinued on account of the death of the treafurer. Directing the recovery and application of penalties. Inhabitants may give evidence. Inhabitants difeharged from ftatute work when* ftreets are new paved. Jurifdidion of the mayor, Sec. extended to Kenwyn, Calenick, and Clement Streets. May treat for the purchale of houfes, See. Incapacitated perfohs empowered to fell and convey. If fuch perfons refufe to treat, See. a jury to be fummoned. Jurors may be challenged. Verdid of jury, Sec. to be binding, and to be regiftered. Sheriff, Sec. negleding his duty, may be fined iol. Compenfation for premifes held for life or long terms of years. On payment of purchafe money, premifes to be conveyed; on default thereof, or if any difpute in the title, the purchafe money to be placed out for the ufe of the perfons intitled thereto. Purchafe money for premifes in fettlement to be laid out to the like ufes. Market houfe and Middle Row to be pulled down, and laid into Fore Street. Market that may be built to be confidered as a publick market. County rates to continue to be raifed in Kenwyn, Calenick, and Clement Streets. Right of the corporation to hold fairs referved. Appeal to the quarter feffions. Perfons diftraining not to be deemed trefpaflers on account of defed in proceedings. No plaintiff to recover after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari. Limitation of adions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick ad.

CAP. LXIII.

An ad for preferving the works made for fupplying the town of Bradford, in the county of York, and part of the townfhip of Horton, in the pa-rifh of Bradford aforefaid, with water; and for the more eafy recovery of the rents for the faid water, and to enable the proprietors thereof to borrow money for the improving fuch works.

From the fpring at North Bierley. Proprietors incorporated by the name of The Company of Proprietors of Bradford Works. For laying the water into houfes in Bradford and Horton. Pavement injured by laying down pipes, to be made good. No pipe to be affixed, Sec. without the confent of the proprietors. For afeertaining the rents to be paid for water. Houfes under 3I. per ann. as.—above 3I. and not 61. per aim. 6s.—of iol. per ann. los. — under 15I. per ann. 15s. — above 15I. and not more than 20I. per ann. il.—above aol. per ann. il. 5s.—Inn of iol. per ann. il —do of 15I. per ann. il. 10s.—do of aol. per ann. al.—above aol. per ann. 3I. Brewers and other trades to be charged additional rents for water. Occupiers of houfes under 3I. to pay no more than as. Perfons paying water rents. Sec. not to gain fettlements. Penalty on perfons taking water, not having agreed with the proprietors for it. Pipes may be taken away from perfons not paying the rent, or letting the water run wafte. In cafe of lire, water may be taken without making any fati stuff ion. For recovery of water rents not paid when due and demanded. Water rents exempt from all taxes or rates. Rents to be divided among proprietors, Sec. Punilhing perfons damaging or deflroying works, to forfeit 20s. and not under 5s. Informations, Sec. to be before one juftice. Diftrels not unlawful for want of form. Form of conviction. Appeal to quarter feffions. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Abt not to affedf agreements made with owners of lands through which the water is conveyed. The proprietors impowered to borrow 2,000k; and to affign the water works as a fecurity. Form of alfignment. Grants and alfignments to be entered with the clerk; and may be transferred. Form of transfer. Intereft to be paid,half-yearly. General faving. Publick a<ft.

C A P. LXIV.

An a<5t for eftablifhing a chapel at Ramfgate, in the parifh of Saint Laurence, in the Ifle of Thanet, in the county of Kent, aa a chapel of eafe to the church of the fame parifli.

Ground

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo Georg-II III. c. 65.	[1796.

Ground and chapel veiled in Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fagg, atid Mr. Holman $ upon truft to be ufed as a chapel of eaie to the church of St. Laurence. Chapel to be for ever a chapel of eafe to the church of St. Laurence. A curate to be licenfed to officiate in the chapel. Truftees to nominate a temporary curate during a vacancy in the curacy of the chapel. Curate made liable to the penalties of non-rdidence. His duty deferibed, to read, prayers twice every Sunday, and to adminifter the faerament as the law requires, and read prayers every Wednefday and Friday from Lent to Michaelmas, and all faints days, and preach twice every Sunday, except on fa-crament days. Truftees to make allowance to the curate out of the profits to be made by letting out pews. Clerk, and fervants of the chapel, to be appointed. Truftees to make profit by letting out the pews, and to keep the chapel in repair. Truftees to receive the rents of pews, upon truft to keep the chapel in repair, and to divide the remainder in ftated proportions. New truftees to be elected, in cafe of vacancy by death, or otherwife. Truftees to be anfwerable for their own adts. Exemption from parochial rates Legal eftate of the ground and chapel to defeend to heirs, according to common law. Saving the rights of the archbifhop and archdeacon of Canterbury, and of the vicar and parifti clerk of St. Laurence. General faying. Publick adt.

C A P. LXV.

An adt to enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary the line of the faid canal navigation; and tq raife a further fum of money for the purpofe of com pleating the faid canal navigation; and for other purpofes.

Adt 10 Geo. 3. c. 114. for making the Leeds and Liverpool canal from Leeds Bridge through the townfhip of Leeds, and through the feveral townfhips, parifhes and hamlets of Holbeck, Wortley, Armley, Bram-ley, Calverley, Ecclefall, idle, Shipley, Bingley, Morton, Silfden, Kild-wick, Farnell, Bradley, Skipt^n, Sterton, Thorlby, Gargrave, Bank Newton, Marton, Coats, Barnolfwick, and Salterford, in the county of York, and Foulridge, Coin, Marfden, New Laund, Filley Clofe, Padiham, Simonftone, Read, Whalley, Billington, Salifbury, Clayton, Ofbaldifton, Balderftone, Samlfbuy, Cuerdale, Walton, Cuerden, Farrington, Leyland, Dlnefwalton, Ecclefton, Mawdefley, Bifpham, Wrightington, Parbold, Newburgh, Latham, Burfcough, Scarifbrick, Halfal, Down Holland, Ly-diate, Aughton, Maghull, Melling, Aintree, Netherton, Ford, Litherland, Bootle and Kirkdale, in the county of Lancafter, to the North Lady’s Walk, in the town or port of Liverpool,'and from thence to communicate with the river Merfey. And for completing the faid navigation, the company might raife 260,0001. and if not fufficient 6o,ocol. more. 23 Geo. 3. c. 47. for incorporating the river Douglas navigation with the Leeds and Liverpool. Proprietors impowered to make a deviation from the original line, and to complete the canal from Marfden, Pendle Foreft, Tghtenhill Park, Gowthorp otherwife Gawthorp, Padiham, Hapton, Altham, Clayton, and Harwood otherwife Great Harwood, until the fame ftiall communicate with the original intended canal at Nab or Banks Wood, in the townfhip of Great Harwood. Company may enter lands for that purpofe; and may eredt buildings, and do other works. Breadth of the canal and towing path at Dean Clough in Harwood, not above 170 yards in breadth. Powers of former adts to extend to the deviation hereby authorifed to be made. Company not to endt any other buildings, or do any other adts than what they are authorifed to do by the former adts. Two parts of the plan and book of reference to he certified by* the fpeaker. Canal to be made purfuant to the plan and book of reference. Names of land owners not being in the book of reference, to be no prejudice in making canal. Water not to be taken out of the river Aire, nor out of the ftreams flowing into the faid river above Gargrave bridge. After the head level of the canal is navigable. Howden brook to be turned into the river Aire. Water not to be taken out of the river Ribble. Company not to take any water into the deviating cut from the river Henburn. Company not to

Hosted by Google

179°-] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 67.

take any water that flows to Martholme mill. The company to make and repair bridges, See. The company liable to be indided at common law, for not making (tone bridges over the canal; or for not keeping bridges, 8zc. in repair. The juftices at feflions, in certain cafes, to determine what bridge fhall be made. Liberty to place trunks and tunnels in Ruffbrd. Company not to be liable to damage, after trunks placed between Sollom and RufFord locks, in cafe flood gates are kept fhut. Directions relative to laying tunnels. Power for the company to raife a further fum of aoo,oool. for compleating the canal, and to aflign tolls as a lecurity. No preference to be given in refpeCt of the priority of any money lent. Securities to be entered in books, and may be transferred. Intereft fhall be paid half-yearly. Limitation of the fum to be raifed in ad 23 Geo. 3. repealed. Directing what fhall be done on alienation of (hares by marriage or death, to pafs by will or ad minift ration. When and where the general afTembly of the proprietors fhall be held in Lancafhire, the third Friday in September yearly. So much of a claufe in 23 Geo. 3. as relates to the advertifing the letting or altering the tolls, repealed; and another notice thereof to be given. Tonnage per mile on coals got in Lancafhire and brought into Yorkfhire, to be the fame as upon thofe which come down the Bradford navigation. Appointment of a committee clerk on the Lancafhire fide; refervation of rights of the corporation of Liverpool. Publick aCt.

CAP. LXVI.

An ad for paving, and otherwife improving, the city and towrdhip of Peterborough.

Commillioners. Penalty for ading not being qualified. Power to provide lamps. Provifo for holding fairs and markets. Not to extend to Minder Clofe, nor to pave Boongate, See. Truftees of certain eftates liable to pave and light certain parts of the city, to pay a compofition in lieu thereof, oif 5 ool. Turnpikes maybe ereCted. One acrofs the road from Stilton to Peterborough Bridge, over the river Nene, at the junction 'with the road from Oundle to the faid bridge ; another turnpike acrofs the road from Lincoln to Peterborough, at the north end of Boroughbury Lane, with a fide bar acrofs the lane, leading to Crawthorn Hill; another acrofs Weftgate, near the workhoufe; another acrofs Cowgate, and another in Peterborough, acrofs Boongate, between Swan (pool and the common pound. Tolls; coaches drawn by 3 or more horfes, pd.— % horfes, 6d. — 1 horfe, 3d. — waggons by 6 or more horfes, 8d.—under 6 horles, 3d. — carts, ad. — horfes laden, id. — not laden, aq.— oxen, &c. per fcore, 5d.—fheep, See. ad. Recovery of tolls. Tolls payable once a clay. Perfons changing horfes, &c. or flopping all night, not fubjed to pay toll a fecond time. Exemption, going to or returning" from fairs in the city, or at Fletton, inhabitants of the parifh of St. John Baptift, Peterborough, or of Minfler Clofe, or for carriages in hufbandry, &c. or poor, or army on march, or mail carriages, or exprefles. Power to compound for the tolls.

C A P, LXVII.

An ad for paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the flreets, lanes, ways, and publick palTages and places, within the city of Durham, and borough of Framwelgate, and the fuburbs thereof, and flreets thereto adjoining ; for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, encroachments, and obfirudions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious feveral of the faid flreets, lanes, ways, and publick paflages and places; and for regulating and improving the markets within the laid city and fuburbs.

Commiflioners names. Qualification of commiflioners, a real eftate of 2.0I. per ann. and perfonal ot 5ool. Commiflioners to be fvvorn. Firft and other meetings of commiflioners, on June 24, at the guildhall or toll booth, and after in the city or fuburbs, as any 7 fhall appoint. Chairman to be VOL. XXXVII.	K	deded

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo GeorGII III. c. 67.	[1790.

elected annually: to have a calling vote. For eleding another chairman when requifite, by 7 commiffioners. For chufing new commiffioners, 7 may chuff another. Commiffioner not to vote in fuch cafes, uqlefs he has aded within twelve months. Commiffioners being juftices may ad as fuch. Appointment of officers by 7 commiffioners. For compelling payment of the rates, and obliging officers to account. Officers neglecting to account may be fued ; or juftices may commit them. For appointing temporary collectors. Collectors dying, or becoming bankrupt, executors, Sec. to account. Officers not to take any fees or rewards, except as allowed by aCt, nor be concerned in any bargain or contract. Proceedings to be entered in books. Office of furveyor, where no roads, to ceafe. Treafurer to pay money. Rates, not more than 8d. in the pound annually, from May 12, 1790. One half of rate to be allowed by landlord to tenant. Only one moiety of the rate to be paid by perfons not rated to the poor. Regulations relative to certain occupiers in Croffgate, Framwelgate, and Elvet barony and borough, in the pariffies of St. Ofwald, and St. Giles, and farmers of lands, &c. Lands not to be rated for the purpofes of this aCt, but houfes only. Tenants to pay the rates. Affeffors to be appointed. Jf afTeffiors negleCt to levy the rates properly, commiffioners may do it. Rates to be allowed by commiffioners. For recovery of rates in cafe of removal of occupiers, may be levied on the owner by diftrefs and fale. Rates to be paid by tenants quitting and entering, to be paid in proportion to the time each occupied, and in cafe of difputes, to be fettled by 7 commiffioners. Perfons aggrieved by rates may apply to commiffioners. For augmenting the fund, commiffioners may collect the following tolls; coaches with 6 horfes, is. 6d.—4 horfes, is.—3 horfes, 6d.— 2 horfes, 4d. 1 horfe ad.—waggons with 8 horfes, is. 4d.—6 horfes, is.—other carriages with 4 horfes, See. 6d.—3 horfes, 4<1.—2 horfes, 3d.—1 horfe, 2d.—empty waggons, 4d.—horfes, &c. not drawing, aq.—cattle per fcore, 3d. calves, fwine, Sec. per fcore, id. 2q. and they may appoint perfons to coiled them, within the ftreets; or commiffioners may ered toll gates or turnpikes; two on the great north road. Toll gates, See. vefted in the commiffioners; who may bring adions againft perfons injuring the fame. Exemptions from toll, poll, mail carriages, or exprefles, or carriages laden with coals, lime, manure, corn in the ftraw, hay, or materials of agriculture, milk, cattle going to or from pafture occupied by inhabitants of Durham or Framwelgate; waggons carrying goods to Newcaftle, or Stockton, or Sunderland, or where toll hath been paid. Tolls to be paid but once a day. When all debts' are paid, &c. the tolls to ceafe. Power to demife the tolls. Commiffioners may borrow money. Money may be borrowed on annuities. Notice to be given of the intention to borrow money. Securities for money lent, and annuities, may be transferred. Securities to be entered in a book. Money raifed vefted in the commif-fieners for the purpofes of the ad. Commiffioners empowered to purchafe houfe9, Sec. Notice to be given in a newfpaper of meeting to purchafe houfes, Sec. Three months notice to be given to owners, &c. For making fatisfadion to owners of houfes which {hall be damaged. Power to fell houfes, Sec. To afeertain value, &c. of houfes, buildings, and grounds, by a jury. Warrant to fummon jury, Sec. Challenge of jurymen. Penalty on ffieriff not returning jury, Sec. 5I. Penalty on jurymen, 10s. Fees to the iheriff and jurymen, as. 6d. per day. Expence of the jury, &c. is to be paid, if verdid for more than offered, by order of the commiffioners, but if for lefs, by the owner. Upon payment of the purchafe money conveyances to be executed. Payment being made, commiffioners may enter into poffeffion. Owners, Sec. may compel purchafe of the whole houfe, Sec. Money payable to bodies corporate, &c. to be in vefted in purchafe of other eftates. Mifnomers, or wrong defeription in the fchedule, not to prevent the execution of the ad. Commiffioners empowered to fell ground not wanted for the purpofes of the ad. Pavements, fewers, and drains, vefted in the commiffioners. Commiffioners may order ftreets, Sec. to be paved, and fewers and drains to be made. Commiffioners may contrad with perfons for paving, See. Surveyors to infped works. Power to dig gravel and get materials. Penalty of interrupting workmen, for the firft offence, aos.—fecond, 30s.—third, 40s. Pavements

Hosted by Google

iypo.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c.

ments not to be altered without confent of commiffioners. Branches into drains not to be made without leave. Private drains to be repaired. Sec. under the infpedtion of the furveyor, at owner’s expence. Perfons liable to repair any part of the faid ftreets to remain fo. Commiffioners may compound with perfons for work to be by them done. Differences about repairs to be fettled at the ftffions. Foot pavements to be fvvept 3 times a week, 4 feet from the houfe, (Sundays excepted) on penalty of 5s. for every negledt. Contractors to cleanfe the other parts of ftreets, Sec. No perfon to carry away foil but contractor. Perfons at liberty to keep or difpofe of dung made or kept in their houfes, yards, Sec. Penalty not to extend to rubbiih, &c. occafioned by building. Penalty on breaking lamps, not above 20s. nor under 10s. To prevent nuifances, not to kill or cut up beafts or fwine in the ftreets, on penalty of 10s. bdides other penalties by law. Commiffioners may take down (igns. Penalty for making certain nuifances, 5I. and power to remove the fame. For preventing carts, &c. Handing irt the ftreets, Sec. No wheelbarrow to be rolled on the foot pavements &c. To prevent accidents by driving carriages, penalty ios. Power to compound penalties by 7 commiffioners. Power to appoint watchmen. Sec. who may adt as conftables. Watchmen not to gain lettlements by appointment. General power to levy penalties. Application. Limitation of recovering penalties, one calendar month. Commif-li oners may fue or be fued in the name of their clerk. No adtion to be brought but by order of ten commiffioners. For regulating the fale of corn, not to be fold five in the market place, or in houfes or fhops of dealers. Adt not to prejudice the right of any perfon to demand toll cn corn, Sec. within the limits thereof. Inhabitants may be witneffes. Appeal againft rates and penalties to the feffions. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Notice to be given before commencing actions. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General ilTue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. LXVIII.

An adt for the better fupplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with water; and for more effedtually lighting and cleanfing the ftreets and other places within the faid town and neighbourhood, and removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, encroachments, and obftrudtions therein.

Commiffioners of the water works appointed. Manner of appointing the fucceeding commiffioners in the veftry of the parifh church of St. Peter, and 13 inhabitants to be commiffioners. Commiffioners incorporated. Meetings of the commiffioners annually, on Wednefday after nominated, and 5 may adt. Commiffioners to appoint officers. Commiffioners im-powered to purchafe or eredt works, lay pipes, Sec. The commiffioners to make good the pavement, and level the ground. Corporations, Sec. impowered to fell. In default of agreeing, the value of the premifes to be afeertained by a jury; whofe verdift fhall be final. Upon payment of purchafe money, parties to convey. No fire engine to be eredted within the biftiop of BriftoFs lands, or above Bondman’s Dam. Mr. Sagar’s right to Pittfall Mills, not to be affedted. Prefent water works to become vefted in the commiffioners, upon making compenfation. Reftridtions refpedting John Pate Neville’s property, the pipes from the river Aire, to be 40 yards diftance, and not to aftedt the tenters upon his ground or roads thereto. Sec. and if damage done, the commiffioners to amend the fame on a month’s notice, or he to caufe the fame to bve done at the expence of the commiffioners. The power of purchafing lands, not to extend to the King’s Mills or Flaycrow Mills, or the property of John Pate Nevile. Nothing to be done to the injury of the King’s Mills, and Flaycrow Mill. The intertft of the,prefent occupier of the wood mill at Pittfall not to be_ affedted, without his confent. Purchafe money belonging to corporations. Sec. to be laid out in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes. Commiffioners may fell lands, Sec. not neceffiary for the purpofes of the adt. Inhabitants impowered to lay pipes to communicate with thofe

K %	laid

, Hosted by Google

132

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 69.	[1790.

laid by the commiffioners. Such perform to give 2 days previous notice to furveyors of the highways, and to pay him 4d. per fquare yard broken up, and if no notice given, penalty 5s. Power to take and ufe the water in cafes of fire. Penalty on obftrutfting the works, 5I. and not lefs than 5s. one moiety to the trealurer for the works, and the other to the informer. Commiffioners may make rates on the fecond Saturday in May yearly. No ptrfon to be rated, but fuch as give notice to be fupplied with water. Rates to be figned by commiffioners, and confirmed by two juftices. Recovery of rates after 10 days demand, by warrant of 2 juftices, by diftrefs and tale of goods Brewers, diftillers, See. to pay an additional rate, to be fixed by the commiffioners. Poor perfons exempt from rates, for rent under 58s. per ann. and may take water from the publick cifterns in the town. Power to borrow money, and to affign the works, See. as a fecurity. Securities may be transferred. Application of the money. Rates, Sec. to be made exempt from taxes, &c. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered. Accounts of the commiffioners to be clofed at the end of every year. Commiffioners may a<ft as juftices. A<ft 28 Geo. 2. c. 41. for lighting the ftreets, &c. of the faid town, recited. Provifions of that a<ft extended to fuch parts of the town as are not comprifed therein, and to the neighbourhood. Signs, Sec. projecting into the ftreets, to be removed. Penalty on occafioning annoyances in the ftreets, or within 1,000 yards of the bars, 20s. for every offence. Water fpouts regulated, to come within 6 inches of the ground, penalty 5s. per week. Power to caufe the ftreets to be ckanfed. Recovery of penalties by diftrefs, to be redeemed in 5 days, or fold, and if not fufficient diftrefs, 2 juftices to commit offenders. Penalties to go one moiety to the informer, and the other to the poor of Leeds. Inhabitants deemed competent witneffes. Appeal to the quarter feffions. Limitation of aCtions on 30 days notice, and within 4 months to be laid in the county of York. General iffue. Treble cofts. Rights of the corporation faved. Pxpences of the a<ft to be paid out of conftables rate. Publick a<ft.

CAP. LXIX.

An aCt for amending and enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, an aCt made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign cf his pre-ient Majefty, intituled. An aCt for pulling down the church of Saint James at Clerkemvell, in the county of Middleftx, and for building a new church, and making a new church yard, or cemetry, in the faid parifh, with convenient avenues and palfages thereto; and for purchaf-ing Pentonville chapel, and making the fame a chapel of eafe to the faid church.

28 Geo. 3. c. 10. Truftees have proceeded in the execution of the aCt. Truftees empowered to purchafe certain premifes to enlarge the church yard, and the ufual claufes relating to fuch purchales. The legal eftate of premifes vefted in the truftees. Purchafe monies to be paid out of the bank, upon application to the court of chancery by the parties intilled, to be laid out in other purchafes ; and in the mean time dividends to be paid to the parties intitled. Money agreed for may be paid. Truftees impow-ered to purchafe Pentonville chapel and burial ground. Leafefor 21 years at 40I. per ann. renewable every 21 years; purchafed at 5,oool. Truftees to give 50 bonds for look each, with intereft at 4 per cent. The biffiop of London to confecrate the lame, and the parifh to renew the leafe, fc-curing to Mr. Penton certain pews, No. 39, 40, and 41 in the weft gallery, in the chapel, and a vault under the fame. To convey to truftees one acre <3f ground in the parifh of St. Mary 111ington, at the north-weft end of Winchefter Strett. Clerk of the chapel to pay to the clerk of the church a proportion of the fees. Truftees may fell the vaults under the church and chapel, and may demife premifes purchafed under the former and this a<ft. Truftees may fell fuch premifes as are found to be unncceffary for the purpofes of the a*ft. Truftees may raife a further fum, not exceeding i3,oool. Apportioning the rates between perfons removing from, and perfons coming into any houfe, Sec, Allowances to the veftry clerk; 20I.

Hosted by Google

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 70, 71.

and to collector iol. Truftees to pay balances due to the churchwardens. Legal eftates of premifes left in truft for the parilh to be diverted out of the heirs at law, Sec. and verted in the truftees. Powers of the former a<5t (not altered by this a<ft) extended to this adt. Expences of the adt to be paid. Publick a<5t.

CAP. LXX.

An ad to amend an ad of the laft feffion of parliament, for providing an additional burial ground for the parifh of Saint James/jWeftminfter, and ereding a chapel adjoining thereto, and alfo a houfe for the rcfidence of a clergyman to officiate in burying the dead.

129 Geo. 3. c. 47. Truftees may remove the reader, preacher, and officers. Additional truftees. Bifhop of London, vifitor. If the money to be raifed by the former ad is inefficient, the deficiency to be made up out of the church rate. Truftees impoweied to charge the church rates and the pews with the money to be borrowed. Power to raife all or part of the money by granting annuities at iol. percent. Annuities may be transferred. The manner of difpofing of the overplus, varied as the veftry fhall dired. How the chapel, &c. is to be built, according to a plan. Expences of the ad. Publick ad.

CAP. LXXI.

An ad for taking down the church and tower belonging to the parifh of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlefex, and for building another church and tower for the ufe of the faid parifh, and for making an additional cemetry or church yard.

Truftees. If truftees die, or refufe, or become difabled to ad, new truftees to be appointed by the parilhioners. Qualification of truftees, rated at 30I. per ann. Not to ad where interefted. Meeting claufes as ufual. All ads done by five truftees to be valid. Proceedings to be entered. Truftees in the commiffion of the peace may ad asjuftice6. Treafurer, &c. appointed. Adions in the name of treafurer. Power to truftees to purchafe land in Church Field, for the icite of the new church and the additional burying ground, containing 6 acres, i rood, and 4 perches. To Thomas Ryder and Mary Ryder, 800I. and to Richard Benyon, and Peter Beauvoir, 175I. Purchafe monies to be paid out of the monies to be raifed under this ad. Tenants to quit on three months notice. New church to be built, and additional church yard provided. New church not to be begun building until a plan, eftimate, Sec. fhall have been formed and approved of. Refidue of the faid clofe or field may be let. Old church, &c. to he taken down, and materials fold, and fuch part of the feite of the old church as may not be built upon to remain as confecrated ground. Power for truftees to inclofe the old chancel. Building in the old church yard to be taken down. Church to be completed within three years. Name of new church and church yard, the parifh church and church yard of St. John at Hackney, in the county of Middlefex; divine fervice, matrimony, baptifms, burials, Sec. to be performed by the redtor, vicar, or curate, in the old church and church yard. Old church yard to remain as luch. Rights of the reft or, and right of prefentation, preferved. Church and church yard to be vefted in truftees. Allotment of pews to the vicar and churchwardens. Dues and duties payable at the old church, fuch and the fame to be paid and received at the new church. Pews or feats may be let to fchools. Monuments to be taken down ; and placed in the feite of the old, or in the new church. Marquis of Downfhire’s chapel and vault to remain on its prefent feite, and to be made good out of the money raifed, as by agreement with the truftees. No burials in the new church; nor within twenty feet of the walls. Right of redtor in new chancel, and may be ufed by him. AffidTment for rate to be made for railing money to aniwer the purpofes of the adt, not above jd. per pound. Bates payable quarterly. Tenants to pay the whole, and dedudt half out

K 3	of

Hosted by Google

134

Anno regni tricefmo GR6RGII III. c. 7?.'.	[1790.

of the rent. Rates how to be levied where houfes are let to feveral families, Scc. to he paid by the landlord. Saving to landlords. Perfons to pay only for the time occupying. Empty houfes not to be rated. Not to affeCt agreements between landlords ami tenants. Payment of the rate not to gain a fettlement Money loft by infolvency or otherwife, new rate to be made. Recovery of rates. Summons by a juftice, and on nonpayment to be levied with cofts by diftrefs and fale. For recovery of rates from perfons quitting the premiles, rated on the parifh. Power to fue for rates, penalties, and fines. Perfons aggrieved by the rate may appeal to the truftees. Money to be raifed by annuities, or at 5 per cent, intereft. Truftees to raife any fiun not exceeding 12,5001. Money to be raifed on the credit of the aCt. Annuities how charged and paid, out of the rates. Receipts and orders for payment of annuities to be given. Annuities al-fignable. Annuities how recoverable, in 3 months, with intereft and cofts; and if not paid in 20 days, annuitant to have the fame power as the truftees. Books to be kept of annuities, See. Separate account to be kept of rates. All receipts, payments, and minutes of contracts, See. to be entered in a book. See. Collectors to account; and pay the money in their hands over to the truftees. Collectors, See. neglecting to account, may be committed. Treafurer, collector, &c. dying or becoming a bankrupt, executors or aflignees to pay the money. Cofts of this aCt to be paid. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered and applied to the purpofes of this aCt. Proceedings not to be vacated for want of form. General appeal to quarter feflions. Limitation of actions, after 21 days notice, within three months, and to be • tried in Middlefex. General iflue. Treble cofts. Publick aCt.

C A P. LXXII.

An aCt for taking down the church, chancel, and tower belonging to the parifh of Banbury, in the county of Oxford, and for rebuilding the fame.

Truftees, the mayor, aldermen, capital burgefs, afiiftant, and town clerk of Banbury, the vicar, churchwardens and others. If truftees die,, or rc-fufe to aCt, new ones to be appointed by ten truftees. Five truftees may aCt. Proceedings to be entered in a book, and figned by the clerk; Qualification of truftees (except the mayor, Sec. and fubferibers for 5 oT.), unlefs rated to the poor at 10I. per ann. Meeting claufes as ufual. Clerk, treafurer, &c. to be appointed by the truftees. Rates to be made on all inhabitants in the parifh (except the lands, &c. part of the prebend of Banbury, veiled in the bifhop of Oxford, and his leffee, and the glebe lands and allotment for tythes in Banbury tything, and part of Spital Farm, and the firft vefture of part of North Meadow, the property of Francis Eyre, and houfes and lands of the vicar of Banbury) in any fum not exceeding 3s. 6d. per pound per ann. according to the church rates; and the money arifing vefted in the truftees for the purpofes of this aCt, and to be collected by the churchwardens in their refpeCtive diftriCts, and paid into the hands of the treafurer, and take place from Aug. 1, 1790. Rates may continue in force for feveral years, as long as any money borrowed is owing. Tenants to pay the whole, and deduCt naif the rates out of the rent. Not to affeCt agreements. Rates where houfes are let to feveral families to be paid by the landlord. Recovery of rates in 14 days, on demand in writing, and fubjeCt to diftrefs and fale of goods, by warrant of 2 juftices for the borough of Banbury, or the counties of Oxford or Northampton, rendering the overplus to the owner, after deducting charges. Power to lue for rates above 20I. in courts at Weft-minfter. Power to borrow money by the truftees, and to allign the rates as a fecurity. Form of alignment. Money to be raifed by annuities. Form of grant. Manner of transferring fecurities. Form of transfer. Churchwardens and collectors to account, &c. Collectors, &c. negleCt-jng to account, may be committed. Church eftates to be fold towards the purpofes of the aCt. Chancel to be taken down. New church, chancel, and tower tQ be ereCted. Directions refpeCting taking down monuments. Allotment of pew§ to the mayor} aldermen, and capital burgeffes,

Hosted by Google

I790-] Anno regni tricefimo GeorgiI III. c-73-

and the town clerk and their ferjeants at mace, and alfo to the bifhop of Oxford, or his leffees, and the vicar of the faid parifh; and for women coming to be churched, and for fchools, and for perfons repairing the church, and thofe fubferibing iol. or upwards, for taking down and rebuilding the church, chancel, and tower; and the truftees may fell the reft, or let them, and the rents to go towards defraying the expence, and in aid of the rates. Allotments to fubferibers to be in daffies. Pews to be numbered. Subfcriptions to be transferrable. Banns may be publiftied, &c. previous- to building the church, by the vicar or curate, to be in any place appointed (with approbation of the vicar) for publick worfhip, till the church is finilhed. Remedy for recovery of fubferiptions as truftees fhall direct, by aftion in courts at Weftminfter. Application of monies raifed, firft to charges of this aft, and after in taking down the pre-fent church, &c. and in erefting a new one, and paying debt and intereft, and for an allowance to the organift, clerk, and fexton, as truftees think fit. Appeal to quarter feflions. Limitation of aftions after 14 days notice, in 6 months in the county where the caufe of aftion fhall arife. General iffiue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.

C A P. LXXIII.

An aft for forming a junftion between the Forth and Clyde navigation and the Monkland navigation ; and. for altering, enlarging, and exphiin-ing feveral former afts patted for making and maintaining the faid navigations.

Aft 8 Geo. 3. c. 63. Aft 10 Geo. 3. c. 105. Powers to form a junftion between the two canals. Powers of former afts continued for that pur-pofe. Powers of the former aft extended to the collateral cut. To convey water into the Monkland canal, and to ufe the fame as an aqueduft. Monkland canal to be kept in repair by the proprietors. Afcertaining the tonnage of fhips pafliiig without unloading. Officers to give a copy of the cocket, tranfire, let-pafs, or other clearance, upon being paid for the fame. Afcertaining the quantity of goods on board veffels, and for laying a penalty on perfons producing falfe manifefts, treble the amount of the tolls. How veffels may pafs at reduced rates; the company may reduce the tolls for goods carried on the canal without going through a lock, and to increafe the tolls not above 2d. per mile on veffels palling fhort diftances and through locks. Duty of tonnage laid on veffels for uling the bafon and wharfs: Britilh veffels, per ton, id. foreign veffels, per ton, 2d. timber, per ton, 2d. per month. Goods above 24 hours on the wharfs, per ton, id. per day. Powers given by the former afts for regulating birthing of veffels, See. extended to bafons now made or hereafter to be erefted. Company empowered to regulate perfons on land employed in the towing of veffels. Tolls may be leafed. Power to plant trees, and to ufe land unoccupied by the canal or towing paths. Former afts continued in force, 8 Geo. 3. c. 63.	11	Geo.	3.	c.	62.	13 Geo. 3. c. 104.

$4 Geo. 3. c. 59. & 27 Geo. 3. c. 55. New powers to continue and complete the Monkland canal to the river Calder. Powers in former afts continued. Powers to raife money, not exceeding io,oool. Tolls to be levied, not above id. flerling per mile for coals, ftones, timber, dung, fuel, and other goods. Powers of former aft to levy tolls extended to the Monkland navigation. Exemptions from tolls fhall be allowed ; for lime, and limeftone to pay only i-4th, iron ftone 1-2; paving ftones, gravel, and other materials for repairing roads (lime ftone excepted), and alfo dung, foil, marie, and all forts of manure for land, not to be charged with any rates, provided the)r do not pafs through any lock, only when the waters of Monkland are difeharging at the point of partition. Powers to leffen rates upon the whole or any part of the canal. Goods palling lefs than a mile, to pay tonnage for a mile. Goods, See remaining beyond 24 hours on the wharfs, to pay wharfage dues. For reducing the number of the committee of management of the Monkland canal to three, and not to exceed nine. Power to plant trees on the banks of the canal. Powers of former aft continued (except where the fame are altered, or inconfiftent, or repugnant to this aft). Publick aft.

K 4	CAP.

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricdimo Georgii III. c. 74, 75.	[1790.

CAP. LXXIV.

An ad to alter and amend an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, intituled, An ad for the effedual draining and preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the county of Cambridge ; and to eftablifh an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the commoners within the faid manor.

Ad 14 Geo. 2. c. 24. Agreement that Joyft Fen fhoul 1 be cleared of cattle from Candlemas day to March 25, yearly, hories excepted ; Mid-lott, or Midload fen, from Candlemas to M?y 1; for each common the owner might feed 15 milched cows, or dry neat cattle, and 8 (heep, or 10 cows, and 5 mares or geldings, and to abate a cow for every colt of one year old, and 3 weanling calves of the ift year deemed as one cow; and for every 4 commons to be kept one bull, from May 1, to Odober 10; and for every beaft fed contrary, the owner to forfeit 10 s. to the lord of the manor, for every offence, to be levied by diftrefs and fale, and the agreement to be valid. New regulations as to the (locking of Joyft Fen and Midlott. Joyft Fen to be cleared of all cattle (except horfes) from Candlemas-day old ftile, to April 20, yearly, and of (heep from Candlemas-day old ftile, to November 20; and Midlott cleared of cattle from Candlemas-day old ftile, to May 12, and of all dry cattle (except weanling calves under one year old) from Candlemas-day old ftile, to Aug. 12, and (heep from Candlemas-day old ftile, to December 31. New regular tion as to the (locking of commonable lands, to feed 12 milched cows or dry neat cattle, and 4 mares or geldings, and 8 fheep, and one cow for every yearling colt or filly, and 3 weanling calves of the ift year deemed as a cow, and one yearling neat beaft the like; for every 8 commons to be kept one bull, from May 11, to November 10. Regulations for mowing all the bouts and little hollows of the commonable or fen grounds, and the management of the other parts. For fcouring ditches and mowing thirties on the refidue of the commons (except The Back Ditch). That four fifths of the occupiers of the commons may, from time to time, make regulations for the ute of and enjoyment thereof. Every occupier of a common to have a vote. Penalty on perfons depafturing cattle contrary to the regulation, inftead of penalty by former ad, to pay 20 s. for each bead fed thereon, and may diftrain fuch cattle, and detain them 5 days; and if fuch penalty and cods be not then paid, to fell, and one moiety of penalty to go to the lord of the manor, for his own ufe, and the other moiety to he retained by the ftnreeves, and applied towards expences of the annual drift. Payment for cattle beyond the allowed (lint, without wikul default of the owner, to pay the fenreeves 4d. per head. For driving the commonable wafte and fen grounds. Account of the number of cattle found on the drift to be given annually to the vicar of Waterbeach. Occupiers of commons depafturing other people’s cattle (hall be deemed the owners, &c. For paying the expences of the ad. Where owners refide out of the pariftt of Waterbeach, their proportion to be paid by the tenants, who (hall dedud it out of their rent. Powers of former ad, unlefs where altered by this ad, confirmed. Publick ad.

CAP. LXXV.

An ad to enable the company of proprietors of the Staffordftiire and Worcefterfhire canal navigation to improve the navigation of the river Severn, from Stourport, in the county of Worcefter, to a place called Dijglis, near the city of Worcefter.

Ad 6 Geo. 3. p. 94. by which the company of proprietors of the Stafford -(hire and Worcefterfhire canal navigation were incorporated, and the navigation of the river Severn is affeded by fhoals, from the faid canal at Stourport to Diglis near Worcefter. StafFordihire and Worcefterfhire carjal company enabled tp improve the navigation of the river. Company

Hosted by Google

l37

1790.] Anno regni tricefimo GeorgiI III. c. 7 6.

not to make locks or weirs. Paying the expences of palling the a<ft, and carrying the fame into execution. Power for company to raife a further fum of X2,oool. by alignment of their rates. Form of alignment. Afr fignments may be transferred. Form of transfer. Intereft to be paid half-yearly. For making fatisfa&ion for-damage done in improving the river. The company to maintain the works, fo that they (hall not be a prejudice to navigation. If fatisfa&ion for damages not paid, commiffioners to levy it and,cofts, by diftrefs and fale. Penalty on perfons obftrudting works, to forfeit 20s. at diferetion of the j office. River not to be under the commiffioners of fevvers. Recovery of penalties, offenders may be committed to common gaol for 3 months, if penalty not paid, to go to the company of proprietors for the purpofts of the a<ft. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Form of convi&ion. Appeal to quarter fdlions. Limitation of actions, 3 months. General iffue. Double cofts. Publick ad.

CAP. LXXVI.

An ad for forming and keeping in repair the ftreets, and other publick palfages and places, within a certain diftrid in the parifh of Saint Luke Cheli'ea, in the county of Middlefex, called Hans Town, and for other-wife improving the fame.

Henry Holland intitled to a large piece of ground in the parifh of St. Luke in Cheli'ea, for a long term of years, under Charles Sloane, lord Cadogan* Welbore Ellis, and Chriftopher Doyley efq; on the fouth fide of the village of Knightfbridge, fronting to north, partly on the high road leading through Knightfbridge, partly on the Swan inn yard, and land of Wm. Brown efq; and towards the fouth on White Lion Street; and bounded in part, on the eaft, by a rivulet or water creek, encompaffing great part of the faid ground on the call fide, and on the weft, on lands of Wm. Buffinell, and others, and contains 89 acres; and the faid H. Holland hath made a carriage way, called Sloane Street, from Knightfbridge; and it would be beneficial to pave the faid ftreets. Qualification of commiffioners 30I. per ann. land, or occupier rated at 30I. or pofieffed of 2,0001. perfonal eftate. The oath. Meetings of the commiffioners; claufes as ufual. Reftri&ion as to revoking orders not to be altered, unlefs more commiffioners attend than before. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered in a book, and figned by a commiffioner. Officers to be appointed by commiffioners. Officers to account. Penalty on negleCt, commitment to the houfe of correction for 3 months, Sec. Property of pavements, Sec. veiled in commiffioners. Commiffioners to caufe the ftreets to be repaired, &c. Inhabitants to form, Sec. the ftreets, in the firft in-ftance. Lamps to be fet up. Commiffioners may contract for performing the works. Incroachments to be removed. Penalty on occalioning nui-fances, for every offence, 5 s. Penalty on leaving carriages, See. in the ftreets, 5 s. each offence. Hoards, See. may be ereCted. Watchmen to be appointed by commiffioners. Duty of watchmen, the fame as other watchmen, and to fecure fufpicious perfons, and perfons for afiaulting or refilling watchmen, penalty 5I. and victuallers permitting watchmen on duty to remain in their houfes, to forfeit 20 s. each offence. Power to water the ftreets. Annual fum to be paid to the furveyors of the highways for the parifh, in lieu of the highway rate, 4I. on Sept. 29, yearly. The ftreets and highways within the limits of the aCt to be repaired dif-tinCl from the other parts of the parifh. Money to be raifed by a rate of 2s. 6d. in the pound on houfes and gardens, and is. in the pound on other land, according to the poors rate, from June 24, 1790, to be paid to the treasurer. Empty houies to be charged with half rates. Proportion of rates to be paid by perfons removing. Recovery of rates by diftrefs and fale. Landlords to bear fo mufeh of the fate as fhall exceed 2s. in the pound. Commiffioners may borrow money, and affign the rates as a fe-< curity. Form of affignment. Money may be raifed by annuities at 101, per cent, per ann. Form of grant. Security may be transferred. Form of transfer. Application of the money. Recovery of penalties, by warrant.

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo GeorGII III. c. 77. [1790;

rant, to commit to gaol for three months. Inhabitants may give evidence. Appeal to general or quarter feflions on 5 days notice, in 4 months. Limi tation of adions, on 31 days notice, in 3 months. General ifiue. Treble cofts. Publick ad.

CAP. LXXVII.

An ad for the better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the city of Coventry, and the fuburbs thereof, and removing and preventing nui-fances and annoyances therein ; and for regulating the publick wells and pumps within the faid city and fuburbs*

3 Geo. 3. c. 41. Former ad repealed. Commifiioners appointed, the mayor of the city and others. Eledion of new commifiioners upon vacancies. Qualification of commifiioners to be appointed in future. Lands, See, 20I. per ann. perfonal, 400I. Commifiioners not to ad if interefted ; but may ad as juftices. Meetings of the commifiioners. Notice of meetings. Proceedings of the commifiioners to be done at meetings, and the majority at meetings (not being lefs than five) may ad. Proceedings to be entered in a book figned by the commifiioners. Commifiioners to appoint officers; and to take fecurity from their treafurer. Officers to account. On failure of accounting, &c. to be committed. Pavement, materials, See. veiled in the commifiioners. Commifiioners to caufe the ftreets to be paved, See. Wells and pumps to be regulated. Commifiioners to caufe lamps to be provided. No perfon to carry away foil, except con-trador. Inhabitants may keep dung, &c. for their own ufe. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps, or damaging the works, 40s. for each offence. Penalty on breaking lamps negligently or accidentally, to pay damage. Commifiioners may contrad for performing any of the works. Penalty on caufing annoyances in the ftreets, each offence 20s. (except ftalls in the women's market place, on market or fair days, and the crofic heaping, for eledions of members to parliament). Penalty on carriages, See. left in the ftreets, 20s. for each offence, (except the butchers rows). No fwine to be kept or flaughtered within the city. Time of emptying necefiary houfes direded. Commifiioners may remove projedions. See. Spouts and gutters of buildings not to projed. Pofts, fteps, rails, palifades, &c. to be removed. Notice to be given to occupiers before removing of projedions. See, Commifiioners may permit occupiers to remove projedions, &c. and allow them the expences. Not to extend to rubbifh occafioned by building. Owners of water pipes may take up the pavement to repair.the pipes. Commifiioners impowered to contrad for the purchafe of houfes, &c. Perfons interefted impowered to fell. Purchafe money belonging to corporations, Sec, to be laid out in purchafe of other eftates. Commifiioners to caufe buildings, &c. to be taken down; and the ground to be laid into the ftreets. Regulation of the watch (as ufual). Rates to be made by afieflors to be appointed by the commifiioners, not above is. 6d. in the pound. Rates on divided houfes. Publick buildings to be rated. By whom rates for publick buildings fhall be paid, by the proper officer. Al-fefibrs impowered to infped, See. vicars rates. Rates to be examined and confirmed by the commifiioners. Afieflors and colledors to obey commifiioners orders. Recovery of rates, by diftrefs and fale of goods, by warrant. Colledors to colled arrears of former rates, and to pay the money to the commifiioners. No colledor to ferve more than once in five years. St. Michael and St. John deemed one parifh. Exemptions from rates, gardens and orchards, in the city for fruit, &c. for fale, lands and empty houfes, flock in trade, money, and perfonal eftate. Rates apportioned between occupiers quitting and coming into the premifes. Power to mitigate rates, where rents do not exceed 3!. a year. Rates not to be lefs than is. 6d. in the pound, unlefs the creditors content. Appeals againft rates to the quarter feflions. No alteration in rates, but where over or under-rated. Three days notice of the time of appeal. Inhabitants paying the rates, difeharged from repairs of the ftreets. Com m if-fioners may borrow money, and aflign the rates as a fecurity. Form of

affign-

Hosted by Google

179°0 Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 78, 79.	139

affignment. Money may be raifed by annuities at 10I. per cent. Form of grant. Notice to be given of borrowing money. Securities ‘may be tranf-ferred. Form of transfer. Application of the money arifing by rates, to paving ftreets, cleanfing wells and pumps, paying annuities, and money borrowed. Limits of the ad afeertained. Suburbs to comprife Warwick Row, and buildings near Bifhop Street, fronting the foutli wall of Coventry canal, alfo the Priory and Miller’s Alley. Accounts to be made up annually. Actions may be brought in the name of the treafurer or clerk.

Affirmation of Quakers to be admitted. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied, by diftrefs and fale, and if not paid, may be committed for 3 months. Commiffioners may compound for penalties. General appeal to the quarter feffions. Inhabitants may be witnefies. Juftices may mitigate penalties. Limitation of adions. General iffue. Treble colts. Publick ad.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An aft to continue an aft^ made in the fixth year of his prefent Ma-jefiy s reign, intituled, An aft to regulate the loading of (hips with coals, in the ports of Newcafle and Sunderland.

WHEREAS an a51 was made, in the fixth year of his prefent Preamble.

Majefly, intituled., An aft to regulate the loading of fhips 6Geo.3-c.a2, with coals, in the ports of Newcafle and Sunderland \ which faid recited. aft was continued, and the term thereof enlarged, by another at7, paffed in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty^ intituled., An aft to con- i3Geo.3.c.22. tinue an aft, made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to regulate the loading of Jhips with coals, in the ports of Newcaftle and Sunderland: and whereas by another aft, paffed in the t wenty-feeond year of the reign of his faid Majefty, intituled, An aft aaGeo.3 0.34, to revive and continue an aft, paffed in the fixth year qf the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to regulate the loading of Jhips with coals in the ports of Newcaftle and Sunderland; the faid aft of the fixth year of his faid Majefly s reign was revived, and continued in full force and effet7, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then nextfejfon ofparliament: and whereas thefurther continuance of the faid aft of the fixth year of his faid Majefly will be of great publick utility; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid aft of The faid ad the fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign lhall be, and is here- of tlie 6ttl . by continued in full force and effeft until the twenty-fifth day of 3^contl' March one thoufand feyea hundred and ninety-feven, and from March 35, thence to the end of the then next feilion pf parliament,	1797,

C A P. LXXIX.

An ad for rebuilding the pariffi church of Eaft Grinftead, in the county

of Sufiex.

Church to be rebuilt. Trustees. Meetings of truftees. Notice to be given of meetings. Treafurer and other officers to be appointed by the truftees. Trultees to allot pews to the pariffiioners, having legal titles thereto. Trufte.cs may build the church by contrad. Trultees may make

rates,

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 80.	[1790.

rates, not above is. in the pound. Rates to be paid by landlord and tenant. Tenants paying rates for landlords may deduCt the fame out of the rent. Collectors to account. Rates to be levied in cafe of refufal or neg-leCt to pay them, by difti efs and fale. Perfons quitting their houfes without paying the rates may be followed. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Collectors may infpeCt poor rates, and land tax af-feffments. Truftees may raile money by fale of annuities, or by mortgaging the rates, not to exceed 4,000!. Names of annuitants and of lenders of money upon the rates to be entered in books. Annuities exempt from taxes. Annuities may be affigned. Rates may be affigned for money borrowed. Form of alignment. Old materials veiled in the truftees, to be difpofed of for the purpoles of the aCt. Accounts to be kept. Election of new truftees, by the remaining truftees. Truftees having any contract difabled from aCting. Expences of the aCt to be paid out of the money arifing. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Tender of amends may be made for any trefpafs. Proceedings not to be removed by Certio* rari. Limitation of actions. General iftue. Treble cofts. Publick aCt.

CAP. LXXX.

An aCt for providing a workhoufe for, and for the better relief and employment of the poor of, the parilh of Streatham, in the county of Surrey ; and for appointing an additional overfeer for the better government of the poor of the faid parilh.

42 guardians of the poor appointed, belides the lord of the manor of Tooting Beck, and of the manor of Leigham, in the parilh of Streatham, and the reCtor, churchwardens, and overfeers of the poor of the faid parilh, to be truftees for the workhoufe. Election of new guardians. The lords of Tooting Beck, and Leigham, and the reCtor of Streatham, to be guardians for life. Five to be a quorum of the guardians. Meetings of guardians. Guardians to defray their own expences at meetings, &c. Occafional meetings. A chairman to be chofen. Bye-laws may be made; to be entered in a book with other proceedings. No bye-law, See. to be repealed, unlefs by a greater number than made it. Guardians not to aCt while holding any office or contract. Guardians to fue and be fued in the name of their treafurer. Officers. For raifing money, not exceeding 4>oool. in the whole, by annuities for life, at iol. per cent. Money raifed how to be charged, on the poors rates. Annuities, &c. affignable. Workhoufe to be provided. Guardians may make contracts. Contracts, See. to be entered in a book. Churchwardens, See. to anfwer the treafurer’s drafts. For appointing an additional overfeer; falary not to exceed iool. per ann.; his continuance in office for a year, and manner of appointing fucceffors, by guardians. Oath to be taken by the additional overfeer; his power, the fame as other overfeers. One of the churchwardens to be treafurer to receive from the collector, and to pay to the additional overfeer. Accounts to be audited. Penalty on overfeers not collecting rates. Overfeers to pay the money collected to the treafurer. Money left to charitable ufes to be applied by guardians according to the will of the donor. Additional overfeer may be difmiffed for negleCt of duty. For protecting the additional overfeer in the execution of his office, juftices may enquire into any complaint, and may puniffi the party offending, by fine not above 40s. nor lefs than 10s. to be applied to the ufe of the poor. Additional overfeer not to furnifh any thing for the poor, on penalty of iol. and not •lefs than 40s. Poor to be fet to work, on mifbehaviour may be put to hard labour for 30 days, and fubjeCt to moderate correction. Workhoufe, furniture, See. veiled in the guardians. Penalty on buying, &c. cloaths, Ac. furniffied for the poor, 5I. and not lefs than 40s. One or more of the guardians to aCt when the additional overfeer is abfent, Sec. Punifhment of poor mifbehaving themfelves, abatement of diet, diftinCtion of drCfs, and by folitary confinement. Encouragement to be given to the induftri-ous poor, out of their earnings. Guardians to grant certificates; and take bonds for the maintenance of baftard children. Children taken in to be

appren-

Hosted by Google

179°-] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 81.

apprenticed* Children may be difcharged or hired out. Poor may be employed in harveft work. Inhabitants may be witnefies. Recovery and application of penalties, by diftrefs and fale of goods, by warrant gratis, and oaths gratis, and in default of diftrefs, imprifonment, with an appeal to the quarter fefiions. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Form of conviction. Paying expences of the adt. Limitation of actions. General iftue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. LXXXI.

An adt for providing a new poor houfe for, and for the better relief and government of the poor of, the townftiip of Manchefter, in the county of Lancafter.

Churchwardens and overfeers to put the adt in execution. Firll meeting. Adjournment of meetings. Churchwardens and overfeers to be fworn. Oath. Monthly meetings. Bufinefs of monthly meetings. Quarterly meetings. Bufinefs of quarterly meetings. Special meetings. Churchwardens, &c. to defray their own expences. Prefent poor houfe vcfted in churchwardens, &c. Power to fell the fame. Purchafers not anfwerable for the money paid. Governors and other officers. Clergyman. Allowances to officers. Form of Appointment. Vilitors. Churchwardens, Sec. may purchafe lands, not more than two acres of land in the townfhip of Manchefter, or within two miles thereof. Poor houfe to be provided. Exempted from taxes. Incapacitated perfons enabled to convey. Money paid for fuch lands,- &c. to be laid out in other lands, &c. to be fettled to the fame ufes. Tenant at will, or for a year, to deliver up premifes on fix months notice. On default, the flierifF to deliver polfeflion. Provifo relative to lands purchafed not in the townfhip, to be deemed as if therein, whilft ufed as a poor houfe. Churchwardens, Sec. may contract for build-? ing and furnifhing poor houfes. Notice of meeting for contracts. Contracts, See. to be entered in books. Churchwardens, &c. not to contract, or ferve the poor houfe with provifions, on penalty of 40I. Property in the furniture, See. vefted in the churchwardens, Sec. Actions rel'peCting the property to be brought by the churchwardens. No abatement of actions by death of churchwardens, Sec. Inhabitants and poor may be competent witnefjes. Churchwardens, Sec. enabled to borrow money, in fums not lefs than 50I. nor more than iool. at as low intereft as can be got, and to afiign the rates as a fecurity. Form of aflignment. No priority in payments. Churchwardens may grant annuities. No annuity to be granted to perfons under 45 years old, at 9I. per cent, under 50 years, at iol. per cent, under 60, at 12I. per cent. Form of grant. Annuities to be paid out of rates. Securities transferable. Form of transfer. Securities to be entered in a book. Power to borrow a further fum, as may be wanted. Payment of the principal, at the rate of 5I. for every iool. No preference in payments. Churchwardens and’ overfeers may make rules. Sec. Rules to be confirmed by two juftices. Notice to be given before any meetings of the parilhioners. Order to be delivered on admiflion into the poor houfe. Poor, Sec. may be punilhed for milbehaviour. Penalty on perfons taking in pawn clothes or materials, to forfeit not more than 10J. nor lefs than 40s.; a moiety to the informer, the other for the purpofe of this aCt. In default of payment, to be levied on their goods. If no diftrefs, may be committed for % months. Poor, Sec. may be employed. Children provided for. Children apprenticed. Juftices may order relief to perfons out of the poor houfe. Idle or diforderly perfons to be punifhed. juftices may appoint additional overfeers. Form of convi&ion. Poor laws in force. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflions. Appeals not to fuf-pend payment of rates. Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of form. Limitation of actions. General iftue. Treble cofts. Expences of this adt how to be paid. Publick adt.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

Anno regnmicefimo Georgii III. c. 82.	[1790.

CAP. LXXXII.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Merthyr Tid-vile, to and through a place called The Bank, near the town of Cardiff", in the county of Glamorgan.

Company of proprietors, 73. Their powers, to make a canal, from Merthyr Tidvile through the parifhes of Lanvabon, Eglwyfilan, Whitchurch, Landaff, and St. John, and St. Mary in Cardiff, through the Bank, to be fupplied by all the brooks, &c. within 2,000 yards. Power to make inclined planes. No road or foot path to be made on the weft fide of the canal at Cardiff caftle, &c. Lord Plymouth’s mills and iron works not to be injured by taking water from the Taff river. The extent of the dam on the aqueduft not lefs in crown than 40 feet. Reftriftions refpefting the line of the canal at Melin Griffith, through the lands of Harford & Co. at Melin Griffith, as near the hill as may be, and not above 12 feet wide, for 100 yards above the bridge over Taff to the upper end of the garden ground belonging to Melin Griffith works. A weir at the fide of the canal, Which the proprietors of the works are to repair. Reftriftions refpefting Pentyrch works between the Brook at Nantgarw turnpike and the faid weir. Where carriage roads are injured, &c. others to be made. No houfe, &c. to be injured. Width of the canal and towing-paths, 26 yards in breadth, and in lbme places 60 yards, except on commons, &c. Corporations, Sec. empowered to fell lands for the purpofes of the aft. Mines found in lands purchafed for the canal to belong to the fellers. Commifiioners qualifications, real eftates in the county of Glamorgan, iool. per ann. or per-fonal 2,oool« If parties are diffktisfied with determination of commifiioners, a jury to be fummoned. Expences of jury. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint. Verdifts, Sec. to be recorded. Application of the purchafe money belonging to corporations, &c. Commifiioners to fettle proportions. Sec. Annual rents charged upon the rates. Proprietors may raife 6o,oool. to carry on the work. Money to be divided into 600 fhares, and to be deemed perfonal eftate. If that fum is not fufficient, more may be raifed by calls upon themfelves, 30,0001. by calls. Navigation and rates may be affignea. Form of alignment. Aflignments may be transferred. Form of transfer. Proprietors to receive 5I. per centum, till Canal is finifhed. Intereft upon mortgages to be paid prior to dividends. Subfcribers to have a vote for every fhare. Form of the appointment of a proxy. General afiemblies for choofing committees, the ift. Wednefday in June in every year. Committees lubjeft to controul of general aflembly. Perfons in office, difqualified from ferving on committees. Accounts to be kept by committees. General afiemblies to confift of 300 fhares. Other powers of general afiemblies. Proprietors not anfwering calls, fubjeft to a penalty, or forfeiture of their fhares. Shares not forfeited without perfonal notice.. Company may remove members of the committee; and make bye-lawk. On the death of proprietors before fhare compleated, executors may’do it. Shares niay be difpofed of. After a call, no (hare to be fold till the money paid. Form of conveyance of fhares. Company to appoint officers. Proceedings of the commifiioners to be entered. Rates may be collefted. Rates, for ftone, iron, timber, goods, wares, and merchandize, (except iron ftone, iron ore, coal, lime ftone, lime, and all kinds of manure) not above 3d. per ton per mile, and in proportion for greater or lefs: for iron ftone, iron ore, coal, lime ftone, lime, and manure, 2d. per ton per mile. Ships paffing the lock at the Bank to be charged with one penny per ton. Recovery of rates. Payment for wharfage for certain articles. Proprietors may alter rates. Profits not to exceed 81. per centum per annum. Mafter of boats to give account of particulars of fading. What quantity of timber fhall be deemed a ton, 40 feet of oak, aih, elm, or beech, and 50 feet of fir or deal balk, poplar or birch, not cut into fcantlings. In cafe of difference concerning weight, colleftor6 may weigh veflels. Weight of the lading of vefiels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Mafters accountable for damage done by the crew. Navigation to be free upon payment of tolls. For fencing off tow-

Hosted by G< gle

I790-] Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 83.

ing paths, and making bridges, Sec. In cafe company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, Sec. land owners may do it at the company’s expence. If bridges, See. made by the company are inefficient, land owners may make others. Company may cleanle the adjoining wa-tercourfe at the land owners expence. Power to make rail-ways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal and collateral cuts. Such cuts not to be made without confent of owners of lands. Lords of manors and land owners may ere# warehoufes, Sec. on their lands. If lords of manors negle# to ere# warehoufes, See. the commiffioners may do it. Regulations as to private wharfs, to pay id. per ton. Committee to regulate the navigation. Penalty on perfons overloading and obftru#ing the navigation. Penalty on opening locks, See. Punifhing perfons wilfully deftroying works, as felons guilty of petit larceny. Canal not to be fubje# to commiffioners of fewers. How proprietors fhall be taxed for purchafed lands. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fifhery referved. Penalty on unqualified perfons on board having nets. Owners and occupiers of lands may ufe pleafure and hufbandry boats free of the rates. Commiffioners to be lworn. The oath. Commiffioners may a# as juftices ; but not where interefted, Sec. Notice of commiffioners meeting. General meeting of commiffioners. Special meeting of the commiffioners. No meeting to determine difputes, Sec. but within five miles of the canal. To compel payment of fubferiptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of a#ions. General iffue. Treble cofts. The like rates to be paid for (hips coming into the bafon, as if they came into the port of Cardiff. Publick a#.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An a# for impowering perfons navigating boats, barges, and other veffels, in the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, to hale or tow with horfes, or other beafts, on the banks or fea walls of the f-iidriver; and for making fatisfa#ion to the owners of the faid banks or fea walls.

93 commiffioners, 5 to be a quorum. Meetings appointed, the ift. Wed* nefday in May, yearly. For calling meetings in cafe no adjournment fhall have been made. Commiffioners to raife money by tolls for fatisfying land owners, and other expences of the a#. Ascertaining the tolls, to be paid 4d* for coals or cinders per chaldron, Lynn meafure; lime per chaldron; half hundred of deals, fpars, or balks; battens, laths, half deals, pipe ftaves, or pailing, per hundred, fir timber, per load,, 50 feet to the load, calliper mea-fure; oak timber, 40 feet to the load, 3 wainfeot logs, 2 mahogany logs, 500 bricks, 500 tiles, a pipes of wine, a puncheons of rum, a pieces of brandy or geneva, 8 packs of wool, ten tods to the pack, half a laft of wheat, rye, peafe, beans, barley, rapefeed, linfeed, colefeed, muftard feed, or hemp-leed; oats, barley, or bigg, per laft; reed, fedge, hay, flax, or hemp, per load, ao hundred weight to the load; a dozen of flag ftones, a thoufand turves, and ao feet of ftone, and all other goods, per ton weight, haled by horfes between King’s Lynn and Denver Sluice. Table of tolls to be hung up. Watermen to give account of cargoes to colle#ors. Colle#ors, trea-furers, Sec. to be appointed. Colle#ors to give conftant attendance. For towing between Salters Load and Denver Sluice only, to pay id. Perfons paying tolls to receive tickets of officers, Sec. Punifhment for trefpaffes, to forfeit 20s. and not lefs than 5s. or one month’s imprifonment. Land owners not to feize horfes. One horfe only to tow from one line. See. except from St. German’s Bridge to Cam’s Gool; and from the ftile north of Lubbock’s 9 acres in Wiggenhall, as far as his meffuage; and from Patrick’s Stile, north of Chadd's 6 acres, to the north fide of Polver Gool; and from Pleftow’s Bank, in Skinner’s Drain, to the fouth end of Edgar’s Bank, and from the bridge of Wiggenhall to 30 yards beyond Chadd’s Stile, alfo from Pleftow’s meffuage, to the ift. jetty, and from the ift. ftile at Bell’s houfe, to a place oppofite the workhoufe, and from Bell’s marfti, to Vernon’s land, and from Holme Gool to the fouth end of Holme town bank; and from lady Harris’s Stile, to oppofite Crabb’s Ab-

Hosted by Google

J44

Anno regni tricefimo Georgii III. c. 83.	[1790.

bey, from all which places to tow with horfes, See. only the violence of the flood or ebb of tide, or ftrefs of weather, (hall render it neceflary. Regulating the manner of towing, for 30 chaldrons, or tons, one horfe; to 60 inclufive, two horfes; 60 to 90, three horfes; 90 to no, four horfes. No towing on counter Ihores. Not to tow with more than two lighters abreaft. Not to hale upon or faften vefiels to bridges. Owner’s names, See. to be painted on boats. A ring to be painted around the malts. Owners of barges, &c. made anfwerable for damages done by their fervants, Scc. Appointment of new commifiioners. Not to difqualify any of the three Bedford Level commiflioners, Sec. Provifo. Diftribution of the money to be paid for fatisfadion to land owners. Reliduum or furplus of tolls to be applied in aid of future tolls. For auditing the accounts. Land owners in each diftrid to appoint a perfon to receive their fhare for them. Stiles on banks not to exceed three feet, Scc. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefiions. In cafe the courfe of river changes, like compenfation for new banks, Scc. Recovery of penalties. Fines, forfeitures, &c. how to be applied, towards fatisfying land owners.* Limitation of actions to fix months, Sec. General ifiiie. Treble cofts. Ad not to affed the power of eommifiioners of fewers. Publiek ad.

AN’

Hosted by Google*

a to

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

TO THE

FIRST PART OF the XXXVIIth VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE;

Pafled in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George III.; in the Year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, being the feventh Seffion of the fixteenth Parliament of Great Britain^ which began the twenty-firft Day of January, in the laid Year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, and ended by Diffolution on the twelfth Day of June, in the lame year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

A.

Actions.

1.	QEE Orders of Council refpeding O the importation and exportation of corn and grain. Chap. i. f. 2.

2.	Actions limited. See Churches [Brijlol). Chap. 20. f. 31. See Water [Norwich). Chap. 21. f. 8. See Poor [Suffolk). Chap. 22. f. 63. See Paving (Honiton). Chap. 25. f. 41.

3.	Actions limited (to be laid in Pembrokefhire). See Hamilton (Sir

W.) Chap. 55.

4.	Actions againft commiflioners or committee men. Chap. 53, f. 68. See Paving [Wefttninjler). Chap. 53. f. 68.

jiddrejfes of the Houfe of Commons.

48,424/. 155. granted to makegood addreflfes to the houfe of commons. Chap. 32. f. 21.

Africa.

I.	13,000/. granted for maintaining Vol, XXXVII.

♦

forts and fettlements on the coaft of Africa. Chap. 32. f. 23.

2.	9x0/. paid for priming the reports of the African trade. Chap. 32.

America.

1.	See Orders of Council, refpeding the governor general of America. Chap 1. f. 1.

2.	Articles enumerated may be exported from London, Brijlcl, Liverpool, and Gtjfgciv to the King’s lugar colonies in America, viz. 5,057 quarters of beans, 2,780 quarters of oars, 1,160 quarters of oatmeal, 815 quarters of peas, 167 quarters of rye, 285quarters of wheat, and 8,922 quarters of wheat flour, by diredion of the privy council to the lords of trade, &c. Chap. 1. f. 5.

3.	Ships laden at London with wheat, *&c. for the fugar colonies in America before publication of the order in council of Dec. 23, 1789, and at other ports before receipt at the cuftom houfe, may proceed on their voyages. Chap. 1. f. 8.

See Quebec, Chap. 8*

L	4.	Ads

Hosted by Google

146	Arne

4.	A<5ls 23 Geo. 3. c. 39. and 24Geo.

3.	c. 45. fo far as relates to the

, commerce between this kingdom and the united ftates of America, continued till April 5, 1791, but may be repealed this feffion. Chap. 11. f. 1.

5.	If iron, hemp, failcloth, or other articles from any place bordering on the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this kingdom, if exported contrary to law; or if any goods are imported from the united ftates of America not permitted by law, and alfo goods imported from thofe ftates contrary to law, all tube forfeited, and to be recovered and applied in the places where inch offences are committed. Chap. 1 r. f. 2.

6.	This a61 continued till April 5, 1791, but may be repealed this i'efih>n. Chap. 11. f. 5.

7.	For encouraging new fettlers in the King’s colonies and plantations in America. Chap. 27. See 28 Geo 3. c. 6. and c. 39. amended.

8.	See United States of America. Same a 61.

9.	All fales of negroes, houfehold furniture, &c. fo imported, made within twelve months after importation, to be void. Same a£l, f. 2.

10.	All white perfons coming to re-ftde to take the oath of allegiance if upwards of 14 years old. Same acSlyf. 3.

11.	238,279/. 91. 2d. 2q. granted by parliamem for American fufferers, due OttGber 10, 1790, on all the ord rs bv virtue of a6t 28 Geo. 3. c. 44,. Chap. 32, f. 24.

12.	1,900/. iffued by the fame to the fecretary ot the commifTioners for enquiring into the Ioffes of the American loyaiifts. Chap. 32. f. 24.

13.	3,162/. $s. bd. paid to the com-miffioners to inquire in America in-to Ioffes of fufferers there. Same adh

14.	35,785/. 151. bd. more granted

Ante

for relief of the American fufferers. Same adf.

15.	49,556/. 17s. bd. granted for lands in Georgia ceded to \\\z Americans. Same acft.

16.	Two of the commifTioners appointed for enquiring into the Ioffes of American fufferers to tranfmit to the treafury by July 5, 1790, books made up in the manner directed, containing the names and additions of all perfons who have produced fatisfadlory evidence of their Ioffes, with the amount thereof, as ascertained by the commifTioners; abating therefrom, in the cafe of all perfons coming within any of the claffes defcribed in the ftatement of the claims examined by the commifTioners, under the titles of loyaiifts, who have rendered fer-vices to Great Britain ; loyaiifts who bore arms in the fervice of Great Britain; loyaiifts zealous and uniform; loyaiifts who took oaths to the American ftates, or bore arms, but afterwards ioined the Britifh\ and loyaiifts fuftaining Ioffes under the prohibitory a6h, 10/. per cent, of fuch part thereof as fhall exceed 10,000/. where the amount of fuch Ioffes fhall not be above 35,000/. and alfo abating therefrom in the cafe of the claimants under the will of John earl of Granville 40/. per cent, ot fuch partthereofas fhall exceed 10,000/.; and in the cafe of Robert lord Fairfax 201, per cent, of luch part as fhall exceed 10,coo/.; and likewife abating therefrom fuch fums as fuch fufferers have already received or fhall receive before July 5, 1790, towards making good their Ioffes, Chap. 34, f. 1.

17.	And the commilTioners for enquiring into loftcs by the ceftion of Ea/i Florida to Spain, ate likewife to tranfmit fuch book by the fame day, containing the names and additions of ail perfons who have

isf

Hosted by Google

Ame

produced fatisfadfory evidence of their Ioffes fettled by the faid com-miflioners refpe<5lively, abating therefrom fuch fums as the faid fufferers have already* received towards making good their Ioffes. Same a<5f, and f.

18.	And the treafury is to direct the exchequer to make out (landing orders for the fums fet againff the names of the fufferers refpe&ively (for which no tallies fhall be ffruck) to carry 3/. ioj. per cent, intereff from July 5, 1788, and the principal and intereff to be paid off by half-yearly inffalments, to begin April, i, 1791, and to abate the intereff in proportion; and by warrant to the auditor of the exchequer to be paid out of the money remaining there for the year in which fuch intereff and inffalments fhall become due. Chap. 34.

19.	The fum for which every order for 50/. and the equimulriples of 50/. fhall be entitled by inftal-ments of 61. 5s. per cent, together with half a.year’s intereff on the fum unpaid each half-year, when the proportion is diredfed to be paid off. Chap. 34. f. i.

2C. Orders affignable, and all under 50/. to be directed to be paid on Oftober 10, 1790. Same a<51, f. 2.

21.	Commiffioners to deliver certi-

v ffcates to the fufferers of the fum

'to which they are inritied to be carried to the auditor of the exchequer, who is to deliver the order and take a receipt to difeharge the fame; which orders a e to be numbered arithmetically, and theclaufes of the malt adt to extend to this adf. Same adl, f. 4.

22.	Treafury may diredl new orders where filled up by writing or indorsements; or by accident defaced, and may reward perfons employed under this adl; and if fupplies not granted tor payment of orders, they are to be paid out of the cdnfoli-

Ann	147

dated fund, to be replaced out of the firff fupplies. Chap. 34. f. 7. See Rape Seed. Chap. 41.fi x. See Annuities (Penn, IV,) Chap. 46.

Annuities.

1.	The King enabled to grant to the reverend Francis IVillis an annuity of 1,000/. per arm. for 2r years, to be paid out of any hereditary or temporary revenues ufually applied to the expencesof civil government, and to be paid clear of all charges. Chap. 44.

2.	For converting annuities, attended with the benefit of furvivorfhip in claffes effablifhed by acl 29 Geo. 3. c. 41. into certain annuities for an abfolute term of years; and to enable the treafury to nominate lives for the (hares fo converted. Chap. 45.

3.	Till Sept. 30, 1790, certificates under the att 29 Geo. 3. c. 41. may be exchanged for certificates for annuities of 4/. 5<. for every 100/. 5*. for 69 years and one quarter, from Oft. 10, 1790, and the auditor on receiving luch certificates to give a receipt for the principal and inhered to Oft. 10, 1790, and to file fuch certificates in his office, and in lieu thereof to make out a diflindi certificate in refpedl of every \ooh 5s. to the bank for the amount of the principal fums contained in the certificate filed,'and no tec or (lamp duty; and every fuch certificate to intitle the petfon poffeffed to enjoy an annuity at the rate of 41 5*. per ann. on every 100/. 5;. expi elfed therein, to commence Oft. 10, 1790, and to continue 69 years and one quarter, payable half yearly, April 5, and Oft. 10, for the find term, and then toceafe. Chap. 45. f. 1.

4.	The names of perfons who have delivered certificates at the bank, and theffums to he entered in a

L 2	book.

i4$	^nn

book, of which a duplicate is to he lent to the exchequer by April 5,

1791.	Same a6t, f. 2.

5.	The principal Turns in certificates to be carried to the credit of the owner in the bank books, and payable free of taxes out of the con* folidated fund with intereft accordingly; and thetreafury may order the money to iffue at the exchequer, and the accomptant general of the bank to examine the cafhiers ac-compt. The annuities to be deemed perfonal eftate, and books to be kept at the bank for entering transfers and alignments, and the annuities may be bequeathed by will, and transfers not chargeable with (damp duties. Same a£t, f. 10.

6.	From Oct. 10, 1790, thefe annuities to be added to the joint flock of annuities granted by the 1 & 2 Geo. 3. and immediately after the auditor of the exchequer to certify to the treafury the number of certificates filed, he. Same ad.

7.	And the treafury may for every 100/. 5r. therein, name the life of fome perfon by that day; during which lives refpedively, to be re* ferved at the receipt of the exchequer for the ufe of the publick, at the time of payment the like annuity with the benefit of furvivorfhip in ciaffes as any contributor would be intitled to by the faid ad, in rcfped of an equal number of fhares thereof; which annuity, as the fame grows due, to be made part of the confolidated fund at the rate of 4/. 5s. per cent, under this ad, and charged thereon. Chap. 45. r. 12.

The treafury to feled their nominees from the peers of Great Britain or Ireland, or their children or grand-children, or baronets in England or Scotland, or .lords of manors in England or Wales, or who are in the commiffion of the peace for any county or riding in

Ann

England or Wales, or their children, or spiritual perfons promoted to a biftioprick, deanery, archdeaconry, prebend, or other dignity in any cathedral or other church, or be-neficed with any parfonage, vicarage, or donative in England, or a fellowfhip in any college or hall in either univerfity of Oxford or Cambridge, governors of the Charter Houfe, Foundling HofpitaU or Cbrijl’s Hofpital, or perfons regiftered in the Amicable Society for infurance on lives in Serjeant's Inn, Fleet Street, whofe names, places of abode, and ages, are fet forth in fuch regifter; and all perfons appointed by three commiflioners of the treafury out of the orders, degrees, or focieties mentioned, to be deemed nominees for whofe lives are to be referved for the ufe of the publick, at the receipt of the exchequer with benefit of furvivorfhip, in manner aforefaid, as fully as if appointed under this a£t. Chap. 45. f. 13.

9.	The treafury to deliver to the exchequer a copy of the regifter of the births of nominees, and certificates of their names, he. copies of which are to be given by any fociety or company, he. on application from the treafury; and appointments of nominees in writing by the treafury, to he fufficient warrant for admitting fuch nomination, he. Chap. 45.

10.	Treafury to tranfemt half-yearly lifts of nominees to the place where each reftdes, and the minifter to return a certificate of the lives then exifting; and the exchequer to fet apart for the ufe of the publick the half-yearly dividends on lives of

, nominees. If nominees be in the army the commanding officer, if in the navy the admiralty to certify, if at the univerfity the certificate of the mafter. fufficient; and when the auditor (hall have certified to the treafury the number of nominees.

Hosted by Google

Ann

they are to diftribute them in the feveral clafles in proportion to the nominees by contributors, viz. into fix clafles, their names to be writ-ten ondiftindt pieces of paper, put into fix boxes, and drawn out till a fufficient number to fill up the proportion of nominees for the publick, &c. (whereof notice to be given in the Gazette) and none but refident natives of Great Britain to be nominees for the publick. Chap. 45. r. 19.

11.	The auditor in the half-yearly accounts of deaths of nominees to keep a diftind account of thofe appointed by the treafury, and thofe by contributors; and out of the confolidated fund the treafury to difcharge all expences attending this ad, and no fee to be taken for converting life annuities to a term for years on penalty of 20/. Chap.

45.	f. 22.

12.	Forging or altering certificates, a capital forgery, and defendants in adions may plead the general iffue, and have treble cofts. Same ad, f. 24.

13.	An annuity of 4,000/. per ann. fettled and fecured for the ufe of the heirs and defendants of TVnu Penn efq; the original proprietor of Penn-fylvania, in confideration of the meritorious fervices of the faid Wi:i. Penn and the lodes which his family have fuftained in confequence of the unhappy diflentions in Ame-rica\ to be iflued quarterly out of the confolidated fund to f¥m. Baker and Andrew Allen efqrs. in truft for John Penn of Stoke Pogis and John Penn of Wimpole Street, to commence Jan. 5, 1790, by treafury warrant to the auditor of the exchequer, to make out debentures for the faid annuity without fee, and not determinable on the King’s demife. Chap. 46. f. 1.

14.	Truftees forthwith to convey 3,000/. thereof to John Pennoi Stoke

Bah	149

Pogis and 1,000/. other part thereof,

to John Penn of IVimpole Street, and in the mean time to receive the faid annuity, and to pay the fame to the proper parties free from taxes, and to be confidered as real property out of land in Middlefex, and the conveyance to be inrolled in chancery, and entered with the auditor of the exchequer; and the truftees anfwerable for their own acts only, and may reimburfe their neceflary expences. Chap. 46. f. 11.

appeals.

See Churches (Brijiol). Chap. 20. f. 29. See Paving (Honiton). Chap.

25.	f. 40. See Poor (Suffolk). Chap* 22. f. 61. See Paving (IVejiminJier). Chap. 53. f. 65.

Appropriation of Supplies.

1.	2,300,000/. iffued out of the confolidated fund on exchequer bills, &c. Chap. 32. f. 1.

2.	621,151/. 1 s. 3d. 24. furplus of the confolidated fund, and 34,000/. of foreign fecret fervice money, to be applied towards the fupplies of the year 1790. Same act, f. 10.

3.	Malt duty, land tax, 3,500,000/. loans, 2,000,000/. further loans, 790,937/. ioj. on vote of credit,

1,000,000/. to be applied (with the refidue by fale of French prizes) to the ufes mentioned in this adt. Chap. 32. f. 11. See Officers. Chap. 32. f. 28.

Arkwright (Sir Richard)

Intitled to mines difcovered in his lands in cutting the Cromford canal. Chap. 56. f. 23.

B.

Bahama IJlands.

4,080/. granted by parliament for fupponingthe civil government of the L3	Bahama

150	Bri

Babamaiihnds, in addition to the fala-ries, now paid to the publick officers, out of the duty fund from Jan. 1, J790, to 1791. Chap. 32. f. 23.

Baltic.

See America. Chap. 11. f. 2.

Banburyi (Oxfordfhire).

See Churches. Chap. 72.

Banks or Sea Walls.

See Rivers, Navigable (Ouze, Afrr-Chap. 83.

Bermuda.

580/. granted by parliament to the chief juftice of Bermuda or Somers9 ifiands from June 24, 1790, to the fame day in j79 r. Chap. 32.

Birmingham and Fazeley.

See Canals, (Navigable). Chap. 60.

Bonds.

See Tin. Chap. 4.

AW Windows.

See Paving (Wejlminjler). Chap.

53-	59-

Bradford, ( ).

See Water. Chap. 63.

Breton, Cape (America).

2,100/. granted by parliament for the civil eftablifhment of the ifland of CVzp* Breton. Chap. 32. f. 23.

Brijtol', (City of).

See Churches. Chap. 20.

Burial Ground.

See Churches (St. James's, Wejlmin• r). Chap. 70.

Burnt.

See Women (convifted). Chap. 48.

3*

c. *

Canals, (Navigable).

FORcarrying intoexecution two a6fs,i6Geo.3.c.66.and 25Geo.

3.	c. 87. for making a navigable canal from the Stourbridge navigation to the Birmingham, and A/r-mingham and Fazeley navigations in Worceferfbire and St afford five, and io, 100/. raifed on the new proprietors. Chap. 60.

. Aft of laft feffion, Chap. 74. for a navigable canal from Grom ford Bridge, 'Derbyfhire, to join with Ereivojh canal at Langley Bridge, and alfo a collateral cut from the fame canal at Codnor Park Mill near Pinxton Mill, in the fa id county, altered and amended. Chap. 56.

3.	The company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, enabled to vary the line of the faid canal, and to raife a further fum of 200,000/. for completing thereof. Chap. 65.

4.	For making a navigable canal from Merthyr Ttdvilc to and through the bank near the town of Cardiff, Glamorgan [hire. Chap. 82.

Cape of Good Hope.

See Tin. Chap. 4.

Cardiff, [Glamorganfhire).

See Canals, (Navigable). Chap. 82.

Carew, (ReginaldPole).

See Ferries. Chap. 6i»

Cajhew

Hosted by Google

Chu Cajhew Gum.

SzzJVefi Indies. Chap. 28.

Catterick and Tunftal, (Yorkfhire).

Stz Strickland. Chap. 51.

Certificates.

See Annuities. Chap. 45. f. 2.

Certiorari.

See Paving, (Wefimmfier). Chap.

53. f. 65.

Cheifea, (5/. Luke's).

See Streets. Chap. 76.

Churches.

I. For rebuilding the parifh church and tower of 5/. Thomas within the city ot Brfiol. Chap. 20.

2« A chapel at Ramfgate in the parifh of Lawrences in the ifle of Thanet, in Kent, eftablifhed as a chapel of cafe to the church of the fame parish tor ever. Chap. 64

3.	The curate to read prayers twice every Sunday, and to adminifter the facrament as often as required by law in a parochial church, and read prayers in the morning every Wednefday and Friday from the beginning of Lent to Michaelmas, and on all faints days throughout the year, and to preach two fermons every Sunday, except when the facrament is adminiftered, and then only one. Same acf, f. 5.

4.	The truftees in cafe of a vacancy to be appointed by the furvivors with the approbation of the arch-bifhop of Canterbury. Same aft, f. Ji.

5.	The rights of the archbifhop and archdeacon of Canterbury) a nd vicar of St. Lawrence, faved. Same aft, r. 15.

6.	The aft of the 28 Geo. 3. c. 10.

Com	151

for building a church at St. James, Clerkenivell, amended, and the powers enlarged; and for purchafing Pentonville chapel, and making the fame a chapel of eafe to the church. Chap. 69.

7.	The aft of the 29 Geo. 3. c. 47. for providing an additional burial ground for the parifh of Sr. Jamesy Wefiminfier ; and directing a chapel adjoining for the refidence ot a clergyman to officiate there, amended. Chap. 70.

8.	For taking down the church and tower of the parifh of St. John% Hackney; and for building another church and tower for the ufe of the faid parifh, and for making an additional cemetery or church yard. Chap. 71.

9.	For taking down the church, chancel and tower of the parifh of Banbury in Oxfordfime, and for rebuilding the fame. Chap. 72.

10.	For rebuilding the parifh church of EafiGrinfieadinSuffex. Chap. 79.

Circuits.

See Scotland. Chap, 17,

Clerkenwell, (St. James's).

See Churches. Chap. 69.

Coals.

Aft 6 Geo. 3. c. 22. to regulate the loading of fhips with coals in the ports of Newcafile and Sunderland continued till March 25, 1797. Chap. 78.

Codnor Park Mill.

See Canals♦ Chap. 56.

Colneis and Carlford.

See Poor. Chap. 22.

Commijfioners.

See Land Tax. Chap. 13. See

L 4	Forcjh.

Hosted by Google

152	Can

Forejls. Chap. 50. f, 7. See America. Chap. 32. f. 24. Chap. 34. See Slaves. Chap. 33. f. 13. See Cnjloms. Chap. 43.

Commons, {Houfe of).

See Parliament. Chap. 10.

Compofiticns.

See ForeJIs. Chap. 30. f. 3.

Ccnfolidated Fund.

See Ttf*. Chap. 2. f. 159. See Malt Duty. Chap. 3. f. 47. 66- See Parliament. Chap. 10. f. 4, 5, 6. See Exchequer Bills. Chap. 15. f. 4. Chap. 16. f. 4. See	&7.

Chap. 24 f. 4. See Appropriation of Supplies. Chap. 32. f. 1.

1.	2,300,000A to be iffuedout of this fund to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the faid fund and not to be rated to any tax. Chap. 32. f. 2.

2.	621,151/. is. 3d. 2q. furplus of the confolidated fund. Chap. 32. f. 10. See America. Chap. 34. f. 10. See Licences, Chap. 38. f. 17. See 2?^-nuities. Chap. 45. f. 21.

Convitts.

1.	6,888/. 7X. 6^. iffued to Henry Bradley for convids at Plymouth. Chap 32.

2.	33,288/. 15s. 6d. \o David Campbell for keeping the convids on the river Thames. Chap. 32. f. 24.

3.	The King enabled to authorife his governor or lieutenant governor of the place beyond the teas, to which felons or other offenders may be tranfported, to remit the fentence of fuch offenders, and a duplicate of the inbrument remitting fuch fentence to be remitted to one of the principal fecretaries of hate. Chap. 47. See Women. Chap. 48. f. 3-

Cor

Coventry.

See Paving. Chap. 77.

Corn and Grain, &c.

See Orders of Council. Chap. 1.

1.	Wheat, Sec. exported out of Great Britain or (hipped with that intent forfeited with 20s. per buthel for wheat, flour, rye, meal, barley, malt, oats, oatmeal, peas and beans, and is. per pound weight of bread or bifeuit exported or carried out of the kingdom, and alfo the veffel and furniture, a moiety to the King and the other to the profecutor, to be recovered if under 50/. by fummary bill or information at the quarter feffions or the fherifFs court; and mabers or mariners knowing of offences or aiding therein may be imprifoned for 3 months without bail. Chap. 1.

(■ 3-

2.	But not to extend to exporting the articles enumerated, nor to prohibit diet for the crews of (hips, or for men in the King’s fervice, or for forces, forts or garrifons, or to Gibralter, St. Helena, or the iilands of Guerrfeyff erfey, Alderney and Man for fuftenance of the inhabitants, nor to Britijh forts, cables or factories in Africa, or for (hips trading there; nor to the iflands of Newfoundland, Hudjon s Bay or the Bay

* of Honduras, according to the feve-ral batutes. Chap. 1. f. 4.

3.	Foreign corn legally warehoufed may be exported from fuch ware-houfe. Same ad, f. 6.

4.	Foreign or Britijh corn, &c. entered or loaded at London for exportation before publication of the order of Dec. 23, 1789, in the London Gazette, or at any other port before receipt at the cubom-houfe may be exported. Same ad, f. 6.

5.	Wheat, be. may be imported into England, [Vales and Berwick upon

Tweedy

Hosted by Google

Cof

Tweed, on payment of the low duties. Same adt, f. 9.

6.	% Wheat, &c. imported on the low duties, and might have been warehoused under higher duties, may be fo warehoufed, &c. Sameadt, f. 10.

7.	But if legally imported and warehoused under lock and key, may be delivered under the regulations of 13 Geo. 3. c. 43. and this adl continued to Sept. 29, 1790, and may be altered this feflion. Same adt, f. 11.

8.	So much of 30 Geo. 3. c. 1. as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and grain to continue till Feb. 28, 179X9 before which the King in council may permit the exportation from Great Britain of wheat, flour, bifcuit, rye, barley, oats, peas and beans, and alSo prohibit the importation on the low duties of wheat and other grain, and in like manner recall fiich permiflion and prohibition as circumftances fhall appear to require $ and if any perfon fhall export or import corn or grain contrary to fuch permiflion or prohibition of the King in council, to be fubjedt to the like penalties, and the Said corn and grain and (hip to be fubjedt to the like forfeitures as if contrary to any adt of parliament in force. Chap. 42.

Cofts.

Cods out of money raifed, in Col-mis and Car If or d Hundred Suffolk, See Poor. Chap. 22. S. 69.

Cofts, Double.

See Orders of CouncilChap. 1. See Slaves. Chap. 33. S. 22.

Cofts, Treble.

See Churches, (Briftol). Chap. 20. f. 31. See Water, (Norwich). Chap. 21. f. 8. See Poor. Chap. 22. f. 43.

W 153

See Lottery. Chap. 30. f. 25. See

Paving, (Weftminfter). Chap. 53. f. 65. See Paving, ( Honiton). Chap.

25.	f. 41. See Annuities. Chap. 45. f. 24. See Hamilton. Chap. 55. f. 31*

Cotton, (Tho.)

1,632/. 6s. 3d. 3^. ordered by parliament to be lflued to Tho. Cotton by direction of the treafury to pay bills of exchange. Chap. 32. f. 24.

Coventry, (City),

See Paving. Chap. 77.

Cromford Bridge.

See Canals. Chap. 56.

Cuftoms.

1.	1,000/. iflued for expences of enquiring into the emoluments of the officers of the cuftoms. Chap. 32*

r.	24.

2.	The commifiioners of the cuftoms authorised to defray the expences of Seizures, &c. of veffels, &c. out of the King’s Share of feizures in general; and the officer to receive his full (hare of the nett produce. Chap. 43.

D.

Debts and Debtors.

gEE Scotland. Chap. 5.

Diet of Crews.

See Com and Grain. Chap. 1.

Digits (near Worcefier).

See Rivers, (Navigable). Chap. 75.

Diftillers.

For making allowances to diftillers of low wines and Spirits from malt,

£orny

Hosted by Google

?54

corn, or grain in Scotland, in refped of the duties impofea by the 24 Geo.

3.	c. 46. Chap. 39. See Scotland.

Dominica.

600/. granted to the chief juftice of Dominica, from 1, 1790, to the fame day in 1791* Chap. 32. f. 23.

* Dcrchejler, (Lord).

See Orders of Council. Chap. 1.

Douglas, {River).

See Canals. Chap. 65.

Drawbacks.

See Yucatanf South America). Chap.

26.

Durham, (C/7^).

See Paving. Chap. 67.

E.

Eafi Grinftead, (Suffex).

j^EE Churches• Chap. 79.

Edington^ {Hamlet, Somerfetfhire).

See lnclofures. Chap. 58.

Erewafhy (Derbyjhire).

See Canals. Chap. 56.

Exchequer Bills.

I.	3,500,000/. raifed by exchequer bills before y^/7. 5, 1791, in the manner prefcribed by the lad; malt ad for the fervice of the year 1790, not to be received in payment of taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1791, and the principal, intereft and charges to be paid out of the next fupplies, and if not fufficient granted before July 5, 1791, to be

Fer

charged on the confolidated fund, to be replaced out of the firft fup-plies, and the bank may advance' the money. Chap. 15.

2.	200,000/. more raifed by the like means at the fame time. Chap. 16. See Scotland. Chap. 17. See the King, &c. Chap. 24. See the Confolidated Fund. Chap. 32.

3.	3,5°o,0°o/. granted to difcharge exchequer bills by 29.Geo. 3. c. 34. Chap. 32. f. 19.

4.	2,000,000/. for the like. Same ad, f. 20.

Excife.

See Licences. Chap. 38.

The powers of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. or of any other ad relating to excife to extend to this ad. Chap. 38. f. 20.

F.

Farmers.

{^EE Pojl Horfes. Chap. 23.

Felony.

See Lotteries. Chap. 3c. f. 24.

Felons, {tranfported).

See the King, £?r. Chap. 47.'

Fens.

Ad 14 Geo. c. 24. for the effectual draining and prefervation of JVaterbeach level, in the county of Cambridge, altered and amended, and an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Water beach cum Denny and the commoners within the faid manor eftablilhed. Chap. 74.

Ferries.

George earl of Mount Edgcumbe and Reginald Pole Carew efq; authorised

and

Hosted by Google

For

and enabled to eftablifh a common ferry acrofs the river Tamer, between Plymouth Dock, in the parifh of Stoke Damarel, in Devonjhire, and Tor point, in the parifhof Anthony St. Jacob, alias Anthony in the Eajl,. in Cornwall. Chap. 61.

Fijh Market, {in IVeJlminJler). See Marine Society. Chap. 54.

Forces.

1,000,0001, granted by parliament for the augmentation of forces, by fea and land, as exigences may require. Chap. 32. f. 22*

Forejis.

1.	Adt 26 Geo. 3. c. 87. for appointing commiffioners to enquire into the (late of the woods, forefts, and land revenues belonging to the crown, and to fell fee farm and other unimproveable rents, continued and amended. Chap. 50.

2.	Sir Charles Middleton baronet, John Call and John Fordyce, efqrs. appointed commiffioners, on oath, and on fale of rents, where no competition with the owners, not to bar the King’s right to rents in ar-rear prior to fuch fale. Same adt,

f- 3*

3.	And where the confideration money paid for rents by owners of lands out of which they ifTue are •not above 10/. the conveyance to be on the fame damp as the receipt for the confideration money, and the powers of the adt 26 Geo. 3. c. 87. not hereby altered to continue in force. Same adt, f. 5.

4.	Thfc treafury may order 2,000/. to be iffued to the commiffioners, and the King may appoint commiffioners to fupply the place of thofe who may decline to act or fhall die, and the commiffioners are not difqualified to fit in parlia-

Got	155

ment, and this adt to continue to the end of next feffion. Chap. 50.

Forgery.

Counterfeiting treafury orders for payment of Ioffes to American fuffer-ers, a capital felony and death. Chap.

34.	f. ir. See Annuities. Chap. 45.

1.	23. See Lotteries. Chap. 30.

Forth River, {Scotland).

See Navigation. Chap. 73.

G.

General Iffue.

SEE Indemnity. Chap. 12. f. 8. Sec

Churches, (Brijiol). Chap. 20. Sec Water, (Norwich). Chap. 21. f. 8. See Poor, (Suffolk). Chap. 22. f. 63. See Paving, (Honiton). Chap. 25. f. 41. See Lotteries. Chap. 39. f. 25. See Annuities. Chap. 45. f. 24. See Hamilton, (hr Wni.) Chap. 55. See Paving, (Wejlminjlcr). Chap. 53.

Georgia.

See America. Chap. 32. f. 68.

Gippen River, {Suffolk).

See Rivers, (Navigable). Chap. 57. f. 2.

Gold and Silver Wares.

1.	Adis 12 Geo. 2. c. 26. and 24 Geo. 3. c. 53. relating to.gold and filver wares, and the provifoes therein in regard to the marking filver wares to ceafe, and none of the following filver wares, viz. chains, necklace beads, lockets, philligree work, fhirt buckles, or broaches, damped medals, or fpouts to china or other tea pots, or any of them, of any weight whatever, to be marked by the goldfmith’s company, or with the mark of the

King’s

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

156	Ham

King’s head mentioned in the la ft a6t. Chap. 31. f. 3.

2.	And the faid a6ts not to extend to the following (liver wares, viz. tippings,fwages or mounts not weighing 5 penny weights of Giver, except necks and collars, and tops for cafters and cruets, or glafles belonging to ftands or frames, buttons for apparel, folid fleeve buttons and lluds not having biflilled edges foldered on, wrought feals, blank feals, bottle tickets, (hoe clafps, patch boxes, fait fpoons, fait Ihovels, fak ladles, tea fpoons, tea ftrainers, caddy ladles, buckles, ((hirt buckles or broaches before-mentioned excepted) and pieces to garnifh cabinets or knife cafes, or tea chefts or bridles, ftands or frames. Chap. 31. f. 5.

Grants.

125. 2d. 1 q. iffued to make good the deficiency of grants for the year 1789. Chap. 31. f. 25.

Grenada.

See Jamaica. Chap. 29.

Grofe, (Major).

See Land Forces. Chap. 32. f. 18.

H.

Hackney, (St. John).

^EE Churches. Chap. 71.

Haling or Towing.

See Rivers, (Navigable). Chap. 83,

Hamilton, (SirlVm.) Kt. of the Bath*

To provide quays, docks, and piers, and to eftablifh a market in the manor of Huberjion and P/7/, in Milford Haven, in the county of Pembroke. Chap, 55.

Inc

Hor/es.

See Poji HorJ'es. Chap. 23.

Horton, (	Yo

See Water. Chap. 63.

Hammer	Bridge, the	of

Cuckfield, (	).

See Rivers, ( Navigable). Chap. 52.

Hans Town, (	).

See Streets. Chap. 76.

Honiton, (	Dev).

See Paving. Chap. 25.

Huhberjion and Pill, (Pembroke* /hire).

See Hamilton, (fir	knight of

the Bath. Chap. 55.

J-

Jamaica,

ACT 27 Geo. 3. c. 27. relating to the importation of enumerated goods to the feveral ports in Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, and the Bahama iflands, amended, and (loops importing and exporting fuch goods may be of any tonnage, io as they have only one deck. Chap. 29. See Quebec. Chap. 29. f. 2.

James, St. (Wejlminjler).

See Churches. Chap. 70.

Importation.

See Wejl Indies. Chap. 28.

Inclofures.

For draining, dividing, and inclof-ing moors, commons, or wafte lands, called Edington other wife Bur tie Moor,

Eafl

Hosted by Google

Kin

Eaft Heathy Weft Heath, and Clyde Batchy within the hamlet of Edington and parifh of Moorlinchy in Somerfet-Jhire. Chap. 58.

Indemnity.

See Qualifications. Chap. 12. Perfons profecuted meant to be indemnified, may plead the general iffue. Chap. 12. f. 8.

Indiay (Raft) Company.

See Tin. Chap. 4.

John, St. {America).

1,840/. granted for the civil efta-blifhment of St. John in America, from Jan. 1, 1790, to the fame day in 1791. Chap. 32. f. 23.

Ipfwich.

See Rivers, (Navigable). Chap. 57.

Ireland.

See SW. Chap. 41. f. 2.

k.

The King, Queen, and Royal Family.

i.rT>HE King may by (ign manual X authorife the treafury to di-red loans to be received, and exchequer bills to be made out for one million of money agreeable, to the rules of the malt ad, the claufes whereof to be extended hereto (except thofe charging the loans on the malt tax, and limit-ting the rate of intereft). Chap. 24. f. 1.

2* To be charged on the firft fupplies . of next feffion, or the next conlo-lidated fund, and to be replaced out of the hrft fupplies, and the bank may advance the money on the credit of this ad. Same ad, L 4, 5*

Lan	157

3. The King enabled to authorife his governor of fuch places beyond the feas, to which felons or otlier offenders may be tranfport-ed, to remit the fentences of fuch offenders. Chap. 47. See Annuities. Chap. 44. See Strickland* Chap. 51.

L.

Land Forces.

r.	/^Ranted for 1790, 1,874,074L VJT 18;. 5d. iq. viz. 578,502/. 14J. id. for 17,448 effedive men, &c. in Great Britain, &c. and 317,549/. 16;. for the plantations. Chap. 32. f. 18.

2.	8,245/. ioj. id. difference between Britifi) and Irijh eftablifhment. Same ad.

3.	11,435/. 12S• 1Qd* 2F f°r regiments in the Eafi Indies. Same ad.

4.	64,500/. for recruiting land forces and contingencies. Same ad.

5. 10,808/, 7s. id. 3q. for fupernu-merary officers. Same ad.

6.	6,409/. 8j. for general and flaff officers in Great Britain. Same ad.

7.	63,276/. 5;. 2d. to the paymafter general, fecretary at war, &c. Same ad.

8.	162,797/. i8j. 4d. for reduced land officers and marines. Same 3d.

9.	202/. is. 2d. to reduced officers of horfe guards. Same ad.

10.	55,092/. 10s. for the like of the Britijh American forces. . Same ad.

11.	4,907/. tos. allowed them. Same ad.

12.	3,392/. 145. 2d. for officers late in the fervice of the hates general. Same ad.

13.	3,411/. 14s. 4d. granted for major Groffs corps. Chap. 32. f. 18;,

14.	180,939/. f°r Chelfea Hofpi-tal. Same ad.

15.	9,990/. 95. 3d. for widow’s pen-, iiQns. Same ad.

16.	36,093/.

Hosted by

Google

j 58	Le

16.	36,093/. 15J. to the landgrave of HejTe, for 1790. Same ad.

17.	356,458/. 12s. 4d. extraordina-ries of the army in 1789. Chap. 32. f. 18.

Land Lax.

1.	At four (hillings in the pound for

1790.	Chap. 2.

2.	Debtors owing money in Scotland at fix per cent, to retain a fixth part of the fix per cent, from Nov. n, 1789, to Nov. 11, 1790. Chap.

1.	f. 140.

3.	Forappointingcommiffioners,who together with thofe named in two former ads, may put this ad in execution. Chap. 13.

See Parliament. Chap. 35.

Langley Bridge, (Derbyfhire).

See Canals. Chap. 56.

Lawrence, 5/. (IJle of Thanet).

See Churches. Chap. 64.

Lm/j to Liverpool.

See Canals. Chap. 65.

Leeds.

See Water. Chap. 68.

Leafes.

Treafury cm powered to let leafes to fir JFm. Hamilton knight, of lands on the (hore of Milford Haven heretofore purchafed by government, with or without fines, and on what rent the commiffioners (hall think proper. Chap. 55. f. 26.

Lewes, (Sujfex).

See River 1, (Navigable). Chap. 52.

Leather.

Ad 12 Geo. 3. c. 50. for eneou-raging the manufadure of leather

Lie

continued for five years. Chap, iga f. 1.

Licences.

1.	The duties upon licences for retailing wine and fweets, and alfo for retailing fpirituous liquors repealed, and other duties granted in lieu thereof. Chap. 38.

2.	By the ad of 9 Queen A nne, c. 23. the duty charged on damped vellum, &c. ufed for licences for retailing wine, 4;. and by 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. fuch retailers to pay 5/. more, and if they have no ale licence,^/, more, and alfo for damps on paper, &c. 40;.; in all cafes where the.duty of 5/. is paid on a licence to retail wine, a duty of only 3/. 6s. 8d. is to be paid in Scotland, and in alt cafes where a duty of 4/. is paid, only 21. 13;. 4d. to be paid in Scotland^ and where 2/* is paid for licences 1 I. 6s. 8d. in Scotland, and by the lad ad, unlefs enabled as after deferibed, fhould fell by retail, by pint, &c. or in lefs quantity than equal to cafks, in which may be imported any wine on pain of 100/. Same ad, f. 1.

3.	And by 31 Geo. 2. c. 31. retailers of fweets or made wines obliged to take licences, and unlefs fo enabled, not to fell by retail lefs than 25 gallons of fweets, See. on pain of 100/. Same ad.

4.	And by 26 Geo. 3. c. 74. licences for felling fweets by retail to have a damp of 2/. 4:. and by 28 Geo. 3. c. 37. none to fell wines or fweets for confumption in his own houfe without a beer licence from Oft. 10, 1790, thefe duties under the com-m ifiioners of damps to ceafe. Chap.

38. r. 1.	•

5.	From the fame time the duties by the fix following ads, viz. 16 Geo.

2.	c. 8. 24 Geo. 2. c. 40. 19 Geo.

3.	c. 25. 21 Geo. c. 17. 22 Geo.

3.	c. 66. and 27 Geo. 3. c. 30. in refped to licences, to ceafe and determine,

Hosted by Google

Lie

termine, except as to arrears and fines. Chap. 38. f. 2 and 3.

6* All perfons before they retail foreign wine or Britijh made wines or fweets or any diftilied fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, to take out fuch licence as after mentioned, viz. if within the limits of the ex-cife in London, under the hands and feals of two or more commiffioners of excife in England, or as they (hall appoint for that purpo.fe, but if in any other part of England out of the faid limits to be granted under the hands and feals of the col-Jedtors and fupervifors of excife of the diftridt; and if in the limits of Edinburgh, under the hands and feals of two or more of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, or if in Scotland, and out of the limits of Edinburgh, and in Scotland, under the hands of collectors and fupervifors of excife in Scotland, within that jurifdidtion, on paying the fe-veral fums following. Chap. 38. f. 6.

7.	For licence to retail foreign wine in Scotland; not having an excife licence for retailing diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters. 1/. 6s. Sd.

8.	Licence to retail diftilled fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, in any part of Great Britain \ if the houfe, etc, is rated to the houfe tax under 15/. —4/. 145.

9.	If the houfe under 20/. — 5/. 2;.

10.	If under 25/. — 5/. ioj.

11.	If under 30/.— 5/. i8.t.

12.	If under 40/. — 61. 6s.

13.	If under 50/. — 6/. 14;.

14.	If 50/. or upwards — 7/. 2;.

15.	Duties to be paid into the chief offices of excife in London or Edinburgh^ and in other places to the collectors of excife; licences to continue in force rill Off. 10, next enduing the granting thereof, and if granted between April and Offober, a rateable proportion charged, and

Lint	159

licences to be renewed yearly. Chap. 38. f. 7, 8.

16.	Penalty 50/. for retailing foreign wine or fweets, or diftilled fpiriru-ous liquors or ftrong waters without licence or not renewing fuch licence. Same adl, f. 9.

17.	On death or removal of iicenfed perfons, commiffioners ofexcife,&c. may authorife the executors or af-fignees to carry on the trade for the remainder of the term. Same adi, f. 10.

18.	One licence fufficient where a partnerftn'p in one houfe; but not to authorife the fale of wine, See. in any other houfe than that for which granted. Same adl, f. 11.

19.	Not to prejudice the privileges of the two univerftties, nor the vintners company of London \ but freemen by redemption not to have It--cences. Same adl, f. 12.

20.	The patent for licenfing taverns at St. Albans, confirmed ; and no licence to be granted but to fuch as might have had licences before this adl. Same adf, f. 13, 14,.

21.	Penalties under this adi to be recovered by the laws of excife, or by adtion in courts of record at Wtjl-minjlery or court of exchequer in Scotland; one moiety to the King and the other to the informer pro-fecuting; and the money arifing by duties (charges excepted) to be paid into the exchequer and carried to the confolidated fund. Same a61, ft 16, 17.

22.	From Off. 10, 1790, the adts 9 Q. Anne, 30 Sc 31 Geo. 2. and 26 Geo. 3. fo far as they empower the commiffioners of (lamps to grant licences; and 16 & 24 Geo. 2. and 27 Geo. 3. fo far as they empower the commiffioners of excife to grant licences, repealed. Chap. 38. ft j&,

Limitation of Affions.

See Churches (Brijlol).. Chap. 20.

See Water, (Norwich). Chap. 21.

ft 8.

Hosted by Google

j6o	Mai

f. 8. Set Poor, (Suffolk). Chap. 22.

f. 43. See Paving^ (Honiton). Chap.

25-

Longitude.

1.	Commiffioriers of longitude to certify the probability of fuccefs of any propofal for difcovering the longitude, or other improvement in navigation, to the commiflioners of the navy, who are to order rewards to fuch perfons as the commiflioners of longitude (hall certify to have made any ufeful difcoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or other improvements ufeful to navigation, out of the money in the treafurer of the navy’s hands, but not to exceed 5,000L Chap.

14.	f. 1.

a. The additional fecretary of the navy by 26 Geo. 2. c. 25. to be a commiflioner of longitude. Same ad, f. 3.

Lords of Manors.

Right of fifhery referved. See

Canals. Chap. 65.

Lottery.

1.	790,937/. ioj. railed by a lottery at 15/. 16s. 4d. 2q. per ticket; fub-fcribers to pay half by June 18,

1790,	or forfeit the depofit. Ch.30.

2.	4/. per ticket allowed to the owners of the firft 10,000 tickets drawn blank, to begin drawing Feb. 9,

1791,	and prizes to be paid June 2, following. Same ad, f. 19.

Lumber.

See Quebec. Chap. 8.

M.

Malldraeth and Corfddaugau in An-glefey.

^EE Marjbes. Chap. 59.

Mar

Malt.

1.	Made or declared to be for exportation before Dec. 29, 1789, may be exported on certificate from the excife officer. Chap. 1. f. 7.

2.	Duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, continued for the fervice of the year 1790. Chap. 3.

Manchejler.

See Poor. Chap. 81.

Marines

Regulated while on fhore, ad continued annually. Chap. 7.

Marine Society.

1.	The eftate and property of the truftees of JVeftminJler fifh market veiled in the marine fociety for the purpofes mentioned, and the powers of the faid truftees difcontinu-ed. Chap. 54.

2.	Which ground whereon the market flood was held by the faid truf«r tees on Ieafe, at 65/. per ann. be-fides 4,2001. 3 per cent, annuities, raifed by the accumulated rent and duties, but the market being found impradicable^and the ground let on a building Jeafe, the defign was abandoned and this ad pafled. Chap. 54. f. 1.

3.	The duties on fifh payable to the fociety, and the powers of the truftees difcontinued. Same ad, f. 2.

Markets.

See Hamilton (fir Wm.). Chap. 55, See Paving, (Honiton). Chap. 25. f. 12#

See Paving Durham^ c.) Chap. 67.

Marfhes.

For more effedually embanking the marlh called Malldraeth and Corfddaugau, in the county of Anglefey, and for draining and preferving the fame,

and

Hosted by Google

M'ut

and the inclofed low lands contiguous thereto. Chap. 59. See 28 Geo. 3. £. 71. See Fens* Chap/74.

Majlers and Mariners.

See Orders of Council* Chap. 1.

Millers.

See Rivers, f Navigable). Chap. 57. f. 48.

Merthyr Tidvile, (Glamorganfhire). See Canals, (Navigable). Chap. 82.

Militia.

For charge of .pay and cloathing militia in England for one year, from March 25, 1790, continued annually. Chap* 9.

Mfn/'

30,520/. 55. 6i. granted for extraordinary expences of the mint in 1788. Chap. 32.

Monkland.

See Navigation. Chap. 73.

Moorlinch, (Parijh, Somerfetfhire). See Inclofures. Chap. 58/

Mount Edgcumbe.

See Ferries.. Chap. 6r.

Murder.

See aft 25 Geo. 2. c. 37. and title Women. Chap. 48.

Mutiny*

For punching mutiny and defer-tion, and for better payment of the army and their quarters, in 1790. 17,448 forces, including 1,620 invalids. Aft continued annually. Chap. 6# Vo 1. XXXVII,

New	16	i

• N.

Naval Services.

1.	2,333,636/. 17J. 11^. applied for naval fervices. Chap. 32. f. 12.

2.	200,000/., more to pay off navy debts. Same aft, f. 13.

Navigable Canals.

See Canals, (Navigable). Chap.156.60V

Navigation.

See Longitude. Chap. 14. f. 2. For forming a junftion between the Forth and the Clyde navigations, and the Mohkland navigation, and for altering, enlarging, and explaining, feveral former afts, relating to the faid navigations. Chap. 73.

Navy CommiJUoners*

See Longitude. Chap. 14*

Negroes.

See United States of America. Chap. 2?* Sales of negroes in 12 months tc. be void:	Same	aft,	f.	2.

New Brunfwick.

4,4007. for the civil eftablifhmen in New Brunfwick, from June 24, 1790, to the fame day in 1791. Chap. 32. f. 23.

Newcajlle, (upon Tyne).

See Goals. Chap. 78.'

Newfoundland.

1,182/. 1 or. granted to defray fhe charge of falaries of the governor and civil officers of Newfoundland, from April 1, 1790, to the fame day in

1791.	Chap, 3.2. f. 23.

M	New

Hosted by

Google

162

Opt

New South IVales.

4,558/. 7s. 8d. granted for the civil eftablifhment of New South Walej, frorn Ot7. 10, 1790, to the fame day in 1791. Chap. 32. f. 23.

Nominees.

See Annuities. Chap. 45. f. 13.

Norwich.

See Water. Chap. 21.

TViw;* Scotia. -

6,376/. 175. 6i. granted for the civil eftablifhment of Atoz Scotia, .from 1, 179c, to the fame day in 1791. Chap. 32. f. 23.

o.

Oaths.

SEE Qualifications. Chap. 12. See Paving, (Honiton). Chap. 25. f. 2. Every white perfon coming from the United States of America, to fettle in the King’s colonies, &c. above 14 years of age, to take the oaths of allegiance. Chap. 27. f. 3.

Szz Lottery. Chap. 30^ f. 14. See Slaves. Chap. 33. f. 11. See Forejls. Chap. 50. f. 2. See Rivers, (Navi* .gable). Chap. 52. f. 9. See Ando-fares. Chap. 58. f. 4.

Officers.

172,787/. 55. 5</. appropriated by 29 Geo. 3. c. 61. to be paid to reduced officers in 1789; the overplus to be difpofea of to maimed officers, and widows, and children, as the King (hall dired. Chap. 32. f. 28.

Optional Streets.

See Paving 1 (Wejhninffir). Chap. 53.

Ouf

Orders of Council.

1.	Perfons indemnified, who advifed or carried into execution, the orders of the King in council, dated Nov. 11, & 18, and Dec. 23, 1789, and Jan. 2, & 8, 1790, refpeding the importation and exportation of' corn and grain, and alfo the orders iflued by lord Dorchejler, governor general of the King’s coJbnies in America. Chap. 1.

2.	Suits for ads done under the faid orders difcharged, and if profecut-ed in Great Britain after Feb. 2, 1790, and in Quebec after July 1, following, and the plaintiff becomes nonfuit, the defendant to have double cofts, and in fuits already commenced, the defendant may apply to the court to flay proceedings. Same ad, f. 2,

Orders for Repay?nent.

See Confolidated Fund. Chap. 32,

Ordinary (Lord in).

See Scotland. Chap. 17.

Ordnance.

1.	13,869/. os. 6d. granted for land fervice of ordnance in 1788. Chap. 3a. r. 14.

2.	1,575/. :6j, 7d. prior to Dec. 31, 1783. Same ad.

3.	418,207/. 5^. 5^. for 1790. Same ad, f. 16.

4.	23,795/. 16s. yd. granted for fea fervice of ordnance in 1788. Chap. 32. r. 17.

Orwell River, (Suffolk).

See Rivers, (Navigable). Chap. 8 Jr

Oufe River,

S ee Rivers,. ( Navigable). Chap. 52.

Pufe

Hosted by Google

Par

Oufe River (Norfolk).

See Rivers^ (Navigable). Chap. S3.

P.

Palifadoes.

SEE Paving, (Weflminjhr), Chap.-53. f. 62.

Papijls.

I.	Deeds and wills of Papifts, he.

made fince 29, 1717, good, if . inrolled before Sep. i, 1790. Chap.

19.	f. 1.

2.	This ad not to extend to deeds, &c. the validity whereof hath been brought in queftion before Jan. i,

1790.	Same ad, f. 2.

3.	Purchafes made for valuable consideration not to be avoided on account of the title deeds not having been inrolled. Same a61, f. 3.

4.	This ad not to make good any grant of the right to any benefice, prebend, or ecclefiaftical living, fchool, hofpital, or donative, in truft for any Papift, whether the truft be declared in writing or not. Same ad, f. 4.

5.	For allowing further time (to Sep. I, 1790) to inroll deeds and wills of Papifts, and for relief of Proteft-ant purchasers. Chap. 19.

Parliament.

2.	For better Supporting the dignity of the Speaker of the houfe of commons, the treafury to iflue at the exchequer, which with fees and allowances of 5/. per day, now payable on account of his office, may amount to the clear yearly fum of 6,ooo/. Chap. 10.

2.	The Speaker not to hold any place of profit under the crown during pleafure. Same ad, f. 7.

3.	The Speaker’s Secretary to deliver to the treafury an account quar~

Pav	163'

terly of fees and fums received or due of the allowance to the Speaker out of the civil lift, and if they exceed 1,50b/. the excefs to be carried to the next quarter, &c. If lefs, the deficiency to be made good from the Supplies of thai year, afid after from the consolidated fund (fubjed to prior charges thereon) and to be free from taxes. Same ad, f. 10.

4.	Ad 20 Geo. 3. c. 17. touching the eledion of knights of the fhire to parliament, amended, and explained, and nothing in that ad or in 22 Geo. 3. c. 31. to prevent any perfon from voting for knights cf the (hire, or for burgefles for Crick-ladein Wilts, for lands or tenements, &c. which have been afTefted for fix months to the land tax, in the name of the perfon through, whom’ the claimer (hall derive title. Chap*

35. f- 1.

5.	Nor for lands, &c. So afleffed in' the name of the tenant adually occupying the fame. Same ad, f. 2'.

Park Lane, (Piccadilly).

See Paving, {IVefiminJhr). Chap.

53.	f. 62.

Paving.

x. For paving and otherwife improving the town of Ho nit on, in the county of Devon, and part of the jixminjler and Honiton roads taken in, and the commifiioners empowered to Set up turnpike gates, and take tolls, and alfo to let Such tolls. Chap. '25.

2. For altering Several ads of 2, 3, 4,

5,	6, h n Geo. 3. for paving the ftreets and other places in the city and liberty of Wejlminjhr, and parts' adjacent, and for putting the Optional Streets under the management of parochial committees, fob-jed to the controul of the commif-fioners appointed by the faid Several ads, &c. Chap. 53.

M %

Hosted by Google

164 Pfy

3’. For paving, &the ftreets, &c. and regulating porters and drivers of carts in the borough of Truro, and part of the adjoining parifhes irrthe county of Cornwall. Chap, 62.

4.	For paving and otherwife improving the city and townfhip of Peter-borough in Northamptonjlme. Chap. 66.

5.	For paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the ftreets, lanes, ways, and publick paffagqs, in the city of Durham, and borough of Framwelgate, and the fuburbs thereof and ftreets thereto adjoining, and for regulating and improving the markets within the faid city and fuburbs. Chap. 67.

6.	For better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the city of Coventry and the fuburbs thereof, &c. and for regulating the publick wells and pumps within the faid city and fuburbs. Chap. 77.

Peace Officers.

Penalties on them for not doing duty by 28 Geo. 3. c. 57. See Stage Coaches, extended to this a61 and to be recovered as by the former a6t. Chap. 36. f. 6.

Penn, (Wm).

See Annuities. Chap. 46.

Pentonville Chapel.

See Churches. Chap. 69*

Peterborough, (C7/j).

See ^'cving. Chap. 66.

Pipes.

See Paving, {JVejlminJler). Chap. 53, f. 60.

Plymouth Dock.

See Ferries-. Chap. 61.

%ue

Poor.

r. For better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford in Suffolk. Chap. 22.

2.	For providing a workhoufe for the poor, and for their better relief and employment at Sireothamy in the county of Surry; and for appointing an additional overfeer, for the better government of the poor therein. Chap. 80.

3.	For providing a new poorhoufe, and for the better relief and government of the poor of the tow nfhip of Manchester, in the county of Lancafler. Chap. 81.

Poft Horfes.

The treafury enabled to let to farm the duties by a6t 27 Geo. 3. c. 26. on horfes let to hire for travelling poft, as (hould be willing to contra6t for the fame, continued till Feb. 1, 1794. Chap. 23. f. 2,

Qi

Qualifications.

ACTS of qualification for offices, &c. continued as ufual annually. Chap. 12.

Quays and Docks.

See Hamilton, (fir Wm.) Chap, 55.

Quebec.

1.	In cafe of emergency the governor of Quebec, with con fen t of council, may authorife the importation by fea or coaftvvife, of neat cattle, &c. or live ftock of any fort, or provT fion for a limited time, from the United States of America by Briiijh' fubje&s in Britffi built fnips, &o. Chap. 8. f. 1.

2. Lum-

Hosted by Google

Ret

2.	Lumber, provifions, horfes, and neat cattle, fn exported by 28 Geo.

3.	c. 39. (except white oak ftaves) to be the produce oi tubec. Same act, f. 2.

3.	Goods forfeited may be feized by officers of the cuftoms, or by the commander of a King’s (hap, or by any officer fpecialiy authorifed by them, and forfeitures to be applied to the cuftoms, and to be recovered either in this kingdom, or in North America, or the Weft Indies, as the cafe may happen. Same ad, f. 3. See Rum. Same ad, f. 2.

4.	From July 1, J790, goods of the growth of the countries bordering on Quebec imported into that province, may be imported into Great Britain from thence. Chap. 29. f. 2.

R.

Ramfgate, (Kent).

gEE Churches. Chap. 64.

Rape Seed

Of the growth of the Britijh colonies in North America, may be imported in Britijh built (hips on a duty of is. per laft, when the price is 17/. 10;. per laft, and rape cakes ufed for manure, duty free. Chap. 41. f. 1.

Rates of Tonnage on Rivers, {Gip~ pen and Orwell).

See Rivers, (Navigable). Chap. 57. f. 18. ‘

Retailers.

All perfons felling foreign wine in lefs quantity than equal to the mea-fure wherein the fame might have been imported by way of merchandize, to be deemed a retailer of foreign wine; and all perfons expofing to fale Britijh made wines or fweets, in quantity under 25 gallons, to be deemed ^ retailor of fuch wines or fweetsy op

Rum	165

felling brandy, rum, ufquebaugh, geneva, aquavitae, or other diftilled fpi-rituous liquors or ftrong waters mixed or unmixed with other ingredients, in lefs quantity than 2 gallons, to be deemed a retailer of fuch liquors, &c. Chap. 38. f. 15.

Rivers, {Navigable}.

1.	For improving, continuing, and extending the navigation of the river Oufe, from Leives Bridge at the town of Leives to Hammer Bridge in the parifh of Cu.ckfield, and alfo of the fa id river to Short bridge in the parifh of Fletching, in the county of Suffex. Chap. 52.

2.	For making a navigable communication between Stowmarket and lpfwich, Suffolk. Chap. 57.

3 Thecommunication betweenStoiv-market and lpfwich, not to be under thecommiffioners offewers. Same a6t, f. 49.

4,	The company of proprietors of the Staffordjhire and IVorceflerJhire canal navigation, enabled to improve the navigation of the river Severn, from Stourport in the county of Worcejler to Digits near the city of Worcejler. Chap. 75.

5.	For empowering perfons navigating boats, barges, and other veffels in the river Oufe, in the county of Norfolk, to hale or tow with horfes or other beafts on the banks or fea walls of the faid river; and for making (atisfa&ion to the owners of the faid banks or fea walls. Chap. 83,

Rolls, {Liberty).

See Paving, (Wefminjler). Chap* 53. r. 62.

Rum

Being the produce or manufatflure of any of the King’s colonies in the Weft Indies, allowed tp be imported from the faid colonies into the pro-' vince of Quebec without payment of M 3	duties*

Hosted by Google

166	See

duties, not exceeding in value a cargo of lumber or pro.vifions, horfes or neat cattle, required to be the produce of the faid province. Chap. 8. f. 2.

s,

Scotland.

y. OO much of a 61 23 Geo. 3. c. 18. w3 as relates to the rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland, continued till May 1	1792,&c. Chap. 5.

£. The tirpe for holding the fgmmer fefiions in Scotland altered, and to begin May 12, and to end July 11, Chap. 17. f. 1.

3.	Whitfuntide term in the exchequer to begin May 12, and end June 2, and Lammas term to begin June 17, and end July 5, and if that day on Sunday, to end on Saturday before. Same a6t, f. 2.

4.	Spring circuits to be held between

March 12, and May 12. Same a61, '• 3-	.

5.	Complaint to the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacation within 4 months, to be equivalent to complaints to the lord of feffion, as diredled by a<5t 16 Geo. 2. c. jr. Same a<51, f. 4.

6.	Writs already iffued from the exchequer in Scotland, returnable

12,	1790, maybe proceeded on as it returnable on the firff day of Lammas term. Same a<51, f 5.. :

7.	4,859/. u.'Srf. granted for expences of roads and bridges in the highlands of North Britain. Chap. 32. f. 24. See Spirits and Spirituous Liquors. Chap. 37.

8.	The co'mmifiioners of excife in Scotland, with the approbation of the treafury, to pay to diffillers in Scotland, who had in their poffeffion between Oft. 22, and Nov. 2, 1784, foirits which had been regularly permitted to London, 8*200/. if ap~

Sla

plication be made to the treafury

before July 5, 1790. Chap. 39,

Sentences.

See the King, Lie. Chap. 47,

Shcrtbridge in Fetching, (Sujfex),

See Rivers, (Navigable). Chap. 52.

Severn*

See Rivers, Navigable, (from $tour~ port to Diglis). Clpp. 75.

Sewers.

See Rivers, (Navigable). Chap. 57. f. 49.

Silver Wares.

See Gold and Silver IVqres. Chap. 3X0

Slaves.

1.	5cpi. iffued to the fecretary under the ffave a<51s. Chap. 32. f. 24.

2.	For amending and continuing till Aug. 1, 1790, 'the fever'al acts for regulating the (hipping, and carryr ing (laves in Briii/h veflels from the coaft of Africa. Chap. 33.

3.	Ships may carry in proportion of 5 (laves for every 3 ton in (hips riot above 201 tons, and one (lave for every additional ton; or male (laves in height 4 feet 4 inches, one fuch male ffave for every additional 5 ton of the laid (hip, and 3 fuch male (laves above that height. Same act.

4.	The (hip to be deemed of fuch ' tonnage as deffbted by the regifter^

and maffers of (hips to forfeit 261. for every ffave above the 'number limited, one moiety to the King and the other to the profecutor; if more than fweff fifths’of the (laves be children, 5 of the furplus to be deemed equal to 4 flaves. Same

iff, f. x, ; v * ’

5. Maf-

Hosted by Google

Sl

5* Mafters of veffels before landing flaves in the Weft Indies, to declare on oath the burden of their (hip, and if they land flaves to the contrary, to forfeit 500/. Officers of cufloms to take an account of the flaves on board, on penalty of 50/. and where no officer of the cuf-toms, any civil officer may admi-nifter the oath to the mafler. Same a<5t, f. 2..

6.	No fhip to carry flaves unlefs entered for that purpofe on clearing out, and unlefs the furgeon fhall keep a journal during the voyage, which is to be delivered to the officer of cufloms at the fir ft Eritijh port on arrival, &c. and duplicates of oath and journal to be tranfmit-ted to the commiffioners of cuf-toms, on forfeiture by mafler and furgeon of 100/. Same ad, f. 3.

7; If penalties not paid in 14 days, vefiels may be feized and fold, and penalties may be fued for in the court of vice-admiralty, in any part of America or the iHands in the Weft Indies, where the offence is committed or where the fhip or cargo difpofed of, or in any of the King’s courts at Weftminfer, or' the court of exchequer at Edinburgh. Same a<3, f. 4, 5.

8.	The upper and lower cabin, and fpace between decks, to be allotted to the flaves, and after two thirds of her compliment of flaves are taken on board, no goods to be put with them. Same ad, f. 6.

9.	If any perfon take the command of flave fhips not qualified, according to this ad, to forfeit, as well as the owner 5001. Same ad, f. 7.

10.	No infurance to be made againft any lofs, except perils of the fea, piracy, infurredion, or capture by the King’s enemies, barratry of the mafler and crew, and deftrudion by fire, and if infured otherwife void. Same ad, f. 8.

11.	No veffd to be cleared out that

Sla 167

has not a furgeon on board, who has paffed his examination at Surgeons Hall, or fome pubiick or county hofpital, college of phyfici-ans, or furgeons of Edinburgh, or fhall have ferved as furgeon or mate in the army, for which to have an attefted copy of certificate gratis. Chap. 33. f. 9.

12.	If the officer of the port of dif-charge be fatisfied there have not died on the voyage more than 2 in 100, he is to certify the fame to the commiffioners of cufloms, and they are to order the mafler 100/. and the furgeon 50/. and on the like, certificate that not more than 3 in 100 have died, the mafler in-titled to 501.3nd the furgeon to 25/. Same ad, f. 10.

13.	Commiffioners appointed to enquire into Ioffes in confequence of ad 28 Geo. 3. c. 54. for regulating the flave trade by mafters or owners of (hips, who had"applied prior to Sep. 1, 1788, and who before Aug, I, 1790, are to lay before the faid commiffioners the grounds of their claims, Ipecitying the particulars of all expences, and profits and Ioffes, Sec. and the commiffioners to determine fuch Ioffes, and report to parliament the compenfation to be made on oath, and the treafury to order 2,000/. to be iffued out of the pubiick money in the exchequer^ for payment of clerks, Sec. and the King to appoint to vacancies of commiffioners, during the recefs of parliament. Same ad, f. 12, 13.

14.	Before any vefTel is cleared outwards, the mafler, officers and mariners to execute articles in form in the fchedule, and no other, on penalty of 50/.^ Same ad, f. 14.

15.	Mufter rolls to be regularly kept, and for flgning falfe ones, penalty 100/. and alfufix months imprifon-ment. Same ad, f. 15.

16.	No officer, mariner or fea men, to be turned over or difeharged,

M 4	unlefs

Hosted by Google

168	Sla

unlefs to the King’s fhips of war,

. pr to allift fhips in diftrefs, or upon preferment, or under an ill ftate of health, with confent of the party, on certificate of the captain of fhips of war, or of 2 juffices, or collector or comptroller of cuftoms, to be returned with the mutter roll and log book on arrival the delivering port. Chap. 33. f. 16.

I7.	No flops, tobacco, fpirits, &c. to be lupplied to the feamen beyond the amount of one fourth of their fnonthly wages, and if any of them behave riotouflyor muiinoufiy, they maybe put under confinement for 24 hpur§? and reported to the captain or comtp^nder of any (hip of war, 'who is to enquire into the caufe of ,.complaint on oath, and to give fuch relief as may be reqgifite* and jf it be judged neceffary for the fafety of the (hip and cargo to continue the offender in confinement, fuch determination to be drawn up in writing with the reafons at large, and figned by thp matter and two officers^ on penalty of 50/. to report to the firft King’s fhip, or to the governor or chief officer of any Brittjh fort on the coatt of Africa, or any Wef India ifland on their* arrival, in order to take fuch mea-lures as the nature of the cafe may admit. Same a61, f. 1$.

2$ The matter to caufe a printed ab-ffra61 of this adf to be Jrang up in the mott publick part of his fhip, on penalty of 5c/. Same a6f, f. :g. 3Q If mutinous officers, mariners or •' feamen be taken into cuftody by prder of a governor in Ajrica, or fhe Weft Indies, a ttatefnent upon path to be lodged with fuch governor, together with the names of the witneffes to (upper*: fuch charge againtt the prifoner, in order to be fent home for trial in the court of admiralty, and if the commander of the fhip negledl to appear on notice i va the Gazette, not only to be

Bpi

nonfuited, but to incur fuch further penalty as the court (hall adjudge. Chap. 33. f. 20.

20.	Officers, &,c. to continue in pay till the (hip is cleared inwards; and the wages of run men to go one half to Greenwich Hofpitaly and the other half to the Merchants Hofpital of the port whereto the veffei belongs ; and offences may be tried in any court of oyer and terminer jn any county in England, where the offence is committed, or if on or beyond the lea,s, then in the county where the (hip cleared out, or in flfiddlefexy and penalties maybe fued for in any court of record in Great Britain; and in every fuch fuit, the party againft whom judgement is given (plaintiff or defep-dant) to pay double cofts ; but fuch adlion mutt be brought in three years after the offence, and fo£ falfe oaths tp incur the penalty of perjury, and tlie a6t to continue till Aug. 1, 1791, and no longer, except tor offences. Same a6f, f. 22. See fchedules tp this a£h A. & B.

. South Wales, [New).

I* T55^- 7sr 8df. for the civil etta-blilhment of New South Wales, from Qcl.^ 10, |79p, to the fame day^

1791.	Chap. 32. f. 23.

%. 51,638/. 6s. 1 id. iffued for provisions for the fettlernents in Soi^th Wales. Chap. 32. I. 24. *

Spirits and Spirituous Liqutrs.

>.	.	.	*	V

1.	So much of the a6l 27 Geo. 3.

■ c. 31. as direds all fpirits to be

deemed of the ttrength denoted by £lnrke\s hydrometer continued to end of next ielfion, Chap. 18. f. 3*

2.	The duties impofed by 27 Geo. 3.

: c. 13, on walh made in England,

for extracting fpirits for home: confumption,and which by 29 Geo. 3, c. 45. were continued to July 5^

'	:	'	“ l'79.oi

Hosted by Google

,	spi

1790,	further continued till July 5,

1791,	&c. arid to be paid by 26

Geo. 3. c. 73. & 28 Geo. 3. c. 46, Chap. 37. f. i.	7<

3.	Part of fed, 1, and fed. 2, 3, & 4 of ad 29 Geb. 3. c. 45. whereby there {hould be allowed permits at the rate of 142 gallons of Britijh brandy, redified Britijh fpirits or compounds, which redifiers or compounders (hould receive from diftillers of the ftrength of 1 to 10, over hydrometer proof, or which 8 they (hall have made of the ftrength aforefaid; and to account for (lock every 3 months, and if upon fuch account the quantity exceed the preceding account added to the quantity fince received by permits of the ftrength aforefaid, fuch over- c. plus may be feized by the officer of excife, and if the owner, out of wbofe ftock fuch excefs came, be difcovered to forfeit 50/. and no redifier to fell fpirits of greater ftrength than 1 in 6, under hydrometer proof, and if fuch redifier Hath not ufed fuch whole allowance to dedud fufficient to reduce the ftock found, to the ftrength of 1 in 4&?^ths, under hydrometer proof, to be cut off their credit, and the faid fedions of the faid ads repealed. Same ad, f, 2.

4.	And to make the redifiers amends fer fuch alterations, they are to be allowed permits for not more than 150 gallons of brandy. See. for every 100 gallons of raw Britijh fpirits as received from the diftiller of the ftrength*of 1 to ip over hydrometer proof. Same ad, f. 2.

5.	‘Officers to take an account of rectifiers ftock in 30 days after the ad paffed, and afterwards once in 3 months, and if after the firft account, any excefs above the allowance' fpecified be found, may be feized, and the owner to forfeit 50/. Same ad, f. 3,'4.

6.	If any part of the allowance ap-

Sia	169

pears to have been ufed, to be taken from the redifier’s credit. Same ad, f. 5.

, If redifiers fell fpirits of greater ftrength than 1 in 5 under hydrometer proof, may be feized, and to forfeit treble value, or 50/. in the whole, at the eledion of the King’s attorney general, or the profecutor, and the (ingle value to be rated at the price fuch brandy, &c. bears in London at the time. Same ad, f. 6.

. Penalties to be recovered as by the laws of excife, or by adion in any court of record at Weftminjler, or in the exchequer in Scotland, and one moiety to go to the King, and the other to the informer profecut-ing. Same ad, ft 7.

). So much of ad 21 Geo. 3. c. 55. f. 30. as relates to any increafe dif-covered by the excife officer, in the ftock of any dealer in Britijh fpiri-tuous liquors, not to be forfeited if the owner make it appear, that fuch increafe was made by mixing water amongft the ftock, in the prefenpe of the excife officer, of the divifion, repealed. Same ad, f. 8. ip. So much of 29 Geo. 3. c. 45. f. 7. as enads, that the ad 26 Geo.

3.	c. 73. except fuch part as is re^ pugnant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 46. and the faid laft, except what is exprefly repealed by 29 Geo. 3. c. 45. to be revived, and continued till July 5,

1791.	Same ad, f. 9.

Stage Coaches.

xf Ad 28 Geo. 3. c. 57. for limiting the number of perfons to be carried on the outfide of ftage coaches, or other carriages, altered, explained and amended; and for regulating the condud of the drivers and guards. Chap. 36.

2.	From Sept. 29, 1790, if the driver of any ftage coach, chaife, or other carriage of like fort, drawn by three or more horfes, and travelling for

hirej

Hosted by GoO^lC

170	Sto

hire, permit more than one perfon on the coach box, befides himfelf, and four perfons on the roof; if fuch coach, &c. with lefs than three horfes, more than one perfon on the coach box, and three on the roof (except the driver of fuch coach, &c. with lefs than three horfes, which fhall not travel more than 25 miles from the Pofl Office, London, and who (hall not carry more than one perfon on the coach box, and four on the roof at the fame time) to be conveyed by any fuch coach, &c. every fuch driver (hall pay to the collector of the tolls at every turnpike gate fuch carriage fhall pafs, 5;. for each perfon above the number fo limited; and if any driver, fhall fet down or take up, any perfon whereby the faid payment may be evaded, then fuch driver fo offending, beingcon-victed either by confeffion, the view of a juftice, or the oath of a credible •witnefs, may be committed to gaol for one month, and not lels than 14 days: and that 55. for every paf-fenger beyond the number allowed, to be levied as the turnpike tolls. Chap. 36. f. 2.

3.	From the fame time the name of the proprietor to be painted on the outfide of each door of every ftage coach (except the mail coaches)

- Same a£t, ft 3.

4.	Coachmen permitting others to drive, or by negligence, or mif-conduct, overturning the carriage or endangering the paffengers, to forfeit 51, and not lefs than 405. Same a<5l, ft 4.

5.	If the guard of any ftage coach or other carriage, while going on the road, fires his piece, other wife than for defence, to forfeit 205. Same

ft 5.

Stowmarket, (Suffolk).

See Rivers, (Navigable). Chap, 57.

Ter

Stowupland Bridge.

See RiverSy (Navigable). Chap. 57- f* S3-

Streathaniy {Surrey).

See Poory {Workhoufe). Chap. 80*

Streets, {Hans Town).

For forming and keeping in repair the ftreets, and other fublick paffages, in a certain diftrid of the parilh of St. Luhy Chelfeay in Middle-/ex, called Hans Toion, and for other-wife improving the fame. Chap. 76. See Pavingy (Wejhninjler). Chap. 53. f. 31. 42. & 61.

Strickland.

For diverting out of the crown the reverfion in fee of the eftate formerly of Sir Roger Strickland knt. deceafed, in Catterick and Tunjlally in Yorkjhire: and for verting the lame in the feveral perfons in titled thereto, and for ex-tinguirtting a term of 100 years, for which the faid eftate was limited, in truft for King George the Firft, his heirs and fucceftors. Chap. 51.

Sunderlandy {Durham).

See Coahy (Durham). Chap. 78.

T.

Tallies of'Loan.

gEE Gpnfolidated Fund. Chap. 32*

Tamer, River {Devon & Cornwall)).

See Ferries. Chap. 6j.

Terms in the Exchequer.

Szz Scotland. Chap, ij*

Tin.s

Hosted by Google

Tob

'Tin.

1.	The duties of cuftoms upon unwrought tin, exported to any country beyond the Cape of Good Hope% taken off. Chap. 4. f. 1.

2.	If bond given fo to land it, to be cii(charged by certificate from the fupercargo of the Eaft India company, if landed in China; or by the governor and two of the council, if landed in the company’s fettle-ftients, or from two merchants where the company have no fettle-ments, to be produced in 30months to the colletor or comptroller of the cuftoms in England. Chap. 4-f. 2."

Tobacco and Snuff.

1.	To explain and amend the at 29 Geo. 3. c. 86. for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and granting new duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 40.

2.	Only the duties of id. Sc 2d. per pound impofed by the faid at to be paid for Spanijh or Portugal tobacco, delivered for exportation from the King’s warehouse. Same a cl, f. 1.

3.	If there be a difference in.weight by ihrinkage, fuch tobacco to be paid for according to the weight when delivered out of the ware-houfe. Same at, f. 2.

4.	No tobacco or fnuff to be imported in calks of lefs than 450 pounds weight nett, except as in this at provided, on pain of forfeiture with the package, &c. Same at, f. 3. No tobacco (except Spanijh or Por» tugaj and fnuff) to be imported in any ftate of manufacture, on pain of forfeiture with the package, See. and alfo the (hip, boat. See. which may be feized by officers of cuftoms or excife. Same at, f. 4.

6.	Tobacco imported before Oil. 10, 1789, $nd remaining in any ware-

Tob 17I

houfe on July 5, 1790, deemed imported unce Oft. 10, 1789* Same at, f. 5.

7.	Commiffioners of cuftoms or excife may caufe damaged or mean tobacco to be burnt in three days after refufal to pay the duties. Same at, f. 6.

8.	Claufe of 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. f. 64. which prohibits the manufaturing of tobacco out of the limits of the excife office, London, except the places therein fpecified, repealed. Same at, f. 7.

9.	No manufatory of tobacco, Sec. or (huff, to be fet up within 5 miles of the fea coaft (except in the parts and places in the faid at enumerated, where tobacco may be lawfully imported, and except within 3 miles of fuch port, and except in cities, or the fuburbs, or in market

. towns) but not to extend to places duly entered at the excife office before July 5, 1786. Same at, f. 8.

10.	Snuff work may be manufatur-ed into rappee, Scotch, or brown Scotch, though contrary to the declaration delivered to the officer, if the manufaturer obferve the regulations of this at, but notice to be given to the officer of an intention to manufature the fnuff different from the declaration. See. which is to fpecify the calk, &c. wherein the fnuff is, and other particulars, and to work in 48 hours after, or to deliver a frelh declaration. Same at, f. 10.

11.	To the fnuff working operation, tobacco, Sec. may be added, one during each operation, as fpecified; and if the manufaturer comply with the at, the whole of any fnuff working cure may be mixed with any other parcel at different times, if done in the prefence of art officer. Sec. on notice given to the officer, but not otherwise, on penalty of 50/. Same at, f. 11.

12.	Eriiijh rappee, Scotch, or brown

Scotch

Hosted by Google

lyz	"Tob

Scotch fnuff, completely finiflied, may be liquored before mixed with a different making, fo it exceed not legal credit; but if it does, to give notice to the officer, &c. and nb fnuff to be liquored in lefs parcels than 20olb. weight, nor in more than four different parcels at one making, and fnuff, for which fuch allowance is made to be kept fepa-rate from all other, on penalty of 20/. and Scotch fnuff and tobacco ftalk flower into rappee fnuff. Same act, f. 19.

13.	In taking (lock of fuch fnuff, the following credit is to be given, viz. For every 100lb. weight of Scotch fnuff, and tobacco ftalk flour for brown Scotch fnuff, to have credit for 140#. weight. — For loolb. weight of tobacco ftalk flour made with Scotch fnuff for brown Scotch fnuff, to have credit for 133lb. weight. — For \oolb. weight of tobacco ftalk flour made into rappee fnuff, credit 1281b. weight. — For 100lb. weight of tobacco ftalk flour, for brown Scotch fnuff, 133lb. weight. — Any excels found in credit forfeited. Same a<t, f. 21.

14.	Siftings of fecond dreffmgs of fhort and fhag t.obacco, and returns of fnuff, to be deemed returns of tobacco, and the manufacturer may keep and ufe dye for ftaining tobacco. Same act, f. 23.

15.	So much of 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. f. 115. repealed, as directs permits for removal of tobacco or fnuff from the mill, to be for no more tjiaq the weight after being ftoved or dried j permits may be granted for the removal of not lefs than 200lb. of unmanufactured tobacco in any package from entered pre-mifes to the mill. Same a<t, f. 24.

j6. Stalks ftripped from the leaf may be removed, by permit, from entered premifes out of the limits of the bills of mortality into thofe limits, and tobacco^ &c, may be re-

XJni

moved to any entered mill to be manufactured, and permits for removing the fame back again, not illegal on account of any operation at the mill; but fnuff work removed, except from the premifes where laid down to the mill, to be forfeited, &'c. Same act, f. 29.

17.	Notice to be given previous to any operation, and if not begun in an hour after, to give freft) notice. Same act, f 30.

18.	Penalties to be recovered by the laws of cuftoms or excife, or in the courts at Wejiminfier, or the exchequer in Scotland, and to be divided between the King and the informer profecuting. Same act, f. 31.

Tools.

The prohibition continued to the end of the next feflion. Chap. 18. f. 2.

Tor point ^ (Cornwall).

See Ferries. Chap. 61.

Transports.

See the King, ttV. Chap. 47,

Treafon

See Women. Chap. 48f

Truro, (Cornwall).

See Paving: the jurifdiction of the mayor extended to Kenivyn, Callenick, and Clement Streets. Chap. 62.

U.

United States of America.

See Quebec. Chap. 8.

i.	Acts 23 Geo. 3. c. 39. and 24 Geo. 3. c. 45. fo far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the United States of Ante-

ricQy

Hosted by Google

War

rlca, continued till April 5, 1791* Chap. 11. f. 1.

2.	After 1, 1790, any fubjeds

of the United States coming from thence with their families to any of the Bahama, or Bermuda, or Somers IJlands, or any part of §>ue-bec, or Nova Scotia, or any of the King’s territories in	America,

with intent to fettle there, having obtained a licence for that purpofe from the governor, &c. may import into the fame in Britijh (hips, navigated according to law, any negroes, houfehold furniture, uten-fils of hufbandrv or cloathing, free of duty, not exceeding 501. value, for a white perfon, and 40;. for every negroe, and if any difpute arife, the fame to be determined by three Britijh merchants, one appointed by the governor, one by the collector of the cuftoms, and one by the perfon fo coming to fettle. Chap. 27. f. I.

3.	Sales of negroes fo imported (except the owner be a bankrupt) within 12 months to be void. Same ad, f. 2.

4.	All white perfons coming to refide, to take the oaths of allegiance if above 14 years of age. Same ad, f-3-

w.

Water.

i*Tj^OR better fupplying the city of I* Norwich, and parts adjacent with water, and the corporation impow-ered to make works. Chap. 21.

2.	For preferving the works made for fupplying the town of Bradford, in York/hire, and part of the town-fhip of Horton, in the fame parifh, with water from the fpring at North Bier!/; and for the more eafy recovery of the rents for fuch water, and to enable the proprietors

Worn	1	jt

thereof to borrow 2,000/. for improving fuch works. Chap. 63.

3.	For fupplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in Yorkfhire, with water, and lighting and cleanfing the ftreets, &c. Chap. 68.

WaterbeachLevel (Cambridgefhire).

See Fens. Chap. 74.

Weft Indies.

See Quebec. Chap. 8.

The importation of Cajhew gum permitted from the King’s Weft India iflands on the fame duties as gum Arabic and gum Senegfl. Chap. 28.

Weftminfter.

See Churches, {St. James's). Chap.

70.	See Marine Society, (Fifk-market). Chap. 54. See Pavings (Weflminjlerf Chap. 53.

Willisy (Francis).

See Annuities. Chap. 44.

Wine.

Powers by former ads relating to the retailing wine, Sec. (unlefs hereby altered) to extend to this ad. Chap. 13. f. 19. See Licences.

Women.

1.	The judgement formerly given againft women, convided cf certain crimes, difeontinued, and another judgement fubftituted in lieu thereof j and after June 5, 1790, women convided of high treafon, to be hanged; and if of petit treafon liable to the fame punifhment as for wilful murder, by 23 Geo. 2. c. 27. Chap. 48.

2.	And if under fentence to be burnt, the King may order women to be hanged, and for high or petit treafon liable, to the like forfeitures

and

Hosted by (jOCK^lC

174	Wor

and corruption of blood as heretofore. Same aft.

Workhouses.

Sce Poor, (Mancbefter). Chap. 81.

1.	Juftices of the peace, and any phyfician, furgeon, or apothecary, may, by warrant from a juftice, or the officiating clergyman of any parifh, vifit any workhoufe, and certify the ftate of the poor to the next quarter feffions, who may make orders and regulations about

„ the fame, as they think proper. Chap. 49.

2.	If any of the poor found afflifted . with any contagious diforder, on application to any juftice of the divifion, he may give orders for immediate relief, and the expences

Tuc

to be paid out of the poor’s rate* but this not to extend to work-houfes regulated by aft of parliament. Same aft, f. 2, 3.

; \ '

Writs.

See Scotland. Chap. 17. f. $■

Y.

Yucatan, {South America).

GOODS imported from the fettle-mentof Yucatan** in South America, and fold by auftion in Great Britairii exempt from the excife duties impofed by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. on fuch Tales; and a drawback allowed of duties on goods exported to Yucatan. Chap. 26*

The END of the INDEX,

Hosted by Google

THE

Statutes at £arp,

Anno	triceftmoprimo Georgii III. Regis:

Being the FIRST Seffion of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Voi. XXXVII. Part II.

,A TABLE

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

		A
T	A	B L E
	+	O F T H E
S T	A	T U T E S
PUBLIC		K and PRIVATE,

Palled Anno tricefmo primo

G E O R G I I III. Regis:

Being the Firft Seffion of the Seventeenth Parliament of

Great Britain.

PUB LICK ACTS.

Cap. i. TT'OR granting to his Majefty additional duties upon worts, wafb, and other liquors, brewed or made ir> England, tor extrading fpirits for home confumption ; upon fpirits made in Scotland and imported into England\ and upon Foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain ads for difcontwuing,for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, waf!), and others-liquors, there ufed in the dif illation of fpirits, and for granting to his Adajefy other duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the exportation of Rriu(\\~made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England ; and to continue, for a limited time, an ad made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to difcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon lovp. wines and fpirits for home confumption \ and for granting and fe-curing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof-and for the. better regulation of the making and vending Britifh fpirits.

Cap. 2. For granting to his Majefty additional duties upoit malt.

Cap. 3. To give further time to John Macbride efquire, and his fureties, for entering into their recognizances, in refped of his'petition prefented to the houfe of commons, complaining of an undue eledion and retuna for the borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon.

a 2	Cap.	4.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 4. To continue and amend fo much of two adls, made in the laft feffion of parliament, as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and to the authoring his Ma-jefty to permit the exportation of corn, grain, meal, or flour, and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties.

Cap. 5. For granting to his Majefry additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes therein mentioned.

Cap. 6. For granting an aid to'his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifecl in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand leven hundred and ninety-one.

Cap. 7. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain, duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

Cap. 8. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify julfices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, qnd for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law', or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid ; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped ; to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranfmit deferiptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited bylaw; and for giving further time for that purpofe.

Cap. 9. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on (bore.

Cap. 10* For altering and amending fo much of an ad!, pafled in the twenty-eighth year of his,Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for removing any doubt refpefting the poiver of the commi([toners for the affairs of India, to dire ft that the expence of raifing, tranfporting, and maintaining, fuch troops as may be judged neceffary for the fecuruy of the Britifh territories and poffeffions in the Eaft Indies, Jhculd be defrayed out of the revenues arifing froxa the [aid territories and pof-feffions; and for limiting the application of the [aid revenues in the manner therein mentioned, as relates to fuch diredlions as (ball be given or approved by the faid commiflioners with refpedt to the payment of certain proportions of his Majefty’s forces in India, and of the European forces of the Eajl India company, therein specified.

Cap. 11. For removing any doubt refpedling the fale of mortgage of annuities, purfuant to an ad! made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to enable the Eaft India company to raife money by fale of annuities, and by in-(rcafmg their capitalflock.

Cap. 12, To continue the laws now in force for regulating

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the trade between the fubjecds of his Majedy’s dominions and ' the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united fiates of America, fofar as the fame relate to tlie trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the fa id united dates.

Cap. 13. For punidling mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 14. For appointing commiffioners for putting in execution an ad of tin’s feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majcjly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

Cap. 15. For granting to his Majedy an additional duty on fugar imported into this kingdom.

Cap. !i6. For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

Cap. 17. For cleanfmg, lighting, and watching, and levelling the fur faces of the dreets, and other publick places, within the hamlets of Deretend and Bordefey in the county of Warwick; and for removing and preventing nuifances, obftrudions, and encroachments, and regulating the driving of carts arid other carriages ufed for carrying goods, wares, and merchandifes therein.

Cap. 18. To explain and amend an a61, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majedy, intituled, An aft for pavings lighting, cleanfmg, watering, and watching the fireets and other publick places, within fuch part of the parijh of Saint Pancras in the county of Middlefex, as lies on the weft fide 0/* Tottenham Court Road; and for preventing nuifances and obfr lift ions therein; and for obliging the truftees for the care of the faid road, to pave, repair, and cleanfe fuch part of the faid road as is therein deferibed.

Cap. 19. For amending and enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, an a£t made in the thirty-fird year of the reign of his late majedy King George the Second, intituled, An aft for afeertaining and colic fting the poor's rates, and for better regulating the poor, in the parijh of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, in the county of Surrey, and for other the purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 20. For dividing and inclofing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the paridi of CoUingham, in the ead riding of the county of York-, and for amending an a<5t paded in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majedy, for dividing, incloftngi and draining certain lands, grounds, and common pafures, in the faid parijh.

Cap. 21. For granting to his Majedy an additional duty on certificates blued with refpeeft to the killing.-of game.

Cap. 22. For building a new common gaol and feffion houfe* with accommodations thereto, for the county of Surrey, and for difpofing of the prefent county gaol, and the ground thereto be« longing.

a 3	Cap.	23.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 23. For enlarging the term and powers of two a&s made, one in the twenty-fecond, and the other in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preferving, the harbour of Mary Port, in the county

of Cumberland.

Cap. 24. For the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to the town of Ofwefry, and to certain parifhes within the hundred of Ofwejlry, in the county of Salop) and to fuch part of the pari (Vi of Llanymynech as lies within the faid hundred; and to the parifh of Chirk, in the county of Denbigh; and totheparilh of Llanfilin, in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

Cap. 25. For repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promiffory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts; and for granting other duties in Jieu thereof.

Cap. 26. To allow the importation of feal fkins cured with foreign fait free of duty, for a limited time.

Cap. 27. For repealing certain duties of excife upon tanned goat fkins and (beep fkins, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and alfo certain duties of cuftoms on tanned goat fkins imported.

Cap. 28. To enable his Majefty to make compenfation to the officers of the late wine licence office, for the lofs of their offices.

Cap. 29. For eftablifhing a court of civil jurifdiCtion in the iiland of Newfoundland, for a limited time.

Cap. 30. For regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on BritiJI) corn exported.

Cap. 31. To repeal certain parts of an aCt, paffed in the fourteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for making more effeftual provifton for the government of the province of Quebec, in North America; and to make further provision for the government of the faid province.

Cap. 32. To relieve, upon conditions, and under reftriCtions, the perfons therein described, from certain penalties and disabilities to which paprifts, or perfons profeffing the popifh religion, are by law fubjeCt.

Cap. 33. For the payment of the fum of five hundred thou-fand pounds by the governor and company of the bank of England into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer.

Cap. 34. For enabling his Majefty to fettle an annuity of twelve thoufand pounds on his royal highnefs the duke of Clarence, during pleafure.

Cap. 35. To render perfons convicted of petty larceny com* petent witneffes.

Cap. 36. To prevent keels, pan keels, and pan boats, and other boats, and wains and carts being ufed in the removal or carriage of coals, after having undergone any alterations or repairs, without being firft infpeCted, re-ad mea fared, marked, and nailed.

Cap. 37. To prohibit the importation into Great Britain of iilk crapes and tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy, unlefs brought direCtly from thence,

Cap. 38,

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 38. To amend an acft, made in the twenty-eighth yea*4 of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for regulating the trade betiveen the fubjeffs of his Majejlys colonies and plantations in North America* and in the Weft India ijlands, and the countries belonging to the unitedJiates of America; and between his Majejly s faid J'ubjefts and the foreign ijlands in the Weft Indies; and alfo an a£t, made in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchan-dife, in the ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the if and of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the if and of Grenada, in the port of Rofea, in the iffand ^Dominica, and in the port of NafTau, in the ifand of New Providence, one of the Bahama ifandsy under certain regulations and refriftions.

Cap. 39. For the better regulation and government of Teamen employed in the coafting trade of this kingdom.

Cap. 40. For eftablilhing and confirming a certain refolution or order of the governor general in council of Fort William in Bengal, and all a£ts done by virtue thereof; and for granting further powers to the faid governor general, during his refidence on the coafts of Coromandel and Malabar.

Cap. 41. For granting to his Majefty certain fums of money out of the confolidated fund ; for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

Cap. 42. For indemnifying all perfons who have been concerned in advifing or carrying into execution a certain order of council refpecftjng the importation of a limited quantity of lalt— petre; for repealing the duties now payable upon the importation of faltpetre; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 43. To continue feveral laws, relating to the granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britif? and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the importing fait from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a bounty on the; exportation of Briti/b-made cordage; to continue and amend feveral laws relating to the encouragement of the fiftieries carried on in the Greenland feas and Davis's Streights; and to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufactures of this kingdom ; and to prevent the feducing of artificers and workmen employed in thofe manufactures to go into parts beyond the feas; arid to make perpetual an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to permit the free importation of raw goat fkins into this kingdom.

' Cap. 44. To continue the feveral laws therein mentioned, fo far as relates to the afeertaining the ftrength of ^irits by Clarke's hydrometer*

Cap. 45. For the encouragement of the pilchard firtiery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

a 4	Cap.	46*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 46. For the better regulating of g^ols, and other places of confinement.

Cap. 47. To prevent other (hips than thofe laden with tobacco from mooring and ditcharging their lading at the places appointed by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof \ to prohibit the exportation of damaged or mean tobacco; and for permitting the importation of tobacco and fnuff into the port of Netucafle upon Tyne.

Cap. 48. For raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

Cap. 49. For raifing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for defraying the publick expences occafioned by the augmentation of his Majefty’s forces, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 50. For raifing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

Cap. 51. For better protecting the feveral oyfter fifneries within this kingdom.

Cap. 52. To continue, for a limited time, an act pafled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for further regulating the trade or bufmefs of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 53. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.

Cap. 54. To continue for a limited time, and to amend an act made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft to

amend and continue, for a limited time, feveral afts of parliament for regulating the flipping and carrying faves in Britifh veffels from the coaf of Africa.

Cap. 55. For eftablifhing a company for carrying on trade between the kingdom of Great Britain and the coafts, harbours, and countries of Africa; and for enabling the faid company to hold, by grant from his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and from the native princes of Africa, a certain diftrict of land, commonly called The Peninfula of Sierra Leone, now veiled in his Majefty, or belonging to the faid princes, for the better enabling the fa'd company to carry on the faid trade.

Cap. 56. Adore effectually to prevent abufes and frauds committed by perfons employed in the manufactures of combing wool and worfted yarn, in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the faid city.

Cap, 57. For building and maintaining a bridewell and correction houfe in and for the city and county of Edinburgh.

Cap. 58. For the better regulation and government of the company of cutlers, within the liberty of Hallamjhire, in the county of York, and within fix miles of the faid liberty, and of their journeymen and apprentices.

Cap. 59*

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 59. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from, or from near to, the town of Birmingham, in the county of IVar wick, to communicate with the river Severn, near to the city of Worcejier.

Cap. 60. For building a bridge, near the ferry over the river Ouze, from Selby, in the wed: riding of the county of York, to the oppofite (bore, in the parilTi of Hemingborougb, in the eaft riding of the laid county.

Cap. 61. For paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, widen-ing, regulating, and improving, a certain ftreet called The Upper Ground Street, in the parilh of Chrijl Church, in the county of Surrey, and certain other ftreets, lanes, paffages, and places, within the faid parifh; and for removing and preventing encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances therein; and for (hutting up part of an alley or pafiage leading from Bull Alley to Mary gold Court.

Cap.62. For widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleanfing, and lighting the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paftages and places, within the King’s town of Maidjlone, in the county of Kent, for removing and preventing encroachments, obftruc-tions, nuifances and annoyances therein ; for better fupplying the faid town with water, and for repairing the highways within the parifh of Maidjlone.

Cap. 63. For repealing an a6t, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft for paving of the city of Chichefter, and for the better paving, repairing and cleanfing, the ftreets, lanes, and publick ways and paftages within the walls of the faid city, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftrueftions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 64. For repairing, paving, and cleanfing the highways, ftreets, and lanes, within the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftru&ions, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 65. For making and maintaining a navigable communication between the Loughborough canal and the town of Leiccjler> and for making and maintaining a communication by railways or ftone roads, and water levels, from leveral places and mines to the faid Loughborough canal, and for continuing the fame, by paftfing along the faid canal to the faid navigable communication, all in the county of Leicefter.

Cap. 66. To enable the earl of Egremont to make and maintain the river Rother navigable from the town of Midhurjl to a certain meadow called The Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the parifh of Stopham, and a navigable cut from the faid river to the river Arun, at or near Stopham Bridge, in the county of Suffex, and for other purpofes.

Cap. 67, To enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation to borrow a further lum of money to compleat the faid navigation.

Cap. 68. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from. Mancbejler to or near Rrejlo-ke Bridge, in the townfhip of Little

Lever,

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the ST ATU TES.

fever, and from thence, by one branch, to or near the town of Bolton, and by another branch to or near the town of Buryy and to Weddell Brook, in the parifh of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lane after.

Cap. 69, For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kington, ip the county of Hereford, by or through Leominfter, to join the river Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the county of Woreeft er.

Cap. 70* For lighting, cleanfing, and watching the ftreets, lanes, and other pubiick pafiages and places, within thetownfhip of Stourbridge, in the parifh of Old Szvinford, in the county of Worcefter, and for removing and preventing obftrudtions, nui-fances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 71. For taking down and rebuilding the parifh church of All Saints, within the town and county of the town of Southampton^ and for purchafing land for the purpofe of a church yard for the ufe of thefaid parifh.

Cap. 72. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 73. For repairing the parilh church of Saffron Walden, in the county of Effex.

Cap. 74. For building a new church in the town of Wakefield, in the weft riding of the county of York, and for providing a proper burial ground, and making provifion for a minifter to officiate in the laid church.

Cap. 75. For enlarging the powers of an a£l paffed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for rebuilding the panJh church of Saint Chad, in the town of Shrewfbury, and county of Salop; and for providing a new cemetery or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and pafjages to the faid church and cemetery, and for raifing a further fum of money for fully^effeCling the general purpofes in the faid a6f mentioned.

Cap. 76. For improving the navigation of the river Oufe, be-tween Newbaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the .county of Suffex, and for the better draining of the low lands lying in Levees and Laughton Levels, in the faid county.

Cap. 77. For making navigable the rivers Wreak and Eye, from the junction of the faid river Wreak with the intended navigation from Loughborough to Leicefter, at or near a certain place called Turnwater Meadow, in the lordffiip of Coffington, to Mill Clofe Horheftead, in the parifh of Melton Mowbray, all in the county of Leicefter.

Cap. 78. For the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to the feveral parifhes of EUefmere, Middle, Bafchurch, and Hordley, and to the chapelry or diftridt of Hadnal (otherwife Hadnal Eafe) in the county of Salop.

Cap. 79. For better paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and otherwife improving* the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcefter, and for better fupplying the faid town with water.

Cap. 80. For paving the footways of certain ftreets within the city of Lincoln j for cleanfing, lighting, and watching the faid

ftreets.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ttreets, and other ftrects, lanes, and publick patfages and places, within the laid city; and for removing and preventing nuiiances, annoyances, and encroachments therein.

Cap. 8r. For embanking and draining certain fen lands and low grounds within the parifhes of Chatteris and Dodington, and hamlet of IVimblington, in the faid parifh of Dodington, in the yie of Ely and county of Cambridge, and for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte lands within the faid hamlet of Wimblington.

Cap. 82. To continue two ads, made in the fifteenth and thirty-firft years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one-fixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which {hall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of Kirkaldy and liberties thereof.

Cap. 83. For repairing, enlarging, and preferving the harbour of Svaanfea, in the county of Glamorgan.

Cap. 84. For building a bridge crofs the river Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the counties of Middlefex and Surrey.

Cap. 85. For making and maintaining a canal, or navigable communication, from or near a certain place called Abernant, in the county of Glamorgan, to and through a certain place called The Brickfield, near Melincrytban Pill, into the river of Neath, near the town of Neath, in the faid county.

Cap. 86. For enlarging and extending the powers of the pre-fent prefcriptive market within the town and borough of Lewes, in the county of SuJJex, and removing the fame to a more convenient place within the faid town and borough, or within the precind of the cattle of Lewes aforefaid.

Cap. 87. For the better maintenance and fupport of the poor of the parifh of Sunderland, near the fea, in the county palatine of Durham.

Cap. 88. For confirming an agreement entered into between the company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferving the navigation of the river Dee, and certain lords of manors, and other perfons intitJed to right of common upon the wattes and commons, and the old common fait marlhes, lying on the fouth fide of the faid river, below, or to the north-eaft of Greenfield Gate, in the county of Flint, and an award made in confequence thereof.

Cap. 89. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the city of Hereford to the city of Gloucefter, with a collateral cut from the fame to the town of Newent, in the county of Gloucejler.

Cap. 90. For paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing, watering* repairing, and keeping in repair, Finjbury Square, in the parifh of Saint Luke in the county of Middlefex, and part of the manor of Finjbury, and certain other ttreets and places communicating with, or near to, the faid fquare, and for preventing or removing nuifances and annoyances within the fame.

Cap. 91. For draining and dividing a certain moor, or trad:

of

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of wafte land, called King's Sedgmoor, in the county of Sormerfet*

Cap. 92. For dividing, allotting, and inclofing, a certain large open tradi of land within the manor of Holy IJland, in the county palatine of Durham, and for extinguifhing the right of common upon the ancient infield lands within the faid ifland.

Cap. 03. For dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadow ground, half year’s land, common fens, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Anwick, in the county of Lincoln, and for embanking and draining the faid common fens, and certain in-clofed low lands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds> in or near the townfhip of North Kyme, in the faid county.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 94. For making a new road from Saint George's Gate, in the city of Canterbury, to a place called Gutteridge Bottom; and for repairing and widening the prefent road from thence to the Dover turnpike road, in the parifh of Barham, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 95. For amending an a6t, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and repairing the road from the city of Glafgow, in the county., of Lanerk, to Muirkirk, in the county of Ayr, and from thence to the confines of the faid county of Ayr tozvards Sanquhar, in the couzity Dumfries ; and other roads communicating therewith ; and for the more effectually repairing the faid roads, and the road from the village of Gorbals, and new bridge of Glafgow to the chapel of Cambuflangy in the faid county of Lanerk, and branches thereof; and for making and repairing the road from the faid chapel of Ca?nbu~ f ang till it joins the high road leading from Hamilton by Burn-bank towards Eaglejham, in the county of Renfreiv.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of two a£ts, of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, and the laft feffion of parliament, for repairing the road from Bigglefwade, in the county of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the top of Alcona bury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Crofs Hall, to Great Stoughton common, in the county of Huntingdon; and alfo the road leading out of the aforefaid road, at or near the Ferry Houfe, in the parifh of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynef-bury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Crofs Hall Lane, and from the turnpike road in the parifh of Eaton Sokcn to the faid turnpike road near Saint Neots Bridge.

Cap. 97. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, made in the tenth year of his Majefty’s reign,repairing feveral roads in the county of Cardigan; and for repairing other roads in the faid county.

Cap. 98. To enlarge the term of an adt, pafled in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending the road from Wellfbourn Mountfort to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 99. For enlarging the term and powers of two a<3s, of

the

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the ST ATUTE S.

the feventeenth year of his late Majefty, and the ninth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Bufh Common, in the parifh of Harlow, in the county of Effex, to Stump Crofs, in the parifh of Great Chefterford, in the /aid county.

Cap. ioo. For enlarging the term and powers of an a61, of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening feveral roads* leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the county ^/Norfolk; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Methwold Warren Houfe, to a place called The Devil's Ditch, in the faid county.

Cap. ioi. To enlarge the term and powers of an a6f, pa fled in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Bicefter, in the county of Oxford, to Aylefbury, in the county of Bucks.

Cap. j02. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Rohejion Wathan to Saint Clears, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen,

Cap. 103. For repairing and widening the road from the market place in Bicefter, in the county of Oxford, to the Buckingham turnpike road in Aynho, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 104. To repeal fo much of an a6t of the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Vinehall, in the parifh of Mountfteld, in the county of Suflex, to Cripps’s Corner, and from thence to Staple Crofs, and to the turnpike road near the windmill, in the parifh of Beckley, and from Staple Crofs to Longley’s water corn mill, at Kent Ditch, and from Cripp’s Corner to the town of Rye, in the faid county, as relates to the laid roads from Staple Crofs to the turnpike road near the faid windmill, and from Staple Crofs to Long ley’s water corn mill aforefaid; and for enlarging the term and powers of the faid a61, fo far as relates to the reft of the faid roads.

Cap. 105. For enlarging the term and powers of three feveral a6ts, pafled in the flxth and twelfth years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Fyfield, in the county of Berks, to Saint John’s Bridge, in the county of Gloucefter; and from an inn called The Hind’s Head, in the par if? of King ft on Bagpuze, in the faid county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which fanch in the faid county of Berks.

Cap. 106. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the town of Haverfordwefl through the town of Fifhguqrd, to the town of Newport, in the county of Pembroke, and alfo from the town of Fifhguard to the city of Saint Davids, in the faid county of Pembroke.

Cap. 107. To enlarge the term and powers of feveral a61s, made for repairing the roads from Living ft one, by the kirk of Shotts, to the city of Glafgow, and by the town of Hamilton to the towq of Stratkavcn, and for repairing and widening the roads

' from

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

from the confines of the county of Ayr^ at or near Lochgate, to the town of Strathaven, and for repairing the feveral roads leading into the city of Glafgow> fo far as the fame relate to the road leading from the town of Airdrie towards the city of Glafgdiv> through the village of S'bettlejlon* till it falls into the great road from Mur ri eh all to the faid city; and for repairing the road from the faid great road, by Drygate and IVhitehill, to Carntyne; and for repairing and widening feveral other roads; and for building a bridge over the river Clyde, at or near Theevesfoord; and for opening and making certain ftreets in and near the city of Glafgow.

Cap. 108. For more effe&ually amending, widening, and repairing, the road through the feveral parifhes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlefx.

Cap. 109. For opening a new road from Milford, in the county of Pembroke to Stainton, and for amending and widening the road from the faid new road, through Stainton and Johnfon, to Merlin's Bridge, in the fame county.

Cap. 110. For enlarging the term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effe&ual, the powers of two feveral adts, paflfed in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the feventh year of his prefent Ma-jefty, for making a new road from New Street, in the parifh of Saint John Southwark, to and through the feveral places therein mentioned, and for keeping the fame, and feveral other roads adjoining, in repair.

Cap. hi. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<ft, of the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the county of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the county of Gloucefter.

Cap. 112. For continuing and amending an adf, of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the feveral roads from the fouth gate in the borough of King’s Lynn, into the parifhes of Eaft Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Down-ham, in the county ^Norfolk.

Cap. 113. For continuing an acl, of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads frotn the eajl gate in the borough of King’s Lynn, into the parifhes of Geyton and Grimftone, and to the gate next Hillington on Congham Common, and to the north end of Babingley Lane, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 114. For enlarging the term, and varying the powers, of an aci, of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening certain roads leading into the toivn of Rofs, in the county tf/'Hereford, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain ftreets or highways within the faid town, and alfo certain fmall pieces of road communicating with the roads com-prifed in the faid a<ft.

Cap. 115. To continue the term and powers of an a<ft, patted in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George

a	the

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the Third, for repairing and widening the road from Lewes to Brighthelmfton, in the county of Suflex.

Cap. 116. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the Alcejier and Evefoam turnpike road at the end of Wixford Lane, in the county of Warwick, to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old Lane, in the county of Gloucejier.

Cap. 117. To continue and amend an aft, of the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty^for repairing and widening the road from the Exeter turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the parifh of Dunsford, in the county of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the forejl of Dartmore, in the faid county.

Cap. 118. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, palled in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmfton to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the county ofSuffex.

Cap. 119. To enlarge the term of an aft, palled in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roadfrom Whitchurch, in the county ^Southampton, to the turnpike road at Aldermafton Great Bridge, in the county ofBzrks.

Cap. 120. To enlarge the term and powers of three feveral afts, parted in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the fifth and twentieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the town of Sheptcn Mallet, in the county of Somerfet, and for repairing the road from a place called Long Crofs Bottom to the Bruton turnpike road* near Batcombe church, in the faid county; and for paving, cleanf-ing, lighting, and regulating the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paffages, within the faid town.

Cap. 121. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Swindon, to the centre of Chrifian MaU ford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the direction poll in Long Leaz>e Lane, near Lydiard MarJJo, to Cric£-lade, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 1^2. For enlarging the term and powers of two afts, of the fixteenth year of King George the Second, and the ninth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Bowes, in the county of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the.county of Weftmorland; and for repairing and ividening the road from Maiden Caftle, to Kaber Crofs, and other roads therein mentioned, in the faid counties.

Cap, 123. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, parted in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repair-ingand widening the road from Darly Moor, in the county of Derby, to Ellafton, in the county 0/Stafford, and from thence to the turnpike road betwen Leek and Alhborne, in the faid counties of Derby and Stafford.

Cap. 124. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for re~ pairing the highways from that part of Counter’s Bridge ivkicb lies

in

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the porijh of Kenfington, in the county of Middlefex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounflow, to the powder millsy in the road to Staines; and to Cranford Bridge, in the faid county, in the road to Colnbrook; and for repairings turnings or alteringy the highway leading from the faid ready at or near the end of Sion . Lane, to the town tf/lfieworth, in the faid county, and from thence to a gate on the fouth fide of Teddington Field; and alfo the highway leading out of the faid great roady near Smallbury Green turnpikes to a houfe known by the fign ^/'The George, in the town of Ifleworth oforefaid; and for lighting and watering part of the faid highways.

Cap. 125. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, paffed in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majeftysfor repairing and widening the road from The Broken Crofs, in Macclesfield, in the county of Chefter, over the Long Mofs and Monks Heath, to the turnpike road in Nether Tabley, in the faid county, and for turning and exchanging part of the faid road.

Cap. 126. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the town of Haverfordwejl to the city of Saint David?Sy and from the faid city to Caerfaiy in the parilh of Saint David*Sy in the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 127. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an ad, palled in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy,/^r rep airing y wideningy turnings and altering the roads from Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the county of Stafford, to the three mile fone in the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Alhborne, in the county of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Alhborne, near Newhaven, in the county of Derby, and from Warflow to Edon Mine, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 128. For enlarging the term of an ad, of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Burford to Banbury, in the county of Oxford, and from Burford aforefaidy to the turnpike road leading to Stow, in the county of Glou-cefter, at the bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swerford Gate, in the faid county a/Oxford, to the turnpike road in Aynho, in the county ^Northampton.

Cap. 129. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, paffed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An att for reducing into one adl of parliament the feveral laivs slow in force for repairing the road leading from the town or village of Tittenfor, to the mof northern part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt La ne, in the county of Stafford; and for repairing the road from Darlaftone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath, through the town or viU lage fl/’Tittenfor aforefaid\ and for making, and keeping in repair, a road branching out of the faid turnpike road, near the houfe known by the fign of The Black Liony to, or nearly to, Shelton Wharfs all in the parifh of Stoke upon Treaty in the faid epunty of Stafford.

Cap. 130. For more effedually repairing feveral roads leading from the town of Bromyard3 in the county of Herefordy and other roads adjoining thereto.

Cap. 131*

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 131. For enlarging the term and powers of an a£l, paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Dunham Ferry to the fouth end of Great Markham Common, in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 132. For enlarging the term and powers of an a£>, palled in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Workfop to the turnpike road at Kel-ham, and from Debdale Hill to the great northern road at South Mufkham in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 133. For amending and widening feveral pieces of road and opening and making feveral pieces of new road therein de-fcribed, fo as to make a convenient carriage road from Buckingham, through Brackley, to join the Daventry turnpike road near Banbury.

Cap. 134. To enlarge the term and powers of three acts, made in the firft and twelfth years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the third year of his prelent Majefty, for repairing the road from the poivder mills on Houn-flow Heath, in the county of Middlefex, to a place called Bafingftone, near the town of Bagfhot, in the parijh of Windlefham, in the county of Surrey; and for maintaining and repairing Egham Caufeway, in the faid county of Surrey.

Cap. 135. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Great Marlow, in the county of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 136. For enlarging the terms of two feveral adfs, paffed in the tenth and twenty-fifth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for amending the road from Aylefbury, in the county of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the turnpike road between Benfmgton and Shillingford, in the county of Oxford 5 and for amending the road from the turnpike road at Thame to the Oxford turnpike road between Poftcomb and Tetfworth, in the faid county 5 and for making more effectual provifion for repairing the faid roads.

Cap. 137. For continuing and amending certain a&s, of the fecond ana twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Flimwell Vent, in the county of Suffex, through Highgate, in the county of Kent, and the parifhes of Sandhurft, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the faid county af Suflex, and from Highgate aforefaid to Cooper’s Corner in the faid county of Suftex, and for repairing and widening a piece of road communicating with one of the roads comprifed in the faid afts, called Whitebread Lane.

PRIVATE ACTS,	-

S.yiNaft for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, jf"\ meadows, ings, or paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the lordfhips or liberties of Beal, other-You XXXVII,	b	wife

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

wife Beaghall, and Kellingky, in the parifti of Kellington, in the weft riding of the county of York.

2.	An a eft for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common paftures, and vvafte lands, within the parilh of Dove-ridge alias Doverbridge, in the county of Derby.

3.	An adt for naturalizing CbrijUan Noordingh.

4.	An acft for vefting the eftates devifed by the will of the honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceafed, in the county of Somerfety in truftees, to be fold, and for inverting the money arifing by the faie thereof in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the like ufes to which the eftates fo to be fold are fubjedt.

5.	An a61 to enable truftees to cut down and fell timber upon the eftates devifed by the will of Thomas Brand, efquire, and to invert the monies arifing therefrom in the purchafe of lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes of the will, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

6.	An act to diftolve the marriage of John Parflow, efquire, with Elizabeth Hall, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

7.	An a6t for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, ings, paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the lorofhip or liberty of Kellington, in the weft riding of the county of York.

8.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, common ings, ftinted pafture, common and wafte grounds, within the manor of Tadcajler, in the county of York, and county of the city of York.

9.	An adt for naturalizing Luke Foreman efquire.

10.	An adt for naturalizing Nicholas Albert Martinius and James La Fontaine.

11.	An adt for naturalizing Peter Godejfroy, Johanna Catherine Godeffroy, his wife, and John Thornton.

12.	An adt for naturalizing Jacob Krohn.

13.	An adt for ertablifhing and confirming an agreement made between William Parkes and Thomas Read, and Mary his wife, and the right honourable George earl Brooke of Warwick CaJUe and earl of Warwick, for the exchange of certain lands in the county of Warwick, and in the borough of Warwick, in the faid county,

14.	An adt for enabling the dean and chapter of Canterbury and Thomas Glutton to grant building leafes, purfuant to an agreement entered into for that purpofe.

15.	An adt for vefting the Bath eftate, fituate in the ifland of Barbadocs, and late belonging to Edward Day efquire, deceafed, together with the ftock and effects upon or belonging to the fame, in truftees, to be fold and conveyed, purfuant to an agreement for that purpofe; and for applying the money to arife by fuch fale in difcharging the incumbrances thereon, and for other purpofes therein expreffed.

16.	An adt for enabling the truftees of Henry Smith efquire, deceafed, to accept ac onveyancedof divers hereditaments in the parilh of Reigate, in the county of Surrey, and an annual or fee

farm

Hosted by CjOO^lc

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

farm rent of twenty-five pounds, referved out of, or for, the manor of Mount Bures, in the county of EJJex, and a yearly rent of thirty pounds, part of an annual or fee farm rent of forty pounds, referved out of, or for, the manor of Heddington, with the hundred of Bullingdon, in the county of Oxford, in exchange for the feveral manors of Knowle, Sevenoaks, Kempfing, and Sealy in the county of Kent, and divers hereditaments in the feveral parifhes of Sevenoaks, Kemfing, and Seal, in the faid county of Kent, and to convey the laft-mentioned hereditaments accordingly.

17.	An adt to difiolve the marriage of John IValford the younger, with Sophia Elizabeth Jeanes, his now wife, and ro enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

18.	An act for dividing and inclofing the open and common field, and commonable land andground, within the manor and parifh of Great Kineton otherwife Kington, in the county of fVcir-wick, called Gr*at Kineton Field.

19.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, common meadows, common pafiures, fiinted paftures, commons and wafte lands, within the manor and parifil of Eg-ginton, in the county of Derby.

20.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open parts of the common arable fields, a common fiinted pafture, called The Town Clofe, and a certain common, or wafte, called The Hollings, within the manor and townfhip of Kippax, in the weft riding of the county of York.

21.	An a (ft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the opetv. and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, wafte, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parilh of Little JVooljlon, in the county of Bucks.

22.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, paftures, meadows, woods, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the parifhes of Bar/lon otherwife Barke-ft one and Pluugar, in the county of Leicejier.

23.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open common fields., meadows, and paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Hole, in the county of Leiceffer.

24.	An adt for naturalizing Charles Theophilus Cazencve and John Francis Batard.

25.	An adt for naturalizing Frederick Koithan.

26.	An adt for naturalizing Henry Hyman the younger.

27.	An adt for naturalizing Jean Baptijle Armcnd de Choifeuly called Marquis de Choifeul.

28.	An adt for eftablifhing and confirming a certain exchange agreed upon between his grace the archbifhop of York and I Villi am Markham efquire, of certain lands and heriditaments of the faid archbifhop, called Beckey Grange, in the pari fit of Abberford, in the county of York, for certain lands and hereditaments of the laid William Markham, fituate at Langthorne and Crakehall, in the parifhes of Bedale and Hornby, or one of them, in the faid county. ,

b 2	29.	An

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

29.	An ad for vetting certain ettates, late of or belonging to Thomas Staunton efquire, deceafed, in the counties of Effex, Suffolk, and Buckingham, in truftees, to be fold, and for applying the money to arife therefrom in fuch manner as therein is mentioned.

30.	An ad to impower Nathaniel Webb efquire, and others, to grant building and repairing leafes of certain ettates in the parifh of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middlefex.

31.	An ad for dividing and inclottng certain commons and watte lands within the manor of Chadwich, otherwife Chadwick, in the parifh of Bromfgrove, in the county of Worcefer.

32.	An ad for dividing and inclofing that part of ’The Manhood Common, in the hundred of Manhood in the county of Spffex, which lies in the parifh of Birdham, in the fame county^ commonly called or known by the name of Birdham Common.\

33.	An ad for dividing and inclofing that part of The Manhood Common, in the hundred of Manhood, in the county of Suffix, which lies in the parifh of Wef wittering, in the fame county, commonly called or known by the name of We [twittering,, Common', and alfo a certain other open watte or common, called Cackham Green, in the fame parilh.

34.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons and watte grounds within the parifh of Eajhvood, in the county of Nottingham.

35.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain commons and watte lands, within the parilh of Tarvin, in the county of Chejler.

36.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain commons and watte lands within the manor and townlhip of Gbriftle-ton, in the county of Chefter.

37.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, common pa.ttures, and watte grounds, within .the manor or townlhip of Norton in the Clay, in the north riding of the county of York.

38.	An ad for dividing and inclottng the open field, commons, and watte lands, within the manor of Handfivorth, in the county of Stafford.

39.	An ad to enable dame JaneTraffcrd, widow ind relid of fir Clement Trafford knight, deceafed, to take and ufe the furname of Southwell, purfuant to the will of Edward Southwell efquire, deceafed.

40.	An ad for enabling truttees to grant leafes of part of the ettates of Sufanna Ann Treffry Dormer and Jane Treffry Dormer, infants, and to inveft the monies arifing from the- leafes to be. granted on fines, in the purebafe of real ettates to be fettled to the fubfitting uies of the ettates fo to be leafed.

41.	An act for confirming and rendering effedual a partition and divitton between Thomas ITuflier efquire, and Richard William Peirfe efquire, of the manor and mantton houfe of Acklam, in the north riding of the county of York, and of divers mettu3ges, lands, tenements, tythes, and hereditaments, in the parifhes of Aikhun and Middle [brought and in the townfliipsof Linthorpe and

Avfome3

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

A T ABLE of the STATUTES.

Alrfome, in the faid north riding of the faid county of Fork; and for fettling and limiting theintirety of the faid manor and man-fion houfe, and of the fpecifick mefluages, farms, lands, and hereditaments, which, upon fuch partition and divifion, were allotted to each of them, to the feveral ufes therein mentioned, and for other purpofes.

42.	An ad for verting the fettled ertates of William Dicconfon efquire, and Meliora his'wife, and Edward Dicconfon efquire, in the county of Lincoln, and at Wigan, Penwortbam, CoppuU Char-nock, Richard, Crojlon, Worthington^ Burfcough, and Dalton, in Fumefs, in the county of Lancaffery in truftees, upon trurt, to raife money by fale or mortgage thereof, and to apply the money fo to be raifed, in the purchafe of an eftate at Parboldy in the faid county of Lancaffery to be fettled to the ufes of the fettled ertates.

43.	An ad for verting the fettled eftate of Samuel Clowes the younger, efquire, in the county of Lancajler, in himfelf, in fee fimple, and for fettling an eftate of greater value, in the fame county, in lieu thereof, and in exchange for the fame; and for enabling the faid Samuel Clowes to grant building leafes of the eftate hereby fettled.

44.	An ad for amending and rendering effedual the power of fale contained in the marriage fettlement of fir Jacob Wolff baronet, and dame Anne, his wife, fo far as fuch power relates to, or extends over, the manor of Cbumleigh, and divers meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Devon and South-amptony which have been fettled to the ufes therein limited.

45.	An ad to impower Charles Pierrepont efquire, and his iftue male, and alfo the feveral tenants for life under the will of the duke of Kingfton, and their refpedive iftue male, to grant building leafes.

46.	An ad for verting part of the ertates late of fir Charles Sheffield baronet, deceafed, and devifed by his will in ftrid fettlement, in truftees to be fold, and for laying out the money arillng by the fale thereof in the purchafe of other eftates more contiguous to the bulk of the family eftate of the faid fir Charles Sheffield, in the county of Lincoln, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

47.	An ad for effeduating and eftablifhing an exchange agreed upon between the truftees of Wilde's charity and Robert Sparrow efquire, and Mary Bence fpinfter, of certain eftates in the county of Suffolk.

48.	An ad lor dividing and incloftng certain commons or wafte grounds, within the lordlhips or liberties of Heanor and ,Codnory in the parifh of Heanory in the county of Derby.

49.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common marflieq. droves, ~ wafte lands, and grounds, in the pari fin of Gedneyy and hamlet thereof, called Gedney Feny in the county of Lincoln.

50.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, heathy and wafte grounds, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the lord-lhip of Curdworth and Minworth7 in the parifh of Gitrdwfrtb> in the cpnntv of Warwick,

51. An

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

51.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open or common fields, meadow, commons, and wafte grounds, within the liberty of Cbaddefdeti, in the parifh of Spondon, and county of Derby.

52.	An ad for dividing, inclofing, and laying in feveralty, the openahd common fields, heaths, and commonable lands, within the townftiip of Chippenham, in the county of Cambridge.

53.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the moors or wafte lands within the manor and parifh of Nylands with Badcombe, in the county of Somerfet.

54.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable places, within the manor and parifh of Stocktony in the county of War-ivick.

55.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral commons and wafte grounds, common fields, and mefne inclofures, within the manor of Sheffield, in the weft riding of the county of York.

56.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral lands and grounds, in the townfhip of Leven, in the parifh of Leven; in the eaft riding of the county of York.

57.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common paftures, moors, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Nettleton, in the county of Lincoln.

58.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, common meadows, common paftures, lot grounds, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh, townfhips, or hamlets, of Weft Langton, Eaft Langton, Thorpe Langton, and Tur Langton, in the county of Leicefter.

59.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open common fields, commons, wafte, and other commonable lands or grounds, within the manor and parifh of Oddington, in the county of Oxford.

60.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral common and open fields, common meadows, and common paftures, commonly called Edingale Fields, within the parifh of Edingale, in the county of Stafford, and the parifh of Croxall, in the county of Derby.

61.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, in the lordfhip of Ludford, in the county of Lincoln.

62.	An ad for allotting, dividing, and inclofing certain moors, commons, and wafte lands, called Stoke Moor and Draycott Moor, within the manor and parifh of Rodney Stokey in the county of Somerfet.

63.	An a eft to enable Henry Hopkins Fane efquire, and Katherine bis wife, and the heirs male of the body of the faid Katherine, to take the furname of Cholmley only, and to bear the arms of the family of the Cholmleys of Whitby and Wentworth of Howjham, purfuant to the will of Nathaniel Cholmley efquire, deceafed.

64.	An ad to enable Edward Addon Barrar efquire, and the. heirs male of his body, to take the furname of Act on only, purfuant to the will of Edward Adi on efquire, deceafed.

65.	An ad to enable Thomas' Leigh efquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Hare only,

66.	An

Hosted by Google

A T ABLE of the ST ATUTES.

66.	An ad for naturalizing Francis Louis Bonapace efquire.

67.	An ad for naturalizing Anthony Ravee.

68.	An ad to diffolve the marriage of Henry Cecil efquire, with Emma Vernon his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

69.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte grounds within the manor of Hope, in the county of Flint, and alfo a certain trad of common or wafte ground in the townfhips of Lower Kinnerton and Dodleflon, within the manor and parifh of Dodleflon, in the county of Chefler.

70.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, commons, and wafte lands, within the parilh of Alconbury with Weflon, in the county of Huntingdon.

71.	An ad to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancorn, of Hollingbourne, in the county of Kent efquire, and his heirs, to take and ufo the furname and arms of Duppa, purfuant to the will of Baldwin Duppa, late of Hollingbourne aforefaid, efquire, deceafed.

72.	An ad to enable Baldwin Hancorn efquire, and his firft and other fons, and their iffue male, to take, ufe, and bear, the name and arms of Duppay purfuant to the will of Baldwin Duppa efquire, deceafed.

The End of the T ABLE.

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno	regni GEORGII III. , Mag-

nce	Britannia, Francice>	,

T the parliament begun and holden at Weft-

miniler, the twenty-fifth day of November, Anno Domini 1790,	in the thirty-firft year of the

reign of ourfovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. Being the firjl fejjion of the feventeenth parliament, of Great Britain.

An aft for granting to his Majefy additional duties upon wortsy wajh, -and other liquors, brewed or made in Englander extraftingfpirits for home confumption; upon fpirits ?nade in Scotland and imported into England; and upon Foreign fpirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain afts for difcontinuing, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland, upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wa{h, and other liquors, there ufed in the diftillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of Britijh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue for a limited time, an aft made in the twenty-fxth year of the reign of his prefent Ma~ jejly, to difcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and fpirits for home confumption, and for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vend*-ing Britijh fpirits.

CAP. I

you xxxviT

N

Hosted by

Moft

Google

176 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 1.	[1791.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. T T 7 your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s pub-lick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fevera] additional rates and duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent From Jan. 5, parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, 1791, the fol- from and after the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hun-tion^duties ^red anc^ ninety-°ne? there fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and of exciie to paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, for be paid; viz. and in refpeft of the feveral kinds of wort, wafh, or-other liquor herein-after mentioned, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England,, for extracting fpirits for home confumption; and for and in relpeft of fpirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England; and for and in refpect of brandy, rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain, over and above all duties already impofed for or in refpect thereof refpedfively, by any aft or afts of parliament, the further duties of exciie herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay),

For every gal- For every gallon of fermented wort or wafh which fhall be Ion of wort brewed or made, in that part of Great Britain called England, for land^on^11^" extra<^ng fpirits for home confumption, from any malt, corn, malt, &c. for grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, to be paid by the extracting makers or diftillers thereof, one penny: ipiritsforhome confumption, id.

For every gal- For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wafh or liquor &c or oFwafh	brewed	or made, as aforefaid, from any fort or

from other kind of Britijh materials (except fuch ps are before mentioned), Britifh mate- or from any mixture therewith, for extrafting fpirits for home rials than be- confumption, to be paid by the makers or diftillers thereof, one edreidenU°n~ penny:

Forever al- For evel7 ga^on ,°f fermented wort or wafh which fhall be JoTofwort brewed or made, as aforefaid, from melaffes or fugar, or any mix-from meJaffes, ture therewith, for extrafting fpirits for home confumption, to be or iugar, paid by the makers or diftillers thereof, one penny halfpenny: zcb	For	every	gallon	of	wafh which fhall be brewed or made, as

Jon* of'wafhT " af°re^a^> from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder, or wafh from foreign prepared from foreign materials, except melaffes and fugar, or wine, See. ad. any mixture therewith, for extrafting fpirits for home confump-For every 96 ^on’ to	^y	the	makers or diftillers thereof, two-pence:

gallons of	For every ninety-fix gallons of wafh which George Bijhop of

wafh pro-	Maidjlone fhall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, in-

duced by G. eluding the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and Eifliop from	5	0	&	twelve

Hosted by Google

*79**] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. i? 177

twelve pounds, the fum of two (hillings and eight-pence three not more than

farthings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of

fuch wafh:	#	aS*

For every gallon Englijh wine meafure of fpirits of a ftrength For eV ^ not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which ]on of fpirits (hall be made or manufadtured in that part of Great Britain called not exceeding Scotland,, and imported or brought from thence into that part of *	10 over

Great Britain called England\ to be paid by the importer thereof proof,^ade before the landing thereof, five-pence halfpenny:	in Scotland

and imported into England, 5d. sq. and for every Arid for every gallon Englijh wine meafure of fuch fpirits of a gallon of greater ftrength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, i^to^o^ and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydro-over hydrometer proof, an additional duty in proportion to the meter proof, furplus ftrength, to be paid by the importer thereof before the and not ex*

landing thereof:	ceefnS 3 per

°	cent, a pro-

portional additional duty.

For every gallon of Angle brandy* which fhall be imported into. For everv Great Britain, to be paid by the importer before the landing }on Gf hngle thereof, ten-pence :	brandy im-

ported into Great Britain, iod. and For every gallon of brandy above proof, which fhall be im- for every gal-ported into Great Britain, to be paid by the importer before the Ion above landing thereof, one (hilling and eight-pence :	proof, is. 8d.

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita^ of the produce F°r every gal-of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which (hall be imported from ^ °fVom\he beyond the feas into Great Britain, to be paid by the importer Briiifh colo-before the landing thereof, eight-pence:	nies, 3d. and

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita above proof, of for every gal-the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which (hall be lon °^/ucil imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain, to be paid by Pr*00f the importer before the landing thereof, one (hilling and four- IS. 4Cj. * pence:

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, of the produce For every gal-of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which, on the twenty-eighth Ion of fuch day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, (hall be rum, ^c* in any warehoufe in which the fame fhall have been put, fubjecS houfe on Dec. and according to the rules, regulations, reftri&ions, and provi- a8, 1790, and lions contained and provided in an a<ft, made in the fifteenth year delivered out of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, con- after that day* cerning the landing of rum or fpirits of the Britijh fugar planta- * 8X1 tions before payment of the duties of excife, and lodging the fame in warehoufes, and which (hall, from and after the faid twenty-eighth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, be delivered out of any fuch warehoufe, eight-pence, to be paid by the importer upon demand:

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, over proof, of for every gal-the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which, on the l°n above faid twenty-eighth day of December one thoufand feven hundred ^ered and ninety, (hall be in any fuch warehoufe, and which (hall, from * and after the faid twenty-eighth day of December one thoufand

N 2	feven

Hosted by Google

178 Anno rcgni tricefimo pritno Georgii III* c. i« [1791.

feven hundred and ninety, be delivered out of any fuch warehoufe one {hilling and four*-pence, to be paid by the importer upon demand :

For every gal- For every gallon of Angle fpirits, or aqua vita (other than fuch f^rhs^&c16 brandy> rum, fpirits, or aquavit# as aforefaid) which fh all be otherthanfuch imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain, to be paid by brandy, &c. the importer before the landing thereof, ten-pence: as aforefaid, imported into Great Britain, iod. and

for every gal- For every gallon of fpirits, or aqua vita, (other than fuch *°roof °V8 8d brandy> rum> fpirits, or aqua vita as aforefaid), above proof, which proo , is.	• fhall be imported from beyond the feas into Great Britain,	to be

paid by the importer before the landing thereof, one fhilling and eight-pence.

Additional II, Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore-&ctyfrom^t1he, fr*d> ^bat tbe additional rate or duty hereby impofed, for or in Bri*tifh pianta- refpedt of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the Britijb tions, may be colonies or plantations, imported into this kingdom, may be bonded. bonded and fecured, and lhall be paid and payable in fuch manner only, and under fuch regulations and reftri6tions, as the rates and duties of excife heretofore charged for or in refpeft of fuch rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, may be now bonded and fecured, and are by law paid and payable.

Wafh brewed III. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the autho-in England,ac* rjty aforefaid. That no wafh which {hall be brewed or made in a8Geo?3 c 46 tbat Part Great Britain called England, under and according to to be ex- * the rules, regulations, and provifions of an a6b made in the ported to twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for ex-Snotland^jiot tracking low wines or fpirits for exportation from thence to that with^any duty Part Great Britain called Scotland, {hall be charged or charge-under this atf:. able with any duty or duties of excife granted by this aft.

Duties to be IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That under the fuch of the duties by this aft impofed as {hall arife in that part of Great Britain called England, {hall be under the management of mi (Boners of tbe commiffioners of excife in England for the time being; and excife in Eng- fuch thereof as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scot-land and Scot- land, (hall be under the management of the commifiioners of ex-tivel	cife hi Scotland, for the time being.

V.	And whereas Jlanding contrasts may have been made, before the faidfifth day a/'January one thoufiandJeven hundred and ninety-one, by dijlillers and makers of fpirits, for Britifh fpirits to be delivered after the faid fifth day of January one thoufiand feven hun-A fum equi- dred and ninety-one; be it therefore enabled by the authority valent to the aforefaid. That luch diftillers and makers of fpirits delivering dutltl<mal be ^ucb Britijh fpirits after the faid fifth day of January one thou-charged on fand feven hundred and ninety-one, in purfuance of fuch con-Britifh fpirits tracts, {hall be allowed to add fo much money as will be equivalent delivered alter to the duties by this a<Sb impofed, for or in refpeft of the wort or o^contrl&l* wa^ from whence fuch fpirits were extrafted or made, to the made before price thereof, and {hall be entitled, by virtue of this aft, to be that day. paid for the fame accordingly*

VI. And

Hosted by Google

I791-] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. r> 179

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That The additl-the duties by this aft impofed, for or in refpeft of rum, fpirits, or onal duty on

, aqua vita, of the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations,

fhall be allowed, on the (hipping thereof as ftores to be fpent and plantations,to confumed on board in any voyage' to parts beyond the feas, in the be allowed on fame manner as the former duties impofed thereon now are, or Shipping it as hereafter may be direfted to be allowed by law.	ftores.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the powers, Powers of directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and ^tend^to4, things, which in and by an aft made in the twelfth year of the t^s

reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An att for taking away the court of wardsyand liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice, and-purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof; or by any other law now in force relating to his Ma-jefty’s revenue of excife, are provided and eftablifhed for managing, raifing, levying, collefting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or afcertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or pro-vifions are made and prefcribed by this aft), fhall be praftifed, ufed, and put in execution in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collefting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excife duties by this aft impofed, and for preventing, detefting, and punifh-ing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and re-enafted in this prefent aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Duties of ex-the feveral duties of excife which were by an aft made in the cife impofed twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for re- time pealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other a7Geo.3.c.i3. duties in lieu thereof, impofed for a limited time, for or in refpeft on wafh

of fermented wort, or wafh, brewed or made in that part of Great brewed in Britain called England, for extracting fpirits for home confump- Engtod, for tion, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with fpb-its for the fame, and for or in refpeft of cyder or perry, or other wafh home Conor liquor, brewed or made as aforefaid, from any fort or kind of fumption, and Britijh materials, except fuch as are before-mentioned, or from ^ondnued b any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confump- fubfequent ^ tion; and for or in refpeft of fermented wort or wafh, brewed or afts, further made as aforefaid from melafTes or fugar, or any mixture there- continued till with, for extracting fpirits for home confumption; and for or in b refpeft of wafh, brewed or made as aforefaid from foreign refufed wine or foreign cyder, or Wafh prepared from foreign materials, except melafTes and fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, and which were, by feveral afts made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and thirtieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, continued until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, fhall be, and the fame are hereby feverally and refpeftiyely further continued from the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one,, until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand

N 3	feven	'

Hosted'by Google

i8o Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 2.	[1791.

feven hundred and ninety-three : and the faid duties, together with the additional duties by this a& impofed (except in fuch cafes where other provifions are hereby prefcribed), fhall feverally and refpe&ively be paid and payable by the feveral' and refpeftive makers and diftillers of fuch wort, wafh, cyder, perry, or other liquor refpedively, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the faid duties by the faid a6l impofed, and hereby continued, were feverally and refpecftively payable by law7, under or by virtue of any a£I or a£ts of parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this a£t.

3oGeo.3.c.3y. IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, intituled. An a5i to continue two ads, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for difcon-tinuing, for a limited time, the feveral duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wafh, and other liquors there ufed in the diffcillation of fpirits, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the. exportation of Britijh-made fpirits from England to Scotland? and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an a6f made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, u to difcontinue for a limited time, the payment of the ^ duties upon low wines and fpirits for home conlumption; and <c for granting and fecuring the due payment of other duties in <c lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and cc vending Bi'itijh fpirits ; and for difcontinuing, for a limited time, cc certain impofts and duties upon rum and fpirits imported from a the Weft-Indies” and for amending the faid ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty7 s reign ; and fuch parts of the faid a£fcs of the twenty-fixth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth years aforefaid, as were continued by the faid a61 of the thirtieth year aforefaid, until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, fhall, from and immediately after further>conti- the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nued till July one, continue in full force and effe£t until and upon the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three.

X.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That all monies arifing by the faid rates and duties (the neceflary charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the pub-lick revenues; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, fhall be entered fe-parate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, upon any account whatever; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt, fhall be fubjetft and liable to the ufes and purpofes herein-after mentioned.

Duties paid XI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, into fhe ex- That all the monies arifing or to arife by the faid feveral rates

and

and fuch parts of 26 Geo. 3. c.73.28Geo.3. c. 46. and s^Geo. 3.0.45. as were continued by that a£t to July, 5, 1791,

5> 1793 Duties to be paid into the exchequer, and kept fe« parate from other monies

Hosted by

Google

179**] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 2.	181

and duties hereby impofed, which {hall be paid into the laid re-chequer on or ceipt, at any time or times on or before the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two3 {hall be carried to, and carried °to the made part of, the fund called The Confolidated Fund\ and that, confolidated from and after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hun- fund, and af-dred and ninety-two, all the monies arifing, or to arife, by the ^JtTeTto beT faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, after the faid appiieci jn fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, payment of fhall, together with fuch other rates and duties as {hall be granted 8oo,oooL to by any aft or afts of this prefent fefiion of parliament, for this exch^uer ^ purpofe, be a fund for the payment and difcharge of the principal i fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, part of the film of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, in purfuance of any aft of this fefiion of parliament, together with fuch intereft as fhall by the faid aft be directed to be paid, or made payable, for the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds ; and {hall be iffued, applied, and difpofed towards the paying off and difcharging the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and intereft to become due thereon as aforefaid, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Uponpayment

upon payment of the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand of the faid r y J „ . n r,	1	,	,	r	.	‘	t	.800,0001. and

pounds, and all interelt to become due thereon, or referving at intereft, the

the faid receipt of exchequer fo much money out of the faid fund, duties hereby to be eftablifhed as aforefaid, as fhall be fufficient to fatisfy and granted to difcharge the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, ceaPe# and all intereft as aforefaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be directed by the faid aft of this fefiion of parliament, the faid rates and duties hereby impofed, fhall from thenceforth ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the rules and regulations of this aft, refpefting the faid additional rates and duties hereby impofed, fhall alfo from thenceforth ceafe and determine, except as to the recovery of any arrears of the faid rates or duties, which may at that time have accrued or grown due; or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture which may have been then incurred.

CAP. II.

An act for granting to his Majejly additional duties upon malt. Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, being defirous by the moft eafy and effeftual ways and means to raife the neceffary fupplies for defraying your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral duties herein-after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be eriafted; and

N 4,	b§

Hosted by Google

lowing additional duties to be paid, viz.

182 Anno regni tricefimoprime Georgii III. c. 2.	[1791.

From Jan. 5, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with ?79*’ t ?.P9 the advice and confent of the lord’s fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the fifth day of 'January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, .there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, paid, and fatisfied, unto and for the ufe of his Ma- > jefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, for and upon all malt, the rates, duties, and malt impofitions herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay,)

For every	For and upon every bufhel of malt which, at any time or times,

bufhel ormalt, {ball be made of barley, or any other corn or grain, within that land6 Wale?' Part Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of and Berwick Berwick upon Tweedy by any perfon or perfons whomfoever, upon Tweed, whether the fame fhall be or not be for fale, the fum of threepence, and fo proportionably for any greater or lefe#quantity, to be paid by the maker or makers thereof refpe£tively, over and above all other rates, duties, and impofitions charged or chargeable thereupon, f or that may be payable for the fame:

And for and upon every bufhel of malt which, at any time or times, fhall be made of barley, or any other corn or grain, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland., by any perfon or perfons whomfoever, whether the fame fhall be or not be for fale, the fum of one penny halfpenny, andfo proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity, to be paid by the maker or makers thereof refpec-tively, over and above all other rates, duties, and impofitions charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the fame: every	And for and UpGn every bufhel of malt which, at any time or

from6Scotland times, fhall be brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or the into England, town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of one penny halfpenny, and &c. id. aq. fo proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity, over and above ronnrk11^ the ^ere^n”^e^ore granted upon malt made in Scotland, and made^Scot- other rates, duties, and impofitions, charged or chargeable land.	thereupon, or that may be payable for the fame.

3d. and

for every bufhel made in Scotland, id. aq.

For every	II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That

bufhel of malt there fhall alfo be raifed, levied, colledted, paid, and fatisfied fion^of^aif6^'	unt0 an<^ ^or t^ie u*~e his	Majefty, his heirs and	fuccefTors, for

i^alfter,ai&c.	and upon every bufhel of	malt, whether ground	or	unground,

on Jan. 5, made of barley or of any other corn or grain, belonging to any 1791, an ad- maltfter or maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of malt, o“n brewer, diftiller, innkeeper, vi&ualler, or vinegar maker, either land,&c. and *n his, her, or their cuftody or poflefTion, or in the cuftody or of id. aq. in pofleflion of any other perfon or perfons whatever in truft for Sc°tiand; to him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, benefit, or ac-times* herein C count> uPon the faid fifth day of January one thoufand feven fpecified. hundred and ninety-one, the fum of three-pence, in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and the fum of one penny halfpenny in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and fo proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity, to	be paid by the perfon	or	perfons re-

fpedively poflefled of fuch	malt, over and above	all	other rates,

duties.

Hosted by Google

I791-] Anno regni trieefimo primo Georgii I'll. c. 2,	2S3

duties, and impofitions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the lame: provided always, That the faid additional duty, hereby directed to be impofed, raifed, and fatis-fied to his Majefty on the faid malt which fhall be irr the pofteftion of any fuch perfons as are herein-before defcribea, on the faid fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, fhall be collected and paid in manner following; (that is to fay], one third part thereof on the fifth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one; one third part thereof on the fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one ; and the remaining one third part thereof on the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Duties to be fuch of the duties, by this ad impofed, as fhall arife in England, ^a^ement of*” Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy fhall be under the the commif-management of the commiflioners of excife in England for the (loners of extime being; and fuch thereof as fhall arife in Scotland., fhall be cife in England

under the management of the commifiioners of excife in	an^ Scotland.

r 1	•	1	.	refpe£tively«

for the time being.

IV.	And whereas feveral ?naltjlers, who have fold or contracted for the fale of malt, may not have delivered the fame to the buyers thereof before the faid fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and it is reafGnable that fuch buyer's jhould reimburfe to the faid maltjlcrs all fuch money as they Jhallhave paid for the duty charged thereon by virtue of this act;

be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in all Buyers of cafes where any perfon fhall have fold or contracted for the fale ma^’ c<^nV of any malt, and fhall not have delivered the fame to the buyer fore Jan°5, e~ or perfon who fhall have contracted for the purchafe thereof, be- 1791, and not fore the faid fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and delivered till ninety-one, every fuch fale and contrad fhall, and is hereby de- atter dared to be as valid and effedual as if this ad had not been made;	duty>

and the buyer or perfon who fhall have contracted for the pur-	>

chafe of any fuch malt, fhall, and is hereby required, at the time of the delivery thereof, to pay to the perfon who fhall have fold or contraded for the fale of fuch malt (over and above the price agreed to be given for the fame) all fuch money as fhall have been charged for the duty thereon by virtue of this ad.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Powers of all and every the powers, authorities, diredions, rules, methods, 33 Geo/a.c. 7. exemptions, dedudions, bounties, penalties, and forfeitures,	^tead

claufes, matters and things, which in and by an ad made in the t0 thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty fever al duties upon malt; and for raifmg the fum of eight 7nillions by tv ay of annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of corn making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife dejlroyed)•> or as are contained in any other ad or ads of parliament in the faid ad mentioned, or referred unto, or any of them,

are

Hosted by

Google

184 Anno regni tricelimo primo Georgii 1IL c. 2.	[1791-

are provided, fettled, eftabliflied* prefcribed, or dire&ed, for managing, afcertaining, fecuring, raifing, collecting, levying, v recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjlifting, and fettling the duties thereby granted, or to the payment of rents payable in malt, or according to the price of malt, other than in fuch cafes for which other directions are prefcribed by this a<t, or any other act or acts of parliament, fhall be exercifed, practifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, afcertain-ing, fecuring, raifing, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjudging, and fettling the feveral and re~ fpective rates, duties, and impofitions by this a<t granted upon malt, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, exemptions, deductions, bounties, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in the body of this prefent act.

VI.	Andy for the better encouragement of common brewers and makers of beer or ale for fale, mid to the e?id that no fuch brewer or maker of beer or ale may be under the necejfity to take any ?nore in the price thereof upon the retail of the fame, tha?i according to the ufual From Jan. 5, rates and prices; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, 1791, the fol- from and after the faid fifth day of January one thoufand feven thTnaG How" hundred an- ninety-one, there fhall be paid and allowed put of ances to be * t^ie mornes to arife by the faid duties on malt, to every common made to com- brewer, or other perfon or perfons who brew beer or ale, and mon brewers, fell or tap out the lame, publicity or privately, over and above all &c. via;. other allowances already given by any law now in force, the feveral and refpective allowances herein mentioned 5 (that is to fay),

To every fuch brewer, &c. within the bills pf mortality, upon every barrel of beer above fix {hillings, 8d;

and, without the bills of mortality, iod.

To every fuch brewer in England, &c. upon every barrel of beer at or under fix {hillings, 2d. In the bills of mortality, on

The fum of eight-pence upon every barrel of beer or ale above fix {hillings the barrel (exclufive of the duties of excife) brewed by the common brewer, or by any other perfon or perfons who doth or {hall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, within the cities of London and Weflminfery or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and returned by the gauger j and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity :

The fum of ten-pence upon every barrel of beer or ale above fix {hillings the barrel (exclufive of the duties of excife) brewed by the common brewer, or by any other perfon or perfons who doth or fhall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, in England, JValeSy or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, not within the faid cities of London and Wefminftery nor within the weekly bills of mortality, and returned by the gauger; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity;

The fum of two-pence upon overy barrel of beer or ale of fix {hillings the barrel, or under, brewed by the common brewer, or any other perfon or perfons who doth or {hall fell or tap out beer, or ale, publickly or privately, throughout England, WaleSy and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy and returned by the gauger $ and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity:

The fum of four-pence for evpry barrel of beer or ale above

1791.3	Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 2.

fix fhillings the barrel (exclufive of the duties of excife), arid not exceeding eleven fhillings (exclufive of fuch duty), commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the common brewer, or by any other perfon or perfons who doth or fhall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, within the cities of London and Wejtminjler, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality ;

And the fum of four-pence farthing for every barrel of beer or ale above fix fhillings the barrel (exclufive of the duties of excife), and not exceeding eleven fhillings (exclufive of fuch duty), commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the common brewer, or by any other perfon or perfons who doth or fhall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, in England., Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, not within the faid cities of London or Weft-minjler, nor within the weekly bills of mortality; under, fubjedt, and according to the rules, regulations, reftri&ions, and provi-fions contained and provided in and by an a£t made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, concerning beer or ale, commonly called Table Beer, and returned by the gauger; and after that rate for any greater or lefs quantity:

7’he fum of five-pence upon every barrel of beer or ale above fix fhillings the barrel (exclufive of the duties of excife) brewed by the common brewer, or by any other perfon or perfons who doth or fhall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity: The fum of three-pence upon every barrel of two-penny ale, mentioned and defcribed in the feventh article of the treaty of union, brewed within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity:

And the fum of one-penny halfpenny upon every barrel of fix fhillings beer or ale, or under, brewed by the common brewer, or any other perfon or perfons who doth or fhall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

Which faid feveral and refpeclive allowances for the faid beer or ale, fo brewed as aforefaid, fhall be paid at the end of every four months refpedtively, after the duties fhall have been paid for the fame, and not fooner.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,That if any common brewer, or other perfon or perfons who brew beer or ale, and fell or tap out the fame publickly or privately, fhall, by himfelf or themfelves, or his or their agent or agents, at any time after the end of four months after he or they fhall have paid the duties for any beer or ale by him or them brewed after the faid fifth day of ’January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, produce to, and leave with the colleTor of excife of the pounty, (hire, ftewartry, or place, where the beer or ale for which fcjie allowances are by this adirected to be made was brewed,

and

185

every barrel of table beer, above fix (billings, and under eleven fhillings, 4d.

and without the bills of mortality, 4<L iq.

To every fuch brewer, in Scotland, on every barrel of beer above fix ihillings, 5d.;

on every barrel of twopenny ale, defcribed in article 7 of the union,

3d.;

and on every barrel of 6 s. beer, or under, id, aq.

Allowances to be paid at the end of four months after the duties have been paid,

upon certificate as herein mentioned,

Hosted by Google

itS Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 2. [1791.

and where the duties were paid for the fame, a certificate or certificates from the officer who received the faid duties, that the duties charged or chargeable upon the faid beer or ale have been a&ually paid, and that the fame beer or ale was brewed fince the faid fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, (which certificate the faid officer is hereby required to give gratis), then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid collector fhall, out of the monies arifing from the duties by this a£t impofed upon malt, forthwith pay to the perfon producing the faid certificate, for every barrel of beer or ale mentioned within the refpective allowances by this a£h in fuch cafe directed to be made; and in cafe the faid collector fhall not have fufficient money in his hands, arifing by the duty by this act impofed upon malt, to pay the fame, then the refpedtive commiffioners for the faid duty are hereby required to pay the faid allowances out of the faid duty upon malt arifing by this a<5t; and if at any time it fhall happen, that the faid refpeCfive commiffioners fhall not have in their hands monies arifing by the faid duty fufficient to pay the faid allowances, then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid refpe&ive commiffioners ffyall pay the faid allowances out of any monies then in their hands.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, The powers That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, me-of ia Car. a. thods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, C	tv	m and hy an a£1 made in the twelfth'year of the reign of

e^en o is j£jng Charles the Second, intituled, An a£l for taking away th% court of wards, and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knight's fervice, and purveyance ; and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof; or by any other law now in force relating to his Maiefty’s revenue of excife upon beer, 2le, or other liquors, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afcertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are prefcribed by this a£t), fhall be exercifed, prac-tifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, jaifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, afcertaining, recovering, and paying the feveral duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt.

Duties to be IX. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That paid into the all monies arifing by the faid rates-and duties, (the neceffary exchequer,	charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), fhall,

paratefrom* ^rom t*me to	be Pa^ *nto ^c^pt h*s Majefty’s ex-

other monies, chequer, diftinCtly and apart from all other branches of the pub-lick revenues; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, fhall be entered,

feparate



Hosted by Google

179**3 Anno regni tricefimo prirtio GIeorgii III. c. j.’	187

feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any account whatever; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt, (hall be fubje£fc and liable to the ufes and purpofes herein-after mentioned.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Duties paid all the monies arifing or to arife by the faid feveral rates and du- into the exties hereby impofed, which fliall be paid into the faid receipt at before April 5** any time or times on or before the fifth day of April one thoufand to be 9 feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall be carried to and made part carried to the of the fund called The Confolidated Fund\ and that from and after consolidated the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- ^nvardsthe two, all the monies arifing or to arife by the faid rates and duties, duties to be and paid into the faid receipt after the faid fifth day of April one appliedinpay-thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall, together with fuch ment of other rates and duties as fliall be granted by any a& or a<9s of ^e^aifed br this prefent fefiion of parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the exchequer payment and difcharge of the prinicipal fum of eight hundred bills, thoufand pounds, part of the fum of one million eight hundred

and thirty-three thoufand pounds, to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, in purfuance of any a<ft of this fefiion of parliament, together with fuch intereft as fliall by the faid a£t be directed to be paid or made payable for the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and fliall be iffued, applied, and difpofed towards the paying off and difcharging the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and intereft to become due thereon as aforefaid, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, On payment upon payment of the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand of the faid pounds, and all intereft to become due thereon, or referving, at

the faid receipt of exchequer, fo much money out of the faid fund duties hereby to be eftablfthed as aforefaid, as fliall be fufiicient to fatisfy and granted to difcharge the faid principal fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds, ceafe. and all intereft as aforefaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be directed by the faid a£b of this fefiion of parliament, the faid rates and duties hereby impoied fliall from thenceforth ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the rules and regulations of this a£t fliall alfo from thenceforth ceafe and deter^ mine, except as to the recovery of any arrears of the faid rates or duties which may at that time have accrued or grown due, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture which may have been then incurred.

CAP. Ill-

An a<5t to give further time to John Macbride efquire, and his fureties, for

entering in their recognizances, in refpeft of his petition prefented to

the houfe of commons, complaining of an undue election and return for

the borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devofo.

C A P,

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

i88 Anno I'egni tricefimo prhno Georgii III. c. 4. [1791J

GAP. IV.

An adl to continue and amend fo much of two adtSy made in the lajl fejjion of parliament, as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and to the authorifmg his Majejly to permit the exportation of corny grainy mealy or flour, and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties.

Preamble. T X TH E RE A S an adl waspaffed in the lajl fejfion of parliament* 3oGeo.3.c.i. VV (intituled, An a£t for indemnifying all perfons who have been concerned in advifing or carrying into execution certain orders of council, refpedting the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and alfo certain orders iffued by the governor general of his Majefty’s colonies in America; and for preventing fuits in confequence of the fame; and for making further provi-fions relative thereto;) which adl was to continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety: and whereas by another adly pajfed in the fame fejfiony (in-and3oGeo.3. tituledy An a£t to continue, for a limited time, certain provifions c. recited, contained in an a£t made in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An adl for indemnifying all perfons who have been concerned in advifing or carrying into execution certain orders of council re^ fpedling the importation and exportation of corn and grainy and alfo certain orders iffued by the governor general of his Majejly's colonies in America; and for preventing fuits in confequence of the fame ; and for making further provifions relative theretOy relating to the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and to authorife his Majefty to permit the exportation of corn, grain, meal, or flour; and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties); Jo much of the fir ft-mentioned adl as related to the importation and exportation of corn and grain ivas continuedfrom the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, until and upon the twenty-eighth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and So much of the ntnety-°ne: and whereas it is expedient, that fo much of the faid firft recited	firfl-mentioned adl as relates to the importation and exportation of

a<5t as relates corn and grainy and alfo the whole of the faid lajl-mentioned adiy Jhould to the impor- fo farther continued in force: be it therefore enadted by the King’s pm-tation of*" mo^: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the corn and	lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-

grain, and	ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much

*he iWfi0le	firft-mentioned	adl	as	relates	to	the	importation and ex-

continue^ki portation of corn and grain, and alfo the whole of the faid laft-force till June mentioned a61, {hall continue and be in force until the tenth day 10, 1791- of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

If the expor- If. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That tation of	j f9 at any time or times, during the continuance of this a£t, any

frorrf Great	^ort w^eat> wheat flour, bifcuit, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-

Britain fhall be	meal, oats, oat-meal, peafe, or beans, {hall be prohibited to be

prohibited by exported from Great Britainy by virtue of the faid recited adfs, or virtue of the any authority therein given to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-Makfty’in c^rs> by and with the advice of his or their privy council, it J ■	ihaU

1791*] Anno regni tncefimo primo Georgii III. C.-5.	189

(hall and may be lawful, neverthelefs, for his Majefty, his heirs council may and fucceflbrs, and he and they are hereby authorifed, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit and allow the fuch^uanti-exportation to any dominion, territory, plantation, colony, illand, ties to fuch province, fadtory, place, or fifhery, to his Majefty, his heirs or places belong-fucceffors, belonging, of fuch quantities of each and every fuch	have**

fort of corn and other articles as aforefaid, as hath at any time Jbeee^ allowed been allowed to be exported to fuch or the fame dominion, terri- by any adt of tory, plantation, colony, ifland, province, factory, place or fifhery parliament, refpe&ively to his Majefty belonging, by any a St or adls of parliament heretofore made, and of any quantity or quantities of and of any ne-each and every fuch fort of corn and other articles as aforefaid, to	Nevv-

the ifland of Newfoundland, and to the Britijh iflands in the Weft foundland and Indies, as fhall from time to time be found neceflary and requifite the Weft In-for the ufe of the fifhery of the faid ifland of Newfoundland, and dies, for the food and fuftenance of the inhabitants of the faid iflands refpedtively.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Whenever the whenever the exportation of corn, grain, and other articles made exportation thereof, on which bounties have been heretofore payable, fhall be °f corn, &c. fo permitted, and that the prices thereof refpedtively, taken in the bounties have manner directed by an adl pafled in the tenth year of his prefent been playable, Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aft for regift ering the prices at which fhall be per-corn is fold in the fever al counties ofG reat Britain, and the quantity mitted, and exported and imported), fhall not, upon an average of the returns not exceed^on made by virtue of the faid adf, exceed the prices upon which an average’of bounties have been heretofore allowed on each fort refpedlively, the returns

it fhall be lawful for his Majefty, by and with the advice of his made under privy council, to order that the fame bounties be allowed on each thepricesupmi fort refpedlively, as would be allowed and payable thereon, if fuch which boun-corn, grain, or other articles, were exported under the authority ties have been of any adt or adls of parliament now in force, and fubjedl to the allowed,^his fame regulations, conditions, and reftridtions, and to the fame ^ndfmay penalties and forfeitures, as are enadted and impofed in and by the order the fame faid adts,	bounties as

would be allowed if the corn, Sec. were exported under any a<ft in force.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That This aft may

this adt may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any adt or adts to be altered this be made in this prefent feflion of parliament.	e l0n°

CAP. V.

An aft for granting to his Majefty additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the commiffumcrs for the affairs of taxes therein mentioned.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the com- Preamble mons of Great Britain, in parliament aftembled, being de-jirous of raifing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s-extraordinary expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to

Hosted by Google

190 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III, c. 5.	[17919

give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral rates and duties herein-after mentioned; and do moil humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-From April 5, liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from

ditiona^dut an<^ a^ter t^ie ^ay	A*Pr^ one ^oufand feven hundred and

of 10 per cent, ninety-one, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto upon the grofs and for the ufe of his Majefty, throughout the kingdom of Great amount, to	Britain, upon every afleflment to be made after the fifth day of

aU affeffments	one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, Under or by

made after virtue of any aft or afts of parliament now in force, for or in re-that day un- fpeft of the feveral rates and duties under the management of the der any aft commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, an additional rate or duty b°The comej a^ter t^ie rate ten Poun<^s Per cenium upon the grofs amount of rniffioners for the faid former rates and duties charged by fuch afleffment, extaxes;	cept as herein-after is excepted.

and alfo upon II. And be it further enafted, That there fhall be raifed, levied, ^ collefted, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, upon fnr fh* every affeffment made or to be made for the year ending the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, under or by virtue of any aft or afts of parliament now in force, for or in refpeft of the rates and duties before mentioned, an additional rate or duty after the rate of ten pounds per centum upon the grofs amount of all the faid former rates and duties charged by fuch afleflment, except as herein-after is excepted, to be computed for the half year ending the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the autho-Not to extend rity aforefaid, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend, or to the land be conftrued to extend, to charge with the faid additional rate or

duty of ten pounds per centum, the amount of the duty commonly called The Land Tax, granted to his Majefty in and by an aft of the laft feflion of parliament, (intituled, An aft for granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax, to - be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety,) or granted, or to be granted, by any aft of the prefent feflion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, or that fhall or may be granted by any aft or afts of parlia-nor to the du- ment during the continuance of this aft ; nor the amount of the *son Tnha- rates and duties on all inhabited houfes, granted by an aft of the grantedby^ *wen-ty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled^ 34Geo.3.c,38. An aft for repealing the feveral duties on tea, and for granting to his Majefty other duties in lieu thereof; and alfo feveral duties on inhabited houfes; and upon the importation of cocoa nuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excife thereon), any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid: additional rates and duties hereby impofed as aforefaid, fhall be paid over and above, and in addition to, the refpeftive

houfes, &c. by rates and duties on houfes* windows, and lights, granted by an

aft

New duties to be paid in addition to the duties on

IUC11U* IKJ l LilC

half year ending April 5> I79I*

Hosted by Google

1791 •] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 5;	191

aft of the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; upon in- 6 Geo,3.c.38. habited houfes, granted by an aft of the nineteenth year of. the reign of his Majefty; upon waggons, wains, carts, and other car-riages, granted by an aft of the twenty-third year of the reign of on waggons, his faid Majefty; upon horfes, granted by two feveral afts of the &c. by 23 twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his faid Ma- ^e°* 3- c*

✓	j	j	o	qq Tories bv

jefty; upon male and female feryants, granted by an aft of the a4Ge0.3.0.31. twenty-fifth year of the reign of his faid Majefty; and upon and 29 Geo. 3.; coaches and other carriages, granted by two feveral afts of the c. 49. on fer-twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his faid Majefty. Q^Sf

and on coaches, 8cc. by 25 Geo. 3. c. 47. and 29 Geo. 3. c. 49.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Commiffion-

the commiftioners authorifed or appointed, or who fhall be autho- ers, &c. under rifed or appointed, to put in execution the faid feveral afts before the before mentioned, relative to the faid former rates or duties, or any of to put them, on the amount of which the faid additional rates or duties	\n

are hereby impofed, fhall be commiftioners for executing this pre- execution* lent aft; and that the feveral receivers general appointed, or who

{hall be appointed, to receive the faid former rates and duties, to be aflefted and colleftced under or by virtue of the faid former afts,

{hall, without any new commiflion or commiftions, or any further fecuritv to be had, obtained, or given, be receivers general of the faid additional rates or duties hereby impoled within their refpec-tive diftrifts or colleftions; and that the feveral furveyors, infpec-tors, afteftors, and colleftors refpeftively appointed, or to be appointed, to put in execution the faid feveral afts before mentioned, or any of them, fhall be furveyors, infpeftors, afteftors, and colleftors, to put in execution this prefent aft, according to the re-fpeftive powers and authorities given to them by the faid former afts, or any of them; and the faid commiftioners, receivers'gene-ral, and other the perfons aforefaid, being duly qualified to aft in the execution of the faid feveral afts before mentioned, relative to the faid former rates or duties, or any of them, fhall, and they are hereby refpeftively impowered and required to do all things neceftary for putting this aft in execution with relation to-the faid additional rates or duties hereby impofed, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorifed to put in execution the faid former afts relative to the faid rates and duties, or any matters or things therein refpeftively contained.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Additional the faid additional rate or duty hereby impofed for the faid half duty for the year ending on the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred

and ninety-one, fhall be paid at the times and in the manner fol- i79i, to be * lowing; (that is to fay), on the fifth day of January, and the fifth paid by equal day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, by even portions on and equal portions; and fhall, from and after the pafling of this v0*-!5’ *n ,

n 1	1	’	,	r	c\‘	r	rr	rr	i	i	April?, I7Qt%

act, be a charge upon the refpedtive perlons aiieiied to the pay- &C4 ment of any of the faid former rates and duties for the year ending the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and fhall be paid by fuch perfons refpeftively at the times before mentioned; and the refpeftive colleftors, to whom any Vol* XXXVII#	O	aflefimeats

Hosted by Dogle

igz Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 5.	[ 179x*

affeftments for the year ending the faid fifth day of April one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-one, {hall be delivered for the pur-pofe of colledling the former rates or duties according to the directions of the feveral acts before mentioned, fhall have full power and authority to demand, collect, and receive, the faid additional rate or duty hereby impofed, for the faid half year, of and from the perfons refpectively charged with the faid former rates and duties, in addition thereto, and at the times and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, without any new afiefiment to be made for the fame, and to give acquittances for the faid rate or duty received, in fuch maimer as is directed by the faid acts with relation to the faid former rates and duties.

to the com-miflioners of the divilion, See.

Collectors of VII* And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That t^dtimate^5 ^evera^ anc^ refpeclive collectors of the faid former rates and March5,i79i, duties, to whom any afiefiments thereof for the year ending the the amount faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one of the addi- {hall be delivered, {hall, on or before the fifth day of March one e^e^affefT°n ^lou^anc^ ^even hundred and ninety-one, eftimate and afeertain, merit andeer- according to the beft of their {kill and judgement, the amount of tify the fame the rate or duty by this a61 impofed upon every fuch afiefiment, and fhall, by writing under their refpective hands, certify the fame to one or more of the faid commifiioners, acting for the refpective divifion or place in which fuch afiefiments {hall be made, together with the names of the feveral perfons chargeable therewith, and the amount of the faid former rates and duties whereon fuch additional rate or duty is by this act impofed; and {hall alfo caufe two duplicates thereof to be made out and delivered to the faid commifiioner or commifiioners in each divifion or place, all which certificates and duplicates thereof refpectively {hall be figned by fuch commifiioner or commifiioners; and the faid duplicates fhall be forthwith tranfmitted to fuch perfons, and in fuch and the like manner, as is directed by the laid acts relative to the faid former rates or duties, or any of them, with refpect to the duplicates of afiefiments therein mentioned.

, VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Infpeftors to That the refpective furveyors or infpeCtors appointed, or to be ap-exanfine th^ pointed, under or by virtue of the faid feveral acts relative to the the additional former rates and duties, or any of them, fhall be, and are duty for the hereby refpectively impowered and required to infpect and exhalf year end- amine the certificates to be made of the faid additional rate or mg	duty for the faid half ye^r, ending the faid fifth day of April one

the comnfif- thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, before the commifiioner lionersfignthe or commifiioners fhall have figned the fame, and to alter and fame, &c. amend any fuch certificate or certificates, if they, or any of them, fhall fee juft caufe for fa doing; and every perfon, in whofe cuf-tody fuch certificate fhall be, is hereby required, upon the requeft of any fuch furveyor or infpector as aforefaid, to produce the fame for inflection for the purpofe aforefaid.

From April IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That ditmna^dut^" ^rom an^ a^r the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hun-10 be paid ' anc^ ninety-one, the laid additional rate or duty hereby impofed

Hosted by Google

1791-] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 5.	193

pofed fhall be paid quarterly in each year, on the four mod: ufual quarterly; the days of payment in the year for the faid duties: (that is to fay), f11 ft PaYnJleilt on the fifth day of January, the fifth day or April, the fifth dav 5° of July, and the tenth day of Oflober^ in every year, by even and the aflefiors to equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be made on the fifth afcertain the day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one; and Q^an^cert^f'* upon every aflefiment to be made after the faid fifth day of April the fame to the one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, under or by virtue commiffioncrs of the faid a£ts, or either of them, the afTefibrs appointed or to at their refp.ec-be appointed to make fuch afieflments, and in their default the meetlnS§» refpeCtive furveyors and infpeCtors appointed or to be appointed in purfuance of the faid feveral a£ts before mentioned, or any of them, (hall afcertain the amount of the faid additional rate or duty hereby impofed, and (hall certify .and return the fame upon fuch affeflments to the refpeCtive commifiioners authorifed to put the faid a<£ts in execution, at their refpeCtive meetings to beheld for returning fuch afieflments in all and every the refpeCtive counties, (hires, ftewar.tries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places refpectively; which faid additional rate or duty fo certified, finall be added to the amount of the former afiefied rates and duties, and fhall be collected, raifed, levied, and received under the rules, regulations, and directions, prefcribed by the faid former aCts, fubjeCt neverthelefs to fuch proportional in^ creafe or abatement in the amount thereof as fhall be neceflary in cafe ,the faid former rates or duties fo afiefied fhall be increafed or diminifhed by any furcharge thereupon, or appeal therefrom, in purfuance of the faid former aCts.

X. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Additional the feveral additional rates or duties by this act impofed upon the duties to be amount of the feveral former rates and duties as aforefaid, fhall ^eJ^j?g^er and may be refpeCtively afcertained, managed, collected, paid, duties unlefs recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under fuch penalties, where varied forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to fuch general rules, bythisa£t,&c. methods, and directions, by which all the former rates and duties, on the amount of which the faid additional rates or duties are by this aCt impofed, or according to fuch fpecial rules, methods, and directions, by which fuch of the former rates and duties, upon the amount of which any of the faid additional rates or duties may be chargeable by virtue of this aCt, were or might be afcertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted /or, except as far as any of the faid rules, methods, and directions are exprefsly varied by thisaCt; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any aCt or aCts of parliament relative to the faid former rates and duties, or any of them, now in force, and not hereby otherwife provided, for the computing, furcharging, recovering, paying and accounting for the laid rates and duties by any former aCts granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the additional rates or duties by this aCt impofed, and not repugnant to the particular directions of this aCt, fhall be in full-force, and be duly obferved, praCtifed, and put in execution,

O 2	throughout

Hosted by Google

i94

Duties to be paid into the ^exchequer, and kept fepa-rate from

Anno regni triceflmb primo Georgii 111. c. 5.	[179-1.

throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for computing, furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the feveral additional rates and duties by this aft granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all monies arifing by the laid rates and duties, (the neceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), fhall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exether monies, chequer, diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the pub-

lick revenues; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and 'duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, fhall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any account whatever ; and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt fhall be fubjeft and liable to the ufes and purpofes herein-after mentioned.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies arifing, or to arife, by the faid feveral rates and

before April 5, duties hereby impofed, which fhall be paid into the faid receipt at 1792, to be any time or times on or before the fifth day of April one thoufand carried to the feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall be carried to and made part consolidated 0p the fund, called The Confolidated Fund\ and that from and after Un ’ an C the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, all the monies arifing or to arife by the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall, together with fuch other rates and duties as fhall be granted by any act or afts of this prefent feffion of parliament for this purpofe, during the terms for which fuch rates and duties fhall be relpedtively granted, be a fund for the payment and dilcharge of the feveral principal fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one-million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, amounting to the fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, in purfuance of any aft of this feffion of parliament, together with fuch intereft as fhall by the faid aft be direfted to be paid or made payable for the faid principal fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds; and fhall be iffued, applied, and difpofed towards the paying off and difcharging the faid principal fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and intereft to become due thereon as aforefaid, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, payment That upon payment of the faid principal films of eight hundred

thoufand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and all intereft to become due thereon, or referving at the additional the faid receipt of exchequer fo much money out of the faid fund duty to ceafe. t0 he elhblifhed as aforefaid as fhall be fufficient to fatisfy and

difcharge

Hosted by Google

Duties paid into the exchequer, on or

duties after wards to be applied in payment of 1,833,000!. to be raifed by exchequer kills.

O;

of the faid Mj3,oooh and intereft,

1791 *] Anno regni tricefimo prirno Georgii III. c. 6, 7,	195

difcharge the faid principal fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and all interefl: as aforefaid, and publication thereof, in the manner to be dire&ed by the faid aCt of this feffion of parliament, the faid rates and duties hereby impofed fhall from thenceforth ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the rules and regulations of this aCt fhall alfo from thenceforth ceafe and determine, except as to the recovery of any arrears of the faid rates or duties which may at that time have accrued or grown due, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, which may have been then incurred.

XIV.	And whereas the inhabitants of many parifhes or places have frequently fujfered by the frauds and infolvency of their col-leftorSy by being fubjefted to re-affejfmeats for monies embezzled by them; be it enabled and declared by . the authority aforefaid,

That fuch perfons as fhall be nominated to be collectors of the faid Collectors of

former rates and duties fhall; if required fo to do, give good and former duties

fufficient fecurity to any three or more of the commiflioners for &*ve **e?ulT

carrying this a£t into execution, equal to the amount of the whole filing of *

rate to be collefted in each diftriCt, for their duly paying to the which, the

receiver general fuch monies as fhall come to their hands, which commiflioners

fecurity the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, ™hers^P°m*

are hereby authorifed and impowered to take; and on failure of

the perfons fo named to be collectors as before directed giving

fuch fecurity, if required, the faid commiflioners, or any three or

more of them, fhall be at liberty, and are hereby authorifed to

appoint any other two or more fufficient perfons, who can give

fuch fecurity as aforefaid, refiding within the limits and bounds

of the parifhes, townfhips, conftablewicks, and places where they

fhall be chargeable, to be collectors of the faid former rates and

duties.

XV.	Provided always, That if no perfons can be found within If no perfon the feveral parifhes, townfhips, conftablewicks, or places refpec- can be found tively, who are willing or able to give fuch fecurity, then, and in willing to give fuch cafe, the perfons who were firft named by the commiflioners, perfon firft

as directed by the faid aCt, fhall be collector of the faid former named to be

An ad for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.—Four lhillings in the pound in Engla?id, to raife 1,989,673k 7s. iod. iq. mScotland) 47,954k is. ad. Total, a,037,617!. 9s. iq.

rates and duties.

collector,

CAP. VI.

CAP. VII.

An ad for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.—1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued until June a4> *793*

CAP,

Google

Hosted by

196 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 8—io. [I79I*

CAP. VIII.

An a<ft to indemnify fucli perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thole purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be itamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped ; to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and tile affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negledted to tranlmit deferiptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and ior giving further time for thatpurpofe.

CAP. IX.

An a.6i for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fliore.

cap. x.

An aft for altering and amending fo much of an aft, pajfed in the twenty-eighth year of his Majeftfs reign, intituled, An a61 for removing any doubt refpe6ting the power of the commiffion-ers for the affairs of India, to dire6t that the expence of railing, tranfporting, and maintaining, fuch troops as may be judged neceffary for the fecurity of the Britifh territories and poflef-fions in the Eafl Indies, fhould be defrayed out of the revenues arifing from the faid territories and poffeffions; and for limiting the application of the faid revenues in the manner therein men-*	tioned,	as	relates	to fuch dirzfttm^ as Jhallbe given or approved by

the faid commiffioners with refpeft to the payment of certain proportions of his Majejlfs forces in India, and of the European forces of the Eafl: India company, therein fpecified.

Preamble. TX 7 HERE AS by an aft, pajfed in the twenty-eighth year of the sSGeo.3. c.8. V V reign of his prefent Majcfly, (intituled, An a6t for removing any doubt refpe6ting the power of the commiffioners for the affairs of India, to diredl that the expence of raifing, tranfporting, and maintaining, fuch troops as may be judged neceffary for the fecurity of the Britifh territories and pofleffions in the Eaft Indies, fhould be defrayed out of the revenues arifing from the faid territories and poffeffions; and for limiting the application of the faid revenues in the manner therein, mentioned), it is, amongfl other things, provided and enafted, That it Jhall not be lawful for the faid commiffioners to give or approve any fuch dir eft ion as in the faid'aft is mentioned, with refpeft to the payment of any greater number of his Majejlf s forces, or of the European forces of the Eafl India company, than is therein fpecified refpeftively: and whereas, by reafon of the prejent war in India, it is become expedient, that a further number of his Majeffs forces fhould now be fent to the Eaft Indies, in addition to thofe, the payment of which thefaid commiffioners are by the faid aft authorifed to dir eft and approve; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaeffed; and be it enadled by the

King’s

Hosted by Google

17910 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. n

King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiftioners for the affairs of India, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered, at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, to give or approve orders and directions that the expences to be incurred for tranfporting and maintaining fuch a number of his Majefty’s forces, not exceeding two thoufand fix hundred and eighty-two men, including the commiftioned and non-commiffioned officers, as fhall be fent to India, in addition to the number of the fame forces mentioned in the faid act, fhall be paid, defrayed, and borne out of the revenues arifing from the faid territories and poffeffions; any thing in the faid act to the contrary notwithftanding.

> 12. I97

Comfriiffion-ers for the affairs of India impowered to order the expences of tranfporting-, &c. an additional number of forces to India, to be , paid out of the revenues of the company.

CAR XI.

An aft for removing any doubt refpeding the fale or mortgage of annui-ties, purfuant to an a<5t made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad to enable the Eaft India company to raife money by fale of annuities, and by increaftng their capital ftock.

26 Geo. 3. c. 62. recited. Eaft India company may at any time raife money on their annuity fund, or fell the fame, agreeable to the regulations of recited ad.

CAP. XII.

An aft to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubjefts of his Majejly’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united fates of America , fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid unitedJlates.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble.

reign of bis prefent Majefty, (intituled\ An aft for preventing 23Geo.3-c.39. certain inftruments from being required from (hips belonging to the united ftates of America \ and to give to his Majefty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubjefts of his Majefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the faid united ftates); which faid aft has been continued, by feveral fubfequent afts, until the fifth day of April one . thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one: and whereas by an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty s reign., (intituled.,

An aft to extend the powers of an aft, made in the twenty-third a4Geo.3-c.45. year of his prefent Majefty, for giving his Majefty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubjefts of his Majefty s dominions and the inhabitants of the united ftates of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the Britijh colonies and plantations in. America, with refpeft to certain articles therein mentioned); the powers given by the faid recited $ft were extended to the trade and intercourfe between this kingdom

O 4	and

Hosted by GoOglc

a3Geo.3-c.39. fo far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the united ftates ofAme-rica, and 24

Anno regni tricefimo prlmo Georgii III. c. 12.	[1791.

and the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, fo far as the fame might relate to iron, hemp, and fail-cloth, and other articles of the produce of any place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this kingdom; u thick fetid laft mentioned aft has alfo, by fever al fabfequent afts, been continued until the faid fifth day of April one ihoufand feven hundred and ninety-one: and whereas it is expedient that the faid aft of the twenty-third year of his prefent Majcjlf s reign, jo far only as the fame extends to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the people and territories belonging to the united fates of America; and alfo that the faid aft of the twenty-fourth year of his Majefiy s reign Jhould be further continued; may it therefore pleafe your Majefiy that it may be enacted; and be it ena6led by the King’s mod: excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, 7"hat the faid adl of the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefiy’s reign, fo far only as the fame extends to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the people and territories belonging to the united dates of America; and that the faid acl, made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Ma-Geo.^.c.49^0 jelly’s reign, and all the matters and things therein contained, continue in fhall continue and be in force until the fifth day of April one thou-forcetill April fancj feven hundred and ninety-two, and till the end of the then 5? I/92f* next fefiion of parliament, and no longer.

^y ^ace™™ II• AM be it further enadled, That if any iron, hemp, fail-bordering on c^oth, or other articles of the produce of any place bordering on the Baltic, the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this kingdom, which may be fhall be exported from hence in any other manner than fuch as is ^P°^ed Jrom or fhall be allowed by any law now in force, or which fhall here-if exportedm> a^ter 'm force, or by order of his Majefiy in council; or if any contrary to goods or commodities whatever fhall be imported from any of the law, and goods territories of the united flates of America^ into any of the ports th^uStedr0m	kingdom, other than fuch as by any law now in force, or

ftatesof Ame- which frail hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this prefent a£t, rica, and not or by order of his Majefiy in council, now are, or hereafter fhall permitted by be permitted to be imported; or if any goods or commodities law,	fhall be imported from the territories of the faid united flates of

and alfo gooes America into any of the ports of this kingdom, in any other man-tbS’erftates°m ner whatever than fuch as is or fhall be allowed by any law now contrary to	in force, or which fhall hereafter be in force, or by order of his

law, to be	Majefiy in council, the fame fhall be forfeited, together with the

forfeited with {hip or veil'd in which fuch goods or commodities fhall refpec-fhe fhip, &c. tively be exported or imported, and all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel belonging thereto.

How forfei- III. And be it further enabled, That every forfeiture incurred

tures are to be virtue of this a£t fhall and may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered and A______, , r ,	, m_________'	_____ '5______

applied.

recovered, by fuch and the like ways, means, and methods, and the produce thereof difpofed of, paid, and applied, in fuch and the like manner, and to fuch and the like ufes and purpofes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law refpefting the revenue qf cuflorps piay now be fued for, profecuted, and recovered in the places

where

Hosted by Google

1791*] Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 13—15. 199

where refpeflively the offence (hall be committed; and that the produce thereof fhall be difpofed of, paid, and applied in like manner in the faid places refpedlively; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That this at?l fhall continue A<5t to conti-and be in force until the fifth day of April one thoufand feven ^rc€ hundred and ninety-two, and till the end of the then next feflion j7yZ?n

of parliament, and no longer.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That this but may be

avSt, or any part thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed, by	tili8

any a£t or acfts to be made in this prefent feflion of parliament.

CAP. XIII.

An act for punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.—Number of forces 17,013, including l,6zo invalids.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for appointing commiflioners for putting in execution an aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

cap. xv.

An aEl for granting to his Majejly an additional duty on fugar imported into this kingdom.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje£ls, the com- Preamble.

mons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expenc£s, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the additional duty of cuftoms herein-after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadled ; and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the FromApviln* eleventh day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one* i 79I>anaddi-there (hall be railed, levied, colledted, and paid, unto and for the	^cwt^

ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, over and above the to be pTidori* duties payable by law, on and immediately before the faid eleventh fugarsimport-day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, the into Great following additional duty on fugars imported or brought into	an<*

Great Britain, and not warehouled, to be paid in ready money, houfed!^ without any difcount, abatement, or deduction whatever; that is to fay, For every hundred weight of fugar, containing one	*

hundred and twelve pounds weight, the fum of two (hillings and eight-pence, £nd fo in that proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

II. And

Hosted by Google

200 Anno regortricefitno primo Gegrgii IIT. c. 15.	[1791.

Duty to be II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That na^ement of1' t^ie ^ut}b by a6t impofed, fhall be under the management the commit- •anc^ direction of the refpective commiilioners of his Majefty’s iioners of cuf- cuftoms in England and Scotland for the time being, toms m Eng- - HI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That land refoec-0t> uPon ^u§ar w^ich fhall have been imported into Great Britain, tively.	after the fa id eleventh day of April one thoufand feven hundred

A drawback anc* ninety-one, and on which the duty by this aft impofed (hall ofthefaidduty have been paid, there fhall be paid or allowed, on exportation to be allowed thereof within the times limited by law, to the exporter thereof, a drawback of the whole of the faid duty by this a61 impofed and the ftateftwas Pa^; provided the faid fugar be exported in the fame ftate in imported; which it was imported, but not otherwife.

and an addi- IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That iional draw- for all refined fugar, called Bajlards, and ground or powdered back of 3s.4d. fugar, and refined loaf fugar broke in pieces, and all fugar called portation^f * Candy, which fhall be made from fugar which fhall have been refined fugar, imported into Great Britain, after the faid eleventh day of April &c.madefrom one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and on which the fugar fo im'	duty by this a£t impofed fhall have been paid, there fhall be al-

porte .	lowed, on exportation of every hundred weight thereof, contain-

ing one hundred and twelve pounds, within the time limited by law, to the exporter thereof, a drawback of three {hillings and four-pence, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch fugars refpedtively, over and above all other bounties or drawbacks allowed for the fame by law, on and immediately before the faid 1 eleventh day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

Duty and	V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That

drawback to ^ faid duty impofed, and the faid bounty and drawback allow-fanTe manner ec^ refpecfively by this a cl, fhall and may be refpedtively afeer-asformer du- tained, raifed, levied, colledted, anfwered, paid, recovered, al-tie*, &c.	lowed, and managed, in fuch and the like manner, and in or by

any or either of the ways, means, and methods, and under the rules, regulations, oaths, and powers refpedtively, by which the former duties, bounties, and drawbacks on fugars refpedtively were or might be afeertained, raifed, levied, colledted, anfwered, paid, recovered, allowed, and managed; and all fugar, on which by this adt any additional duty is impofed, and bounty or drawback allowed refpedtively, fhall be and is hereby made iubjedt and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftric-tions, and forfeitures, to which fugar was fubjedt and liable, by any a6l or adts of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid eleventh day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one; and all and every penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any adt or adts of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid eleventh day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and directions therein contained.

Hosted by Google

1791 ♦] Anno regni tricefimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 15.	201

fhall and are hereby dire&ed and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpedlively applied, pra&ifed, and put in execution, for and in refpeft of the faid duty and bounty or drawback refpeftively, by this a61 impofed and allowed, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid a£ts, claufes, provifions, powers, directions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, were repeated and re-ena&ed refpedlively in the body of this act.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Duties to be

all monies arifing by the faid rates and duties (the neceffary Paid into the charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall,	*	ait

from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s ex- from other chequer, diftinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick monies, revenues; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office

of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, {hall be entered feparate and apart from all ether monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatever ; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt, fhall be fubjedt and liable to the ufes and purpofes herein-after mentioned.

VII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Duties paid all the monies arifing or to arife by the faid feveral rates and into the eic-duties hereby impofed, which fhall be paid into the faid receipt, beforeA°ril°r at any time on or before the fifth day of April one thoufand feven i792) to be5* hundred and ninety-two, fhall be carried to and made part of the carried to the fund called The Confolidated Fund; and that from and after the faid confolidated fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, all ^erwardsthe" the monies arifing or to arife by the faid rates and duties, and duties to be paid into the faid receipt after the faid fifth day of April one thou- applied inpay-fand feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall, together with fuch ment °f other rates and duties as fhall be granted by any a£l or a£Is of b^raifed^v^ this prefent feffion of parliament for this purpofe, during the terms exchequer for which fuch rates and duties fhall be refpedtively granted, be a bills.

fund for the payment and difeharge of the feveral principal fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, amounting to the fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, in purfuance of any adft of this feffion of' parliament, together with fuch intereft as fhall by the faid acl be directed to be paid or made payable for the faid principal fums of	s

eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and fhall be iffued, applied, and difpofed towards the paying off and difeharging the faid principal fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and intereft to become due thereon as aforefaid, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That ^fP^ePfoident upon payment of the faid principal fums of eight hundred thoufand 1,833,0001. pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and and intereft,

all intereft to become due thereon, or referving at the faid receipt the duties

' * ’	u	of	hereby grant-

gi ed to ceafe.

Hosted by Google

202 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii 1IL c. 16, 17. [1791;

of exchequer fo much money out of the faid fund to be eflabliflied as aforefaid, as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and difcharge the faid principal fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and all intereft as aforefaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be direfted by the faid aft of this feiiion of parliament, the laid rates and duties hereby impofed (hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the rules and regulations of this a ft fhall alfo from thenceforth ceafe and determine, except as to the recovery of any arrears of the faid rates and duties which may at that time have accrued or grown due, or to any fine, penalty or forfeiture which may have been then incurred.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.—Continued annually.

CAP. XVII.

An aft for clean fing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the furfaces of the ftreets, and other publick places, within the hamlets of Deretend and Bordefley, in the county of Warwick; and for removing and preventing nuifances, obftruftions, and incroachments, and regulating the driving of carts and other carriages ufed for carrying goods, wares, and merchandifes therein.

Commiffioners names. Qualification of commiffioners, inhabitants occupying a houfe of iol. a year, or pofleffing 20I. a year in one of the hamlets. Commiffioners not to hold places of profit under the aft. Commiffioners may aft as juftices. Meetings of the commiffioners. Notice of meetings. Proceedings not to be valid unlefs done at meetings; and feVen commiffioners may aft. Chairman to be appointed; and to have the caft-ing vote. Commiflioners to appoint: officers; and to take fecurity from the treafurer and other officers. Officers to account. Temporary officers may be appointed, though not at meetings. Commiffioners to caufe ftreets to be cleanfed, lighted, Sec. and may provide an engine houfe, office, ftore-houie, &c. Lamps and materials vefted in the commiflioners. Penalty on wil fully breaking or damaging them, 40s. Perfons carelefsly or accidentally breaking or damaging lamps, Sec. to make good the damage. Night cop-ftables and watchmen to be appointed. Copies of orders, &c. to be given to the night conftables. Commiffioners may contraft for performing any of the works. Penalty on cauflng annoyances in the ftreets, 5s. Penalty on baiting bulls, 5I. making bonfires,-See. 5s. Annoyances by hogfties, &c. to be removed. Time of emptying neceflary-houfes direfted. Bulks, bulk-fafhes, fpouts and gutters to be regulated. Pofts, See. to be removed. Penalty on leaving open cellar windows, See. in the night time, 10$. Notice to be given previous to removal of figns, See. Owners or occupiers may be permitted to remove figns, See. and be allowed the expences. Penalties not to extend to fcaffolds, rubbifh, See. occafioned by building. Driving of carts regulated, and width of the wheels 6 inches. Commiflioners may number the houfes, and affix the names of the ftreets. Foot paths, Sec. to be levelled. Rates to be made by afleflors appointed by the commiflioners. Houles, Sec. under 61. a year to pay 6d. in the pound. From 61. to iol. a year, 9d. from iol. to 15I. a year, is. from 15I, to aol. a year, is. 3d. of 20I. a year and upwards, is. 6d. in the pound. Rates to be apportioned where different tenants. Rates to be examined and confirmed by commiffioners. Afleflors to obey orders of commiffioners. Gardens, orchards, land and empty houfes exempt from rates. Rates to be apportioned

Hosted by Google

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 18, 19.

tioned between occupiers quitting and coming into houfes, &c. Power to mitigate rates in certain cafes. Rates not to be lefs than certain fums, without creditors content. Recovery of rates. Commiffioners may raife money by loan; or by granting annuities. Money borrowed or raifed not to exceed ioool. Notice to be given of borrowing money in a Birmingham newfpaper. Securities transferable Proceedings of commiflioners to be entered, and be free for creditors infpedion. Application of money arifing by rates. Hamlets united for the purpofes of the ad, and the limits afeer-tained. Accounts to be made up annually. Actions may be brought in the name of treafurer or clerk. Recovery of penalties. Commiflioners may compound for penalties for non-performance of contracts. Perfon* aggrieved by rates may appeal to the quarter fefiions. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover unlefs notice given, nor after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Inhabitants may be witneffes. Juftices may mitigate penalties. Limitation of adions. Publick ad.

CAP. XVIII.

An ad to explain and amend an ad, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for paving, lighting, cleanfing, watering, and watching the ftreets, and other publick places, within fuch part of the parifh of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlefex, as lies on the weft fide of Tottenham Court Road; and for preventing nuifances and obftrudions therein; and for obliging the truftees for the care of the faid road, to pave, repair, and cleanfe fuch part of the faid road as is therein deferibed.

12 Geo. 3. c. 69. Treafurer may ad as a commiflioner. Ads of commif-fioner, who held the office of treafurer, rendered valid. Treafurers indemnified from penalties incurred for ading as commiffioners. For preventing allies being taken away by any perfon but the contrador for cleanfing. For removing bulks or flails. For making recompence to owners of bulks, &c.

For preventing annoyances on carriage or footways. For repairing flaps and doors to cellars. For repealing power of water companies, to re-lay pavement taken up to repair pipes. Commiffioners to repair pavement taken up for mending the pipes. Water companies to pay commiffioners expence of repairing fuch pavement. Commiffioners may appoint watch-houfe, keepers, See. and give rewards for fecurity of the inhabitants. Manner of paying off fecurities on rates. Commiffioners may borrow money for repairing pavement. Rates may be recovered before quarter day. Rates to be apportioned between parties quitting and entering into poffeffion of houfes between quarters. Rates to be paid where goods of inhabitants are taken in execution. Rates may be levied by warrant from one magiftrate where inhabitants are quitting their houfes. Manner of recovering penalties. Juftices may ad, though they are commiffioners. Claufes of former ad extended to this ad. How the expences of this ad fhall be paid. Publick ad.

C A P. XIX.

An ad for amending and enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, an ad made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An ad for afeertaining and col-leding the poor’s rates, and for better regulating the poor, in the parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, in the county of Surrey, and for other the purpofes therein mentioned.

Ad 31 Geo. 2. c. 45. recited. So much of the former ad as authorifes the appointment of governors and diredors of the poor repealed, and others appointed. Confirmation of the orders of the governors and diredors by the veftry not neccffary. Powers of the veftry, as far as refpeds the poor, transferred to the governors and diredors. Eledion of governors and di* redors in the room of thofe dying, quitting the parifh, or negleding to ad-Qualification of future governors and diredors. Occupier of a houfe of

2QL

Hosted by Google

204 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 20.	[1791.

10I. a year, or poffeffed of 50I. a year in the parifh, or intituled to a personal eftate of 500I. Penalty on perfons not qualified prefuming to adt, aol. Governors and directors concerned in contradts difqualified, and fubjedt to a penalty of 20I. Times and places of meetings of the governors and diredtors. Governors and diredlors may order the veftry clerk or churchwarden to fummon a fpecial meeting. Chairman to be appointed, and governors and diredtors, at all their meetings, to pay their own expences. Proceedings to be entered in a book. No adt valid, unlefs at a publick meeting, except orders for fpecial meetings. Majority at a publick meeting to adt, if nine be prefent. Juftices of the peace may adt as juftices, notwithftanding their being governors and diredtors, and adminifter oaths, &e. For appointing a clerk and other officers. Officers to give fe-curity, &c. For recovering money, in cafe of death, orinlolvency of officers, &c. Power to enlarge the workhoufe, and purchafe ground for that purpofe, and to provide necefiaries for the relief and employment of .the poor. Recital of leafes granted to the churchwardens of ground adjoining the church yard. Veiling the interelts under the refpedtive leafes in the governors and diredtors. Trults of the leafes affigned. Governors and diredtors may indemnify the affignors againft the rents and covenants in the leafes affigned. Lefiors not to be prejudiced. Power to purchafe a larger intereft in the burial ground, and to purchafe more ground for the fame purpofe. Bodies politick, &c. empowered to fell and convey land. Money ariling from the fale of the premifes to be inverted and fettled to the fame ufes as the laid premiles were fettled; and in the mean time in the funds, or i*eal fecurities. Recovery of rents relerved on leafes to be granted or affigned to the governors and diredtors. Legal eftates of premifes, left in truft for the parifh, to be diverted out of the prefent feoffees, and verted in the governors and diredtors. Power to let leafes of any of the parilh dtates. Contradts to be entered into. Furniture, &c. provided for the poor verted in the governors and diredtors. Governors and diredtors may borrow 5000I. on annuities. Annuities to be paid out of the rates, &rc. Purchafers of annuities not to be prejudiced by irregularity in the grants. Annuities transferrable. Annuitants to fue for and recover annuities. As annuitants die, rates to be lowered. Money arifing from the poor's rates to be paid to the treafurer, and be under the management of the governors and diredtors, and paid according to their order. The general rate to commence at Lady-day yearly, with power to fupply omiffions or de-fedts in the rate or afleflments. Donations, and other monies, to be paid to the treafurer. Parifh officers to be aiding and affifting in the execution of this adt. Againft conveying fpirituous liquors into the workhoufe. Encouragement may be given to induftrious poor. Overfeers may relieve cafual poor. Power to fue for rates, penalties and fines. Penalties and forfeitures may be recovered in a fummary way. Governors and diredtors may compound for penalties contained in any contradt. Juftices to proceed on the complaint of governors and diredtors. Inhabitants deemed competent wit-neffes. Adtions may be in the name of the treafurer. Perfons appealing to the quarter feffions, to give notice and fecurity. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Adtions not to be brought without notice, or after tender of amends. All the claufes of the former adt not altered by this extended thereto. The expences of this adt to be firft paid. Publick adt.

CAP. XX.

An adt for dividing and inclofing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parifh of Cottingham, in the eaft riding of the county of York; and for amending an adt parted in the fixth year of the reign of his pre -fent Majefty, for dividing, inclofing, and draining certain lands, grounds^ and common paftures, in the faid parifh.

Commiffioners, Robert Dunn, John Wood, Peter Neville and Jofeph Dickinfon. Notice to be given of meetings. Survey to be made. Com-miffioners, See. to be fworn. Lands may be entered to furvey. For chufing new commiffioners and furveyor. Commiffioners to fettle difputes. Adt

not

Hosted by Google

1791.3	Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 2r.	205

not to extend to matters of title. Roads. Commiffioners to appoint who. fhall have herbage of the roads. Surveyor of the roads to he appointed.

Stone quarries, &c. Turnpike roads not to be altered. Road to Epple-worth Wood not to.be altered. Compenfation for tythes. Quantity, quality, and fituation to be confidered in making allotments. Proprietors may inclofe after allotments are ftaked out, with confent of commiffioners.

Proprietors may have their allotments laid together. Freehold and copy-hold lands to be diftinguilhed. Fencing allotments. Gaps to be left. Ringfencing tythe allotments. Where parties negledt or refufe to fence their allotment, commillioners may do it. Commillioners to direct the courfe of hufbaiidry. Allowance to be made for Handing crops. Sheep not to be kept in new inclofures for a limited time. Commiffioaers to make an award and inroll it in the publick regifter office in Beverley. Allotments to be accepted. Guardians, &c. to accept. Non‘acceptance of guardians, &c. not to bar. For making exchanges and partitions. Allotments to be to the fame ufe as land in relpect whereof they are made. Leafes at rack rent to be void. Paying expences of the a<5t. Tythe allotments not to pay any part of fuch expences. Arbitrator, Peter Johnfon efq; Allowance to arbitrator. For chufing new arbitrator. Power to borrow money.

Securities may be affigned. Commiffioners to account. Allowance to commiffioners. Appeal. Saving rights of lords of manors. General faving.

Adt of 6 Geo. 3. for draining and inclcfing Cottingham. Altering fome of the powers of that adt. Truftees to be appointed. Meeting of truftees.

For making and keeping out ring and divifion fences. Truftees power to enter lands to view. Paying truftees expences. Prelent commiffioners to account with new truftees. Truftees to account. Appeal. Publick adt.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for granting to his Majefty an additional duty on certificates iffued with refpeft to the killing of game.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjetfts, the com-* Preamble.

mons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, being de-firous of railing by the moft eafy means the neceuary fupplies towards defraying your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the ie-veral additional rates and duties herein-after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enadded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of July one From July r, thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, there fhall be raifed, ^ levied, colledbed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Bri- tionTl^duties tain, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, to be paid, viz. the feveral additional rates and duties following; that is to fay,

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of For every cer-paper, upon which any certificate iflued to any perfon who fhall ufe any dog, gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or deftruc- any perfon tion of game, (not adling as a gamekeeper under or by virtue of not being a a deputation or appointment duly regiftered), fhall be engrofled, gamekeeper, written, or printed, there fhall be charged, an additional ftamp IS* duty of one pound one fhilling:

And

Hosted by Google

206 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 2 r. [1791.

to any game- And for every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece keeper,ios.6d. paper^ Up0n which any certificate ifliied to any perfon under any deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper, (hall be engrofiT-ed, written, or printed, there (hall be charged an additional (tamp duty of ten (hillings and fixpence.

^uties he ip And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That nagement of*' f°r more effectual levying, colledting, and paying the faid du-the commif- ties herein-before granted, the fame fhall be under the government, fioners for care and management of the commifiioners for the time being Ramps.	appointed	to	manage	the	duties	charged on (tamped vellum, parch-

ment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to employ the neceftary officers under them for that purpofe, and to caufe fuch new (lamps to be provided to denote the faid feveral new and additional duties refpectively, as fhall be requifite in that behalf, or to caufe, if they fee occafion, one new (lamp to be provided to denote the former duties and alfo the duties granted by this a6l, and to alter or renew the fame refpedtively from time to time, and to do all other things necef-fary to be done for putting this a£f in execution, with relation to the faid feveral duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, or paper.

Provihons of HI. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, That not repealed°# powers, provifions, articles, claufes, penalties and forfeitures, by 26 Geo. 3. and diftributions of penalties and forfeitures, and allowances for c. 82. and pro- prefent payment, and all other matters and things which in and vffions of that by an a£t made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent tend to*tl°i^X" Majefty> intituled, An aft for repealing an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefyy intituled, An a£f for granting to his Majefty certain duties on certificates ifiued with refpedl to the killing of game, andfor granting other duties in lieu thereof ; and which are not repealed or altered by an amade in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majeft v, intituled, An aft for the ?nore ejfeftually carrying into execution the laws relating to the duties on famped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for repealing certain Jlamp duties on policies for infuring property in any foreign kingdom or fate from lofs by fire\ or which, in and by the faid a£t of the twenty-fixth year of his faid Majefty, or by any other adf or a6ts of parliament now in force relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, are provided and eftabliihed for raifing, levying, recovering, collecting, and fecuring the duties thereby granted, or referred to, or any of them, and not hereby altered, (hall be of full force and effect with relation to the additional and new rates and duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the raifing, levying, recovering, collecting, and fecuring, the faid additional and new rates and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and

refpectiveJy

Hosted by Google

x791 •] -Ann0 regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 2r/	267

refpediively been hereby re-enadted, with relation to the faid additional and new rates and duties.

IV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That Form-of con-the form of conviddon fet forth in the faid adt of the twenty-fifth	inca<^>

year aforefaid, to be ufed by the juftice or juftices of the peace toberepeaiedj before whom any offender again# the faid adfc fhail be convidfed, and the fol-and the claufe containing the fame, fhail be, and the fame are lowing fubfti-hereby repealed; and that, from and after the faid fir# day of Jufyy tute^* all convidlions to be made out by any juftice or juftices of the peace, upon any offence committed again# the faid adt of the twenty-fifth year aforefaid, or of this adt, fhail be made out in the form, or to the effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the cafe (hall happen to be; and every fuch convideion fhail be good and effectual to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, without #ating the cafe or the fadts, or evidence, in any more particular manner,

(that is to fay):

B

E it remembered, that

(Place of conviction)

(Time of conviction)

on -

at

(Name of offender)

-----A.JB.---------

duly convifled before me (or us) or juftices)	(Name	of	offender)

'----------- for that the faid-----A. B.

(Place of committing offence)

(Addition of offender)

of---------------------- was

The name and ftyle of the convicting juftice

Form of conviction.

Time of offence)

at ■

did (here ftate the offence again# the adt, according to the fadt), contrary to the form of the ftatute; and I

(Name of offender)

(or we) do declare and adjudge that the faid ——* A. B.------hath

forfeited for his faid offence the fum of	to	be diftri-

bated as the law dir efts.

Given under my hand and feal, (or our hands and fealsthe day and year firf above mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons court-if any perfon fhail counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter- terfeiting feited or forged, any feal, ftamp or mark, to referable any feal, guiTtjTof C* ftamp, or mark directed or allowed to be ufed by this adt, for the felony, purpofe of denoting the duties by this adt granted, or {hall counterfeit or referable the imorel#on of the fame with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fuccehors, of any of the laid duties, or fhail utter, vend or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any ftamp duty by this adt impo fed. with fuch counterfeit ftamp or mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit, or fhail privately or fraudulently ufe any feal, ftamp, or mark, diredted or allowed to be ufed by this adt, relating to the faid ftamp duties by this adl impofed, with intent to defraud bis Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of any of the faid dudes; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted, fhail be adjudged a felon, and fhail fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Vol. XXXVII.	P	VI.	And

Hosted by

Google

p

Duties to be

paid into the exchequer,

after mentioned.

208 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgix III. c. 21. [ 179r.

Duties to be VI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That

paid to the a]| the fa[d rates and duties herein-before granted, (hall be paid receiver o-e-	•	.	.	o	r

neral of ftamp *rom tlrrie to ^me into the hands of the receiver general for the

duties.	time being of the duties on ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper,

who fnall pay the fame (the neceftary charges of raifing the fame

being deducted) into his Majefty’s receipt of exchequer at Weft-

minfter, at fuch time, and in fuch manner as other duties on ftampt

vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadfed by the autho-thority aforefaid, That during the continuance, and until the de-

andkepta part termination of the fund herein-after mentioned to be eftabliftied,

from other unto which the appropriation of a part of the faid rates and duties

monies during js hereby dire&ed, all the monies that fhall arife of the faid rates trie time tierc*	y	7

and duties, fhall be paid into the faid receipt diftindtly and apart

from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, during the time hereafter mentioned, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, fnall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, upon any account whatever, and which monies fo to be paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, within the time hereafter mentioned, fhall be fubjedf and applicable to the ufes and purpofes following, and to no other, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwitnftanding.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies arifing or to arife by the faid feveral rates and duties by this a£t impofed, which fhall be paid into the faid

April 5, 1792, receipt, at any time or times on or before the fifth day of April to be carried one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-two, fhall be carried to and made part of the fund called The Confolidated Fund; and that from and after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, all fuch monies that fhall be paid into the faid receipt, after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall, together with fuch other rates and duties as fhall be granted by any a£l or a£ta of this prefent feffion of parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the payment and discharge of the principal fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, to be railed by loans or exchequer bills, in purfuance of any a£t of this feffion of parliament, together with fuch intereft as fhall by fuch a£t be diredfed to be paid or made payable for the faid principal fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and fhall be iffued, applied, and difpofed, towards the paying off* and difeharging the faid fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and intereft to become due thereon as aforefaid, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That upon payment of the faid principal fum of one? million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and all intereft to become due thereon, or referring at the faid receipt of exchequer fo much

money

Duties paid into the exchequer on or before

to the con-folidated fund, and afterwards to be applied in difeharge of 1,233,000b to be raifed by exchequer bills, and intereft.

Afterpayment of the faid

1,833,000!.

and intereft, the duties to

Hosted by Google

1791Anno regni tricefimo primo GeorCii III. c. 22$ 23*	209

money out of the faid fund, to be eftablifhed as aforefaid, as fhall be carried ter

be fufficient to fatisfy and difeharge the faid principal fum of one dated°fan<h

million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and all

intereft as aforefaid, and publication thereof in the mariner to be

directed by any fuch aft of this feftion of parliament, the faid fund,

to be eftablifhed as aforefaid, fhall be underftood to be redeemed

by parliament, and from thenceforth all the money arifing from

the faid rates and duties hereby impofed and remaining in the faid

receipt, or thereafter paid into the fame, (hall be carried to and

made part of the faid fund called The Confolidated Fund, and, fhall

from thenceforth be applied in fuch manner as other duties on

flampt vellum, parchment, or paper are directed to be applied, or

as fhall hereafter be direfted by any aft -or afts of parliament in

that behalf.

X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time or times be fued, mo-lefted, or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons fhall or may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or General ilfiie/ their defence3 and if upon the trial a verdift fhall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-fuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts Treble coft^ awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIL

An ad for building a new common gaol andfeffion houfe, with accommodations thereto, for the county of Surrey, and for difpofing of the pre-fent county gaol, and the ground thereto belonging.

The ading juftices for the county to execute the ad. Juftices may pur-chafe ground near Horfemonger Lane, in the parilh of Newington, in Surrey, containing three acres and an half. Place and time of meeting of the juftices. All perfons enabled to fell, Witnefies may be examined on oath. A jury to aftefs the value of lands, and their verdid to be final. On payment of the money, the eftate to be veiled in the truftees. Choice of new truftees. New gaol to be built. Old gaol, in the parifli of Saint George Southwark, to be pulled down, and the ground fold. For railing money for the purpofes of this ad. How land to be purchafed ihall be taxed in future. For fecuring a free circulation of air about the gaol. For punching perfons obftruding or damaging buildings, &c. County rates may be mortgaged for the expences of the ad; or money raifed by annuities. Securities may be affigned. 3,4271. to difeharge intereft on mortgages, and pay annuities, to be taken out of county rates. Mode of difeharging mortgages. Application of the annual fum to be raifed. Juftices may appoint officers; and allow them falaries. All laws applicable to the purpoles of this ad to be extended to it. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fellions. Perfons profecuted may plead the general iffue; and recover treble cofts. Limitation of adions. Publick ad.

CAP. XXIII.

An ad for enlarging the term and powers of two ads made, one in the twenty-fecond, and the other in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the harbour of Mary Port, in the county of Cumberland.

Pa	CAP,

Hosted by Google

210

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. [1791. CAP. XXIV.

An abt for the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to the town of Ofweftry, and to certain parifhes within the hundred of Ofweftry, in the county of Salop, and to iuch part of the pari ill of Llany-mynech as lies within the laid hundred; and to the parifh of Chirk, in the county of Denbigh; and to the pariih of Llanfilin, in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

Guardians of the poor appointed and incorporated by the name of u The Guardians oi: the Poor of the Town and Liberties of Ofweftry, in the County of Salop, and of the Poor of the ieveral Parifhes united therewith.'19 Qualification of guardians, inhabitants rated at toL a year, or having a perfo-nal eftate of 500I. Firft meeting of the guardians. Quarterly meetings. Women to vote by proxy. Guardians and direbtors may abt as juftices. Guardians to fwear to their qualifications. Guardians and directors to defray their own expences. Directors or officers not to be concerned in any con-trabt. Chairman of the firft meeting to be appointed ; and alfo 15 directors. Mayor or deputy mayor for the town of Ofweftry to be a director. Parifhes to make out a lift of guardians, Szc. to be propofed for directors to fill up vacancies in the direction. Churchwardens and overleers required to call veftries. Directors to accept the offices within ten days. No perlon to be elected to the office of diredtor within five years after his having ferved. Direbtcrs required to take an oath. Guardians to appoint officers: may take fecurities from officers, Direbtors to meet every Monday morning. Special arfemblies may be held. Directors may contrabt for cr purchafe lands, buildings, &c. Purchafe money belonging to corporations, Szc. to be laid out in purchafe of other eftates. Lands which ihall be purchafed, to be rated as heretofore. Buildings to be furnifhed. Direbtors to have the management of the poor. Part of the ground to be inclofed for a burial place. Burial ground not to be ufed till confecrated. Power to apprehend vagrants. Direbtors may fend vagrants to their place of fettlement. Children taken in, to be apprenticed. Children may be difeharged or hired out. Power to borrow ia,oool. and to affign the rates. Affignments may be transferred. Power to raife money by a rate upon the inhabitants. Afleflments to be made upon an average to be fettled by commiffioners. Commiffioners, John Flint, Ifaac Wood, and Samuel Pritchard of Shrewf-bury. Churchwardens and overfeers to produce the parifli books. Perfons who have afted as parifli officers for feven years, to produce their books, and accounts. If parifh officers refufe to produce their books and accounts, the rates.to be made at the diferetion of the commiffioners. Power to appoint new commiffioners on vacancies. Parifh officers to affift in the execution of the abt. Direbtors may appoint conftables. Charity money applied towards relief of the poor to be included in each average. Parifh officers may raife money befides the fums requifite for the purpofes of this abt. The direbtors may allow money, for occaiional relief, to be retained in the hands of churchwardens. Power to fell the prefent workhoufe in Ofweftry; and any other buildings belonging to the poor. Property of the furniture, bee. veiled in direbtors. Punifhing perfons who ffiall fteal the fame; or buying or receiving the fame. No bufineis to be done by directors but at meetings. Penalty of 40s. on direbtors not attending meetings. If directors omit making rates, the rates fixed for the preceding year to be continued. Direbtors may grant certificates. Certificates now in the cuf-tody, and to be received in future by parifh officers, to be delivered to the clerk. Bonds of indemnity again ft baftards, to be given to the direbtors. Bye-laws may be made. No bye-law to be made, altered, or repealed, urilefs feven direbtors are prefent. Rewards to be given to the induftrious poor. Act not to extend to the poor in any almfhoufe. Contra bis and proceedings to be entered in a book. Inhabitants to infpect books and papers. Poor employed or born in the houfe of induftry not thereby to gam a fettlement'. AiAertaining the place of fettlement of baftard children. No appeal againft removals without content of the direbtors. Perfons rated may be witneffes concerning fettlement of paupers. When the profits

Hosted by Google

2 I I

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georg 11 I FI. c. 25.

of the poor’s labour fhall be fumcient for their maintenance, rates to ceafe. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal to the quarter fcfFions. Appeals not to fufpend the payment of rates. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form The expences of the a<5t. Limitation of actions. Treble coils. Publick ad.

C A P. XXV.

An aft for repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, pro-mijfory notes, and other notes, drafts, and ordersy and on receipts> and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS, by an aft made and pajfecl in the ivoenty-third Preamble.

year of the reign of his prcfent Majejly, intituled, An a St for 23Geo.3x.49, repealing an acf, made in the twenty-fecond year of his prefent recited, Majefty, intituled, An aft for charging a fiamp duty upon inland bills of exchange^ promijfory notes, or other notes payable otherwife than up-, on demand; and for granting new ftamp duties on bills of exchange, promiflory and other notes 5 and alfo Ramp duties on receipts; certain ftamp duties voere granted on bills of exchange, promijfory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and alfo upon receipts, or other difcharges given upon the' payment of money, we^ your Ma-jejiy's mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, thinking ihat it will be for the advantage of the publick to repeal all the rates and duties granted by the faid aft of the twenty'thirdyear of his prefent Majejly, and to grant unto your Majejly the feveral new rates and duties herein-after mentioned, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it ena£ted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of- the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the au thority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of Auguft ana one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, all the feveral rates pealed and duties impofed by the faid acf of the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the powers and authorities given and granted by the (aid acf, or by any fubfequent a£f, relating to the faid rates and duties, for the levying, raifing, or accounting for the fame, and all penalties and forfeitures relating thereto, fhall alfo ceafe, determine, and be no longer put in execution; fave and except always as to any arrears of the faid feveral rates and duties, or either of them, which may, on the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties or forfeitures relating thereto, which fhall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and the feveral powers, provifions, and remedies, for recovering the fame refpebtively.

II.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That, From Aug. t, from and after the faid firft day ol Auguft one thoufand feven hun- I79I*the f°l-

JP3	dred	lowlllS ftamP

and from Aug. 791, re- *

Hosted by

Google

2i2 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. [1791.

duties to be dred and ninety-one, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected and paid, viz. paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs and fucceffors, the feveral new rates and duties following; that is to fay.

For every draft payable

3d-

above 5I. 5s and not ex

iiTuable from time to time where firft iiTued,

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of . . paper, upon which any bill of exchange, draft, or order for the °ns^eandnnot°r	^	money	on	demand, fhall be ingrofTed, written or

above 51.5 s._printed, where the fum expreffed therein, or made payable there-

by, fhall amount to forty fhillings, and {hall not exceed five pounds and five fhillings, there fhall be charged a (lamp duty of three-pence; and where fuch fum fhall exceed five pounds and five fhillings, and fhall not exceed thirty pounds, a flamp duty of ceeding 30I. ftxpence; and where fuch fum fhall exceed thirty pounds, and fhall not exceed fifty pounds, a ftamp duty of nine-pence; and above 30I. and where fuch fum fhall exceed fifty pounds, and fhall not exceed n0it_lXCdedlDS one hundred pounds, a damp duty of one Chilling; and where above^ ol and ^'uc^ ^um exceed one hundred pounds, and fhall not exceed not exceeding two hundred pounds, a damp duty of one Chilling and fix-pence : looh-is.above iool. and not exceeding aool.—is. 6d.

and the fame	For every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of

duties to be paper, upon which any promifTory note, or other note for the pay-paid for notes ment of money to the bearer on demand, which may be rebearer ond^	fr°m	fcime	to	time after payment at the place where the

mand, and re- fame was firft iflued, in the manner herein-after directed, but not otherwife, fhall be ingrofTed, written, or printed, where the fum expreffed therein, or made payable thereby, fhall amount to forty {hillings, and fhall not exceed five pounds and five fhillings, there fhall be charged a damp duty of three-pence; and where fuch fum fhall exceed five pounds and five fhillings, and fhall not exceed thirty pounds, a damp duty of fixpence ; and where fuch fum fhall exceed thirty pounds, and fhall not exceed fifty pounds, a damp duty of nine-pence; and where fuch fum fhall exceed fifty pounds, and fhall not exceed one hundred pounds, a damp duty of one (hilling; and where fuch fum fhall exceed one hundred pounds, and fhall not exceed two hundred pounds, a damp duty of one (hilling and fixpence:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, upon which any promifTory note, or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which may be reddled from time to time after any payment at the fame place, or any ot^er place than where the fame was fird iffued in the manner other place,— herein-after directed, fhall be ingrofled, written, or printed, where 6d.	the fum expreffed therein, or made payable thereby, fhall amount

and above	to forty fhillings, and fhall not exceed five pounds and five fini-

sh 5s. but not lings, there fhall be charged a damp duty of fixpence ; and where exceeding 30 . pum Qjall exceej five pounds and five fhillings, and fhall not _	*	exceed thirty pounds, a damp duty of one (hilling

draft * 3-c. For every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of payable other- paper, upon which any bill of exchange, draft, or order, payable wife than up- othervfife than on demand, or any promifTory note, or other note

payable

For ev£ry fuch note for 40s. and not above 5I. 5s. re-ifluable where firft iffued, or at any .

Hosted by Google

j791Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 25.	213

payable otherwife than to the bearer on demand, £ha!l be ingro/T- on demand, ed, written, or printed, where the him exprcfTed therein, or made ^ 4?s* and payable thereby, {hall arriount to forty (hillings, and (hall not ex- ^5^ ove3o * ceed thirty pounds, thebe (hall be charged a {(amp duty of fix- a’00ve 30I. and pence; and where fuch fum fhall exceed thirty pounds, and (hall not exceeding not exceed fifty pounds, a (lamp duty of nine-pence; and v/here 50I.—9d. fuch fum fhall exceed fiftypounds, and fhall not exceed one hun- above 50I. and dred pounds, a ftamp duty of one {hilling; and where fuch fum (hall exceed one hundred pounds, and fhall not exceed two hun- a^oy'e IOQ*^ dred pounds, a ftamp duty of one (hilling and fixpence.	and not ex-

po r every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of ceeding aool. paper upon which any bill of exchange, promiftory note, or other is,6d. note, draft, or order, payable on demand, or otherwife, fhall be ^ n^eTor^ ingrofted, written, or printed, where the fum expreffed therein, more t^dn or made payable thereby, fhall exceed two hundred pounds, there 300I.—as. fhall be charged a ftamp duty of two (hillings:

All which rates and duties fhall be payable and paid by the per- Dutiespayable fon or perfons refpedfively making or figning fuch bills of ex- bythedrawer. change, promiftory notes, or other notes, drafts, or orders.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to charge any foreign-bills of exchange, which fhall be drawn in fetts, according to the cuftom of merchants, with any higher rate of duty than the rate following ; that

is to fay, where the fum expreffed in fuch bills, or made payable For every thereby, fhall not exceed one hundred pounds, there fhall be foreign hill charged a ftamp duty of fixpence ; and where fuch fum fhall ex- not'exceeding

ceed one hundred pounds, and fhall not exceed two hundred I00]__________

pounds, a ftamp duty of nine-pence; and where fuch fum fhall above iool. exceed two hundred pounds, a ftamp duty of one (hilling : pro- and not ex-vided that every bill of each fett of fuch bills fo drawn (hall be ceedinga©ol.— charged, and every fuch bill is hereby declared to be chargeable	ove

with the like duty, according to the rate above mentioned.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority

aforefaid. That nothing in this acontained fhall extend, or be Orders on

conftrued to extend, to charge any draft or order for the payment bankerswithin r	,	,	5	j 1	•	1	, 1CJ ^	10 miles ot the

ot money to the bearer on demand, bearing date on or before the p[ace Qf draw-

day on which the fame fhall be ilfued, and at the place from mg, payable to which the fame fhall be drawn and ifTued, and drawn upon any bearer on debanker or bankers, or perfon or perfons adding as a banker or bankers, and refiding and tranfadbing the bulinefs of a banker or bankers within ten miles of the place where fuch draft or order fhall be adhially drawn and ifTued.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority cojnpo-aforefaid. That all notes and bills whatever, which fhall be ifTued llLl0n*

by or on account of the governor and company of the bank of England, fhall be freed and exempted from all and every the ftamp duties herein-before impofed, upon the terms and conditions that the faid governor and company of the bank of England fhall pay, intQ the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejhninjier, the full

P 4	annual

Hosted by Google

2i4 Anno regni tricefimo prime Georgii III. c. 25. [1791.

annual fum of twelve thoufand pounds, by equal half-yearly payments, to be made on or before the tenth day of 05iobery and the filth day of April in every year ; the firft payment thereof to be made on or before the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one; any thing.herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.,

Perfons draw- VI. And be it further enadbed by the authority aforefaid, That ing bills, See. if any bill of exchange, promifTory note, or other note, draft, or Cu*ntnnt(? order, for the payment of any fum or fums of money.amounting anfweraWe & to ^orty killings or upwards, by this adb intended to be ftamped for the duty. as aforefaid, fhall, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a£b, be ingroiTed, written, or printed on vellum, parchment, or paper, which fhall not be (lamped dr marked according to the diredbiens of this adb, or which fhall be ftamped or marked with a (lamp or mark of a lower denomination or value than by this adb is diredbed, then, and in every fuch cafe, there (half be due, anfwered, and paid, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, the full rate of duty hereby chargeable thereon as aforefaid, and which rate or duty fhall be payable by and charged upon all and every perfon or perfons, feverally and refpedbively, who fhall draw or make, and utter and negociate, or caufe to be drawn or made and uttered and negociated, any fuch bill of exchange, promif-fory note, or other note, draft or order, on fuch vellum, parchment or paper not ftamped, or ftamped with fuch lower duty as aforefaid, his, her, and their refpeebive executors, adminiftrators, and afligns.

Regulations VII. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That no^re'iffu *n ca^es where any promifTory note, or other note, for the payable only* at * ment of money to the bearer on demand, which fhall contain any the place fum not exceeding five pounds and five fhillings, and fhall be where firft marked or ftamped with a mark or ftamp to denote the rate or iflued,	duty of three-pence hereby impofed ; and alfo where any fuch note

which fhall contain any fum exceeding five pounds and five fhillings, and not exceeding thirty pounds, and fhall be marked or ftamped with a mark or ftamp to denote the rate or duty of fix-pence hereby impofed ; and alfo where any fuch notes which fhall refpeebively contain any fums exceeding thirty pounds, and not exceeding two hundred pounds, and fhall *be marked or ftamped with any the refpedbive marks or ftamps to denote the rates and duties refpedbively hereby impofed on the fame in the manner herein-before directed, fhall, at any time or times, from and after the faid firfb day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, be paid by the perfon or perfons by whom the fame fhall have been made or figned, and firft iftued or negociated, and at the place where the fame were firft ifiued or negociated, it fhall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons fo paying the fame, notwithstanding fuch payment thereof, at any time afterwards, and fo from time to time, fo often as there fhall be occafion after every fuch payment thereof, but not otherwife, again to iftue, utter, or negociate fuch promifTory notes, or other notes, fo re-fpedively ftamped as aforefaid, in fuch and the like manner as the

fame

Hosted by Google

215

1791.3	Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 25.

fame were refpeffively firft iffued or negociated ; and every fuch note fo ftamped as aforefaid (hall be, and is hereby declared to'be, after any fuch payment thereof, but not otherwife, to be again iffuable and negociable, from time to time, as aforefaid, in fuch and the like manner, and to fuch and the like ufes, intents, and purpofes, as and for which the fame was firft ilfued or negociated ; any law or ffatute, or any ufage or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: and every fuch note fo ftamped as laft aforefaid, which, at any time or times from and after the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, fhall be paid by any perfon or perfons, other than the perfon or perfons making' or figning the fame, or at any place other than the place of bluing the fame in purfuance of any direffion, nomination or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or ex-preffed in or upon fuch note, {ball be taken and conftrued to-be thereupon wholly difeharged, vacated, and fatisned, and fhall be no longer negociable or transferable to any intent or purpofe whatever, but fhall be forthwith cancelled ; and if any perfon or Penalty on re-perfons fhall again iffue, utter, or negociate, or caufe to be again 1^hing fuch iffued, uttered, or negociated, any fuch promiftory or other note, to this after any payment thereof by any perfon or perfons other than the perfon or perfons making or figning the fame, or at any place other than the place of bluing the fame, in manner Jaft mentioned ; or if any perfon or perfons named or deferibed in fuch note for the payment thereof, fhall, after fuch payment thereof in manner laft mentioned, neglect or refufe to cancel the fame, or caufe the fame to be cancelled, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds ; and if any fuch note fo ftamped as laft aforefaid fhall not be cancelled, as is herein-before directed, but fhall be again iffued, uttered, or negociated, contrary to tiffs aff, then, and in every fuch cafe, and from time to time as often as fuch note fhall be again iffued, uttered, or negociated, there fhall be due, an-fwered, and' paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the like rate or dut-y which fhall appear to have been charged thereon before the firft bluing the fame, or which is by this act chargeable thereon as aforefaid; and which rate or duty fhall be payable by and charged on all and every perfon or perfons feverally and re-fpeffively who (hall again iffue, utter, or negociate any fuch note or notes, or fhall caufe or procure any fuch note or notes to be again iffued, uttered, or negociated contrary to this aft, his, her, and their refpective executors, adminiftrators, and affigns.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all promiffory notes, or other notes for the Notes not ex-payment of money to the bearer on demand refpeftively, not ex-ceeding the feveral fums of five pounds five Shillings, or thirty ftamot ^ pounds, as aforefaid, which fhall be refpeftively ftamped with the be re-UVued, duties of fixpence, or of one fhilling hereby impofed, in the man- after payment ner before direffed, fhall be, and are hereby declared to be re- b^arv^^’ iffuable, and may be again iffued and negociated, by virtue of othgr ncrfon. tiffs aft, by the perfon or perfons making or figning the fame, to

fuch -

Hosted by

Google

2i6 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. [179r."

fuch and the like ufes, intents, and purpofes, as and for which the fame refpebfively were firft iffued or negociated, notwithftanding fuch notes fhall have been prefented to, and paid by the perfon or pcrlons making or figning the fame, or jfhall have been prefented to, or paid by any other perfon or perfons in purfuance of any fuch diredfion, nomination, or appointment as aforefaid, for the payment thereof, or other wife howfoever, and fo from time to time as often as occafion (hall require, notwithftanding any payment or payments thereof; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Notes re iflu-	IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That

the hTdbl^t0 everT promiflbry note, or other note for the payment of ° CrS> money to the bearer on demand, which jfhall be iffuable or iffued after fuch payment or payments as aforefaid, in purfuance of this abl, fhall be taken and conftrued to be by virtue thereof due and payable to, and the property of, the perfon or perfons holding the fame, notwithftanding fuch payment or payments as aforefaid, and fuch perfon or perfons fhall be poflefled thereof in fuch manner as he, flue, or they would or might be poflefled thereof, or intitled thereunto, upon or before the firft iffuing the fame, and fhall and may maintain an ablion thereupon in fuch manner as he, fhe, or they might do, and have all the like remedies in law as he, fhe, or they might have had upon or before the firft ifluing the fame ; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon or perfons who, from and after the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, fhall write or fign, or caufe to be written or figned, or who fhall accept or pay, or caufe to be accepted or paid, any bill of exchange, promiflbry note, or other note, draft, or order, liable to. any of the duties by this abt impofed upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without the fame being firft duly ftamped or marked with a proper ftamp or mark in the manner herein pre-fcribed, or upon which there fhall not be fome ftamp or mark refembling the fame, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein-after is directed.

XI.	Provided always, That no perfon or perfons fhall have power, by virtue of this abt, to make any bills of exchange, promiflbry notes, or other notes, drafts, or orders, for the payment of any fum or fums of money, in any other manner than they might have lawfully made the fame before the pafling of this abt,

been done be- and as if this abt had not been pafled.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That; from and after the faid firft day of Augaji one thoufand feven hupdred and ninety-one, there fhall be raifed, levied, collebted, and paid throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, the feveral new rates and duties following $ that is to fay.

Penalty on perfons figning, See. un-ftampt bills, See.

No perfon by virtue of this act to make any bills, &c. but as might have lawfully

fore From Aug. r, 179 r, the following ftamp duties to be paid, viz.

For

Hosted by Google

1791*] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 25.	217

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of For any re-paper, upon which any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance given ^^under aol

for or upon the payment of money amounting to forty {hillings,______ ^

and not amounting to twenty pounds, fhall be ingroffed, written, or printed, there fhall be charged a ftamp duty of two-pence :

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of for 20b and , paper, upon which any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, given U1jder 50b— for or upon the payment of money amounting to twenty pounds, 4 ‘ and not amounting to fifty pounds, fhall be ingrofted, written, or printed, there fhall be charged a {lamp duty of four-pence:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of for 50I. or up-paper, upon which any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, given warc*s> 6d. for or upon the payment of money amounting to fifty pounds or upwards, fhall be ingrofied, written, or printed, there fhall be charged a ftamp duty of fixpence.

Which laft mentioned rates and duties fhall be paid and payable By whom the by the perfon or perfons by whom or on whofe behalf fuch re- duties are ceipts, difcharges, or acquittances fhall be required, except the Payat>le. duties on fuch receipts, difcharges, or acquittances as fhall be at any time or times given upon the payment of money in refpebt of any falary, penfion, debt, or other fum payable from his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftbrs, in which cafe the duty fhall be paid by the perfon or perfons giving fuch receipts, difcharges, or acquittances.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this a£t contained fhall extend, or Exemptions be conftrued to extend, to any receipt or other difcharge given fromtheduty. tor any legacy, orfhare or part of a perfonal eftate divided by force of the ftatute of diftributions, or the cuftom of any province or place, duly ftamped according to the directions of any aCl or aCls of parliament now in force, or to any receipt to be given by the treafurer of the navy for any money imprefted to, or received by him for the fervice of the navy, or to the receipt of any agent for money imprefted by or to him on account of the pay of the army or ordnance, or to any receipt to be given by any officer, feaman, or foldier, or their reprefentative refpe&ively, for or on account of any wages, pay, or penfion due to them from the navy, army, or ordnance offices refpeClively, nor to any receipt to be given for the confideration of the purchafe of any {hare in any publick flock or fund, or in the flocks of the corporations of the Bank of England, Eajl India company, or South Sea company, or for the dividends paid or payable on fuch fhares of the faid flocks, nor to any receipt given for money depofited in the banks of England or Scotland., or in the houfe of any banker or bankers, nor to any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance written on the back of any bill of exchange, promiftory note, or other note duly ftamped according to the directions of thisaCl, or on the back of any foreign bill of exchange payable in Great Britain; nor to any releafe or acquittance by deed duly ftamped according to the directions of any

Hosted by Google

2 I 8

Further

exemptions*

The full fum

tobeexpreffed in receipts; and any note, &c. given upon the payment of money, to be liable to duty.

Receipts, £*c. in full, liable to a duty of Sd.

law now in force; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend, *or be conftrued to extend, to any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, to be given upon any bill or note of the governor and company of the bank of England, or to any letter acknowledging the fate arrival of any bills, notes, or other fecurities for money, or to any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance indorfed on or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage, or other inftrument acknowledging the payment or repayment of any part of any principal fum, or any intereft thereupon, lent, paid, or fecured in, by, or upon fuch deed, bond, mortgage, or other inftrument duly ftamped according to the directions of former afts ; nor to any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance given, or required to be given, for any money payable by law to any merchants for drawbacks or bounties upon the exportation of any goods or merchandifes from this kingdom ; nor to any certificates of overentry of any duties of cuftoms ; any thing in this aft, or any other aft or afts of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the full and juft fum of money for which any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance fhall be given, and the true date thereof, fhall be bona fide refpeftively inferred therein; and that all notes, memorandums, or writings whatever, given to any perfon or perfons for or upon the payment of money amounting to forty fhillings or upwards, whereby any fum of money fhall be acknowledged to have been paid, fettled, received, accounted for, difcharged, releafed, or in any manner fatisfied, or which fhall in any manner fignify or denote fuch acknowledgement as aforefaid, and whether the fame fhall or fhall not be figned by or with the name or names of the perfon or perfons by or on whofe behalf the fame fhall be given, fhall be refpeftively taken and conftrued to be receipts within the true intent and meaning of this aft, and fhall be liable to the refpeftive duties impofed thereon.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,That every receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing whatever, given to any perfon or perfons for or upon the payment of money which fhall contain or exprefs, or in any manner fignify or denote, any general acknowledgement of any debt, claim, account, or demand, or all or any debts, claims, accounts, or demands being paid, fettled, received, accounted for, balanced, difcharged, releafed, or fatisfied, or whereby any fum of money therein mentioned fhall be acknowledged to be in full or in difcharge or fatisfaftion of all or any fuch debts, claims, accounts, or demands, or intended fo to be, and whether the fame fhall or {hall not be figned by or with the name or names of the perfon or perfons by or on whofe behalf the fame fhall be given, fhall be deemed and taken to be a receipt for the fum of fifty pounds and upwards within the true intent and meaning of this aft, and fhall be liable to the ftamp duty of fixpence by this a61 impofed thereon 1

Hosted by Google

On ; and no fuch receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing, (hall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court, to be ufeful or available in law or equity as an acknowledgement of any debts, claims, accounts, or demands being paid, fettled, received, accounted for, balanced, difcharged, releafed, or fatisfied, whether generally or otherwife, or for any other or greater Aim of'money than the fum of money therein exprefled, unlefs the fame fhall be {tamped with the proper ftamp to denote the faid duty of fixpence hereby irn-pofed ; any thing in fuch receipt, difcharge, acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing exprefled notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid,That all and every perfon or perfons who, from and after the firft day of Auguji one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, fhall write or Agn, or caufe to be written or Agned, or who fhall accept, or caufe to be accepted, any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, given for or upon the payment of money liable to any Acamp duty charged by this a£t upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without the fame being firft duly ftamped or marked with a proper ftamp or mark as herein is directed, or upon which there fhall not be fome ftamp or mark refembiing the fame, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of forty {hillings, in cafe the fum paid or contained in fuch receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, fhall not amount to the fum of twenty pounds; the fum of five pounds, in cafe fuch fum fhall amount to twenty pounds, and fhall not amount to fifty pounds; and the fum of ten pounds in cafe fuch fum fhall amount to fifty pounds, or upwards; and all and every perfon or perfons who fhall give or accept any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, or any note, memorandum, or writing, acknow-ledging the payment of money, in which a lefs fum fhall be ex-prelTed than the fum a&ually paid or received, or on which there fhall be a ftamp or mark of lower denomination or value than is hereby charged in refpeft thereof, or who fhall feparate or divide the fum actually paid or received into divers Aims, with intent to evade the faid duties, or any of them, or who fhall be guilty of, or concerned in, any fraudulent contrivance or device wdiatfoever, with intent or defign to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or luccef-fors, of any of the faid duties by this a<£l impofed, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in manner as hereinafter is directed.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefiiid. That, for the better and more effectually levying and collecting all the faid duties herein-before granted, the fame fhall be under the care and management of the commifiioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, for which purpofe they, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ fuch officers under them, and to allow fuch falaries and incidental charges as may be neceffary, and to ufe and provide fuch (lamps to denote the faid feveral duties as fhall be requifite in that behalf, and to alter or renew the fame in fuch manner as any other

a	(lamps

219

Nounftamped receipt, See. available in law.

Penalty on perfons fign-ing, &c. receipts un-ftamped, &c.

Duties to be under the management of the com-mifiioners for it amps.

Hosted by

Google

£20

Vellum, Sec. to be ftampt before written upon, See.

Receipts, Sec. not ftampt may.be ftamp-cd within the times herein prefer i bed, upon payment of the fums herein mentioned;

Ramps on vellum, parchment, or papery are* by any former law relating to Ramped vellum, parchment, or paper, dire6led to be altered or renewed; and to do all other things neceflary to be done for putting this a6l into execution with relation to the faid duties, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they$ or the major part of them, are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning Ramped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XIX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to any {lamp duty by this a eft, (hall, before any of the matters or things hereby charged fhall be ingrofled, printed, or written thereupon, be brought to the head office for {lamping or marking vellum, parchment, or paper; and the faid commiffioners by themfelves, or by their officers employed under them, fhall and may, from time to time, {lamp and mark as this a6l directs, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, before any of the matters or things hereby charged {hall be ingrofled, printed, or written thereupon, upon payment of the feveral duties payable for the fame by virtue of this a6t; and no bill of exchange, pro-miflory note, or other note, draft, or order, nor any receipt, dif-charge, acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing aforefaid, liable to the duties by this a6l impoled, or any of them, fhall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good, ufeful, or available in law or equity, unlefs the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which fuch bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, receipt, difeharge, acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing as aforefaid, fhall be ingrofled, printed, written or made, fhall be {lamped or marked with a lawful {lamp or mark, to denote the rate or duty as by this a61 is directed, or fome higher rate or duty in this a6t contained; and it fhall not be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or their officers, to Ramp or mark any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any {lamp or mark dire6ted to be ufed or provided by virtue of this a6t, at any time after any bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, or any receipt, difeharge, or acquittance, except as herein is other wife provided, fhall be ingroiled, written, or printed thereon, under any pretence whatever; any thing in this a6l contained, or any law or flatute to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led by the authority aforefaid, That every receipt, difeharge, or acquittance, given upon the payment of money, and written on vellum, parchment, or paper, not {lamped as aforefaid, which fhall be brought to the faid commiffioners, or their officers employed by them for that purpofe, to be Ramped according to the directions- of this act, within the {pace of fourteen days after fuch receipt, difeharge, or acquittance fhaii be given, or fhall bear date, fhall and may be permitted to be Ramped, on payment of the fum of forty {hillings, over and above the duty payable for the fame by virtue pf this a6l; and every fuch receipt, difeharge, or acquittance, which fhall be brought to be Ramped as aforefaid, after the expiration

Hosted by Google

221

17910 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 25.

of fuch fourteen days, and within one calendar month after fuch receipt, difcharge, or acquittance (hall be given, or fhali bear date, fhall and may be permitted to be ftamped, on payment of the fum of five pounds, over and above the duty payable for the fame, by virtue of this adf, and the proper officer or officers are hereby enjoined and required upon fuch receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, being brought to them, within the refpedlive times herein-before limited, and upon payment of the duty, and the re-fpedtive fums aforefaid, but not otherwife, to mark or ftamp fuch receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, with the proper mark or (lamp by this adt required for the fame.

XXI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadfed by the authority

aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con- and in that firued to extend, to fubjedf any perfon or perfons to any penalty	liable

or forfeiture in refpedl of any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance toanype-accepted, or caufed to be accepted by him or them, on vellum, nalty. parchment, or paper not ftamped, in cafe fuch receipt, difcharge,

or acquittance fhall be brought to the faid commiffioners or their officers employed under them to be ftamped as by this adt is directed; and the duties payable for the fame, together with fuch penalty as by this adt is diredted, fhall be paid into the hands of fuch officer or officers within the times herein-before refpedtively mentioned, nor to fubjedt any fuch perfon or perfons to any fuch penalty or forfeiture in refpedt of fuch receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, fo accepted by him or them as aforefaid, until the expiration of fuch calendar month after fuch receipt, difcharge, or acquittance (hall be given, or (hall bear date as aforefaid.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no officer or other perfon (hall be fub- Commiffion-jedt to any penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, or incapacities in ers of (lamps this or any former adt mentioned for writing or accepting any ™ ' ori c receipts, difeharges, or acquittances by this adt charged as afore- books to be faid, given to him or them in refpedt of any publick office or em- ufed in pub-ployment, on any book or books belonging to any publick office, lick offices, or the office of any corporation or company, or in any court of ?ceiDts^

law or equity in Great Britain, without any marks or ftamps thereon, which (hall have been firft (hewn to, and figned by the commiffioners of ftamps for the time being appointed to put this adt in execution, or any three of them, or lome officer or officers by them, or the major part of them, for that purpofe authorifed and impowered tofignifyhis or their approbation or confent, (and which the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, may allow or refufe at their diferetion in all cafes), that the receipts, difeharges, or acquittances, to be written on fuch book or books, may be therein written without any marks or ftamps thereon, fo as the perfon or perfons having the cuftody of fuch book or books, do, from time to time (when and as often as he or they (hall be thereto required), permit the faid commiffioners, or any of them, or any officer or agent by them, or the major part of them, for that purpofe appointed, to infpedt and view fuch book and books, and do alfo (from time to time when and as often as

he

Hosted by Google

Vellum, See. ftampt under s3Geo.3-c.49. may within 30 days after Aug. 1, 1791, be exchanged at the ftamp office.

Anno regni triccfimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. [1-79-1.

he or they (hall he thereto required by the Paid commiffioners, or the major part of them, or any Qther by them, or the major part of them, authorifed) pay unto the receiver-general for the time being of the faid duties, all fuch fum and films of money which,

, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, ought to be paid in refpeft of fuch receipts, difcharges, and acquittances, as aforefaid, as Hiall be written in fuch book or books, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfons who fhall, on the faid fir ft day of Augvfi one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, have in their cuftody or pofteflion any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with any ftamp or mark under the faid recited aft of the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefly’s reign, and upon wffiich none of the matters or things, by the faid recited aft charged, fhall be ingrofted, printed, or written, at any time within the fpace of thirty days after the faid firft day of Augnjl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, to bring or fend fuch vellum, parchment, or paper, to the faid com-miffioners at their head office, who, or their officers under them, are hereby required to exchange the fame for ftamps of the like value imprefied with marks or ftamps to be provided under this aft, without demanding or taking, direftly or indireftiy, for the fame any fum of money, or other confide-ration whatever 5 and all vellum, parchment, and paper ftamped or marked under the faid recited aft of the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, which fhall not be brought or delivered unto the faid commiffioners or officers aforefaid, fhall be and is hereby declared to be of no other effeft or ufe than if the fame had not been ftamped ; and the matters and things which fhall, after the faid hr ft day of Augajl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, be ingrofted, printed, or written thereon, fhall be of no other effect than if the Tame matters and things had been ingrofted, printed, or written on undamped vellum, parchment, or paper; and all perfons who fhall write or fign any bill of exchange, protniftory note, or other note, draft, or order, receipt, difcharge, or acquittance on fuch vellum, parchment, or paper, after the faid firft day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, ft)all be liable to the penalties hereby inflicted^ on perfons writing on vellum, parchment, or paper not ftamped.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. How penalties That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby vided* and re ^mP°^3 fhall (if fued for within the fpace of three calendar covered. months from the time of any fuch penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who fhall inform or fue for the fame within the time aforefaid; and which fth.all and may be fued for in any of his Majefty’s courts at Wefiminfter, for offences committed in England, and in his Majefty’s court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for offences committed in Scotland., by aftion of debt, bill, plaint; or information,

wherein

Hosted by Google

17910 Anno regni tricefimo primoGeorgii III. c. 25.	223

wherein no effoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, {hall be allowed.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Juftices may juftice of the peace, refiding near the place where the offence determine of-fhall be committed, to hear and determine any offence againft

this a£t, which fubjedfs the offender to any pecuniary penalty; parties to pe-which faid juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and required, cuniary penaJ-upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that be-half, within three calendar months after the offence committed, to fummon the party accufed; and alfo the witneffes on either fide, and to examine into the matter of fadf, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, to give judgement or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this a6f is directed to be divided, one moiety thereof to his Majeffy, his heirs or fucceffbrs, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers ; and to award and iffue out his warrant under his hand and leal, for the levving the laid penalty fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof in cafe they fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any) ; and where the goods of fuch offender cannot be found fumcient to anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain for the fpace of three calendar months, unlefs fuch pecuniary penalty fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall find Perron's ag-himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of any fuch juf- grieved may tice, then he or they fhall and may, upon giving fecurity to the a^C?r fef-C amount of the value of fuch penalty and forfeiture, together with fJons, fuch cofts as fhall be awarded in cafe fuch judgement fhall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace, at the next general or quarter feffions for the county, riding, or place, which fhall happen after fourteen days next after fuch conviction fhall have been made, and of which appeal reafonable notice fhall be given, who are hereby impowered to fummoiv and examine witneffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the lame; and in cafe the judgement of fuch juftice fhall be affirmed, it fhall be lawful for fuch juftices to award the perfon or perfons appealing, to pay fuch cofts occafioned by fuch appeal as to them fhall feem meet.

XXVI.	Provided neverthelefs, That it fhall and may be law- Penalties may ful to and for the faid juftice, where he fhall fee caufe, to miti- be mitigated, gate and leffen any fuch penalties as he fhall think fit, (reafonable

cofts and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcovery, as in profecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation), and fo as fuch mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lefs than a moiety of the penalties in- ' curred over and above the faid cofts and charges ; any thing contained in this a61, or any other a61 of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or per- Witneffes not fons fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or witneffes, to give evidence attending, &c.

Vox.. XXXVII.	CL	be-t0 forfeit, 40s.

Hosted by Google

within the li noted time, recoverable ©nly as is herein mentioned.

224 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. [1791*

before fuch juftice orjuftices, touching any of the matters relative to this ad, and fhall negled or refufe to appear at the time and place to be for that purpofe appointed, his o,r her reafonable excufe for fuch neglect or refufal to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or appearing fhall refufe to be examined on oath, and give evidence before whom the profecution fhall be depending, that then every fuch perfon fhall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of forty fhillings, to be levied and paid in fuch manner, and by fuch means, as is herein directed as to other penalties.

Penalties not XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That, prosecuted for in default of profecution. within the time herein-before limited, no fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general in England, or advocate in Scotland, by information in the refpedive cpurts aforefaid, in which cafe the whole of fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall belong to his Majelly, his heirs and fuccefTors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and fhares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforefaid, belonging to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccef-fors, fhall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majefty’s ftamp duties for the time being; and that in all cafes where the whole of fuch pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fhall be recovered to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, it fhall be lawful for the faid commifiioners to caufe fuch reward as they fhall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of fuch penalties or forfeitures fo recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, to or amongft any perfon or perfons who fhall appear to them in-titled thereto as informers, -in refped of fuch penalties or forfeitures fo recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Perfons coun-	if	any perfon fhall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be

er ei mg counterfeited or forged, any ftamp or mark, directed or allowed to be ufed or provided, made or ufed in purfuance of this ad for the purpofe of denoting any of the duties by this ad granted, or fhall counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majefty, bis heirs or fucceftors, of any of the faid duties, or fhall utter, vend, fell, or expofe to fale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the faid duties, with fuch counterfeit mark or impreftlon thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or fhall privately or fraudulently ufe any ftamp or mark, direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, of any of the faid duties, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convided, fhall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fufter death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

ref edtin th XXX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, prefentduties, That all powers, provifions, artides, claufes, allowances on pre-to extend to ’ fent payment of the duties, and all other matters and things pre-this adt. fcribed or appointed by any former ad or ads of parliament relating

Hosted by Google

ftamps, &c, guilty of felony.

All powers

1791.J Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 25.	225

lating to the ftamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), ihall.be of full force and efFedf, with relation to the duties hereby impofed, and fhall be applied and put in execution for the raifing, levying, collecting, and fecuring, the laid duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this a£t, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had feverally and refpeCtively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the faid duties hereby impofed.

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

That all the faid duties herein-before granted, and all arrears of Duties to be the rates and duties hereby repealed, (hall be paid from time to paid to the time into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of ^aTof ftamo the duties.on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who fhall duties, and by pay the fame (the neceffary charges of raifing and accounting for him paid into the fame being deducted) into his Majefty’s receipt of exchequer at the exche-Wejiminjler, at fuch time and in fuch manner as other duties on (luer* ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are direCted to be paid.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That until the payment of the fum of one Till payment million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and in- ^dintirefTa^s tereft thereupon, in the manner herein-after mentioned, all .the herein-after monies that ,fhall arife of the faid rates and duties, and arrears as mentioned, aforefaid, fhall be paid into the laid receipt, difiinctly and apart duties paid from.all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there ^to the ex-fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid be^pt fepa-° receipt of exchequer, during the time herein-after mentioned, a rate from book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates other monies, and duties, and arrears as aforefaid, and paid into the faid receipt,

fhall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever; and which monies, fo to be paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, within the time herein-after mentioned, fhall be fub-jeCb and applicable to the ufes and purpofes following, and no other.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid.

That .all the monies arifing, or to arife, by the faid feveral rates Duties paid and duties by this impofed, or from arrears of the rates and into the ex-'duties hereby repealed, which fhall be paid into the faid receipt, chequer, on or at any time or times, on or before the fifth day of April one thou-	5*

fand feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall be carried to, and made carried to the part of, the fund called The Confolidated Fund; and that from and eonfolidated after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and funcb ninety-two, out of the. monies that fhall be paid into the faid re- andafterwards /ceipt. of the faid rates and duties hereby impofed, or arrears as of\*Jbe aj>C~ aforefaid,.after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hun- plied quarter-d.red and ninetyrtwo, the fum of thirty-two thoufand one hundred ly to that and fifty pounds, being one fourth part of the fum of one hundred funcb and twenty-eight thoufand fix hundred pQunds, the annual average produce for three years, ending the fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, of the refpedlive rates and duties hereby repealed, fhall quarterly, on the fifth day of

0.2 '

Hosted by Google

and the remainder applied towards difcharging 1,833,000]. to be raifed by exchequer bills, and intereft.

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. [1791.

July, the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April, in every year, during the time aforefaid, be carried to, and made part of, the faid fund called The Confolidated Fund \ and that after fetting apart, at the faid receipt pf exchequer, at the end of each fuch quarter, the fum of thirty-two thoufand one hundred and fifty pounds, the remainder of the duties granted by this add, and arrears as aforefaid, {hall, together with fuch other rates and duties as (hall be granted by any add or adds of this prefent feflion of parliament for' this purpofe, be a fund for the payment and difcharge of the principal fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, in purfuance of any add of this feflion of parliament, together with fuch intereft as {hall, by fuch add, be di redded to be paid or made payable for the faid principal fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and fhall be iffued, applied, and difpofed towards the paying off and difcharging the faid principal fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and intereft to become due thereon as aforefaid, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Afterpayment That, upon payment of the faid principal fum of one million

^	' J eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and all intereft

to become due thereon, or referving at the faid receipt of exchequer fo much money, out of the faid fund to be eftablilhed as aforefaid, as fhall be fufficient to fatisfy and difcharge the faid -principal fum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thoufand pounds, and all intereft as aforefaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be diredded by any fuch add of this feilion of parliament, then and from thenceforth all the money arifing from the faid rates and duties hereby impofed, and remaining in the faid receipt, or thereafter paid into the fame, fhall be carried to and made part of the faid fund called The Confolidated Fund, and fhall from thenceforth be applied in fuch manner as other duties on ftampt vellum, parchment, or paper are directed to be applied, or as fhall hereafter be diredded by any add or adds of parliament in that behalf,

XXXV.	And be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this add, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons fhall or may plead

General iifue. the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, Upon the trial, a verdidd fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-Treble colds, fuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him gr them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

of the faid 1,833,000b and intereft, the duties to be carried to the confolidated fund.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 2o.

227

CAP. XXVI.

An aft to allow the importation offeal[kins cured with foreign fait free of duty,for a limited time.

WH EREAS by an afty made and paffed in the twenty-fixth year Preamble.

of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled,, An aft for the a6Geo.3.c,50. encouragement of the fouthern whale fifhery,y/tvVzj of feals taken and recited. caught in any part of the ocean by the crews of fuch Jhips or veffels as in the faid aft are mentioned,, are allowed upon importation to be admitted to entry, and landed without payment of any ciiflom or duty what-foever: and it being expedient to extend the provifiGns of the faid aft to fkins of feals cured with foreign fait laden on board at fea for that pur-pofe\ be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft exxellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fourteenth From June 14, day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, the li- Iff*'the *1‘, berty granted by the faid aft to import fkins of feals taken and to import feal caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any fhip or veffel fkins, to ex-built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfeyy Jerfey, tend to fuch or Many wholly owned by his Majefty’s fubjefts'ufually redding therein refpeftively, and navigated in the manner in the faid aft foreign fait direfted, fhall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to all fuch fkins laden from the of feals fo taken and caught, as fhall be cured or preferved with Cape de Verd foreign fait, laden on board fuch (hips or veffels at fea from the ffiands>

Cape de Verd iflands, or other iflands or places adjacent, and which (hall not be imported with more fait or brine than fhall be necef-fary for the prefervation thereof, and any quantity of foreign fait not made in any part of Great Britain or Ireland, which fhall be neceffary for curing or preferving the fkins of feals fo caught and taken, fhall be allowed to be taken and laden on board fuch fhips or veffels at fea, from the faid iflands and places refpeftively, for the purpofes of this aft, any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, aiid be it further enafted by the authority upon con . aforefaid, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend, or be	ul**

conftrued to extend, to give liberty of importing any fuch feal ^fon^herefn fkins duty-free, unlefs the captain or perfon having the charge or preferibed. command of fuch fhip or veffel importing the fame, fhall make oath, before the colleftor or other principal officer of the duties on fait at the port of importation, who is hereby authorifed to ad-minifter fuch oath, that all the fkins of feals to be imported were taken and caught under the reftriftions and regulations contained in the faid aft for the encouragement of the fouthern whale fifhery, and that all the fait ufed in the curing or preferving the fkins of feals fo imported, was taken and laden on board fuch fhip or veffel at fea from fome of the Cape de Verd iflands, or from fome illand or place adjacent thereto for that purpofe, and that to the beft of his belief fuch fait was foreign lalt, and not made in, or exported from Great Britain or Ireland, and that no drawback or allow-

0.3	ance.

Hosted by Google

22S Anno regni tricefirrio prirrio Georgii III. c. 27. [1791.

ance, or debenture for the fame, hath been obtained or required; and fuch (kins of feals {hall alfo be duly entered at the cuftom houfe of the faid port, and landed in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, and of the duties on fait, to be appointed for that purpofe; and that all the fait which fhall fall -off, and not adhere to fuch fkins of feals, and all the brine or other liquor wherein the fame {hall be cured or preferved, which {hall not be neceffary for the immediate prefervation thereof, fhall be taken from the faid fkins of leals, and (hall, in the prefence of the faid officer or officers, be caff and thrown away or other wife de-ftroyed 5 and on failure of any of thefe conditions, fuch fkins of feals, cured or preferved with foreign fait as aforefaid, fhall be liable to pay the fame duties as they would h&ve been fubjecft and liable to if this a£t had not been made, any thing in this acft, or any former adl or adds of parliament, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

ot°thisUa?Ce	And be it further enadled, That this a<9: fhall continue in

o 11s ac . force from the fourteenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, until the end of the next feffion of parliament.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for repealing certain duties of excife upon tanned goat J,'kins and flieep fkins, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and alfo certain duties of cujloms on tanned goat Jkins imported.

Preamble.

S7Geo.3 c.13. fecifed.

From July 5, 1791, the excite duties, impofedbythe recited adt.

WHEREAS by an aft, made and pajfed in the twenty feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, (intituled, An adt for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the faid duties, to-> gether with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchan-dife, the produce and manufacture of the European dominions of the Freyich king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt,) certain duties of excife are itnpofed for goat fins tanned with Jhomack or other-, wife, in Great Britain, to refe?nble Spaniffi leather, andfor jheepjkins tanned for roans (being after the nature of Spanifh leather) in Great Britain: we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, thinking it expedient to repeal the faid duties, and to grant other duties in Ijeu thereof; and to grant the additional duty of cuftoms hereinafter mentioned on tanned goat fkins imported, do moft humbly fiefeech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enacfted Ipy the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and Confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand'feven hundred and ninety-one, the faid duties of excife impofed by the faid a£t of the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fhall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; fave

and

Hosted by

Google

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo prirno Georcii III. c. 27.	229

and except in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any on tanned arrears thereof which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any a^ng fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating repealed; * thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the fifth dayo( July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, and the fol-from and after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hun-dred and ninety-one, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and Qn tanned paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and upon all goat fkins tanned goat fkins which fhall be imported into Great Britain, an imported, an additional duty of cuftoms of fifteen fhillings the dozen, and fo in ad proportion for any greater or lefs number of fuch tanned goat J ° ^ fkins, to be paid in ready money, without any difcount whatever, Zen. by the importers of fuch fkins before the landing thereof; and that there fhall be alfo raifed, levied,collehted, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and upon all goat fkins tanned with fhomack, or otherwife, in Great Britain, to refemble SpaniJJy leather, and for and upon all fheep fkins tanned for roans (being after the nature of Spanijh leather) in Great Britain, to be paid by the tanners thereof refpehtively, the following duties of excife; that is to fay,

For every dozen of goat fkins tanned with fhomack or other-wife, in Great Britain, to refemble Spanijh leather, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number of fuch goat fkins, four Ihillings:

And for every dozen of fheep fkins tanned for roans (being after the nature of Spanijh leather) in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number of fuch fheep fkins, two fhillings and three-pence.

On goat fid ns tanned with fhomack in Great Britain, 4S. a dozen;

and on fheep lkins tanned for roans, as. 3d.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That, A drawback from and after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hun-	dat^"0f

dred and ninety-one, there fhall be allowed for and upon all tanned ^uftoms^o be goat fkins, on which the additional duty of cuftoms by this a£t allowed on impofed fhall have been paid, and which fhall be exported as mer- exportation, chandife to foreign parts, a drawback of the faid additional duty; which faid drawback fhall be allowed and paid by the commif-fioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeeftively, in fuch manner, and at fuch times, and under fuch rules, regulations, re-ftridions, and provifions, as the drawbacks of the duties of cuftoms are now allowed and paid on the exportation of goat fkins of Ire-land undreffed.

IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Tanned goat all tanned goat fkins which may have been imported into this *k*ns import-kingdom fince the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred ^ 17^1, but and ninety-one, but of which entries have not been made, fhall not entered, be fubjedt and liable to the additional duty of cuftoms impofed by liable to the this aft, and fhall be allowed the like drawbacks upon the expor- additional tation thereof from this kingdom, in like manner as if the fame du

0.4	had

Anno regni tricefmio primo Georgii TIL c. 27. [1791.

had been imported after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one. iaCar.i.c.24) V. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That to^his :rd anc^ every t,Qe powers, dire&ions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an a61 made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An ad for taking away the court of guards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majefty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in. force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, are provided and eftablifhed for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or appertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, in fuch cafes for which other provifions are made and prefcribed by this aCt, {hall be praCtifed, ufed, and put in execution in and for. the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties by this aCt impofed, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in this prefent aCt.

Duties of ex- VI. And be further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That F*e ofeh to be t^e ^ut^es of excife by this aCt impofed {hall, from time to time, railed, as is he raifed, received, levied, recovered, and fecured, by fuch ways provided by and means, and under fuch management, and under fuch penally adt in ties and forfeitures, and with fuch power of adjudging and miti-in£s Sating Penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch other powers, and tanned in lubjeCt to fuch rules and directions, and in fuch methods, manner. Cheat Britain, and form, as by any act or aCts of parliament, (as the cafe may require) in force at the commencement of this aCt, for or in re-fpeCt of goat (kins tanned with fhomack or otherwife, in Great Britain, to refemble Spanif leather, and flieep fkins tanned for roans (being after the nature of Spanifh leather), in Great Britain, is directed and prefcribed; and that the faid aCt and aCts, and all the claufes, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things therein contained, for the raifing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring or paying the faid duties refpeCtively, are and {hall be continued, pra&ifed, and put in execution, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, and paying the refpeCtive duties of excife by this aCt impofed, as fully 2nd effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in this aCt.

Duties to be VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That con^okdated6 t^le money ar^lng by the duties by this aCt impofed, the necef-fund.	fary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted, {hall

from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlminfer, and the money fo paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer as aforefaid {hall be carried to and made part of the fund called The Confolidated Fund.

CAP,

Hosted by Google

179*0 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 28,29.	231

CAP. XXVIII.

An aCl to enable his Majejly to make co?npenfation to the officers of the late ivine licence office,for the lofs oj their offices.

WHEREAS by an alt, made in the thirtieth year of the reign Preamble.

of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An a6t for repealing the du- Ad: 30 Geo.3. ties upon licences for retailing v/ine and fweets, and upon licences c. 38. recited, for retailing diftilled fpirituous liquors, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, the power of granting licences for retailing wine, and the management thereof were transferred from the co?nmiffioners of Jlamps, to the commiffioners of excife: and whereas feveral officers employed in the collection and management of the revenue arifmg from fucb licences, whilfl the fa?ne were under the management of the faid , commiffiioners of Jlamps, were by the faid transfer deprived of their employments, and the falaries and emoluments arifmg therefrom, and it is expedient that fome compenfation fbould be made to fuch officers for the lofs of fuch their falaries andemoluments; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefly, his heirs and fuc- Majefly ceffors, by warrant under his or their fign manual, to diredl, the^commif-during pleafure, the commiffioners of excife to pay to fuch offi- fionersofex-cers refpedlively, out of the revenue of excife, fuch yearly allow-"cife to make ances as his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflfors, fhall judge fit, fo yearly allow-as no allowance to any fuch officer fhall exceed the yearly amount Q^ers° 8cc of the falary and emoluments of which he has been fo deprived, deprived of* and fo as the whole of fuch allowances do not exceed the yearly their employ-fum of eight hundred pounds.	ments by the

0	recited ad

C A P. XXIX.

An ci5i for efablijhing a court of civil jur if diction in the if and of Newfoundlander a li?nited time.

WHEREAS by an aCt, paffied in the fifteenth year of his pre- Preamble.

fent Majeffs reign, intituled\ An a£l for the encourage- i5Geo.3.C3i. ment of the fifheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijh dominions in Europe, and for fecuring the return of ' the fifhermen, failors, and others employed in the faid fifheries, to the ports thereof, at the end of the fifhing feafon, it ivas, amongfi other things, enaCted, Tfhat all difputes which Jhould arife concerning the wages of every and any fuch feaman or fijherman, and all offences zvhich Jhould be committed by every hirer or employer of fuel? feaman or fijher man againfl that aCt, Jhould and might be enquired of, heard, and determined\ and the penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred Jhould and might be recovered in the court of feffion in the faid alt mentioned, or in the court of vice admiralty having jurifdiciion in the ifiand ^Newfoundland; and whereas, by another afi, paffied in the twentyfixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An adl and 26 Geo. 3, to amend and render more effectual the prefent laws now in force c* recited.

for

Hosted by GoOglC

2J2

His Majefty may confli-tute a court of civil jurif-diction at Newfoundland, &c.

The manner in which the court is to proceed*

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 29, [1791;

for encouraging the fifheries carried on at Newfoundland\ and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijh dominions in Europe; and for granting bounties, for a limited time, on certain terms and conditions; fo much of the faid firf-mentioned aSl, as gives any jurifdiStion to the court of vice admiralty for the faid if and of Newfoundland, with refpeSi to inquiring, hearing, and determining difputes concerning the wages of any feaman or fijherman, or any offence committed by any hirer or e?nployer of fuch feaman or fijherman, or any controverfies or differences arifingfrom their contrasts or agreements, Jhould be, and the fame was thereby repealed: and whereas the provifmis made by the faid jhf-?nentioned aSt,for the ad-minifir ation of jufiice in civil cafes, are infuffcient, and it is highly expedient that a court of civil jurifdiStion, having cognizance of all picas of debt, account, contrasts refpeSiing perfonal property, and all trefpaffes againfi the perfon, goods, or chattels, Jhould be efiablfhed in the faid if and <?/'Newfoundland, for a limited time; be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame* That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, by his commiftion under the great feal, to inftitute a court of civil jurifdidfion, with full power and authority to hear and determine, in a fummary way, all pleas of debt, account, contracts refpedfing perfonal property, and all trefpaffes committed againft the perfon or goods and chattels in the ifland of Newfoundland, and illands and parts adjacent, or on the banks of the faid illand of Newfound-land\ which court fhall confift of a chief judge, to be appointed by his Majefty, and two affeffors, to be appointed by the governor of the faid ifland, from time to time; which chief judge, together with any one of fuch affeffors, fhall have full power and authority to hear and determine all pleas by this a61 cognizable by the faid court of civil jurifdidtion; and fhall have fuch clerks, and other minifterial officers, as the chief judge fhall think proper to appoint; and that fuch falaries fhall be paid to the chief judge afore-faid, as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, fhall approve and direcft; and fuch falaries be paid to the affeffors, and to the clerks, and minifterial officers aforefaid, as fhall be approved by the faid chief judge, with the confent of the governor of the ifland of New-foundland; which feveral falaries fhall refpedfively be in lieu of all other profits and emoluments whatever; and fuch court fhall be a court of record, and fhall have all fuch powers as by the law of England are incident and belonging to a court of record; any thing in the faid firft-mentioned a<ft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid court fhall proceed by complaint in writing, and by fummons of the defendant, in all cafes where the complaint is for a fum under five pounds; and by arreft of the defendant, and attachment of his goods and debts, or of his effedfs in the hands of any other perfon, where the complaint is for more than the fum of five pounds; and fuch court fhall have power and authority to pafs judgement, and give cofts,

in

Hosted by Google

179T •] Anno regni tricefimo prim6 Georgii III. 0.30,	233

in fuch pleas, and award execution, either by levy and fale of the goods and chattels, of arreflf of the perfon of the plaintiff or defendant, and alfo of the goods* debts, and effects of the defendant fo attached.

III.	Provided always. That in all pleas, where the fum for which judgement fhall be given fhall amount to more than one hundred pounds, it fhall be lawful for the plaintiff or defendant, as the cafe may be, to appeal to his Majefty in council, and upon notice of fuch appeal being fignified to the chief judge of fuch court, within fourteen days after fuch judgement paffed, and fe-curity given, to the fatisfadlion of the laid chief judge, for profe-cuting fuch appeal, the execution of fuch judgement fhall be flayed.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That during the time the governor of the faid illand fhall continue to be refident in the faid illand, or parts adjacent, no difputes which fhall arife concerning the wages of any feaman or filherman fhall be heard and determined in the court of feffion mentioned in the faid firft-mentioned a6t, but only in the court of civil jurifdidtion which fhall be instituted by virtue of this aft.

V.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained fliall extend to prevent the court of feffion aforefaid from hearing and determining fuch difputes as aforefaid, when the governor fhall npt be refident in the faid illand, or parts adjacent.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That no fuit fhall be commenced in the faid court of civil jurifdiftion where the caufe of a£tion fhall have arifen more than two years before fuch commencement, nor fhall be heard and determined in the faid court of civil jurifdiffion, except during the refidence of the governor within the limits of his government; and that this a£t fhall commence from the tenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and fhall have continuance for one year, and unto the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

An appeal to his Majefty in council may be made, where judgement is given for more than iool.

While the governor is refident, difputes concerning feamens wages to be heard only in the court of civil jurifdidion; when he is not refident, they may be heard in the court of feffion. Limitation of adions.

Continuance of ad.

cap. xxx.

An aft for regulating the i?nportation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported> and of the bounty on Britifh corn exported.

WH ERE AS the laws now in force for regulating the import a- Preamble* tion and exportation of corny and the payment of the duty on foreign corn i?nportedy and of the bounty gra?ited on Britifh corn exported', require amendment \ and it is expedient that certain parts of the faid laws Jhould be continued, and new provifons made, and that the fame Jhould be comprifed in one aft of parliament: and whereas it is neceffary,for thefe purpofesy that certain afts, and parts of afts now \n forcey J})ould be repealed: be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent From the parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, commence-

from and after the refpe&ive times when the feveral regulations ment of the

^	c	regulations or

or this ad,

Hosted by *

234 Anno regni tricefimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 30. [1791-

of this aft fhall commence and take efFeft as herein-after direfted, an aft, pafled in the firft year of the reign of his majefty King 1 Jac. %. c. 19. James the Second, intituled, An additional aft for the improvement of tillage \ and alfo an aft, pafled in the firft year of the reign of 1 Gul. etMar. their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An c- Iz*	aft for the encouraging the exportation of corn; and alfo an aft, pafled

in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the 5 Geo.2. c. iz. Second, intituled, An aft for amending and making more effectual an aft, ?nade in the firft year of the reign of Ring James the Second, intituled, cc An additional a61 for the improvement of tillageand alfo an aft, pafled in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-ioGeo.3.c.39. jefty, intituled, An aft for regijlering the prices at which corn is fold in the feveral counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; and alfo an aft, pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign i3Geo.3.c.43. of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn; and alfo an aft, pafled in the twenty-firft axGeo.3.c.5o. year Gf the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for further regulating and afcertainiyig the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within feveral ports and places therein jnentioned\ and alfo an aft, pafled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his pre-and 29 Geo. 3. fent Majefty, intituled. An aft for better regulating and afcertaining re e^aled* ^ the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and alfo for better 1 "	* regulating the exportation of Jlarch, and the importation of rape feed,

as alfo every {ba]l ^ and the fame are hereby repealed; and that all and every anyVothera(5t Provi^lon m anY other aft contained for regulating the importa-for regulating tion from foreign parts, of wheat, rye, barley, peas, beans, oats, the importa- beer or bigg, Indian corn or maife, whether ground or unground, tion	and of malt, bread, or bifcuit, made of any of the faid forts of

wheat1^0 corn, and for the payment of the duty thereon, and alfo all and every provifion in any other aft contained, for regulating the ex-

r^late^the^ Portatlon anY t^le f°rts corn or other articles as afore-making of faid, ant^ f°r Payment of the bounty thereon, except fo far as the malt for ex- fame relate to the making of malt for exportation, or to the exportation, and portation thereof, fhall be, and the fame are hereby repealed. t^C^e°4af II* -And whereas it zvill be for the benefit of the people of this king-L * dom, that the circulation and trade of corn within the realm fhould be So much of free from all improper reftraint3 be it further enafted, That fo much 15 Car. 2. c. 7. of an aft, pafled in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late ma-the^bu^in^of ^ng Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encourage-corn to fe?l ment °f tra^e^ as prohibits the buying of corn to fell again, and the again, and the laying it up in granaries, when the feveral forts of corn are above laying it up in certain prices therein mentioned, fhall be, and the fame is hereby granaries, re- repea]ed; and that it fhall from henceforth be lawful to buy the ^	*	feveral forts of corn to fell again, and to lay it up in granaries,

whatever the price thereof may be.

111.	And, for the encouragement of tillage within the realm, be it From Nov.15, further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after 1791, when-^ fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and BritiftTwheat? ninety-one, whenever the prices of middling Britijh wheat, rye, &e. iliall be barley, bigg, beer, or oats, fhall refpeftively appear, according to under the the methods directed by this aft for afcertaining the prices of corn,

i	to

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo prirno GeoRGII III. c. 30.	235

to be under the prices fpecified in the following table, marked A\ pnces fpeci-there flball be allowed and paid, on wheat, rye, barley, beer, bigg, ^the boun-or oats, ground or unground, being of the growth or product of tl-e’s therein this kingdom, and on malt made of fuch barley, beer,'or bigg, fpecified to be and on bifcuit made of fuch wheat, as fpecified in the faid table, paid on cxpor-on the exportation of every fuch article, in Briti/h-bm\t fhips,tatI0n thereof, owned and navigated according to Jaw, the bounties fubjoined in the faid table to each article refpedtively.



Table

Hosted by Google

Hosted, by

Table A.

to

GO

C\

o

o

oil^

FT

SHEWING the Prices under which certain Bounties are allowed on the Exportation of thefeveral

Sorts of ground or unground Corn.	^

<

T)

o

t

	Wheat.	Rye,	Barley, Beer, or Bigg.	Oats.
	s.	s.	s.	s.
Under per quarter —	44-	28.	22.	*4-
	Bounties	5 in fuch Cafes, payable c	>n the following Articles	exported.
	On wheat 5s. per	On rye 3s. per quar-	On barley, beer, or	On oats 2s.per quar-
	quarter.	ter.	bigg, and on malt made of barley, beer, or bigg, 2S. 6d. per quarter.	ter.
	Wheat-meal is. 3d.	Rye-meal and flour,	Barley-meal, and beer-	Oatmeal i^d. per
	per hundred weight.  Wheat-flour, andhif-cuit made of wheat, is. 6d. per hundred weight. 1	9d. per hundred weight.	meal, andbigg- meal, lod per hundred weight.	hundred weight.

o

•“t

rt»

OQ

D

n

rt>

tp

3

o

t-t

s'

o

O

w

§

o

Go

d

Si

vo

17910 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGil III. c. 30.	237

IV.	Provided always, and be it farther ena&ed, That on the Oath to be entry of bifcuit for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty, the exporter thereof fhall make oath (or, if one of the people called exportation Quakers, affirmation) that the fame is made of Britijh wheat, and is made of is really and truly intended to be exported as merchandife, and Britifh wheat; not for the ufe of the (hip or veffel during her then voyage, or any ahowed" future voyage; fuch oath or affirmation to be taken before the for lefs quan-collector of the cuftoms at the port from whence the export is to tities than take place, who is hereby authorifed to adminifter the fame: and herein'fpeci-that no bounty fhall be paid or allowed for any quantity of bifcuit ^e<^* fhipped on board of any fuch fhip or veffel, that does not exceed one hundred weight for every mariner or paflenger on board fuch fhip or veffel, nor for lefs than two tons weight fhipped on board of any fuch fhip or veffel over and above the fhip ftores allowed for every mariner or paflenger on board the fame, in the proportions herein-before mentioned; and that no bifcuit lhall be allowed in the vi&ualling bill of any fhip or veffel carrying out bifcuit as merchandife, but that, when the debenture for bifcuit exported fhall be brought into the fearcher’s office to be certified, then it fhall be lawful for the fearcher to deduct from the quantity actually fhipped, the quantity ufually allowed in the refpeSive voyages, not exceeding, for each mariner or paflenger, the proportions before mentioned.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the exporter or exporters Bond to be of fuch corn or other articles before mentioned fhall, before the S*ven f°r the exportation thereof, become bound to his Majefty, his heirs and ofcorn* fucceffors, in a bond, together with the mafter or perfon having the charge or command of the fhip or veffel in which fuch corn or other articles are intended to be exported, and alfo with one fufficient furety (to be approved by the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port of exportation) in treble the value thereof, with condition that the faid corn or other articles fo exported fhall be landed at the refpe£live ports or places for which the fame fhall have been entered, or at fome other port or place not within this kingdom, and fhall not be relanded in any part of this kingdom, nor be landed or fold in the IJle of Man, or in the iflands of Guernfey, Jcrfey, Alderney, or Sark; and fuch bond fhall How fuch be difchatged in the manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to £re to, fay), For fuch of the faid corn or other articles as fhall be entered e 1 c for, or landed in the kingdom of Ireland, or any part of Europe, not within the Streights of Gibraltar, the condition of the bond fhall be to bring a certificate in difcharge thereof, within fix months from the date of the bond; and for fuch of the faid articles as fhall be entered for, or landed at Gibraltar, or any foreign parts within the Streights of Gibraltar, within twelve months from the date of the bond; and for fuch of the faid articles as fhall be entered for or landed in any part of Africa, not within the Streights of Gibraltar, and on this fide the Cape of Good Hope, or in any part of America, within eighteen months from the date of the bond; and for fuch of the faid articles as fhall be entered for or landed at Saint Helena, or in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of

Good

Hosted by Google

238 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30, [1791.

Good Hope, within thirty months from thedate of the bond; which faid certificate for fuch corn, or other articles before mentioned, as fhall be landed in any port or place of Ireland, or any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, plantations or fettlements, where any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms fhall be refident, (hall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms there, certifying that fuch corn or other articles were there landed ; and for want of fuch officer refiding there, it fhall then be figned by the governor of fuch iftands, dominions, plantations, or fettlements, or, in.his abfence, by the deputy governor thereof refpedfively ; and in the iftands of Guernfey, Jerfey, and Alderney, it fhall, in all cafes, be figned by the governor or deputy governor thereof, as well as by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms: and for fuch articles^as aforefaid as fhall be landed at any foreign port or place, fuch certificate fhall be figned by the Britijh conful, if there fhall be any fuch conful refiding there, and, if not, then fuch certificate fhall be under the common feal of the chief magiftrate of fuch port or place, or if there be no fuch chief magiftrate, under the hands and feals of two known BritiJJ? merchants then refident at fuch port or place, teftifying that fuch articles were there landed : and fuch bond may alfo be difcharged, upon proof made to the fatisfadtion of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland for the time being refpedtively, that fuch corn, or other articles, were taken by enemies, or pe-rifhed in the feas.

Bounty to be VI. And be it further enacted, That the faid bounty fhall be paid, on oath paid by debenture, on oath having been made by the exporter, or as^trrrir*	^ri0V/n	fervant>	or,	m	ca^e	*be exporter, or his known fer-

reded?in vant> fhall be one of the people called Quakers^ on his affirmation, at the time the faid corn or other articles refpedtively were entered for exportation, that the fame are of the growth or produdl of this kingdom, and on certificate of the fearcher of his Majefty’s cuftoms, that the faid corn, or other articles, have been actually flipped, and on the oath of the owner or mafter of the veftel on board of which fuch corn, or other articles, were entered for exportation, or if one of the people called Shiakersy on his affirmation, that fuch veftel was 2?nV^&-bui!t and owned, and navigated according to law, and on oath alfo of the exporter on the debenture of the faid corn, or other articles, or, if one of the people called Quakers, on his affirmation, that the faid corn, or other articles, had been duly exported; and, in the cafe of malt malted and flipped for exportation, on a certificate being produced from the proper officer ofexcife, that fuch malt had been malted in fuch manner as to entitle it to the bounty, after the rate of thirty quarters of malt for every twenty quarters of barley : which feveral oaths or affirmations before mentioned are hereby required to be made or taken refpedlively before the colledlor or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at the port from whence fuch corn, or other articles, are exported, and the faid officers refpedlively are hereby authorifed and required to adniinifter the faid oaths or affirmations.

VII.	And

Hosted by Google

i.]Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III* c. 30,	239

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the faid FromNov.ij, fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety I79I> when-one, whenever the prices of middling Brkijhvfheat, rye,barley, BridflTwheTt^ beer, bigg, oats, peafe, or beans, Ihall refpeftively appear, ac- Sec. fhallbe cording to the methods directed by this aft for afcertaining the above the ^ prices of corn, to be at or above the prices fpecified in the follow- prices *P^i-ing table, marked B, no perfon or perfons whatever fhall direftly n^ c^a or tndireftly export, transport, carry or convey, or caufe or pro- except ftarch, cure to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of or to be export-from any port or place of this kingdom, or fhall load or lay on ed. board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any fhip or other veffel or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed out of any fuch port or place, any of the forts of corn before mentioned, or any articles made thereof, except ftarch, as fpecified in the faid table.

Vol. XXXVII,	R	Tabl*

Hosted by Google

K>

o

T A B L E B.

SHEWING the Prices at or above which Exportation of the feveral Articles therein mentioned

is prohibited.

o

o

s,

rT

If at of above, per quarter — Thc/i not to export

>

EJ

&

Wheat,	Rye, Peafe, Beans.	Barley, Beer, Bigg.
r.	r.	r.
46	30	n
Wheat, or meal, flour, malt, bread, or bifcuit, made of wheat.	Rye, peafe, or beans, or meal, flour, bread, or bifcuit, made of rye, peafe, or beans.	Barley, beer, or bigg, or meal, flour, malt, bread, or bifcuit, made of barley, beer, or bigg.  .

Oats,

IS

Oats, or meal, malt, bread, or bifcuit, made of oats.

>

D

a

°

OQ

D

O

r*

En

. 3 o

-1

1'

o

w

o

*

o

o



17911] Anno regni tricefimo primo GEorgii IIL c. 30.	241

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That all fuch corn, or other Corn^&e. ex articles, which fhall be fo exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, or fo laden or laid on board in any (hip or other veflel or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed out of this kingdom, contrary t;o this a<ft, fhall be forfeited, and that every offender therein fhall forfeit the fum of twenty fhillings for every bufhel of wheat, rye, peafe, or beans, barley, beer or bigg, oats, or meal, flour, or malt made of any of the aforefaid forts of corn, and twelve-pence for every pound weight of bifcuit bread made thereof, which fhall be fo exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, or fo laden or laid onboard in any fhip or other veflel or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of this kingdom, and alfo the fhip, veflel, or boat wherein any of the faid articles, herein-before fpecified, fhall be exported, or upon which any of the faid articles fhall be laden or laid in order to be exported, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, fhall be forfeited, and the dame re-fpedHvely may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority

aforefaid, That nothing in this a<ft fhall extend, or be conftrued If fatisfa&ory

to extend, to prevent evidence from being received to the fatisfac-

tion of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and nefs of the

Scotland refpedfively, in cafe any fhip or veflel fhall be under quantity, that

feizure by any officer or, officers of the cuftoms for having any any fuch corn,

corn or any of the other articles as aforefaid, on board, contrary ^c* 'vas °n A .	'	.	v* n	'	*	.	c . • board without

to the meaning or this act; or to prevent evidence from being tpe priVity of

received in any fuit or information brought for the forfeiture of the owner or any fhip or veflel for or on account of fuch corn, or other articles mafter> the as aforefaid, being fo on board, in order to fhew, from the fmall-nefs of the quantity of the faid corn, and other articles as aforefaid, and other circumftances of the cafe, that the faid corn, or other articles as aforefaid, were on board fuch veflel without the knowledge and privity either of the owner or of the mafter, or other perfon having the charge or command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of reafonable care in the difcharge of the duty of fuch owner, mafter, or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel, and in every fuch cafe where proof fhall be fo made refpedfively, fuch fhip or veflel fliall not be forfeited for or on account of fuch fmall quantity of corn or other articles as aforefaid.

porcea con* trary to this a& to be forfeited with the veflel, Scc.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacfted. That if any perfon or perfons fhall have entered outwards any corn, or other articles, as aforefaid, and fhall have begun to fhip or lay the fame on board, during the time that the prices of middling Britijh corn, taken in the manner hereinafter directed, fhall be under the rates at or above which the exportation of fuch corn or other articles is prohibited by this a<ft, fuch perfon fhall not be prohibited from exporting fuch corn or other articles actually fhipped or laden on board, or fo much thereof exprefled in fuch entry as fhall be fo Ihipped or laden on board within twenty days from the entry . thereof at the cuftom-houfe for exportation, although the prices

R*	of

Corn, See, begun to be fhipt outwards, or fuch part thereof as fhall be fhipt within 20 days from the entry, may be exported, though the prices fhould in the mean time rife to the rates at which

Hosted by Google

242 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

fuch exporta- Gf corn may have rifen to the rates at or above whidl the expor-tation of fuch corn or other articles are prohibited, nor from receiving the bounty by this aft allowed thereon ih cafes where fuch bounty is payable, although the prices of corn may have rifen to the rates at or above which the payment of the bounty thereon is not allowed by this aft, after fuch perfon or perfons fhall have begun to fhip the fame, and before the exportation thereof, proof in fuch cafe being made by the exporter, upon the debenture, that the corn or other articles were really and bona fide fhipped or laden on board within twenty days from the entry thereof : provided A ft not to ex- alfo, That this aft, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend tend to corn, to prohibit at any time the exportation or carrying out of fuch or fuftenance^f **° muc^	corn	or	other articles as aforefaid, as (hall be

the crew, Sec. neceflary to be carried in any fhi'p or other veftel on its voyage out of any veffel; and home, for the fuftenance, diet, and fupport of the commander, mafter, mariners, paffengers, and others, or for the ufe or fufte^-nance of the cattle, live ftock, or other animals on board of fuch or for visual- fhip or veffel, or for victualling or providing any of his Majefty’s tv’s of*"	war	or ot^er ^Ps or veffels in his Majefty’s fervice, or

war &c!‘° f°r vi&ualling or providing any of his Majefty’s forces, forts, or or to beans ex- garrifons; or to prohibit at any time, the exportation of beans td ported to the the Britijh forts, caftles, or faftories in Africa, or for the ufe of Britifh forts, Britijh fhips trading upon that coaft, which have ufually been &c. in Africa; fUppl[eci with the fam£ from 'Great Britain ;:or to prohibit, at any carried’coaft- t™e5 anY Peff°n or perfons from (hipping or putting on board, wife upon fuf- except as herein-after provided, any corn, or any of the articles ferance; aforefaid, to be carried coaftwife, that is to fay. From any port* creek, member, or part of the kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port, creek, member, or part of the fame refpeftively, having fuch or the like coaft fufferance, and cocquet or other coaft diipatch for that purpofe, and on fuch or the like fufficient fecu-rity being firft given for the landing and difeharging the fame, as ortothequan- now is or may hereafter be by law in fuch cafe required; |or to tities of corn, prohibit the feveral forts of corn and other articles from being ex-&c. permitted p0rtecj to certain places out of and from certain ports in this to certaFnr C kingdom, as described in the following table, marked G\ for the places men- purpofes and in the quantities therein mentioned, fo as the whole tioned in table quantities to be exported within twelve calendar months from c‘	every fifteenth day of November, do not exceed thq feveral quan-

tities therein refpeftively limited.

Table

Hosted by Google

Hosted by

Table C.

SHEW IN G the Quantities of C ORN, and other Articles, that may be exported in One Year, to certain Places, for the Suftenance and Ufe of the Inhabitants thereof, from certain Ports.

To what Place.	From what Port.	Corn, and other Articles.	Quantity. ^	
			Quart5. !	Tons.
Gibraltar — —	London — —	Wheat, wheat-meal or flour, rye, barley, or malt, or peafe, not exceeding in the whole	2,500	_
Guernfey, Jerfey, and Alderney	| Southampton — — j	Wheat, wheat-meal, or flour, rye, barley, or malt, or bread, bifcuit, or peafe, not exceeding in the whole	9,800	l
Ifle of Man — —	r Whitehaven — •~r  j Liverpool —- —1 (.Kirkcudbright — — I	Wheat, wheat-meal or flour, barley, oats, not exceeding Ditto — ditto — — Ditto — ditto — —	1.000  1.000 500	— '
Saint Helena, Bencoolen, and the company’s fettlements in the Eaft Indies. — —	} Great Britain, by the jEafti r India company 1	Wheat, wheat-meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding in the whole	1,500 H	
The Britifh forts, caftles, or fa&ories, in Africa — —	r By the committee of the 1 3 company of merchants > £ trading to Africa 3	Wheat-flour, not exceeding — — Bifcuit, not exceeding — —		33  	15	

VO

>

3

.3

O

Cs)

O

o

eg



n

rt>

cn

3

o

3

o

O

R

O

O

p

CO

O

to

CO

4-

To what Place.

His Majefty’s fugar colonies in the Weft Indies, in which the Bahama and Bermuda, or So-mer iflands, are included

a

o

eg

ft

The Bay of Honduras, or coaft of Yucatan, for the fuftenance and ufe of the Britifti fettlers there	  —

Hudfon’s Bay, for the benefit of the Hudfon’s Bay company, and their fervants reiiding there ------------------- —

“ From Rich ports, and in fuch ' proportions to each ifland refpedtively, and in fuch proportions in each and every three months, as fhall be dire<fted by the lords of )> his Majefty’s privy council, appointed for the con-fideration of all matters relating to trade and foreign plantations —,

From fuch ports as fhall be" directed by the lords of his Majefty’s privy council, appointed for the con- )> fideration of all matters * relating to trade and foreign plantations —j

London

-i

Corn, and other Articles.

Barley

Beans

Oats -------

Oat-meal

Peafe ------

Rye	—

Wheat Wheat-flour Bifcuit	—

Grotts

Flour, not exceeding

Bifcuit --------

Peafe	----

Oatmeal .---------

Barley	—

Wheat-meal or flour, not exceeding Oats, oat-meal, grotts, barley, peafe, beans, malt, and bifcuit, not ex-

ceeding

Quantity.

Quarts.

5.000 20,000 25,000

4.000 500

1.000

IIS

260

Tons.	§

__________ o

»-*

__	n>

OQ.

—	3

600 o ct>

•—	tr*

—	3

o

3,220

950

25

250

50

20

20

40.

3

o

Q

w : o & o

o

VO

Table C. continued.

o

o

4

FT

To what Place. ;	From what Port.	Corn, and other Articles.	Quantity.	
	c	*eafe — —	Quart3.  500	Tons.
	f London — ”V	iifcuit — —		500
	I  r  Briftol —• — *s	"lour — — Peafe — — Bifcuit «—- —	is 1  0	64  500
1 ■	(  Poole — — s	Hour — — ’eafe — — bifcuit ~ —	i,3°o	48  1,400
Newfoundland ~ —	I  ^ Dartmouth — — <	! Hour — — 5eafe — — Jifcuit — —	850	400  8<o
	t	"lour — —	—	0 00  , Tf I O -4 CS 1
	Topfham and Tingmouth, in^	Peafe — — Bifcuit .-■» «—	1,200	
	the whole from both places J	Flour — —	,	
	Liverpool — — <	Peafe — —— Bifcuit — —	280	300
		Flour — —	—	48
	1 r  Weymouth — —«!	Peafe * — — Bifcuit — —	240	120
	Plymouth — — *  <	Flour —• — Peafe — Bifcuit — —	200	3*  200
		[Hour ~ —	—*	40

M

VO

>

P

D

O

*-'t

n>

DQ

r>

n>

tn

3

o

*-* ♦

3

o

a

w ■ o

Vi

O

oo

O

Table C.

To what Place.

From what Port.

Newfoundland **•»	_

o

o

eg

FT

Chefler

- -1

Port Glafgow and Greenock, r in the whole from both^ places	It

Barnftable —

Southampton	—•

L Cowes	—

-f

-{

Corn, and other Articles.

Quantity.

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe, or Flour Bifcuit

Peafe, or Flour Bifcuit

Quart8.

240

100

150

3°°

3 00

Tons.

200

48

150

150

j>4

150

120

to

4-

OY

3

n

Q

ro

c®

D

rv

§1

3

o

►CJ

•

3

o

O

M

O’

>3

O

O

•VO

Hosted by

To what Place.

Nova Scotia

o

0§

ft

From what Port.*

'London —

Briftol	—

Poole

Dartmouth	—

Topfham and Tingmouth, in\ the whole from both places y

Plymouth

-1

Corn, and other Articles.

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Quantity.

		Quarts.	Tons.
—	_		600	—
—	—	—	400
	~~	—	48
—	. *		400	—
—	—	—	35°
		*—•	32
-—	—	200	—
—	—	•—	200
	—	—•	32
—	—	3°°	—
	—	, —	300
	—	—*	48
—	—	400	—
.. T—	—	—	400
—	—	—	48
—	—	300	
—	—	—	30O
—		•—	40

vo

>

SJ

o

o

r>

&

-B

o

-•t

¥

o

O

w

o

O





Hosted by

(O

os

Table C. continued•

To what Place.

"Bay Chaleur

o

o

ft

From what Port.

-{

-{

f London Briflol Poole

Dartmouth

Topfham and Tingmouth, the whole from both places

Plymouth

Vinj

aces 1

-I

Corn, and other Articles.

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Soo

400

200

300

400

300

400

80

300

32

200

48

400

i8

300

30

>

a

a

o

Quantity.	^

- - < _ _ m Quarts. Tons. 3,

n n> tTi

3

o

*-r

3

o

O

w o *

300 O 48 S

oo

O

VO

k

VI . VO

To what Place.

From what Port.

Labrador

o

o

eg.

FT

Portugal, or elfewhere

L

London —	-
Briftol -	- -1
Poole —	- -1
Dartmouth	-
Topfham and Tingmouth, r in the whole from both places — — — c	
Plymouth —	- -1

Corn, and other Articles

Quantity.

Beer or bigg, the growth iflands of Orkney —

From Kirkwall, under fuclT limitations and reftri&ions as fhall be made by the lords of his Majefty’s privy council, appointed for the con-fideration of all matters relating to trade and foreign plantations —	—^

In the foregoing table, fifty-fix pounds avoirdupoife of wheat-meal, and forty-five pounds avoirdupoife of wheat-flour is to be y deemed equal to every bufhel of unground wheat; and twenty-two pounds avoirdupoife of oat-meal, fhall be deemed equal to every bufhel of unground oats.

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

Peafe

Bifcuit

Flour

350

Bond to be £iven for the cue exportation of corn, &c. to the places mentioned in table C. or for his Majefty’s forces, &c.

Anno regnj tricefimo primo GeoRGH III. c. 30. [1791.

XI. And be it further ena&ed, That fuch exporter of the fever ral forts of corn or other articles aforefaid, either to any of th$ places mentioned in the faid table C, or for his Majefty’s forces, forts, or garrifons, or for the ufe of Britijh (hips trading on the coaft of Africa, or beans for the Britijh forts, caftles, or factories in Africa, (hall, before the fhipping thereof, declare the ifland or place for which the faid corn or other articles are refpedtively intended to be exported, and he, together with the mafter or perfon having the charge pr command of the fhip or veffel in which fuch corn or other articles are intended to he exported, (hall become bound to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, in a bond, with one other fufEcient furety (to be approved by the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port of exportation) in treble the value thereof, with condition that the faid corn or other articles fo exported .fhall.be landed at the refpeCtjve iflands or places for which the fame fhall be fo declared and entered for the feveral

purpofes aforefaid, and fhall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever, the danger of the feas and enemies excepted; How fuch and fuch bond fhall be difcharged upon producing fuch certificate bonds fhall be as is herein-before required, with refpeCt to corn and other articles c arge • exported on bounty, within the times there fpecified, as the cafe may happen to be, or on proof made, to the fatisfaCtion of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England or Scotland, for the time being, refpe&ively, that fuch articles were taken by enemies, or perifhed in the feas: provided always. That in cafe fuch corn or other articles fhall be exported for the ufe of his Majefty’s forces, forts, or garrifons, there fhall alfo be a certificate of the com-mifiary of provifions, or any perfon who fhall receive the fame into his charge or cuftody for the ufe of his Majefty’s forces, teftifying the quantity fo received by him.

Inhabitants of XII. And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be law-Guerafey,&c. ful for any perfon inhabiting the faid iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or may tranfport Alderney, to fhip and lade at any of the faid illands, and to transport thence^to°m direCtly fr°m thence to Newfoundland^ or to any other of the -Sri-Newfound- tlft> colonies or plantations in America, where the fifhery is now land, See, for or fhall hereafter be carried on, on board any fhip or veffel which the ufe of the m?Ly lawfully trade there, the whole or fo much of the wheat, wheat?	rye> Parley, and meal, flour, malt, bifcuit, or peafe, fo allowed

allowed to be to be imported into the faid illands, as fhall be fit and neceflary imported into for the fifhery in thofe parts, or for the ufe and fupport of the thofe iflands, mariners or other perfons employed on board the velfels, or on Gecf t ^28 &ore *n carrying on the faid fifhery, in the fame manner, and ■	’	under the fame limitations and reftriCtions, to all intents, cori-

ftruCtions, and purpofes, as are prefcribed in and by an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to permit the inhabitants of Jerfey and Guernfey to export direftly from thence to Newfoundland, or the Britifh colonies in America, goods necejfary for the fifhery, under certain reftriftions, and to import from thence non~enumerated goods (except rum\'and to land the fame in the faidi/lands, as if the fame were particularly repeated and reenacted

Hosted by Google

179Anno regnitricefimo primo Georgii III. 0,30.	251

ena&ed in the body of this prefent a£; any law or ftatute to the. contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it farther ena£ted, That nothing Corn, See. may herein contained {hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to pro- be exported to -htbit any fort of corn, or any of the other articles as aforefaid, j^^^embar from being exported from Great Britain to the kingdom of Ire- Jn the ex** land, during fuch time and fo long as any general prohibition of portation

or embargo on the exportation of fuch corn, pr other articles as thereof from aforefaid, {hall be in force in that kingdom, the fame having been that kingdom, notified in the London Gazette \ but that it {hall and may be law- regulations.^ fill, during the time that fuch prohibition or embargo “mall be in force in that kingdom, to export fuch corn, or other articles as aforefaid, from Great Britain to Ireland,\ fo as the exporter of any fuch corn, or other articles as aforefaid, from Great Britain, do, before the {flipping thereof, declare Upon oath, or affirmation, being one of the people called ghtakerS) before the collector or other -	'	•

chief officer of the cuftoms at the port from whence the exportation is about to take place (which oath or affirmation the laid colle&or or other chief officer is hereby ifnpowered to 'adminifter), that all fuch corn, or other articles as aforefaid, is intended to be exported to Ireland, fpecifying therein the port to which the fame is intended to be exported, and alfo that he, together with the mafter or perfon having the charge or command of the £hip or veflei in which fuch corn or other articles are intended to be exported, do become bound in a bond with one other fufficient fure-ty, in treble the value of fuch corn, or other articles as aforefaid, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, with condition that he will carry the fame to fuch port or place in the kingdom of Ireland ; and fuch bond {flail be difeharged upon producing a certificate of the colle&or or other chief officer of the cuftoms of the port in Ireland for which the fame was entered to be exported, in the manner herein-before directed, with refpedf to corn and other articles exported on bounty.

XIV.	And whereas it may he highly expedient, for the relief of his Majeffs fubjetts in bis colonies and plantations, and other parts out of the realm, in cafes of war, hurricane, dearth or fudden dijlrefs, to impower his Majejly, with the advice of his privy council, to allow, in fuch cafes, the exportation of an additional limited quantity of corn, and of the other articles before mentioned; be it further ena£fed

hy the authority aforefaid. That it {hall be lawful for his Majefty, Incafes ofwar, by and with the advice of his privy council, during fuch time as &c;his Majef-parliament {hall not be fitting, to allow, in addition to the quan- ^h^n^he^ar-tities fpecified in table (7, the exportation of any of the forts of liament is not corn, or of the other articles herein-before mentioned, in any fitting, may quantities not exceeding five thoufand quarters of each of the fe- allow the veral forts of unground corn, and two thoufand tons of each of corn^c here-the feveral forts of ground corn or bifeuit, in any one year, on in mentioned, the exporters, together with the matters or perfons having the to be export-charge or command of the ftiips or veftels in which fuch corn or ed, in addition other articles are intended to be exported, giving bond, with one tksfp^cified^u other fufficient furety, in manner herein-before laft directed, with table C.

o	'	refpedl

Hosted by Google

252	Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. gor. [1791*

refpe£t to corn and other articles allowed to be exported in the quantities and proportions mentioned in the table marked C; and fuch bond fhall be difcharged by certificate in the manner herein-laft dire&cd.

From Nov.^15, XV. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the fa id tieson wheat” fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-Scc. imported! one, upon the importation into Great Britain from foreign parts, to be regulated of wheat, wheat-meal or flour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, according to oat-meal, peafe, beans, Indian corn and maize, the duties to be cified^rf table Pa*^ thereon refpe&ively fhall be regulated and afcertained ac-£>.'	cording to the prices of wheat, rye, barley, beer or bigg, peafe,

__ 1	beans, oats, and oat-meal, in the manner fet forth and fpecified

and no com .	.	’. „ 5 .	.	,	’	.	^	^

ground, ex- ln the following table, marked D \ and that no corn ground, except wheat- cept wheat-meal, wheat-flour, and oat-meal, nor any malt, fhall meal, &c. be imported into Great Britain from parts beyond the feas, under to be import-’ Pena^y the forfeiture thereof, together with the fhip or veffel. ed, on penalty in which the fame fhall be imported, with her guns, furniture* of forfeiture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms.

Tab 14

Hosted by Google

o

o

o2

?r

Table D.

SHEWING the Prices according to which High or Low Duties are to be paid on Importation.

vo

If under, per quarter — High duty —	—

If at or above, per quarter But under, per quarter Firft low duty

If at or above, per quarter Second low duty

c.

>

P

&

Importation of wheat-meal and flour to be governed by the price of wheat as follows:

s. d,

High duty per cwt. 6 6 Firft low duty — i 6 Second low duty i o

Malt made of wheat prohibited.

Wheat.		|Rye,Peafe,Beans.				Barley, Beer	or Bigg.		Oats.		
	s.	d.		j.	d.		J.	d.		j.	d.
—	50	—	’	34	—	■ ri	*5			17	—
			24	3	—	az	—				aa	—				6	7
—	50	—	—	34	—	—	^5	— '	•		17	—
			54	—	—	37	—	—	Z7	—				18	—
—	a	6	—	1	6				1	3	'		1	—
—-	54	—	—	37	—	—	27	—	—	18	—
—	—	6	'		—	3	—	—	3	- ——	—	%

Rye ground, malt made of rye, peafe ground and beans ground, prohibited.

Importation of Indian corn or maize to be governed by the price of barley as follows:

s. d.

High duty per I quarter	i

Firft low duty — 13 Second low duty o 3 Barley, Indian corn or maize, beer or bigg, ground, and malt made of barley, Indian corn, or maize, beer or bigg, prohibited.

Malt made of oats prohibited.

Oat-meal.

If under, per^) boll of 1401b. / avoirdupoife, f or 1281b.	1

Scotch troy High duty, 7 per boll	I

If at or above, 7 per boll J But under, per 7 boll	i

Firft low duty_ If at or above, per boll 5 Second low ^ duty	$

16

8

16

17

1

*7

* §

O

3

— OQ P

O

ct>

—	P*

3

—	o

T3

•n

^ 3 __ o

Q

«§

O

o

K>

?-54 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

When wheat, XVI. And be it further enafted, That whenever an aft (hall fbk^ntoTre" ^ave Pa^ec* *n ^e parliament of Ireland permitting the importa-land at the t^on5 fr°m Great Britain into Ireland, of wheat, wheat-meal or prices, and flour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, oat-meal, peafe, beans, and not above the Indian corn or maize, refpeftively, at prices equal to the prices bi^E8 the^u ment^onec^ *n f°fl°wing table marked Ey taken quarterly, ac-ties on the im- cor(flng to tbe prices of wheat, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer or portationfrom bigg, and oats unground, and of oat-meal, at the time that the Ireland, Que- lame fhallbe imported into that kingdom, and fubjeft to no high-See. of er duties refpeftively than thofe fpecified in the faid table marked be regulated °	duties	to	be	paid upon the importation into Great Britain

according to from Ireland^ and the province of £htebecy and the other Britijb the prices in colonies or plantations in North America, and alfo from other table E. ' foreign countries, of wheat, wheat-meal, of flour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, oat-meal, peafe, beans, and Indian corn or maize, (hall, after the expiration of three calendar months, from the notification, by order of his Majefty in council, to be pub-lilhed in the London Gazette, of fuch aft having patted in the .parliament of Ireland, and during the continuance of fuch aft, or of any other aft there pafied to the fame purport and effeft, be refpeftively regulated and afeertained, according to the prices of wheat, rye, barley, beer or bigg, peafe, beans, oats, and oat-meal, in the manner fet forth and fpecified in the faid table marked Ey inftead of the preceding table marked D.

TabwS

Hosted by Google

I791-]

2 55

Anno regni tricefimo primo GfcORGH III. c. 30.

Table E.

SHE W I N G the Prices according to which High or Low Duties are to take Place on Importation.

	Wheat.	Rye, Peafe, Beans.
When imported from Ire-land, or the province oi Quebec, or the other Bri-tifh colonies and plantations in North America:	s. d.	s. d.
If under, per quarter High duty, per quarter	48-24 3	32 “  22 —
If at or above, per quarter But under, per quarter Firft low duty 		48 -52 —  2 6	32 “  35 7  i 6
If at or above, per quarter Second low duty 			52 — — 6	35 “ — 3
When imported from any other foreign country:		
If under, per quarter 	  High duty, per quarter—	50 — 24 3	34 ~ 22 —
If at or above, per quarter But under, per quarter Firft low duty —	SO —  54 “  2 6	34 — 37 “ 1 6
If at or above, per quarter Second low duty ■■ —	54 — — 6	37*“ — 3
	Importation of wheat, meal, and flour, to be governed by the price of wheat, as follows.	
	When imported from Ireland, or the province of Quebec, or the other Britifh colonies or plantations in North America:	
	High duty, per 1 s d'  cwt. 	 ]  Firft low duty i 6 Second low duty o 2	
	When imported from any other foreign country:	
Hosted by GO	High duty, per  cwt. 	 5  Firft law duty i 6 Second low duty i o	
eg  FT	Malt made of wheat, prohibited.	Rye ground,malt made of rye, peafe ground, and beans ground, prohibited.

Barley, Beer or  Bigg-	Oats.	
		When imported from Ireland, or the province of Quebec, or the other Britifh colonies or planta-
s. d.	s. d.	tions in North America :
24 —	16 —	If under, per boll of 1401b. 1
22 —	6 7	avoirdupoife, or 1281b. > Scotch troy 	 J
24 —	16 —	For every fuch boll,high dut)
26 —	17 —	
1 3	1 —	If at or above, per boll	
		But under, per boll 	  Firft low duty 	
26 —	17 —	
— 3	— 2	If at or above, per boll	  Second low duty 		
25 —	17 —	When imported from am
22 —	6 7	other foreign country:
25 —	17 —	If under, per boll 	
27 —	18 —	High duty, per boll	
1 3	1 ~	If at or above, per boll -—
27 —	18 —	But under, per boll 	
/  “ 3	— 2	Firft low duty 	
Importation of Indian		If at or above, per boll	
corn or maize to be governed by the price of barley, as follows.  When imported from Ireland, or the province of Quebec, or the other Britifh colonies or plantations in North America :		Second low duty 		
High duty, per 7 *’ d’ quarter — J2Z 0 Firft low duty 1 3 Second low duty 0 3  When imported from any other foreign country :		
s, d.  High duty, per \ quarter — J Firft low duty i 3 Second low duty 0 3		
Barley, Indian corn or	Malt	
maize, beer or bigg	made of	•
ground, and malt	oats pro-	
made ofbarley, Indian ]	hibited.	
corn or maize, beer ox bigg, prohibited.		

Oatmeal.

s. d.

15 — 8 —

15	—

16	—■

16 — — 2

16 —* 8 —

16	—

17	—

17 — — 6

N. B. This Table to face page 154.

Hosted by Google

1791 1 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. go* 257

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That upon the importation On the im-into Great Britain of any corn, meal, or flour, as of the growth ^orn^sthe^ or production of Ireland, or the province of hiebec, or the other growth of Britifl1 colonies or plantations in North America, the mafter or Ireland, &c. other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the vef- the mafter to fel in or on board of which the fame fhall be imported or brought, fl^t|tYomthe (hall bring with him a certificate or certificates from the chief 0^cer 0fthe officer or officers of the cuftoms in the port where fuch corn, port of fhip-meal, or flour fhall be put on board, exprefling the quantity and ping? exprdT-fort of corn, meal, or flour put on board, and mentioned in the

bill or bills of lading, with the name or names, place or places of abode of the exporter or exporters, and the name or names, place or places of abode of fuch other perfon or perfons who fhall have fworn that the corn, meal, or flour therein mentioned, is bona fide of the growth or production of Ireland, or the province of Shie-bee, or the other Britijh colonies or plantations in North America refpeciively, and where and to whom configned; and the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the velTel importing or bringing in the fame, fhall, on arrival in Great Britain, make oath before the colleCfor or comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the port in Great Britain where fuch veflel fhall arrive, who are hereby author!fed to ad-minifter the faid oath, that the corn, meal, or flour, imported or brought in fuch veflel, is the fame which is mentioned and contained in the faid certificate or certificates ; on failure whereof, fuch corn, meal, or flour, fhall be deemed and taken not to be of the growth or produdion of Ireland, or the province of Quebec, or the other Britijh colonies or plantations in North America, but fhall be confidered, to all intents and purpofes, within the meaning of this a Cl, as corn, meal, or flour, imported or brought into Great Britain from fome other foreign country.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That the feveral duties fo Duties in

fpecified in the tables marked D and E, fhall (as the cafe may be)	anc^.

be refpeCtively raifed, levied, collecled, anfwered, paid, recover- C(J ^s^he ed, and that the fame fhall be applied, except as herein-after di- duties of cui-rected, in fuch and the like manner, and by fuch and the like toms on im-ways, means, and methods, and to fuch and the like purpofes, as any portation are of the duties of cuftoms upon goods, wares, or merchandife im-	be

ported into Great Britain from foreign parts are now by law under the ma-raiied, levied, colle&ed, anfwered, paid, recovered, and applied; nagementof and that fuch of the faid duties as fhall arife in that part of Great commif-Britain called England, fhall be under the management of the tomsTn^ng- * cotnmiftioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being, and land and Scot-fuch thereof as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scot- land refpec» land) fhall be under the management of the commiffioners of the tively. cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

XIX.	And, in order to promote and extend the commerce of the mercha?its of this kingdom in foreign corn, and to provide /lores, which may be always ready for ahe relief of his Majejly s fubjedls in times of

dearth, be it further enaCted, That from and after the fifteenth Fr°mNov..i$, day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, in Vet. XXXVII.	S	cafe	be	lauded

Hosted by Google

2.58 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

without pay- Cale any wheat, wheal-meal or flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, arnTware-^^* ^eer or bigg* oats or oat-meal, Indian corn or maize, (hall be im-houfed under ported into any town or port having a collector and comptroller ceitain regu- of the cuftoms, or into any other port that fhall be approved by lations.	his	Majefty,	with the advice of his privy council, the fame, upon

due entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on board the fhip or veflel in which the fame fhall be fo imported, in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, without payment of any duty whatever; provided that an exa£t account be taken of the quantity thereof, and entered in a book to be kept by the proper officer of the cuftoms of the faid ports, and that the fame fhall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and fecured, under the joint locks of the King and the importer or proprietor thereof, in fuch warehoufes as fhall be fit for that purpofe, to be provided at the foie expence of the importer or proprietor thereof, with the approbation and under the care and infpe&ion of the commilfioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ive-Jy, or the colleger and comptroller of the port, where fuch corn, meal, or flour, fhall be imported; and fuch corn, meal, or flour, refpedtively, fhall be under the care of the faid commiflioners of the cuftoms, or the colledfor and comptroller of the cuftoms, for the port where the fame fhall be fo imported, with liberty for the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their fervants, to fereen, turn, and take fuch other care of the fame as neceflity fhall require, in the prefence of fome officer or officers of the cuftoms, to be appointed and paid for that purpofe by fuch commiflioners of the cuftoms, or the collector and comptroller of the port; and fuch corn, meal, or flour refpedtively fhall not be delivered or taken out of any fuch warehoufe but upon the following conditions; Conditions (that is to fay), If the fame, or any part thereof, {hall be delivered fud^imooned	orc^er to or con burned in this kingdom, and not firft	to

wheat &c. be carriec^ coaftwife to fome other port of this kingdom, where may betaken foreign corn of the fame fort maybe imported on the low duties, out of ware- the perfon or perfons fo taking out the fame fhall firft pay down, houfts.	in ready money, fuch duties as fhall at the time of taking out the

fame be due or payable for the like fort of corn, meal, or flour, imported into the fame port from any foreign country whatever; and alfo, in addition to fuch duties, the feveral and refpedlive duties fpecifted in table/), under the name of the firft low duties; and fuch corn, meal, or flour, refpedfively, fhall be mealured out from the warehoufes, and fhall in all other refpedls be liable to the fame reftridtions and regulations as the fame refpedlively would have been liable to if the fame had not been war.ehoufed in purfuance of this adt; and if any of the faid corn, meal, or flour, fo warehoufed as aforefaid, fhall be delivered or taken out for exportation to foreign parts, or to be carried coaftwife to any other ports of this kingdom where foreign corn of the fame fort may be imported on the low duties, the owner or exporter thereof, together with the mafter or perfon having the charge or command of the fhip or veffel in which fuch corn, meal, or flour, are intended to be exported, and alfo with one other fufficient furety,

to

Hosted by Google

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30*	259

to be approved of by the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port of exportation, {hall enter into bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in treble the value thereof, with condition that no part of the fame fhall, if entered for exportation, be relanded in Great Britain, or, if entered to be carried coaftwife to any other port of this kingdom where foreign corn of the fame fort may be imported on the low duties, be landed at any other than fuch port, or at the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man, or the iflands of Faro or Ferro; which bond (hall be difcharged by fuch certificate as is herein-before required with refpe£l to corn and other articles exported on bounty within the times there fpecified, as the cafe may happen to be 5 and fuch bonds may alfo be difcharged, on proof made, to the fatisfa£lion of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland for the time being, refpedtiveiy, that fuch corn or other articles were taken by enemies, or periihed in the fea.

XX.	And be it further enadted. That foreign corn,, meal, or Foreign corn flour of any fort, which fhall be imported, and which fhall not

have been warehoufed, as aforefaid, or which fhall have been houfed or warehoufed, and afterwards delivered out to be ufed or confirmed delivered from in this kingdom, or malt, meal, or flour made of fuch foreign warehoufes corn, {hall not afterwards be exported from any port at fuch time as Britijb corn of the fame fort, or any of the articles aforefaid, to be exported are not allowed to be exported from the fame port.	from any port

when Rritifh corn is not permitted to be exported therefrom.

XXI.	And be it further enadted, That any fort of corn,,meal, ^°be°cTrrkd*

or flour, either foreign or Britijb, or any malt made of fuch corn, coaftwife, fhall not be permitted to be carried coaftwife, or other wife con- from any port veyed, from any port in Great Britain, where the exportation where the e^c-thereof according to the regulations of this ad!, is not allowed at not allowed at the time that the laid corn, malt, meal, or flour, was adlually the time of {hipped, and be landed or unfhipped at any other port of Great flipping, and Britain from whence the fame, according to the regulations of *anded at any this ad!, may then be exported.	whence the

fame may be exported.

XXII.	And be it further enadled, That no debenture fhall be No debenture

made out or granted for the allowance of any bounty on any tobe made out corn, malt, meal, flour, or bifcuit, entered or (hipped for expor- out^or‘bounty tation from any port, during the time that foreign corn, meal, &1c,a^ipt°ln> flour, or bifcuit, of the fame fort, (hall be allowed to be import- where it may ed into fitch port at the low duties.	be imported at

XXIII.	And be it further enadled. That if foreign com of any the low duties, fort which fhail have been imported, and (hall not have been warehoufed as aforefaid, or malt, bifcuit, meal, or flour made of boufed or fuch foreign corn, {hall afterwards be exported to foreign parts, meal, See.

or loaded or laid on board any fhip, vefle), or boat in order to be made there-fo exported contrary to the intentions of this aft, the fame fhall trom, ii ex-be forfeited, and alfo the (hip, veil'd, or boat on board of which j^-ary to this the fame {hall be fo loaded or laid on board, together with her a<ft, to be for-guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and the fame feited with the fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms;	Scc.

S 2	and

Hosted by

Google

Shipping* and landed at any port from whence the lame may be exported, to be forfeited.

Bond to be given that

260 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1^91.

Com, carried and if any fort of corn, either Britifh or foreign, or malt, bif-rt cu*^ mea^ or &our ma^e thereof, fhall be carried coaftwife, or where the^ex- °therwife conveyed from any port in Great Britain, where the portation is exportation of fuch Britijb corn, malt, bifcuit, meal or flour, ac-not allowed at cording to the regulations of this aft, is not allowed, at the time the time of that the ftdd corrj5 male, bifcuit, meal, or flour, was aftually (hipped, and be landed at any other port of Great Britain, from whence the fame, according to the regulations of this aft, may then be exported, fuch corn, malt, bifcuit, meal, or flour, (hall be forfeited; and whenever any corn, malt, bifcuit, meal, or flour, (hall be (hipped, in order to be carried coaftwife within Great Britain, at any port from whence the exportation of the like fpecies of corn, malt, bifcuit, meal, or flour, (hall not at that corn /&(T.fhipt time, according to the regulations of this aft, be allowed, over to be carried and befides the conditions in the coaft bond now by law required coaftwife, at in fuch cafe, the bond (hall be with farther condition, that the faid wSence^x^™ corrb	bifcuit, meal, or flour (hall not be landed at any port

portation is *n Great Britain from whence the fame fort of corn, malt, bifcuit, not allowed, meal, or flour may then be exported, ed, fhall not be landed at any port where it is.

If corn, See. XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That brought coaft- nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to ex-wheiTthe ex^ tenc^ to Prevent any Britijb or foreign corn, meal, or flour, or portation any malt made 0f fuch corn, brought coaftwife, from being thereof was landed, or unftnpped for landing, in any*port of Great Britain, prohibited at where, at the time of fuch vefl'el’s arriving, the exportation of fuch the port of corr,5 malt, meal, or flour, according to the regulations of this aft, (hall be allowed, if it (hall appear by the coaft cocquet that the exportation of fuch fort of corn, malt, meal, or flour, was prohibited at fuch port at the time that the faid corn, malt, meal, or flour, was aftually (hipped on board fuch veffel, though the price thereof may have fallen at fuch port, fo that the exportation of fuch fort of corn, malt, meal, or flour, from that port may then be allowed.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That if any (hip or veflel (hall arrive from foreign parts at any port in Great Britain, with any corn, meal, or flour as aforefaid, at a time when, according

t he high duties to the regulations of this aft, the high duties (hall be due and pay-are payable, able for fuch corn, meal, or flour, or the fame (hall not by law be ' portation is^ flowed to be imported, the faid (hip or veflel fhall and may law-prohibited," fully depart from fuch port without moleftation or hindrance, may depart to with fuch corn, meal, or flour, and may carry the fame to any ports where other port of Great Britain at which the fame may- be imported on b^imorted^ t^}e ^ow duties, anc* hhere enter, land, and deliver the fame, fubjeft on the low t0 the before-mentioned directions, regulations, and conditions of this aft.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That foreign corn, meal, and flour, laden in any part beyond the Teas, may, at any time from and after the faid fifteenth day of November one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-one, be brought direftly

lading, it may be landed at any port where the exportation is allowed.

Veflels with foreign corn, &c. arriving at ports where

duties.

From Nov. 15, 1791, foreign corn, may be brought directly to the

from thence to Grangemouth, in the county of Stirling, within the

precinft

Hosted by Google

1791 •] Ann0 regni tricefimo primo GeorGII III. c, 30.	16r

precindtof the port of Borrovjflonefs, or to Greenock, in the county places herein-

of Renfrew, in the river	or	to any other port or creek in

the faid river Clyde, above Greenock, within the precindt of the port though the

of Port Glafgow, in order to be conveyed from thence refpedtive- Forth and

ly, in lighters, by or through the canal called The Forth and Clyde Clyde canal.

Canal Navigation, to any port or creek at which foreign corn,

meal, or flour may then be imported according to the regulations of

this a£t; fuch conveyance to be made under the reftridtions and

according to the regulations herein provided.

XXVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if any Foreign corn, fliip or veflel, from parts beyond the feas, (hall arrive at Grange- &c. arriving at mouthy in the county of Stirlings within the precindt of the port of ^an Borrowjlonefs, laden with foreign corn, meal, or flour, herein-be- through fore allowed to be imported, deftined for the weft coaft of Scotland, the Forth and and that the importer, proprietor, or confignee thereof, or his Clyde canal to agent, fhall be defirous to convey fuch corn, meal, or flour, in fhJweft"end lighters, by or through the before-mentioned canal, to any port or thereof or on creek at the weft end of the faid canal, or on the weft coaft of the weft coaft Scotland, at which fuch corn, 'meal, or flour, may then be import- of Scotland, ed on payment of the duties called The Low Duties, according to the regulations of this a cl*; it fhall be lawful to unfhip fuch corn, j ported on meal, or flour, into a lighter or lighters, and therein to convey the low duties,, the fame, by or through the faid canal, to fuch port or creek as under the re-aforefaid, fubje£t to the conditions, regulations, and reftridtions, herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay). The mafter of every fuch	^eC1

fliip or veflel (hall make a juft and true entry, upon oath, before the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms of the port where his fliip or veflel (hall have fo arrived, of his (hip, voyage, lading, and other particulars, in like manner as fuch mafter is by law required to do on the arrival of his fliip or veflel at the port of her difeharge, and fhall, in fuch entry or report, fet forth, that the corn, meal, or flour on board the faid veflel, or part thereof,

(fpecifying what part), is intended to be unfhipped into a lighter or lighters, for the purpofe of being conveyed by or through the faid canal, to the port or creek to be mentioned in the faid report,

(being a port or creek at which, at the time of making fuch report, fuch corn, meal, or flour, may be imported on payment of the low duties), and the faid mafter of the faid {hip or veflel fhall alfo, at the time of making fuch entry or report, deliver to the faid collector and comptroller the manifeft of his cargo; and the importer, proprietor, or confignee, of fuch corn, meal, or flour, or his agent, fhall then make entry with the faid collector and comptroller of the quantity of each fort of corn, meal, or flour, contained in the faid report, whicn he intends to unfhip out of the faid fhip or veflel, into a lighter or lighters, in order to be therein conveyed, by or through the faid canal, to fuch port or creek as aforefaid, mentioning what port or creek; and thereupon the faid collector and comptroller fhall grant a warrant, under their hands, for unfhipping the quantity of each fort of corn, meal, or flour, fo entered, into a lighter or lighters, in the prefence of the proper	.

officer or officers of the cuftoms;,and fuch officer or officers

S 3	fhall

^	Hosted	by Google

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791

{hall take an exa<tt account of the quantity of each fort of corn, meal, or flour, by him or them allowed to be unfhipped, by virtue of fuch warrant, into each refpeftive lighter, and (hall certify the fame to the faid collector and comptroller; and before any fuch lighter, laden with any fuch corn, meal, or flour, (hall be removed from the place where the fame was fo laden, the importer, proprietor, of confignee thereof, or his agent, fhall give good iecurity, by bond, to his Majetty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, (which bond the faid collector and comptroller are hereby authorised and required to take)," in a fum equal to double the higheft duties payable on the quantity of corn, meal, or flour, and to forty (hillings for every boll of the quantity of oatmeal, laden therein, with condition that the fame, and every part thereof, fhall be conveyed in fuch lighter to, and landed at, the port or creek for which the fame was reported and entered as aforefaid, and that the fame, or any part thereof, fhall not be landed at any other place 3 and with further condition, to bring, within two months from the date of the bond, to the faid officers by whom the fame was taken, a certificate from the collector and comptroller of the port or creek for which the faid corn, meal, or flour, was reported and entered, certifying that the fame was there difcharged and laid on land, and that the duties payable for the fame were duly paid, (fuch bond to be taken without any fee, reward, or fum of money being demanded or received by any perfon or perfons for or on account thereof, and to be exempt from the duties on {lamped vellum, parchment, and paper); and upon fuch bond being fo given, the faid colledtor and comptroller fhall grant a certificate of the quantity of each fort of corn, meal, or flour, laden In fuch refpeCHve lighter, to accompany the fame to the port or creek to which the faid corn, meal, or flour, is to be conveyed as aforefaid; fuch certificate to fet forth in what fhip or veffel, and from whence the fame was imported, the date of the matter’s report, and the date of the entry made by the importer, proprietor, or confignee thereof, or his agent, and that fuch corn, meal, or flour, was allowed to be unfhipped into fuch lighter (mentioning the name thereof, and of the matter of the fame) in order to be therein conveyed by or through the faid canal to fuch port or creek as aforefaid, (mentioning the name thereof), and that fecu-rity has been given for the due landing thereof at that port or creek; and the faid collector and comptroller (hall tranfmit a copy, duly authenticated, of the report made by the matter of the faid fhip or veflel, and the manifeft by him produced as hereinbefore required, to the collector and comptroller of the port or creek to which the faid corn, meal, or flour, is to be conveyed, who thereupon, and upon production and delivery of the certificate hereby required to be granted to accompany the faid corn, meal, or flour to the faid port or creek, fhall and may admit the fame to entry on payment of the duties called The Low Duties, in like manner as if the faid corn, meal, or flour refpeCtively, had been imported at fuch port or creek from parts beyond the feas, at the date of the report aforefaid; and the collector and comptroller

of

Hosted by Google

179r*1 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 30.'	263

of the faid port or creek fhall thereupon grant a warrant, under their hands, for the landing of fuch corn, meal, or flour, in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms; and fuch officer or officers fhall take an exa61 account thereof, to the end it may appear whether the whole quantity of corn, meal, or flour, taken on board fuch refpebtive lighter has been conveyed to and landed at that port or creek, according to the condition of the bond: provided always, That fuch corn, meal, or flour, fhall not be unfhipped, or allowed to be unfhipped, out of any fuch fhip or veflel as aforefaid, into a lighter or lighters, for the purpofe of being conveyed by or through the faid canal, unlefs the fame fhall be unfhipped into fuch lighter or lighters, according to die regulations herein contained, within fix days from the arrival of the faid fhip or veflel in the port where the fame is hereby allowed to be fo unfhipped for the faid purpofe, or unlefs the commilfioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, or any three of them, fhall fee caufe / to allow a longer time; and the fecurity hereby required to be given for corn, meal, or flour, fo unihipped into any lighter or lighters, fhall be given within fix days after the unfhipping thereof as aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any fhip or veflel, Foreign corn,

from parts beyond the feas, fhall arrive at Greenock in the river &c* arriving at *	/	7	(Treenock:

Clyde, or at any port or creek in the faid river above Greenock, may :be cJn_

within the precinbt of the port of Port Glafgoiu, laden with foreign veyed through

corn, meal, or flour, deftined for the eaft coaft of Scotland; and the Forth and

that the importer, proprietor, or confignee thereof, or his agent,

fhall be deflrous to convey fuch corn, meal, or flour in lighters, DfScotland on

by or through the canal aforefaid, to any port or creek at the eaft the lame con-

end of the faid canal, or on the eaft coaft of Scotland, at which hitions as to

fuch corn, meal, or flour, may then be imported on payment of tiie we^ coa^’

the duties called The Lotv Duties, according to the regulations of

this abt, it fhall and may be lawful to unfhip fuch corn, meal, or

flour, into a lighter or lighters, and therein to convey the fame,

by or through the faid canal, to fuch port or creek as aforefaid,

fubjebt neverthelefs to the like conditions, regulations, fecurities,

and reftribtions, in all refpebts, as corn, meal, or flour, which fhall

be unfhipped at Grangemouth, in the county of Stirling, to be

conveyed by the faid canal in lighters to any fuch port or creek

as aforefaid, at the weft end of the faid canal, or on the weft coaft

of Scotland, is by this abt made fubjebt to.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That all fuch foreign corn, If the required

meal, or flour, which fhall be unfhipped into any lighter or veflel, fecurity be not to be conveyed by or through the faid canal, purfuant to the di-	1

reblions of this act, and for which the fecurity in that cafe required after unlhip-by this abt fhall not be given within three days after the unfhip- ping foreign ping thereof, fhall he forfeited; and if any fuch corn, meal, or corn to be flour, which fhall be unfhipped into any lighter or veflel, to be through^the conveyed by the faid canal, purfuant to this abt, fhall be removed canal, the in fuch lighter or veflel from the place where the fame was fo un- fame to be for® (hipped, before fuch fecurity fhall be given as herein is required, hhted, &c.

or fhall be landed, or unfhipped to be landed, out of fuch lighter or

S 4	veflel,

Hosted by Google

Foreign corn conveyed by the faid canal out of one diftridt, into

264 Anno regni tricefimo p'rimo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

veffel, at any place other than the port or creek for which the fame fnall be reported and entered as aforefaid, or without a warrant from the colledtor and comptroller of the port or creek where the lame {hall be fo landed or unfhipped, or without the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms; all luch corn, meal, or flour, fo removed, and all fuch corn, meal, or flour, fo landed or unfhipped, together with all the reft of the corn, meal, or flour, which {hall remain on board fuch lighter or veffel, {hall be forfeited, and every fuch lighter or veffel, with all her tackle, apparel, and furniture, fhall alfo be forfeited; and every perfon or perfons who {hall be aiding or affifting, or otherwife concerned in the removal of fuch corn, meal, or flour, or in the unfhipping thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this add, or who {hall knowingly receive the fame after the unihipping thereof, {hall forfeit treble the value thereof.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That if any fort of foreign corn, meal, or flour, fhall be carried or conveyed by the faid canal, or fhall be {hipped or put on board with intent to be fo carried or conveyed, out of one diftridt into another, fuch other being a dif-another where tridt into which foreign corn, meal, or flour of that fort is not ahowecfto	a^owec^ to imported on payment of the low duties, all fuch

imported on corffi meal, or flour, with the lighter, boat, or veffel in which the thelowduties, fame fhall be fo carried or conveyed, or fhipped, or put on board, to be forfeited, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this claufe, and all her &Cm	tackle,	apparel,	and	furniture,	fhall	be	forfeited.

XXXI And., for better afcertaining the prices of corn and oatmeal for the purpofes before mentioned, be it further enadted by the autho-The maritime rity aforefaid, That the feveral maritime counties of that part of counties of Great Britain called England fhall be divided into diftridts in the England to be following manner; (that is to fay). The city of London, and the counties of EJfex, Kent, and Suffex, {hall be the firft diftridt; the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, fhall be the fecond diftridt; the county of Norfolk, fhall be the third diftridt; the county of Lincoln, and the eaft and north ridings of the county of York, together with the town and county of Kingjlon upon Hull, {hall be the fourth diftridt; the counties of Durham and Northumberland, and the town of Berivick upon Tweed, {hall be the fifth diftridt; the counties of Cumberland and Wejlmoreland, fhall be the fixth diftridt; the counties of Lancafler and Chefter, fhall be the feventh diftridt; the counties of Flint, Denbigh, Anglefea, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, fhall be the eighth diftridt; the counties of Cardigan, Pembroke, Carmarthen, and Glamorgan, fhall be the ninth diftridt; the counties o{ Gloucejler, Somerjet, and Monmouth, and the city and county of the city of Brijlol, fhall be the tenth diftridt; the counties of Devon and Cornwall, fhall be'the eleventh diftridt; and the counties of Dorfet and Ha?its, fliall be the twelfth diftridt: and. that in the feveral counties forming the diftridts herein-before mentioned fhall, for the purpofes of this adt, -be included and confidered as part thereof, all fuch cities, towns, or places, locally fituated within the faid leveral counties, as are counties of themfelves, or as have or enjoy ail exempt jurifdi$:ionj and which do not contribute tp

the

divided into the diftridts herein fpeci-jfied, (including the cities, See, which are counties of themfelves);

Hosted by Google

26$

17’91 •] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.

the rate of the county, riding, or divifion in which they are fituated.

XXXII.	And be it further enadfed, That, for the like purpofes, as alfo the the feveral counties of that part of Great Britain called Scotland

fhall alfo be divided into diftridfs, in the following manner; (that is to fay), The counties of Fife, Kinrofs, Clackmannan, Stirlings Linlithgow, Edinburgh, Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, fhall be the thirteenth diftridt; the counties of Dumfries, JVigton, and and the ftewartry of Kirkcudbright, fhall be the fourteenth diftridt; the counties of Argyle, Dumbarton,

Lanerk, Renfrew, and Bute, fhall be the fifteenth diltridt; the counties of Orkney and Shetland\ Caithnefs, Sutherland,	Invernefs,

Cromarty, Nairn, Elgin, Banff, Aberdeen, Kincardine, Forfar, and Perth, fhall be the fixteenth didrift.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadted, That fuch of the ports and

places in the counties of .£0/} and Invernefs, as are fituated on the of R0fs ancl wed coaft of Scotland, including the ifles comprehended in thofe Invernefs, and counties, fhall, for the purpofes of this act, be deemed and taken the ifles thereto be within the fifteenth diftridt, and not within the fixteenth withirTthe" diftridt, in which the faid counties of i£<?/x and Invernefs are herein- r diftridl. before comprifed.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted, That the exportation and The exporta-

importation of the feveral forts of corn, and of the other articles tlon> herein-before mentioned, and the payment of the duties on foreign grated in ^ corn, meal, and flour, imported, and of the bounty on Britijh corn London, and and other articles exported, fhall be regulated in the port of £0#- Kent, Eflex, don, and in the feveral ports of Kent, Effex, and Suffex, compofing	Suffex, by

the firft of the diftridts before mentioned, by the prices taken of ^ cornex-the feveral forts of corn and of oatmeal at the com exchange in change; Marklane, in the city of London, in manner herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay), The feveral proprietors of the faid corn ex- the proprie-

chanee, who are intrufted with the management and diredlion tors whereof O'	^	o	sre within 2

thereof, or the major part of them, fhall, and they are hereby au- we^ aftcr

thorifed and required, within one week after the feaft of Saint June 24,1791,

John the B apt if, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, to to appoint an

meet, and, under their hands and feals, nominate and appoint a fit

and proper perfon (not being a corn fadtor, merchant, clerk, agent,

or other perfon buying corn for fale, or for the fale of malt, meal,

or flour made thereof) to be infpedtor of com returns, and fo from

time to time, within twenty-eight days after the death, removal,

or refignation of any fuch infpedfor, to nominate and appoint fome

other fit and proper perfon as aforefaid, to be infpedtor of corn

returns; and every fuch infpedtor fhall, and he is hereby required, Infpedtor to

within one week after he has received his appointment, to deliver give bond,

the fame to the lord mayor or one of the aldermen of the faid city, aild*take

and then enter into a bond to the lord mayor of the city of London, °	®

with two fufficient fureties, to be approved by the lord mayor or by

the faid alderman, in the fum of two hundred pounds, for the

faithful accounting for, and payment of, all monies that fhall

come to his hands by virtue of this adt; and he fhall at the fame

time take the following oath^ which oath the faid lord mayor, or

one

Hosted by Google

266

Oath*

which, with the appoint* ment, is to be inrolled.

An office to be provided for the in* fpe&or.

In cafe of neglect of the proprietors of the corn exchange, the lord mayor and aldermen to appoint an infpedtor.

No infpedtor removeable but by the lord mayor,

&c.

Anno regni tricefimo primo GeorGII III. c. 30. [1791-;

one of the faid aldermen, is hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter:

I A. B. do fwear, That I will at all times make due and true returns to the receiver of corn returns appointed by vixtue of an adt, pajjed in the thirty ffrjl year of the reign of King George the Thirds inti-tuled, [Mere fet forth the title of the act], and in all things, to the hejl of my J,kill and judgement, conform myfelf as infpedtor of corn re~ turns, to the directions of the faid a£l,

'And the faid appointment, and alfo a certificate of his having taken fuch oath, fhall be delivered by the lord mayor or the faid aldermen, at the next feffions of the peace for the faid city, and fliall be then and there inrolled; and the faid proprietors, or the major part of them as aforefaid, fliall, and they are hereby required forthwith to provide, out of the monies arifing from the eftate belonging to them as proprietors of the corn exchange, a proper and convenient office, either within the corn exchange, or as near thereunto as may be, for the ufe and accommodation of the faid infpedlor of corn returns, wherein all books, papers, and returns belonging to fuch infpedtor fliall be depofited, and over which fliall be written in legible characters, Office of Infpeftor of Corn Returns,

XXXV. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the faid proprietors, or the major part of them as aforefaid, fliall refufe or negleCt, within the refpeCtive times herein-before mentioned, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper perfon to be infpeCtor of corn returns, it fliall and may be lawful for the lord mayor and aldermen of the faid city, and they are hereby required, at the fef-fions of the peace that fliall next immediately be held after fuch negleCt or refufai as aforefaid, or at an adjournment of the fame to be held within one week thereafter for that purpofe, or at fome fubfequent feffions, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper perfon (not being a miller, maltfter, corn faCtor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other perfon buying corn for fale, or for the fale of meal, flour, or malt made thereof) to be infpeCtor of corn returns, which appointment fliall be then and there inrolled; and the perfon fo appointed fliall then take the oath before direded, and a certificate of his having taken fuch oath fliall then and there be inrolled; and he fliall, within three days at leaft after fuch appointment, give bond in the manner and form before required.

XXXVI. And be it further enaCted, That no perfon, who /hall have been appointed as aforefaid to the faid office of infpeCtor of corn returns, fliall be removeable therefrom, except on complaint of mifbehaviour or negleft of duty in his office, made at the feffions of the peace holden for the faid city, and then and there heard and adjudged; in which cafe it fliall and may be lawful for the lord mayor and aldermen, if they fliall fee good caufe for the fame, to remove fuch perfon from his office; and they fliall thereupon fignify fuch removal to the fecretary of the corn exchange for the time being, or to fome one of the proprietor? of the fame

as

Hosted by Google

1791-] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.	26y

as aforefaid, who fhall forthwith proceed to nominate and appoint a new infpector in manner herein-before directed.

XXXVII,	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any infpec- In cafe of tor of corn returns fhall be difabled by ficknefs, for the fpace °f ^ne.^ one week, to execute the duties of his office, and the fame fhall h\ay be ap-be fignified to the fecretary of the corn exchange, or any one of pointed, the proprietors thereof as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid proprietors, or the major part of them, and in cafe of their neg-

le£t or refufal, for the lord mayor of the faid city, and he or they is and are hereby required in like manner to nominate and appoint a fit and proper perfon (not being a miller, maltfter, com fadtor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other perfon buying corn for fale, or for the fale of meal, flour, or malt made thereof) to be deputy, and to execute the office of infpedfor, during the difability of fuch infpedfor by ficknefs, and no.longer; which appointment fhall in like manner be inrolled, and the deputy fo appointed (hall in like manner enter into a bond and take the oath, and a certificate of his having fo taken the oath (hall in like manner be in-rolled, as is herein-before dire&ed with regard to the infpecfor of corn returns.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That every corn factor Corn fadtors carrying on his trade or bufinefs in the city of London, or in the to piake the fuburbs thereof, fhall, within one calendar month after the feaft 0WinS of Saint "John tke Bapti/l, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-

one, or after that time, within one calendar month from the time he fhall begin to deal in the fale of corn or of oatmeal, make declaration in the form following; (that is to fay),

I A. B. do hereby declare, "That the returns of the quantities and Declaration, prices of Britifh corn and oatmeal, which heyiceforward floall be by or for me fold and delivered, fliall, to the bejl of my knozvledge and belief contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the corn and oatmeal bona fide fold and delivered by or for me, within the period to which they Jhall refer, with the prices of fuch corn and oatmeal, and the names of the buyers refpeCtively, and, to the beft of my judgement^ conformable to the directions of an a£t pajfed in the thirty-firjl year of the reign of King George the Lbird, intituled[Here fet forth the title of the aft.]

Which declaration fhall be in writing, and fhall be fubfcribed with the hand of fuch corn fa&or, and fhall be by him or his agent forthwith delivered to the lord mayor of the city of London, for the time being, who is hereby required to grant a certificate thereof to be regiftered by the infpedlor of corn returns; and in cafe any perfon fhall carry on the trade or bufinefs of a corn faftor, without making the laid declaration agreeably to the directions of this aCt, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty on penalty of pounds.	5°1*

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted. That every fuch corn Factors to faCtor fhall, and he is hereby required to return, or caufe to be make weekly returned, on the JVednefday in each and every week, to the faid	C

Rector the quantities

Hosted by

268 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791;

of corn, &c. infpe&or of corn returns, an account in writing, figned with hi$ fold, &c. on own name, or the name of his known agent, of the quantities of penatyo iol. each refpe£ftve fort Gf corn and oatmeal fo by him fold and delivered during the week, with the prices thereof according to the refpe&ive meafures in table Z), the amount of every parcel, with the total quantity and value of each fort of corn, and of the oatmeal, and by what meafure or weight the fame was fold, with the names of the buyers thereof; in default whereof, every fuch com factor fhall, for every fuch negledt, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

which returns XL. And be it further enadted, That the faid infpe£tor of corn t-recTb^the* returns ^d[\ duly an(^ regularly enter in a book or books, to be infpeCtor, but provided and kept for that purpofe, the feveral accounts of the not (hewn quantities and prices of corn and oatmeal received by him from without pro- the refpedtive corn factors, and the fame fhall not be made pub-perauthoiity, or ffiewn by the faid infpedlor, or with his privity or cohfent, cmi 1 e pen any perfon whatfoever, unlefs the fame fhall be called for or required by the receiver of corn returns appointed in purfuance of this a<51, or fhall be required by any order in writing under the hand of the lord mayor, or any two of the aldermen, of the faid city, under the penalty and forfeiture of the fum of ten pounds. Infpe&or to XLI. And be it further enabled, That the faid infpedlor of corn make up returns fhall, and he is hereby required, every week, to make up, ^rntfoTthe comPute> anc* diftinguifh, from the returns by him received pur-average quan- fuant to the diredtions of this adt, in that week, the general ag-tity and price gregate quantity, according to the refpedtive meafures in table Z>, of each fort of and price of each refpedfive fort of Britijb corn and oatmeal that fhall appear 16 have been fold and delivered in and during fuch London, and week, in the city of London and fuburbs thereof; an account of totranfmitthe which returns, and the faid general aggregate quantities and average prices prices, he is hereby required to enter in a book or books to be to the receiver ^cePt f°r ^at purpofe, and thereupon to make up and compute the of corn re- average prices of each refpedtive fort of corn and of oatmeal fold turns, who is and delivered during fuch week; and he is hereby directed, on the to tranfmit a Friday in every week, to tranfmit a copy of the account of the thSeo^to the average prices to the receiver of corn returns herein-after di-colle&ors of redfed to be appointed, who is hereby required to enter the fame thecuftoms at in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and forthwith to London, and tranfmit a certificate of fuch average prices of each refpedtive fort Effex°Kent Britijh corn, figned by him, to his Majefty’s colledlor or other and SufTex as chief officer of the cuftoms of the port or London, and to the fe-the guide for veral collectors or other chief officers of the ports or places within exportation, the counties of EJfex^ Kenty and Sujfex-, and the faid refpedfive col-^■c*	lectors and other chief officers are hereby required to receive and

enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuftom houfe thereto belonging, to which all perfons may refort 5 and the exportation of each fort of Britijh corn, and of the other articles herein-before mentioned, and the payment of the bounty thereon, within the port of the faid city of London, and the ports in the counties of Kent, EJTex^ and SuJTex, fhall be governed and

regulated

Hosted by Google

j791.3 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 30.	269

regulated by fuch average prices, in the manner herein-before direCted, until new average prices (hall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to fuch collectors or other chief officers refpeCtively, and by them received.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the faid infpector of Infpedor alfo corn returns fhall, and he is hereby required, within feven days to makeup, at after the fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred heremVpeci-and ninety-one, and within feven days after the fifteenth day of fied,likeac-February, the fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of Augufl, and counts, and to the fifteenth day of November, in each and every fucceeding year, tranfmit the to make up, compute, and diflinguifh, from and upon the fix lafl for the periods weekly returns by him received purfuant to the directions of this herein men-aCt, immediately preceding fuch refpeCtive periods, an account of tiorted to the the general aggregate quantity, according to the refpe&ive mea- receiver of fures in table Z), and price of each refpeCtive fort of Britijh corn, oats excepted, and of oatmeal, that fhall appear to have been fold tranfmit a cer-and delivered in and during fuch fix weeks in the faid city of Lon- tificatethereof don and fuburbs thereof, and in like manner an account of the ge-neral aggregate quantity and price of all Britifl) oats that fhall fo^jn Lon-' appear by the lafi: twelve weekly returns preceding fuch period, <jon) &c. to have been fold and delivered within the faid city and fuburbs thereof; an account of which returns, and the faid general aggregate quantities and prices, he is hereby required to enter in a book ^or books to be kept for that purpofe, and thereupon to make up and compute the average price of each refpective fort of corn and of oatmeal fold and delivered, during the feveral periods before mentioned, in the faid city and fuburbs thereof; and the faid infpeCtor is hereby directed, without delay, to tranfmit a copy of the account of fuch average prices to the receiver of corn returns herein-after direCted to be appointed, who is hereby required to enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and forthwith to tranfmit a certificate of fuch average prices, fignedby him, to his Majefty’s collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms for the port of London^ and to the feveral collectors or other chief officers of the ports or places within the counties of Ejjex, Kent, and Sup-fex'y and the faid refpective collectors, and other chief officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuftom houfe thereto belonging, to which all perfons may refort; and the importation of each fort of foreign corn, and of the other articles herein-before mentioned, and the payment of the duty thereon, within the port of the faid city of London, and the ports in the counties of Kent,

Effex, and Suffix, fhall be governed and regulated by fuch average prices, in the manner herein-before directed, until new average prices fhall, in like manner, be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to fuch collectors or other chief officers, refpeCfively, and by them received.

XL1II. And be it further enaCted, That the faid infpeCfor of fnfpe&or to corn returns (hall, and he is hereby required, without delay, to deliver a copy deliver to the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, at

their	to	be

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

170 Anno rcgni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

inferted in the their feflions of the peace then next to be holden, a copy of the Gazette. account of the feveral average prices fo made up and computed, and verify the fame upon oath; and the lord mayor and aldermen fhall, - and they are hereby required to caufe the fame to be pub-lifhed in the London Gazette once in each of the four weeks immediately fucceeding fuch feflion, the expences of which publication fhall be paid out of the monies in the hands of the faid in-fpe&or of corn returns by virtue of this a£h Factors to pay XLIV. And be it further ena£ted, That all Brltijh corn that to the	(hall be brought into the river Thames, eaftward of London Bridge,

corn^roueht an<^	anc^ delivered, (hall be charged with the fum of

one penny per laft, or ten quarters; and that all foreign corn, when delivered out of any fhip or veflel in the port of London, fhall be charged with a fum of two-pence per laft, or ten quarters, befides the duties before mentioned; and that it {hall be lawful for the infpedlor of corn returns to demand, colledt, and receive the fame, from every corn fadtor, or importer of corn, refpedtively, on corn, 2-d.; and whofe account fuch Britijh or foreign corn fhall be fold and de-himVn^c-0 Hvered, or fhall be delivered out of the fhip or veflel in which the fame fhall have been imported, as the cafe may be, and that the corn fadtor, or importer, fhall deliver a full and true account of the quantity of the faid corn, to the corn infpedtor, within one week after the fale and delivery thereof, or the delivery thereof from the fhip or veflel, with the name of the mafter or com^ mander of fuch fhip or veflel.

XLV. And be it further enadfed, That an account of the mo-deliver, twice nies fo received by the faid infpedtor of corn returns, or the de-th^or^ma*0 Puty t^ien executmS faid office during any fuch difability by ore &c.	ficknefs as aforefaid, twice in every year; (that is to fay), At the

account of quarter feflions holden for the city of London, next after Chrijimas the money fo and Midfummery fhall be ftated and delivered by him to the lord him^which is mayor and aldermen then and there affembled; and it fhall and to be difpofed maY lawful to and for the faid lord mayor and aldermen, and of as herein they are hereby authorifed and required, under their hands and dire&ed. feals, to impower the faid infpeftor of corn returns, out of the faid fum and fums fo received, to retain and apply to his own ufe and benefit any fum not exceeding the rate of two hundred pounds per annum, nor lefs than one hundred pounds per annum, from which faid fum fhall always be firft deduced fuch fum as fhall by the faid lord mayor and aldermen be direfled and ordered- (which order and direction they are hereby impowered to make) to be paid to or retained by any deputy or deputies then executing, or who hath or have executed, the faid office during any fuch difability by ficknefs as aforefaid, and fuch part of the refidue or overplus of the monies fo collected and received fhall be paid over, without delay, to fuch of the proprietors of the faid eftate of the corn exchange as manage and regulate the fame as aforefaid, to the ufe and benefit of the faid eftate, as fhall be fufficient to repay thereunto all fuch monies as may have been therefrom ifliied or expended in providing, completing, and keeping in repair, fuch apartment or office; and the remainder thereof if any, fhall be

paid

corn brought into the Thames eaftward of London Bridge, and fold, id. per laft, and for foreign

count of the quantity, &c.

Infpe&or to

Hosted by Google

I791*] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 3o.	271

paid to the receiver general of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and, after fuch payment made, the faid infpedlor of corn returns, or any deputy executing fuch office as aforefaid, their heirs,.executors, ad-miniflrators, and fuccefTors, fhall be for ever difcharged and exonerated.

XLVI. And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for Lord mayor, the faid lord mayor and aldermen, at any feffions holden in the &c. may order months of Aprils July, October, and January, yearly, for the faid ^n^0ned city, to inquire into and examine the faid infpedtor of corn re- jmp0fttion of turns, or the deputy then executing the faid office as aforefaid, and id. and zd. he is hereby required to declare and make known whether any of Per. to be the faid corn fadlors or importers as aforefaid have negledfed or	^	1	**

refufed to pay and difcharge (the fame having been demanded) any fum or fums of money from him due and owing on account of the faid penny charged on BritiJ).b corn, or two-pence on foreign corn, per laft, by him fo fold and delivered, or fo imported, as the cafe may be, and in cafe the fame fhall upon due proof and hearing appear, to the fatisfadfcion of the court, then it fhall be lawful for the lord mayor, or any two aldermen, by warrant of diflrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the party fo negledfing or refufing, to caufe to be levied fuch fum of money as fhall be thereupon due and owing, and, after rendering the overplus (if any) to the party whofe goods fhall be fo diflrained and fold (the charges of fuch diflrefs and fale being nrfl dedudted) the money fo levied fhall be paid over to the faid infpedlor of corn returns, or his deputy then executing the faid office, to be accounted for as herein diredfed and required.

XLVII. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, Exportation That the exportation and importation of corn, and of the other	\

articles herein-before mentioned, and the payment of the duty on other diftriSs foreign corn, meal, and flour imported, and of the bounty on in England to Britijh corn and the other articles herein-before mentioned ex- be regulated ported in the eleven other diftridls of that part of Great Britain by the prices called England', fhall be governed and regulated in each diftridt by |feJe-en^.S the prices of each fort of corn and oatmeal taken in the manner tioned; herein-after mentioned, in the feveral cities and towns hereinafter named; (that is to fay). In the fecond of the faid diftridls, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Ipfwicb,

Woodbridge, Sudbury, Haddeigb, Siowmarket, Bury Saint Edmunds,

Beccles, Bungay, Lozvsjhft, Cambridge, Ely, and Wijbeach: in the third of the faid diftridls, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Norwich, Yarmouth, Lynn, Thetford, Watt on,

Wymondham, Eaft Dereham, Harlefton, Holt, Aylejham, Fakenham, and Walfngham: in the fourth of the faid diftridls, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Lincoln, Gainfborough, Glamfordbridge, Lowth, Bo ft on, Sleaford, Stamford, Spalding, York,

Bridlington, Beverley, Howden, Hull, Whitby, and New Malton : in the fifth of the faid diftridts, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Durham, Stockton, Darlington, S under-land, Barnard Cajlle, Wolfingham, Bel ford, Hexham, Newcaftle upon Tyne, Morpeth, Alnwick, and Berwick upon Tweed: in the fixth of

u	the

Hosted by Google

2J2 Anno regni tricefimo prkno Georgii III. c. 30. [1791;

the faid diftri&s, from the prices'taken in the following citfes and towns; Carlifie, Whitehaven, Gockermouth, Penrith, Appleby, and Burton: in the feventh of the faid diftridfs, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Liverpool', Vlverftone, Lancafter, P reft on, Ormjkirk, Warrington, Manchejler, Bolton, Chefter, Nant-with, Macclesfieldand Stockport: in the eighth of the faid diftfidls, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Holywell, Mold, Denbigh, Wrexham, Tymawr, Llangollen, Beaumaris, Llan-nerchymed, Amlwch, Carnarvon, Pwhelli, Conway, Bala, Corwen, and Dolgelly: in the ninth of the faid diftridts, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Cardigan, Lampeter, Aberyftwith, Pembroke, Fifioguard, Haverfiordwefl, Carmarthen, ■Llandilo, KedwiUy, Swanfea, Neath, and Cowbridge: in the tenth of the faid diftricts, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Gloucefter, Cirencejler, Pet bury. Stow on the Wold, Tewk -fibury, Daunt on, Wells, Bridgewater, Frome, Wellington, Monmouth, Abergavenny, Chepflow, Pontypool, and Brifiol: in the eleventh of -the laid diftridfs, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Exeter, Barnjlaple, Plymouth, Totnefs, Taviftock, Kingfbridge, Truro, Bodmin, Launcejlon, Redruth, Helftone, and Saint Auftelh and in the twelfth of the faid diftridfs, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Blandford, Bridport, Dorchejler, Sher-bone, Lyme Regis, Wareham, Winchejler, Andover, Bafingjloke, Fare-ham, Gofport, Newport, Ringzvood,-Southampton, and Portfmouth* for each of XLVIII. And be it further enadfed, That th6 juftices of the countie's^^cept peace for the feveral and refpedtive maritime counties, and'for the themfelves)	ridings or divifions thereof, at their general quarter feflions to be

the juftices^	held after the feaft of Saint John the Baptifi, one thoufand feven

in fefiion are hundred and ninety-one, or at any adjournment thereof, or at in^edor^ofn ^ome lu^^ecluent feflions, {hall, and they are hereby authorifed and com returns• reclu*red to appoint fuch perfon-as to them fhall appear bell: qualified for that purpofe within their refpedtive jurifdidlions, (not being a miller, maltfter, fadter, merchant, clerk, agent, or other perfon buying corn for fale, or for the fale of meal, flour, malt, or bread made thereof), reliding within or near each and every of the cities of towns fo nominated as aforefaid, except fuch cities or towns as are counties of themfelves, or as have or enjoy an exempt jurifdidtion, and which do not contribute to the rate of the county, riding, or divifion in which they are fituated, to colledt weekly an account of the prices and quantities of the feveral forts of corn and of oatmeal fold and delivered in fuch city or town; and the perfon fo to be appointed fhall be called InfipeSlor ofiCorn Returns for fuch city or town; and the faid juftices fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, in the fame manner, from time to time, upon the death, removal, or refignation of any fuch in-fpedtor, at their next enfuing feflions of the peace, or at fome fub-fequent feflions, to appoint fome other fit and proper perfon as aforefaid, to be infpedtor of corn returns for fuch city or town, and for fuch XLIX. And be it further enadfed, That the mayor, or other as are counties chief officer, and the juftices of the peace, of every fuch city or them ay or, town herein-before nominated as is a county of itfelf, or has or J *	enjoys

Hosted by Google

1791 •] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.	273

enjoys an exempt jurifdiction, and which doth not contribute to *° 2PP°lnt the rate of the county, riding, or divifion, in which it is fituated, in at the general quarter feffions of fuch city or town refpedtively to be held after the feaft of Saint yobn the Baptift, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, or at any adjournment thereof, or -at fome fubfequent feffion, fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, in like manner to appoint fuch perfon as to them fhall appear beft qualified for that purpofe, (not being a miller, maltfter, factor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other perfon buying corn for fale, or for the fale of meal, flour, malt, or bread made thereof), refiding within or near fuch city or town,jo colledt weekly an account of the prices and quantities of the fe-veral forts of corn, and of oatmeal, fold and delivered in fuch city or town ; and the perfon fo to be appointed fhall be called Infpettor of Corn Returns for fuch city or town; and the faid mayor or other chief officer and juftices fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, in the fame manner, from time to time, upon the death, removal, or refignation of any fiich infpedtor, to appoint fome other fit and proper perfon as aforefaid, to be infpedtor of corn returns for fuch city or town.

L,	And be it further enadfed, That the faid juftices of the Suchinfpec-feverai maritime counties herein-before mentioned, and the faid Amoved mayor or other chief magiftrate, and juftices of the peace, of *nci -n cafe Qf every fuch city or town before mentioned as is a county of itfelf, death orrcfig-or has or enjoys an exempt jurifdidlion as aforefaid, fhall, at their nation, other refpedtive quarter feffions, or at any adjournment thereof, have ^ra°nS01^^j power to remove any infpedtor appointed as aforefaid, for mif- toafftilHhe behaviour or negledt of duty, on complaint being made before quarter ief-them on oath of fuch mifbehaviour or negledt of duty, by anyone fions. credible witnefs; which oath fuch juftices and mayor, or other chief officer, are and is hereby authorifed to adminifter, or on like complaint made in writing, and figned by the faid receiver of corn returns directed herein-after to be appointed : provided always, That in cafe the death or refignation of any fuch infpedtor fhall happen at any time previous to the holding fuch quarter feffion, it fhall be lawful for two juftices of the peace adting for fuch county, riding, or divifion, or for the mayor or other chief officer of fuch city or town as is a county of itfelf, or has or enjoys an exempt jurifdidtion as aforefaid, to appoint fome other fit and proper perfon as aforefaid, in the place of fuch infpedtor fo dying or refigning; which perfon fhall execute the office of infpedtor of corn returns until the next general quarter feffions of the peace.

LI* And be it further enadted. That every perfon fo appointed Infpedtorsto infpedtor of corn returns as aforefaid fhall, previous to his taking	tiie	*

upon him the faid office, take and fubfcribe, before any onejuf-	5

tice of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, or town, where he fhall refide, the following oath, (or, being of the people called Ghtakers, affirm)^ which oath (or affirmation) fuch juft ice is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter ^ videlicet:

VoL* XXXVII,

I A. Ba

Hosted by Google

274 Anno regni tricefirno primo Georoii IIL c. 30. ,[1791;

Oath.	T	A.	B.. do fivear, [or ajfirmf ‘That I will at all times make due

A and true returns to the receiver of corn returns appointed by virtue oj a?i ad, pajjed in the,, ihirty-firji year of the reign of King George the ‘Ibird, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of the adt], of the weekly quantities and prices of coni and oatmeal at the market held at

according to the accounts delivered to me by the feveral dealers in corn and oatmeal at the faid market, and that 1 will ufe my bcjl endeavours to procure true accounts cffuch quantities and prices from fuch dealers, and in all things, to the be ft of my /kill and judgement, conform myfelf, as infpedor of corn returns^ to the directions of the faid ad.

Dealers in LIT- And be it further enabled, .That as foon as infpedlors of

to're turn to corn returns fhall have been appointed in manner herein-before

the inipedors, mentioned, all millers, maitfters, factors, merchants, clerks,

accounts of agents, and other perfons being dealers in corn for fale, or for the

the quantities fale of meal, flour, malt, or bread made thereof,' fhall, and they

boug it y afe hereby required to return or caufe to be returned, to the faid them m eacn . r 0 J c ^	..	.	.	, n n

week, See. lnfpector 01 corn returns tor the city or town whereat they ihall

relpecfively buy any corn or oatmeal, an account in writing,

figned with their own name, of the quantities of each refpedfive

fort of corn and of oatmeal, fo by them bought and received

during any week, on the firft market day in the week then next

enfuing, with the prices thereof, and by what meafure or weight

the fame was bought; in default whereof, every fuch miller,

maltfter, fadfor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other perfon, being a

dealer in corn as aforefaid, fhall for every fuch neglect forfeit and

pay a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty {hillings.

and to make LIU. And be it further enadted, That every miller, maltfter,

the following fa£*or? merchant, clerk, agent, or other perfon being a dealer in

corn for fale, or for the fale of meal, flour, malt, or bread made

thereof, thall, within or.e calendar month after the feaft of Saint

'John the Eaptift, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, or

after that time within one calendar month from the time he fhall

begin to deal in corn or oatmeal, in any city or town before

mentioned, make declaration in the form following; that is to

fay:

Declaration* IT A. B. do hereby declare, That the returns of the quantities and A prices of Britifh corn and oatmeal, which henceforward ft) a ll be by me bought and received, jha 'll, to the bejl of my knowledge' and belief be true and Juft, and, to the bejl of my\judgement, conformable to the directions of an aid, pajfed in the thirty-frft year of the' reign of his mayfly King George the Third, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of the adt.]

which is to be Which declaration fhall be in writing, and fhall befubferibed with hdlicerClto^e	of	fuch miller, maltfter, factor, merchant, clerk, agent,

filed bv the or other perfon being a. dealer in corn for fale, or for the fale of clerks of the meal, flour, .malt, or bread made thereof, and fhall be by them or peace.	their agents refpedtively forthwith delivered to a juftice of the

peace



Hosted by Google

under the Hand clivifion, city.

cO

under th

penalty

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.	275

peace for the refpedlive county, riding, dtvifion, city, or town, within any of the above-defcribed diftridts, who is hereby required to certify the fame to, and fuch certificate is hereby required to be filed by, the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or divifton, or by the town clerk of fuch city or town re-fpectively; and in cafe any perfoa fhall buy corn of any fort or Penalty for oatmeal, for fale as aforefaid, without having made the faid dec!a- aftingwithout ration, or fhall wilfully make-a falfe return of the quantities and prices, fuch perfon fhall for every fuch neglect, and for every fuch orm'kVn°?iilfe falfe return, forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor returns. 5 lefs than forty {hillings.

LiV. And be it further enabled, That every fuch infpeefor Infpedlor to fhall duly and regularly enter, in a book or books to be'provided ^nt-rthe ao and kept for that purpofe, the feveral accounts of the quantities qy^p^ti^^and-and prices of corn and oatmeal, returned to him by the refpedlive prices or corn dealers, which faid book or books fhall not be made publick or returns'! to fhewn by the faid infpedior, or with his privity or confent, to any ^7 by the perfon whatsoever, urilefs called for or required by the faid re- e“ eri5> ceiver of corn returns, or by an order in writing of one juft ice of the peace for the county, rid in or town, in which fuch infpe&or fhall refide

and forfeiture of the fum of twenty pounds : and every fuch in- and return to fpedior fhall return to the receiver of corn returns hereinafter the receiver of appointed, on the Tuefday in each week, an account of the weekly coin1 !etuins

. .	’	,	. J ry, r	, r	r	,	r	\	WCcklv, ail

quantities ana prices or the leveral lorts or corn and or oatmeal account of fold and delivered in the city or town for which he is appointed the quantities infpedior, according to the returns fo made to him, on pain of and prices of forfeiting for every fuch neglect the fum of ten pounds; which ac- coin count final 1 be lodged, with, and remain in the cuftody of, the faid " receiver of corn returns, for the purpofes of this act.

LV. And be it further enadled, That the faid receiver of corn Receiver of returns fhall, and he is hereby required, at the end of every week, com returns to make up, compute, and diitinguifh, from and upon the returns by him received, purfuant to the directions of this a61, in the the^awnvynte week immediately preceding, an account of the general aggregate quantifies "and . quantities, according to the refpedlive meafures in table £), and prices of each prices of each refpedtive fort of Britijh corn and oatmeal that fhall fort appear to have been fold and delivered in and during fuch week,	iia

in each refpedrive diftridt, the account of which returns, and of each diftriedt -the faid aggregate quantities and prices, he is hereby required to weekly, and enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and there- tranimit the from to make up and compute the average price of each refpedlive t^tii^collec--fort of corn and oatmeal fold and delivered during fuch week ; and tors of the the faid receiver of corn returns is hereby diredfed, without de- cuftomsatthe lay, to tranfmit to the collectors, or other chief officers of the leveral ports cuftoms for the time being, of the feveral ports or places within ^Riefo^ex^ each fuch diftridt, a certificate of the average prices of each re- portation, fpedtive fort of Britijh corn lo made up and computed from the returns of fuch diftriidl, and the fai'd refpedlive colledtors, and other chief officers are hereby required to receive and enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to caufe

T 2	a	copy

Hosted by Google

and alfo to make up like accounts at the times herein l'peci-fied,anatranf-mit the ave-

276 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791."

a copy thereof to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuf* tom-houfe thereto belonging, to which all perfons may refort; and the exportation of each fort of Britijh corn, and other articles as aforefaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon within that diftridt, {hall be governed and regulated by fuch average prices, in manner herein-before directed, until new average prices (hall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof fhal! be tranfmitted to fuch colledtors or chief officers, and be by them received.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the faid receiver of corn returns (hall, and he is hereby required, within feven days after the fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and within feven days after the fifteenth day of February, the fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of Auguft, -and the fifteenth day of November, in each and every fucceeding thc^faid^ol^0 year’ to make up, compute, and diftinguifh from and upon the ledtors as the laft weekly returns by him received, purfuant to the diredfions rule for im- of this adf, immediately preceding fuch refpedfive periods, an ac-portation, &c. count of the general aggregate quantities according to the refpec-tive meafures in table Z>, and prices of each refpedtive fort of Britijh corn and of oatmeal that {hall appear to have been fold and delivered in and during fuch fix weeks in each refpedfive dif-tridf, an account of which returns, and the faid aggregate quantities and price^ he is hereby required to enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe* and therefrom to make-up and compute the average prices of each refpedtive fort of corn arid of oatmeal fold and delivered, during the feveral periods before mentioned, within each respective diftridt; and the faid receiver of corn returns is hereby diredted, without delay, to tranfmit to the colledtors or other chief officers of the cuftoms of the feveral ports or places in each diftridt, a certificate of the average prices of the ieveral forts of corn and of oatmeal made up and computed from the returns of fuch diftridt, and the faid reipedtive colledtors, and other chief officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuftom houfe thereto belonging, to which all perfons may refort 5 and the importation of each fort of foreign corn, meal, and Sour, and the payment of the duty thereon within that diftrict, fhall be governed and regulated by fuch average prices in the manner here-in-before directed, until new average prices fhall, in like manner, he made up and computed, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to fuch collectors, or other chief officers, and be by them received.

LVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the importation of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the payment of the duties thereon, and the exportation of Britijh corny and of the other articles herein-before mentioned, and the payment of the bounty thereon, (hali be governed and regulated in each of the diftricts in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by tiie prices of each fort of corn of oatmeal, taken in the manner

Importation and exportation of corn, See. to be regulated in Scotland by the prices ta~ ken in the

Hosted by Google

1791 -3 Anno regni tricefimoprimoGEoRGir III. c, 30.	277

ner herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay) the fherifF depute of manner here-each of the counties, and the fteward depute of the ftewartry in m pre cnbed* Scotland herein-before mentioned, or his fubftitute, refpedtively, ihall, on the fifteenth day of the month of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and on the fifteenth day of every fucceeding month, or within three days thereafter, convene in open court, at the ufual court place, at twelve of the clock midday, before him, a jury of not more than feven, or lefs than five, good and lawful men of his county or ftewartry, not being buyers of corn or oatmeal for fale, of whom two fhall be chofen from among the freeholders or commifiioners of fupply, and two from among the farmers of land, and the remaining number from among the reputable inhabitants carrying on trade or bufinefs in fome town in that county or ftewartry, to fix and determine, upon oath, the weekly market prices of the feveral forts of middling Britijh corn and oatmeal, as the fame were commonly bought and fold in that county or ftewartry in each of the four weeks then laft preceding, according to the evidence to be adduced of the faid prices in manner herein-after directed; and the fai’d lheriiF or fteward depute or fubftitute fhall, in the prefence pf the jury fo convened, proceed forthwith to take proof of the weekly market prices of middling Briti/I) wheat, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer or bigg, oats, and oatmeal, as the fame were commonly bought and fold within that county or ftewartry in each of the faid four weeks, by examining upon oath, as many perfons refident therein, and fkilful in the prices of corn and oatmeal, who are, by the faid fherifF or fteward depute or fubftitute, to be convened before him for that purpofe, as fhall be necefFary for compleat evidence of the weekly prices aforefaid, and thereupon the faid jury fhall, by an inftrument in writing, under the hands of the major part of them, fix and determine the weekly market prices of wheat, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer or bigg, oats, and oatmeal, as the fame were commonly bought and fold within that county or ftewartry in each of the faid four weeks, diftinguifhing therein all the prices of each of the faid Feveral forts of corn, and of oatmeal, in each of the faid four weeks ; of which weekly prices Account to be fo fixed and determined the faid fherifF or fteward depute or Tub-	efver	of

ftitute fhall forthwith return an exadt and diftindt account, under corn retUrn$ his hand, to the receiver of corn returns at Lo?idony to be appoint- at London, of ed in manner herein-after directed, and every fuch return fhall the prices, be lodged with and remain in the cuftody of the faid receiver of ^fixed^ the corn returns, for the purpofes of this adt: provided always. That meaiures and every fuch jury fhall fix and determine the prices of corn and weights ufed oatmeal as aforefaid by the fame meafures and weights as fuch in each re-corn and oatmeal is respectively bought and fold by in each re- [pe<^vce coun" fpedtive county or ftewartry; and that the fherifF or fteward de- ^ pute or fubftitute, in his return to be made and tranfmitted as herein-before directed, fhall ftate the prices in like manner, and ftiali alfo compute therefrom, and ftate in his faid returns, the prices of fuch corn by the buftiel commonly called The IVinchef-ter Bujhely and the price of fuch oatmeal by the boll of one hundred

T 3	and

Hosted by Google

278 Anno regni tricefimo prime Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.'

and twenty-eight pounds Scotch troy or one hundred and forty pounds avoirdupois: provided alfo, That the prices of corn and oatmeal {hall be fixed and determined in manner aforefaid at Glaf-goiu in the county of Lanark, and at FaiJJey in the county of Ren-frevj, and at Thurfo in the county of Caiihmfs, and at the county towns in the other counties in Scotland, and not at any other town or towns in the faid refpediive counties: provided alfo, Depofitions of That the depofitions of the per fobs to be examined touching the witness ^ prices of corn and oatmeal, purfuant to this adb, lhall be taken in ce^tohe are' 'wr^*InS> anc* ^na-- be figned by them, and by the {aid foe riff or ferved as re- fteward depute or fubftitute, and (hall, together with the deter-cords.	mi nation of the jury thereupon, be preierved as matter of record

by the flier iff cr {toward clerk or that county or ftewartry, who {hall give extracts thereof to all perfons demanding the fame, upon payment of the like fees as are exigible for extracts of judicial proceedings.

Sheriff may LVIII. And be it further enadted, That every fheriff or fteward compel evi- depute or fubftitute, in Scotland, fhall have and cxercife the like aUend t0 Powers *or compelling the attendance of any perfon to give evidence refpedting the prices of corn and oatmeal, or to ferve on any jury for fixing and determining the faid prices, purfuant to this a6t, as he has or may lawfully exercife to compel the attendance of witneffes or jurymen upon the trial of any criminal in-didlment before him.

LIX. And be it further enadred, That if any fheriff or fteward depute, or if any fheriff or fteward fubftitute. in the abfence of the refpedtive fheriff or fteward depute, fhall neglect, or omit, or delay to caufe the prices of corn or oatmeal to be fixed and determined'in the manner diredted by this adt, upon the refpective days herein-before appointed, or within three days thereafter, or fhall not forthwith, after the fixing and determining thereof, return or tranfmit to the faid receiver of corn returns fuch ftate of the prices fo fixed and determined as is herein-before diredted, every fuch fheriff or fteward depute or fubftitute refpedlively fhall for every fuch negledt forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

LX. And be it further enadted, That the faid receiver of corn returns fhall, 2nd he is hereby required within ten days after the and^'b month * ft^eenth day of the month of November one thoufand feven hun-jv, the re- dred and ninety-one, and within ten days after the fifteenth day ceiver of corn of every iucceeding month, to make up from the lad monthly re-returns to turns by him received from each fheriff or fteward depute or fub-cotintTo/ff e fthute, an account of the weekly prices of corn contained in the weekly prices faid laid monthly returns, within each refpedtive diftrict of Scotland\ of corn jn each diftinguifhing therein the price of each fort of corn, in each week, didridim ^ jn each county or ftewartry comprehended in each diftridf, an t'-?tranfnutthe account of which returns he is hereby required to enter in a book average prices or books to be kept for that purpefe, and therefrom to make up of che la ft	and compute the average price of each refpedtive fort'of corn,

f t0 f16	four	weeks, within each refpedtive difiridtp and

the cuftoms at t,ne Lid receiver of corn returns is hereby diredted‘forthwith to the i'cveral tranfmit to the collectors or other chief officers of the cuftoms for

the

Penalty on fherifjfs not canting the prices to be fixed, &c.

Within ten

days after Tov.15,1791,

Hosted by Google

I791-] Anno rcgni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.	279

the time being, of the federal ports within each fuch aiftricft of ports therein, Scotland\ a certificate of the average prices of the feveral forts of*8 the giude corn fo made up and computed from the returns cf fuch diiirict;	ta~

and the faid refpective collectors, and other chief officers, are ; hereby required to receive and enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuPcom houfe thereto belonging, to which all perfons may refort, and the exportation of each fort of Britijh corn, and of the other articles as nforefaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon within that diftri<3:, /hall be governed and regulated by fuch average prices in the manner herein-before direCted, until new average prices /hall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof fhall be tranfmitted to fuch collectors or chief officers, and be by them received.

LXI. And be it further enacted. That the faid receiver of and alfo to corn returns fhall, and he is hereby required, within ten days make up like after the fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred the times^ and ninety-one, and within ten days after the fifteenth day of herein i'pecifi-jFebruary, the fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of Augujl, ed, and tranf-and the fifteenth day of November, in each and every fucceeding rnit the ave-year, to make up from the two laft monthly returns by him re- and'oat-ceived from each fheriff or Reward depute or fubftitute, purfuant meal for the to the directions of this adt, immediately preceding fuch refpective laid fix weeks periods, an account of the weekly prices of corn and oatmeal, in to the faid the laft fix weeks comprized in the faid two returns, within each the rutefor* of the diftridts of Scotland herein-before deferibed, diftingunhing importation, therein the price of each fort of corn, and of oatmeal, in each &c. week, in each county or ftewartry comprehended in each diftrict^ an account of which returns he is hereby required to enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and therefrom to make up and compute the average price of each refpective fort of corn, and of oatmeal, during the faid fix weeks, within each refpe&ive diftrict; and the faid receiver of corn returns is hereby directed forthwith to tranfmit to the collectors or other chief officers of the cuftoms, for the time being, of the feveral ports in each diftricl, a certificate of the average prices of the feveral forts of corn, and of oatmeal, made up and computed from the returns of fuch dif-tri£t, and the refpeftive collectors, or other chief officers, are ■ hereby required to receive and enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuftom houfe thereto belonging, to which all perfons may refort, and the importation of each fort of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the payment of the duty thereon, within that dill-rid, fhall be governed and regulated by fuch average prices, in the manner herein-before directed, until new average prices fhall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof tranfmitted to fuch coU Jedlors, or other chief officers, and be by them received.

LXII. And whereas it will be highly ujeful that cm account [hould be obtained of the prices at which the fever al forts of corn and of oat-meal are fold in the feveral inland and other counties of this kingdom,

T 4.	from

Hosted by

Google

a8o

Accounts of the prices of corn to be taken in the feveral places herein mentioned;

for each of which an in-fpedtor of corn returns to be appointed, &c.

Anno regni tricefim6 prirao Ge6ROH III. c, 30. [1791.

from which returns of the prices of corn and of oatmeal are not herein* bfore directed to be made, in order that a regifer thereof may be formed and publijhed, for the information and benefit of his Majefty’s Jitbjefts', be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the prices of each fort of corn and of oatmeal (hall be taken in the manner herein-after di-re&ed, in the feveral cities and towns within the counties, ridings, and divifions, herein-after named ; (that is to fay); in the county of Effex \ .Chelmsford, Colchejler, and Rumford: in the county of Kent; Maiclftone, Canterbury, and Dartford: in the county of Suffex; Chichefter, Lewes, and Rye : in the county of Berks; Reading, Newbury, and Windfor: in the county of Bedford; Bedford, Woobum, and Pott on : in the county of Buckingham; Aylejbury, Wycomb, and Newport Pagnell: tn the county of Derby; Derby, Chefterfield, and AJhburn; in the county of Hertford; Hertford, Bijhops _ Stortford, and Roy ft on: in the county of Hereford; Hereford, Leominfter, and Rofs: in the county of Huntingdon ; Huntingdon, Saint Ives, and Saint Neofs:

. in the county of Leicefter\ Leicefter, AJhby-de-la~Zoucb, and Hinckley: in the county of Middlefex ; Uxbridge, Staines, and Brent* ford; in the county of Northampton; Northampton, Wellingborough, and Peterborough: in the county of Nottingham \ Nottingham, Newark, and Mansfield: in the county of Oxford; Burford, Henley, and Oxford: in the county of Rutland; Oakham and Upping* ham: in the county of Salop-, Ludlow, Shrewfburyy and Whitchurch: in the county of Stafford; Newcaflle, Stafford, and Burton upon Trent: in the county of Surrey; Croydon, Kingjlon, and Reigate: in the county of Warwick; Coventry, Warwick, arid Birmingham: in the county of Worcefter; Worcefler, Evejham, and Kidderminfter: in the county of Wilts\ Sali/bury. Devizes, and Marlborough : in the weft riding of the county of Leeds, Halifax, and Doncajler: in the county of Brecon ; Brecknock and Builthj. in the county of Montgomery; Montgomery and Pool: in the county of Radnor; Knighton and P reft eigne,

LXIII. And be it enadted, That the juftices of the peace for every fuch county, riding, or divifion laft mentioned, and the mayor or other chief officer, and juftices of the peace, of every fuch laft mentioned city or town, which is a county of itfelf, or has or enjoys an exempt jurifdiction, and which does not contribute to the rate of the county, riding, or divifion in which it is fituated, at their general quarter feflions to be held after the feaft of Saint John the Baptift, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, or at any adjournment thereof, or at fome fubfequent feffions, fball, and they are hereby authorifed and required to appoint fuch perfon as fhall appear to them beft qualified for that purpofe, within their refpedlive jurifdidlions, not being a miller, maltfter, fadlor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other perfon dealing in corn for fale, or for the fale of meal, flour, malt, or bread made thereof, refiding within or near each and every of the cities or towns fo nominated as aforefaid, to collect weekly an account of the average prices of each fort: of corn, and of oatmeal fojd in fuch city or town, and the perfon fo> to be appointed fhall be called

Hosted by Google

28i

1791.] Anno regni tricafimo primo Georgii Til. ci 30.

Infpedor of Corn Returns for fuch city or town refpedlively ; and the faid juftices, and mayor or other chief officer fcnd juftices, ftiall, and they are hereby required, in the fame manner, from time to time, upon the death, removal, or refignation of any fuch infpedtor, to appoint fome other fit and proper* perfon as aforefaid, to be infpeclor of corn returns for fuch city or town ; and until fuch appointment can be made at the felfions as before directed, two juftices of any fuch county, riding, or divifion, and the mayor or other chief officer of any fuch city or town, may, upon fuch vacancy, appoint an infpe£tor in the fame manner as is herein-before provided with reipedt to the infpe&ors for the cities and towns in the faid maritime counties Upon any fuch vacancy.

LXIV. And be it further enadled, That every fuch infpedtor, Suchinfpeo* before he enters on the execution of his office,Thai 1 take the fol- tors to take lowing oath, or, being of the people called Quakerr, affirm,thefo videlicet:

I A. B. do /wear*, (or affirtn), 'That I will, at all ti?nes, make due Oath.

and true returns to the receiver of corn returns appointed by virtue of an act, pajfed in the thirty-firfi year of his majejiy King George the ‘third, intituled^ [Here let forth the title of the a£l], of the average prices of each fort of corn and of oatmealfold at the market held at	; and that I will in all things, to the beft of

my fkill and judgement, conform myfelf as infpeClor of corn returns, to the directions, of the faid ati.

Which oafh or affirmation, any one juftice of the peace of every fuch county, riding, or divilion, or the mayor or other chief officer in fuch city or town, is hereby authoriled and required to adminifter; and every fuch infpeCtor (hall and may be removed in Such infpec-the fame manner, and for the fame caufes as is herein-before tors may be directed with refpedl to the infpedtors for the cities and towns in removed. the faid maritime counties.

LXV. And be it further enadted, That every fuch infpedlor Such infpee-fliall duly and regularly enter in a book or books to be provided	th^re-

and kept for that purpofe, an account of the average weekly prices Ceiver of corn of each fort of corn and of oatmeal according to the refpedlive returns, a -meafures in table D, and fhall return to the receiver of corn re- weekly ac-turns herein-after to be appointed, on the Tuefday in each week, count of an account of the average weekly prices of the feveral forts of 0f co^n and corn and of oatmeal fold in the city or town for which he is ap- oatmeal fold pointed infpeclor, on pain of forfeiting, for every negledt therein, intheirrefpec-the fum of ten pounds; which account fhall be lodged with, and remain in the cuftody of the faid receiver of corn returns for the. y purpofes of this adl.	‘

LX VI. And he it further enabled, That the faid receiver of Receiver of corn returns (hall, and he is hereby required to enter fuch returns corn r^turns

*	*	j	\	to C'llllc HU

of the faid prices of each fort of corn and of oatmeal recei ved from abftradl of the the counties, cities, and towns herein-before la ft mentioned, average prices fairly in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and ortce in to he inftrted every week to caufe an abftract of the average prices made up ^^^Ynd^

anc* trail fmit cer-

Hosted by Google

Anno regni trlcefimo primo Georgii Til. c. 30. [ 179r»

tifi cates of the and computed in manner herein-before refpedtively diredted from all the returns received, as well from the feveral diftridts of the faid maritime counties of Great Britain, as from the counties, cities, and towns herein-before laft mentioned, to be publiftied in the London Gazette, in the manner and form that {hall be approved by the lords of his Majefty’s moll honourable privy council, appointed for the confideration of all matters relating to trade and foreign plantations; and (hall, four times in every year, tranfmit a certificate to the treafurer of each refpedtive county, riding, divifion, and ftewartry, and the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, and to the mayor, or other chief magiftrate of fuch cities and towns as are counties of tbemfelves, or have or enjoy exempt jurifdietion, and which do not contribute to the rate of the county, riding, or divifion in which they are fituated, of the returns which have been made by the feveral perfons appointed to make the fame, within each fuch county, riding, divifion or ftewartry, city or town refpedtively; and alfo whether fuch returns have been regularly made, according to the directions of this adt.

Places for	LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the juftices of

taking the the peace at any quarter feffions {hall think it neceflary or expc-£-0^ dient that any other cities or towns ftiould be appointed either in changed with t^le maritime counties, ridings, or divifions, or in the counties, the approba- ridings or divifions laft mentioned, in that part of the united tion of the kingdom called England, for taking the prices of corn and oat-King in coun- mea[ jn 1Tjanner herein-before diredted, in (lead of any of the cities or towns named in this a61, and fuch juftices, at their faid feffions, fhall diredt a reprefentarion to be made to his Majefty for the above purpofe, fuch city or town fo propofed and named by them in fuch reprefentation, mail, upon the approbation of his Majefty in council being fignified to them, be deemed to be and become a city or town for taking the prices of corn and oatmeal, in manner herein-before directed, inftead of any of the cities or towns propofed by them to be omitted.

Returns from LXVIII. And be it further enadled, That if returns con-two thirds of formable to the diredtions of this act {hall be made to the receiver caclftfiftri^1 corn returns) from not lefs t^ian two thirds of the cities or to be fufficient	towns from which	returns are to be made in each refpedlive differ forming	tridl of that part of Great Britain called England\ or from not lefs

the average	than two thirds of	the counties or ftewartry from which returns

?11CCS’	are to be made in	each refpedlive diftridl of that part of Great

Britain called Scotland, fuch number of returns made conformable to the directions of this a6l in every fuch diftridl, {hall be deemed to be fufficient for forming the average prices by fuch receiver of corn returns, for the purpofes of governing and regulating the importation of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the payment, of the duty thereon, and the exportation of Briti/h corn, and other articles, as aforefaid, and payment of the bounty thereon in every fuch diftridl:.

The average LXIX. And be it further enadled, That in cafe a fufficient diftrids whfth nurn^er returns, conformable to the directions of this act, {hall

not

rtturns received, four times in the year, to the county trea-furer, &c.

Hosted by Google

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c.	283

not be made from any one-or more of the before-mentioned dif- have fent re- . trices, fo as to enable the receiver of corn returns to compute and Jranfmlttecfa# make up the average prices of corn and of oatmeal for fuch dif- tpe gUjcje f0[. tricSk or diftri£ts, in manner herein-before directed ; or in cafe no importation, copy of the account of the average prices of the feveral forts of &c- in the dif-" corn and of oatmeal, fold and delivered within the city of London, and fuburbs thereof, be tranfmitted to the receiver of corn returns clcnt returns by the inlpecfor appointed for the fa id city of London, in manner have not been herein-before airedded, the faid receiver of corn returns {hall, and received, &c. he is hereby authorifed and required, in every fuch cafe, to compute, from the quantities and prices of the feveral forts of corn and of oatmeal in jthe accounts returned to him from all the other parts of the kingdom, the average price of each fort of corn and of oatmeal, and to tranfmit a certificate thereof to the collectors or chief officers of the ports of every fuch diftried, from which fufficient returns, conformable to the directions of this act, fliall not have been made, and according to fuch average prices contained in fuch certificate, the importation of corn, meal, and flour, and payment of the duty thereon, and the exportation of com, and of the other articles, as aforefaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon, lhallbe governed and regulated in every fuch diidridl till a new certificate, conformable to the directions cf this a6t, fhall be tranfmitted to fuch collectors or chief officers, and be by them received.

LXX. And be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid.

That his Majcfty, his heirs and fuccefiors, be, and he and they When the par-; is and are hereby authorifed, with the advice of his or their privy fiament is not council, at any time when parliament is not.fitting, and when the fitting, if the average price of any fort of corn or of oatmeal, taken from the of^ylort^ returns of the whole kingdom, is higher than the price at or or corn, above which foreign corn, meal, or flour of the fame fort is al-	fhould

lowed by law*to be imported at the low duties fpecified in the	that at

table marked/), to prohibit generally, for a limited time, the expor- w^ch the tation from this kingdom of any fort of corn, or other articles, as fame fort of aforefaid, and in like manner to permit generally the importation, foreign corn on the lowed: duties then payable, of any fort of foreign corn, meat, ^tJ^oiTthe or flour; and in like manner torecal fuch prohibition, or permiifion, low duties in if circumftances fhall appear fo to require; and if any perfon fhall table D, the import or export any corn, or other articles, as aforefaid, con- King in conn-trary to fuch prohibition or permiifion of his Majefty, by and ^iVe^xjrta^1* with .the advice of his privy council, the perfon fo importing or tion, &c. exporting the fame fhall be Subject and liable to the like forfeitures and penalties, and the faid corn, or other articles, and the fliip or vefiel in which the fame fliall be imported or exported, fhall be fubjedc and liable to the like forfeitures as if the faid corn, or other articles, were imported or exported contrary to the provifions of this or any other a<St: provided always, That as often as the importation of any fort of corn, meal, or flour, on the low duties,

.fhall be permitted by his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, fuch permiifion fliall

con-

Hosted by Google

234 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791;

continue in force for the fpace of three months, at leaft, from the

date of the order of council made for that purpofe.

Prohibition LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the

not to extend power hereby granted to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors,

with the advice of his or their privy council, to prohibit the excorn imported	.	_ i . . ,	. rVJr r 7 r .	.	.

and ware- portation from this Kingdom of any fort of corn, or other articles,

lieufed. as aforefaid, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or flour, that fhall have been imported, and fhall be warehoufed in manner, and on the conditions hereinbefore mentioned.

His Majefty in council may, in the cales before mentioned, permit the carrying coaftwife, &c. of corn, as is herein-before allowed when the exportation is prohibited on account of the prices being at or above the prices in table B.

LXXII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit the carrying coaftwife, or carrying out, or the exportation of the feveral forts of corn, and other articles herein-before mentioned, for any of the purpofes before mentioned, in like manner, and in the fame proportions and quantities, and from and to the fame ports and places as is herein-before allowed at fuch times as any of the feveral forts of corn, or other articles before mentioned, are prohibited to be exported by reafon of the price of any fuch fort of corn being at ox above the price mentioned in table By fubjeft to the like fecurities, conditions, regulations, and reftriftions, forfeitures and penalties, as are required and impofed by this aft, or by any other aft now in force, in any of the cafes hereinbefore mentioned.

Copies of orders in council to be laid before parliament.

How infpcc-tors in England are to be paid.

LXXIII. And be it enafted, That copies of fuch orders, made by his Majefty in council for the purpofes aforefaid, be laid before both houfes of parliament within fourteen days after the meeting of the next feflion of parliament.

LXXIV. And be it further enafted, That the infpeftors appointed in purfuance of this aft, in the feveral before mentioned counties, ridings, and divifions of that part of Great Britain called England.) (hall be paid quarterly, out of the county rates for every fuch county, riding, or divifion, by the treafurer thereof, and the infpeftors of every fuch city or town which is a county of itfelf, or has or enjoys an exempt jurifdiftion, and which does not contribute to the rate of the county, riding, or divifion, in which it is fituated, (hall be paid in like manner quarterly from the poor rates, by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the feveral parifties or townfliips within fuch city or town, and the jurifdiftion thereof, (the contribution from the refpeftive pa-* rifhes or townfliips to be apportioned by the mayor or other chief officer of fuch city or town, with liberty to the churchwardens and overfeers of any fuch parifti or townfhip, if they fhall objeft to fuch apportionment, to appeal to the next quarter feflions of the peace for fuch city or towil), a fum not exceeding five {hillings, for each return from any city or town in the maritime counties of that part of Great Britain called England\ certified to the treafurer of fuch county, riding, or divifion, or to the mayor or other chief magiftrate of fuch city or town, by the receiver of

corn

Hosted by Google

I79I*1 Anno regni tricefimo primo GeorGii III. c. 30.	285

corn returns, to have been properly made; and a fum not exceeding two (hillings for each return from any of the cities or towns in the feveral inland or other counties laft before mentioned, and fo certified to have been properly made; which certificates the faid receiver of corn returns is hereby required to make quarterly; except in fuch cafes where fuch juftices in fuch county, riding, or divifion, or mayor or other chief officer or juftices in fuch city or town, (hall think fome larger compenfa-tion (hall be neceffaryin confideration of the great trouble to which any fuch infpedtor (hall be fubjedt: which fums of money any fuch treafurer, and fuch churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, after the apportionment has been made between the refpedtive pari(hes, in manner before directed, is and are hereby authorifed and required to pay, upon' receiving fuch certificate, and the fame (hall be allowed in their refpedtive accounts; and that the afld fherifFs ftieriff depute of the counties, and the fteward depute of the ftewartry, or his fubftitute, in that part of Great Britain called *	*

Scotian^ (hall be entitled to receive quarterly, out of the publick rate or cefs of every fuch county or ftewartry, a fum not exceeding twenty (hillings for each monthly return, certified by the receiver of corn returns to the treafurer of fuch county or ftewartry, to have been properly made according to the directions of this adf, by every fuch (heriff depute, fteward depute, or fubftitute, for defraying the charges incurred in making fuch returns, which fums of money the treafurer of every fuch county or ftewartry is hereby authorifed and required to pay, upon receiving fuch certificate, and the fame (hall be allowed in his account.

LXXV. And be it further enadted, That the faid receiver of Receiver of corn returns (hall, at the end of every year, tranfmit to the re- tran^mit19^ ceiver general of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England, a certificate the end of’ of the number of returns which have been properly made to him each year, a according to the directions of this adt, in the courfe of every fuch certificate of year, from every county, riding, divifion, city, or town which ^urn^he has are counties of themfelves, or have and enjoy exempt jurifdidtion ftcejvec|, to as aforefaid refpedtively, in that part of Great Britain called Eng- the receiver land; and he (hall, in like manner, tranfmit to the receiver ge- general of the neral of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, a certificate of the £„ft?and and number of returns which have been properly made to him, ac- Scotland recording to the directions of this adt, in the courfe of every fuch fpedtively, year, from every county, and the ftewartry in that part of Great who are to Britain called Scotland refpedtively; and fuch receiver general of the cuftoms in England (hall, on an order from the commif- ™°cedby the fioners of the cuftoms, or any four of them, forthwith repay, out county trea-of the monies in his hands, arifing from the duties on foreign furers, &c. corn, meal, and flour imported (an account of which duties he is to keep feparate, and to retain in his hands fo much of the produce thereof as (hall be fufficient for that purpofe) to the trea-furers of the feveral maritime counties, ridings, or divifions of that part of Great Britain called England, and to the mayor or other chief officer of the cities or towns locally fituated within the faid counties, that are counties of themfelves, or have and

enjoy

Hosted by Google

County trea-furers, &c. to difpofe of the money fo received, in the manner herein mentioned.

If the duties on. foreign corn imported are infuf-ficient to make the aforefaid repayment, the receiver general to make up the deficiency.

Treafurv to appoint a receiver of corn returns;

Anno regm tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

enjoy an exempt jurifdicHoii as aforefaid, a fum not exceeding five (hillings for every return certified to him by the faid receiver of corn returns to have been properly made according to the directions of this acr in the collide of every fuch year, by the inlpec-tors of every fuch county, riding, divifion, city, or town respectively; and a fum not exceeding two fail lings for every return from any of the cities or towns in the feveral inland and other counties lair before mentioned, fo certified to have been properly made; and fuch receiver general of the cuftoms in Scotland (hall, on an order from the commiflioners of the cufloms, or any three of them, in like manner repay, out of the monies in his hands, arifmg from the duties on foreign corn, meal, or flour imported (an account of which duties he is to keep feparate, and to retain in his hands fo much of the produce thereof .as (hall be fuflicient for that purpofe) to the treafurers of the feveral counties, and the ftewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, a fum not exceeding twenty (hillings for every return certified to him by the faid receiver of corn returns to have been properly made according to the directions of this act, in the courfe of every fuch year, by every fuch fherifF depute, fteward depute, or his fubdilute of every fuch county or ftewartry; and every fuch treafurer in the feveral counties of England (hall carry the fum fo received by him to the account of the rate of every fuch county, riding, or divifion refpefitively; and every fuch mayor or other chief officer of the feveral cities or towns which are counties of them-felves, or have and enjoy an exempt jurifdifition as aforefaid,'(hall repay the fum fo received by him to the churchwardens and over-feers of the poor of the feveral parifhes or townfhips in every fuch city or town, in proportion to the fums which every fuch parifh or totvnfhip (hall have refpedively contributed for the payment of the infpefiior appointed for every fuch city or town, to be carried to the account of the poor rates of every fuch parifh or townfhip refpedtively ; and every fuch treafurer of the feveral counties, and of the ftewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland., fhall carry the fums fo received by him to the account of the publick rate or cefs of every fuch county or ftewartry refpedively, and the faid receivers of the cuftoms in England and Scotland (hall be re-fpefiiively allowed fuch payments in their feveral accounts.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe the monies arifing by the duties on foreign corn, meal, and flour, imported, (hall not be diffident to make the repayment aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England., or any four or more of them, and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland., or any three or more of them refpedHvely, to order the receiver general to make up fuch deficiency out of any other money in his hands, arifing from the duties of cuftoms ; and the faid receiver general of the cuftoms in England and Scotland fhall be refpedively allowed fuch payments in their feveral accounts.

LXXVIL And be it further ena&ed, That the lord high treafurer, or the lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, for tfie time being, or any three or more them, fhall from time to

time

Hosted by Googk

1791.]] Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 30.	287

time appoint a fit and proper perfon for executing the office of receiver of corn returns according to the directions of this add, with fuch falary and allowance as {ball be deemed by them to be a proper and fufficient compenfation for his time and trouble in executing the faid office.

LXXVIII. And be it further enadted, That fuch receiver of who is to take corn returns, before he enters on the execution of his office, fhall the following take the following oath ; (videlicet),

I A. B. do fiuear, That I will, to the heft of my fkill and know* Oath,

'ledge, execute the office of receiver of corn returns, according to the directions of an aft paffed in the thirty-firjl year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of the add], and in all things confonn myfelf as receiver of corn returns to the proviftons of the faid aft.

Which oath any juftice of the peace for the county of MiddlefeXj is hereby impowered and required to adminifter.

LXXIX And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful Receiver of for the faid receiver of corn returns to fend by the poft to any to fend^nd5 part of this kingdom, any printed papers, containing an account receive papers or abftradd of the average prices of corn, or any of the other arti- onthebufmefs cles aforefaid, taken from the returns tranfmitted to him by vir- of this act, tue of this add, in covers open at the fides, which fhall be figned ^nder^certain* by him on the outfide thereof, free from the duty of poftage; and restrictions, to receive and fend all his letters and packets, from and to the in-fpeddors appointed by virtue of this add, and from and to the clerks of the peace in the feveral counties, ridings, and divifions in Eng-land, and from and to the fheriffs or Reward depute of the counties and the ftewartry in Scotland, and from and to the collectors and other chief officers of the cuftoms, and from and to the mayors or other chief officers of the cities and towns that are counties of themfelves, or have and enjoy an exempt jurifdiddion as aforefaid, and from and to the treafurer of the feveral counties, ridings, divifions, and ftewartry as aforefaid, on the bufmefs in which he is employed in purfuance of the directions of this add, free from the duty of poftage, in the fame manner, and under fuch reftridtions, as are now by law eftabliftied refpedting all other letters, packets, and printed papers, fent and received by the poll: free from the faid duty: provided neverthelefs, That all letters and packets fo fent by the faid receiver of corn returns, fhall be certified on the outfide thereof, in his hand writing, to be on the bufinefs of this add, and fhall be lealed with a leal provided for that purpofe and kept in his office, an irnpreffion or exemplification of which fhall be previoully lodged in the general poft-office; and alfo, that all letters and packets, fo received by the faid receiver of corn returns, fhall be certified on the outfide thereof, by the officers tranfmitting the fame, to be upon the bufinefs of this add, and fhall contain no other letter, paper, or thing whatfoever, than for the faid receiver of corn returns upon the bufinefs aforefaid; and it fhall and maybe lawful for his Majefty’$

Hosted -by Google

288 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791*

jefty’s poft-mafter general, his fectetary or othet officer fpecially authorifed by him, to examine and iearch all fuch letters and packets, and to charge with treble poftage any letter, paper, or thing therein contained contrary to the provifions of this adf. Collectors of LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the collectors or fend^weekft0 Pr^nc^Pa^ officers of the cuftoms, at every port in Great Britain, accounts ol fhall refpedfcively tranfmit weekly to the faid receiver of corn reef the corn, turns, an account of the quantities of the feveral forts of corn* &c.ihipt to be or of malt, meal, or flour, {hipped in their refpedlive ports in the wife at	preceding week to be carried coaftwife, with the names of the

brought coaft- or ve^e^h ^ie names of the mafters, and the ports or places wife into their in Great Britain to which fuch corn, malt, meal, or flour, was reipe&ive intended to be carried, and alfo an account of the quantities of ^°c^iver°o^e ^ ^evera^ f°rts corih malt, meal, or flour, brought coaft-cornReturns w^e *n preceding week into each fuch port, with the names who is every of the {hips or veflels, the names of the mafters, and the name of three months the port or place from whence the fame was brought; and the to tranirmt an fa{d receiver of corn returns fh^ll, at the end of every three months, ot'to^he^om- tranfmit to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England miffioners of and Scotland refpedtively, an account, to be formed and made up the cuftoms. in fuch manner as they the faid commiffioners {hall refpedtively approve, of the quantity of the feveral forts of corn, malt, meal, or flour, fhipped to be carried coaftwife from each port, or brought coaftwife into each port, of Great Britain refpedtively.

Treafuij to LXXXI. And be it further enadted, That the lord high trea-nual^ccount ^urer? or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, to be tranfmit- {hall, and they are hereby required to order and diredt that an ac-^ ted from the count of the quantities of all corn, and the other articles as afore-cuftoms to the faid, exported from Great Britain, and of all corn, meal, and flour com1 returns imPort:ed into Great Britain, together with an account of all boun-of the corn * ties ana duties paid and received thereon, be tranfmitted annually,, exported, &c. by the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland re-imported and fpedtively, to the faid receiver of corn returns, to be regiftered and dutieQ8 ^7 him in proper books to be kept for that purpofe. paid.	LXXXII.	And be it further enadted, That the buftiel by which

All com to be corn	be meafured and computed, in purfuance of the di-

meafured by redtions of this a61, {hall be the JVincheJler buftiel, and that a the Winchef- quarter fhall be deemed to conftft of eight fuch buftiels; and that terbufhel, Sec. the ju{f[ces 0f the peace of each county, riding, and divifion, and the mayor or other chief officer of the cities or towns which are counties of themfelves, or have or enjoy exempt or peculiar jurif-didtion, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the fherifF or fteward depute or fubftitute of the counties, and of the faid ftewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, {hall caufe a ftandard JVincheJler buflhel to be provided and kept in each city and town from which any returns of the prices of corn are by this adf diredted to be made; and that all duties be paid, and all bounties be paid and allowed, and all computations by meafure to be made for the purpofes of this adt, be made by the ftricken When corn and not by the heaped buftiel; and that in all cafes where corn &c. is fold by (hall be fold by weight, fifty-feven pounds avoirdupoife of wheat »	{hall

Hosted by Google

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III, c.30.	289

fhall be deemed equal to every fuch Wmchefler bufhel of wheat, weight, the and that fifty-five avoirdupoife pounds of rye fhall be deemed equal ^g^in^pecifi* to every fuch bufhel of rye, and that forty-nine avoirdupoife pounds ed tobedeem-of barley fhall be deemed equal to every fuch bufhel of barley, and ed equal to a that forty-two avoirdupoife pounds of beer or bigg fhall be deemed bufhel. equal to every fuch bufhel of beer or bigg, and that thirty-eight avoirdupoife pounds of oats fhall be deemed equal to every fuch bufhel of oats; and further, that fifty-fix avoirdupoife pounds of wheat-meal, and forty-five avoirdupoife pounds of wheat-flour, fhall be deemed equal to every fuch bufhel of unground wheat, and that fifty-three avoirdupoife pounds of rye-meal fhall be deemed equal to every fuch bufhel of unground rye, and that forty-eight avoirdupoife pounds of barley-meal fhall be deemed equal to every fuch bufhel of unground barley, and that forty-one avoirdupoife pounds of beer or bigg-meal fhall be deemed equal to every fuch bufhel of unground beer or bigg, and that twenty-two avoirdupoife pounds of oatmeal fhall be deemed equal to every fuch bufhel of unground oats; and for greater expedition in mea- The quantity furing ground corn of any fort that fhall be in facks, the proper of ground officer may make choice of and weigh two facks out of any num- to be^eter-* ber not exceeding twenty facks, and fo in proportion for any mined by greater quantity, and thereby compute the quantity of the whole: weighing two and if any doubt fhall arife, whether ground wheat entered to be facks out °f exported on bounty, ought to be confidered as wheat-meal, or t^enty* wheat-flour, fuch officer is hereby authorifed to require that a certain reafonable portion of every fack, not exceeding one peck doubts re- * out of each fack, fhall be pafled through a fieve or cloth, com- f^edting monly called A Fourteen Shilling Cloth, and if fuch ground wheat ground whe^tj fhall not pafs through fuch fieve or cloth, the fame fhall not be ^c* confidered as wheat-flour.

LXXXIII. And be it further ena<51ed, That every infpe£tor of Infpe&or of corn returns fhall, and he is hereby required to make a compa- corn returns rifon between the Winchejler meafure and the meafure commonly to ma^ a itfed in the city or town for which he is appointed infpe&or; and between the within one month after his appointment to caufe a ftatement in Winchefter writing of fuch comparifon to be hung up in fome confpicuous meafure, and place, in the market arid town-hall of fuch city or town, and from ^bere*he is time to time renew the fame if it fhall become defaced or illegible, infpe&or, &c. and fhall return a copy of the fame to the receiver of corn returns.

LXXXIV. And be it further enabled, That nothing in this The prefent a£t contained fhall exterid to alter the prefent practice of mea- practice of furing corn, or any of the articles aforefaid, to be fhipped from or	with in

to be landed in the port of London, but that the fame fhall be mea- London to fured by the fworn meters appointed for that purpofe, by whofe continue, and certificate the fearchers or other proper officers of his Majefty’s the tolls to be cuftoms are hereby impowered and required to certify the quan- Pa^* tity of corn, or other articles as aforefaid, fo fhipped or landed ; and that nothing in tfiis a& contained fhall extend to leflen or take away the tolls or duties due and payable to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or to the mayor of the faid city for the time being,

Vol. XXXVII,	U	LXXXV,	And

Hosted by

Google

290

All ads in force for fe-curing the revenue, &c. to extend to this ad*

No fee to be taken for oaths.

Dow penalties are to be recovered and applied.

Determination of juftices to be final in all cafes cognizable by them.

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.'

LXXXV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every adt of parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this adt, by which any conditions, rules, regulations, or reftridtions were made, eftablifhed, or diredted for the better fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regular importation into, or exportation from, Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying coaftwife, or from port to port, within the fame kingdom, or the entering, landing, or (hipping of any goods, wares, or mer-chandifes whatever, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this adt, (hall, and they are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effedt, and (hall be applied to the fubjedt of this a61, and for carrying the fame into execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enadted in this prefent a 61.

' LXXXVI. And be it further enadted, That no fee, (hall be taken by the clerk of any juftice of peace, or other perfon before whom any oath, affirmation, or declaration, (hall be taken or made by the directions of this adt, on account of fuch oath, affirmation^ or declaration.

LXXXVIL And be it further enadted, That all forfeitures created, and penalties inflicled, by this add for offences committed in England and Scotland refpedtively, (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfter, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh reflectively, in fuch manner, and by fuch ways, means, and methods, as penalties inflidted or forfeitures created in England and Scot-land refpedtively, for any offences againft the laws of cuftoms, may now legally be fued for, profecuted, and recovered, and the produce difpofed of in the like manner, and applied to the like ufes and purpofes, unlefs otherwife fpecially provided for by this adt: provided always. That any penalty or forfeiture inflidted by this adt on any corn fadtor, or on any dealer in corn, malt, meal, or flour, for fale as aforefaid, or on any infpedtor of corn returns, may be fued for and recovered before any two juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, or town where fuch corn fadtor, or dealer in corn, malt, meal, or flour, for fale, or infpedtor of corn returns (hall refide; and fuch two juftices (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, if, upon due proof and examination of the matter, it (hall appear to them that fuch corn fadtor* or dealer in corn, malt, meal, or flour, for fale, or infpedtor of corn returns, is guilty of the offence againft this adt then alledged againft him, to convict him thereof, and, by warrant under their hands and feals, to levy fuch penalty by diftrefs and fale of his goods and chattels, and fuch penalty (hall be applied in manner herein-before mentioned.

LXXXVIIL Provided, and it is hereby declared and enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no bill, plaint, or information, (hall be brought or fued forth in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler, for any offence againft this ftatute, in cafes where fuch offences are by this adt cognizable by juftices of the peace, relating to the fame offences, or any forfeitures or penalties

Hosted by Google

1791 *1 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.' 2gi

ties for the fame, but that the determination of the juftices of the peace in the county where fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, fhall be final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

LXXXIX. And be It further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any aftion or fait fhall be brought or commenced againft

any perfon or perfons, for any thing by him, her, or them done

by virtue or in purfuance of this a ft, fuch action or fuit fhall be

commenced within three months next after the matter or thing

done, and fhall be laid in the proper county; arid the defendant or

defendants in fuch action or fuit fhall and may plead the general General ifTuea

iffue, and give this aft and the fpeciai matter in evidence at any

trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdift fhall pals

for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall

difcontinue his, her, or their aftion or actions, or be nonfuited, or

judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer*

or other wife* then fuch defendant or defendants fhail have treble Treble cofts*

cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or

plaintiffs.

XC. And'be it further enafted, That as foon as the infpeftors As foon as in-

of corn returns, direfted by this aft to be appointed, fhall be fo fpe&ors are

appointed in each of the counties, ridings, and diviftons, and in	T,

r	.	. .	,	,	r . r ?	, -bngland, and

each of	the cities	and	towns,	being counties or themlelves, and returns made

having exempt jurifdiftion as aforefaid, of that part of Great Brifrom Scotland, tain called England., and as foon as the fheriff depute in each of the authority the counties, or the fteward depute, or his fubftitute, of the flew- turns* under artry of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall refpec- ioGeo.^.c 390 tively have made returns to the receiver of corn returns in the to ceale. manner herein-before direfted, the authority vefted in the perfons appointed to make returns by virtue of the before mentioned aft, paired in the tenth year of his Majefty’s reign, (hall ceafe in every fuch county, riding, divifion, and ftewartry refpeftively; and fur- Receiver of ther, that the receiver	of corn	returns fhall	continue once	in every C0l:-n rel:u™s

week to	make up	and	compute, from the	returns made	to him, infcrT^h^the °

either by virtue of the faid aft paffed in the tenth year of his Ma- Gazette the jefty’s reign, or by virtue of this aft, the average prices of the fe- weekly aver-veral forts of corn, and caufe an abftraft of the fame to be pub- in Nov lifhed in the London Gazette in manner herein-before direfted, till	°V*

the fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, after which day no return fhall be made to him by virtue of the faid aft palled in the tenth year of his Majefty’s reign, and fuch averages fhall from thenceforth be made up and computed, and fuch abftraft be publifhed in the London Gazette from returns made by virtue of this aft only; and further, that the Duties under duties impofed by this aft on the importation of foreign corn, this aft on the meal, and flour, and the bounties granted by this aft on the ex- ^rn^-^to0 portation of Britijh corn, and other articles as aforefaid, fhall com- commence on mence on the fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hur> Nov.15,1791, dred and ninety-one; and that the duties impofed by former laws on the importation of foreign corn, meal, or flour, and the bounties granted by former laws on the exportation of Britijh corn, or

U 2	any

Hosted by Google

292 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1792.

any of the other articles as aforefaid, and all powers granted for the purpofe of railing, levying, anfwering, and recovering the fame (fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears thereof) fhall ceafe on thefaid fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one; and that all provifions made by this aft for regulating and governing the importation of foreign corn, meal, or flour, and the duty payable thereon, and the exportation of Britijh corn, and the other articles as aforefaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon, and the carrying the fame coaftwife, fhall commence on the faid fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one; and that the regulations made by any former law, contrary to the provifions of this aft, for any of the faid purpofes, fhall ceafe on the faid fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one; and further, that the feveral provifions made by this aft for allowing and regulating the warehoufing of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the taking the fame out of fuch warehoufes for exportation, or any of the purpofes herein-before mentioned, fhall commence on the fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one; and that all provifions made in the before mentioned aft palled in the thirteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, or in any other law for allowing and regulating the warehoufing of foreign corn, meal, or flour, and taking the fame out of fuch warehoufes for exportation, or any of the purpofes therein mentioned, fhall ceafe on the faid fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one,

XCI. And be it further enafted, That fo much of an aft, pafied ’ in the laft feflion of parliament, (intituled, An aft for indemnifying all perfons u>ho have been concerned in advifmg or carrying into execution certain orders of council refpefting the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and alfo certain orders ijfued by the governor general of his Majefly’s colonies in America; andfor preventing fuits

So much of 3oGeo.3-c. I as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and

foGeo^.c 42.	C0nfe(iuence of the fame; and for making further provifons relative

to continue	thereto),	as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and

in force till grain ; and alfo the whole of another aft, pafled in the fame feflion, ^ov.15,1791. (intituled. An aft to continue^ for a limited time, certain provifons contained in an aft, made in this prefent Jeff on of parliament, intituled\ An aft for indemnifying all perfons who have been concerned in advifing or carrying into execution, certain orders of council refpefting the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and alfo certain orders ifliied by the governor general of his Majefty’s colonies in America^ and for preventing fuits in confequence of the fame; and for making further provifions relative thereto; re^ bating to the importation and exportation of corn and grain ; and to authorife his Majefy to permit the exportation of corny grain, meaf or floury and to prohibit the importation thereof on the Iovj duties), fhall continue and be in force until the fifteenth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

Before Noy. XCII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, the ex^orta^	^	at	any tlme or timeS3 before the fifteenth day o{ November

tionoi wheat* one ^oufand feven hundred and ninety-one, any fort of wheat,

wheat-

Hosted by C Dgle

f 791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgh III. c. 30.	293

wheat-flour, bifcuit, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oat- &c* fhpuld be meal, peafe or beans, fhall be prohibited to be exported from Great	in*

Britain by virtue of the faid recited afts, or of any authority council may therein given to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by and with authorife the the advice of his or their privy council, it fhall and may be law- exportation of ful, neverthelefs, for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and he ^i^ertcTal?63 and they is and are hereby authorifed, by and with the advice of lowed, to any his or their privy council, to permit and allow the exportation to place belong-any dominion, territory, plantation, colony, ifland, province, fao- to hisMa-tory, place, or fifhery, to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, be-longing, of fuch quantities of each and every fuch fort of corn and other articles as aforefaid, as hath at any time been allowed to be exported to fuch or the fame dominion, territory, plantation, colony, ifland, province, faftory, place, or fifhery, refpeftively to his Majefty belonging, by any a (ft or atfts of parliament heretofore made, and of any quantity or quantities of each and every fuch fort of corn and other articles, as aforefaid, to the ifland of New-foundland\ and to the Britifh iflands in the Weft Indies, as fhall from time to time be found neceflary and requifite for the ufe of the fifhery of the faid iftand of Newfoundland, and for the food and fuftenance of the inhabitants of the faid iflands refpe<ftively.

XCIII. And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid, and may or-That whenever the exportation of corn, grain, and other articles ^ to be° aid made thereof, on which bounties have been heretofore payable, fhall on exportation be fo permitted, and that the prices thereof refpe<ftively taken in wheneverthey the manner directed by an a<ft, pafled in the tenth year of his pre- would be al-fent Majefty’s reign, (intituled, An aft for regiftering the prices at a°We^U^er which corn is fold in the feveral counties of Great Britain, and the force. quantity exported and imported), fhall not upon an average of the returns made by virtue of the faid a<ft exceed the prices upon which bounties have been heretofore allowed on each fort refpec-tively, it fhall be lawful for his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to order that the fame bounties be allowed on each fort refpeftively, as would be allowed and payable thereon, if fuch corn, grain, or other articles, were exported under the authority of any aft or afts of parliament now in force, and fub-jeft to the fame regulations, conditions, and reftriftions, and to the fame penalties and forfeitures as are enafted and impofed in and by the faid afts.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no- Malt made or thing in this aft contained {ball extend, or be deemed or con- declared for ftrued to extend, to prohibit the exportation on bounty of fuch exportation on malt as fhall have been made or declared for exportation, on or IOj before the tenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and be exported ninety-one, (the price of barley at the time when fuch malt is on certain hereby allowed to be exported, being, in the diftrift from whence conditions, it is to be exported, at or under the price at which barley, by this aft, may be exported after the fifteenth day of November, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one), upon the proprietor or proprietors of fuch malt as aforefaid producing, to the coll^ftor or chief officer of the cuftoms at the port where fuch

U 3	maH

294

Preamble. i4Geo.3.c.S3

recited.

So much of recited a<5t as relates to the appointment of a council for Quebec, or its powers, repealed?

Within each of the intended provinces a legiflative council and aflembly to be Conft Stilted, by whole advice his Majefty may. make laws for the government of the province.

Anno regni tricefimo primo GEORGii III. c. 31. [1791.

malt as aforefaid (hall be exported, a certificate or certificates from the officer or officers of excife with whom the entry of the corn intended to be made into fuch malt as aforefaid for exportation fhali have been made, that fuch malt was actually declared or made for exportation, on or before the tenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft to repeal certain parts of an acl\ puffed in the fourteenth year of his Majefty9s reign, intituled, An a<51: for making more effectual provifion for the government of the province of fphiebec, in North America; and to make further provifion for the government of the faid province.

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a£i for making more effectual provifion for the government of the province of dfhiehec in North America: and whereas the faid aft is in many re-fpefts inapplicable to the prefent condition and circumfances of the faid province: and whereas it is expedient and neceffary that further provifion Jhould now be made for the good government and prof ferity thereof: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s inoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid abl as in any manner relates to the appointment of a council for the affairs of the faid province of ffuebec^ or to the power given by the faid act to the faid council, or to the major part of them, to make ordinances for the peace, welfare, and good government of the faid province, with the confent of his Majefty’s governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief for the time being, fhali be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And whereas his Majefty has been pleafed to Jignify, by his mef fage to both houfes of parliament, his royal intention to divide his pro-vince of Quebec into two fepar ate provinces, to be called The Province of Upper Canada, and The Province of Lower Canada; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That there fhali be within each of the faid provinces refpeclively a legiflative council, and an af-fembly, to be feverally compofed and conftituted in the manner herein-after deferibed; and that in each of the faid provinces re-fpeblively his Majefty, his heirs-or fucceflors, fhali have power, during the continuance of this abl, by and with the advice and confent of the legiflative council and aflembly of fuch provinces refpeblively, to make laws for the peace, welfare, and good government thereof, fuch laws not being repugnant.to this abl; and that all fuch laws, being pafted by the legiflative council and af-fembly of either of the faid provinces refpeblively, and aft'ented to by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftbrs, or aft’ented to in his Majefty’s name, by fuch perfon as his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftbrs, fhali from time to time appoint to be the governor, or lieutenant

governor.

Hosted by

Googk

17910 Anno regni tricefimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 31.	295

'■governor, of fuch province, or by fuch perfon as his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, {hall from time to time appoint to adminifte-r the government within the fame, fhall be,.and the fame are hereby declared to be, by virtue of and under the authority of this acl, valid and binding to all intents and purpofes whatever, within the province in which the fame fhall have been fo palled.

III.	And belt further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That His Majefty for the purpofe of conftituting fuch legiflative council as aforefaid ™aY authorife in each of the faid provinces reflectively, it fhall and maybe law- ore]ieuten^nt> fu.1 for his Majefty, his heirs or fuccelTors, by aninftrument under governor ol* his or their fign manual, to authorife and direct the governor or each province, lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government in to hurnmon each of the faid provinces refpeblively, within the time herein- {h^eg^fln^ve' after mentioned, in his Majefty’s name, and by an inftrument council." under the great feal of fuch province, to fummon to the faid legiflative council, to be eftablifhed in each of the faid provinces refpeblively, a fufficient number of difcreet and proper perfons, being not fewer than feven to the legiflative council for the province of Upper Canada, and not fewer than fifteen to the legislative council for the province of Lower Canada; and that it fhall alfo be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or fuccelTors, from time to time, by an inftrument under his or their fign manual, to am-thorife and direbl the governor or lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government in each of the faid provinces re-fpebliveiy, to fummon to the legiflative council of fuch province, in like manner, fuch other perfon or perfons as his Majefty, his heirs or fuccelTors, fhall think fit; and that every perfon who fhall be fo fummoned to the legiflative council of either of the laid provinces refpeblively, (hall thereby become a member of fuch legifla-tive council to which he fhall have been fo fummoned.

IV.	Provided-always, and be it enabled by the authority afore-

faid, That no perfon fhall be fummoned to the faid legiflative No perfon uncouncil, in either of the faid provinces, who fhall not be of the	y^ar^

full age of twenty-one years, and a natural-born fubjebl of his be fummoned. Majefty, or a fubjebl of his Majefty naturalized by a61 of the Bri-

tijh parliament, or a fubjebl of his Majefty, having become fuch by the conqueft and feftion of the province of Canada.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Members to every member of each of the faid legillative councils fhall hold his holdtheirieats feat therein for the term of his life, .but fubjebl neverthelefs to the or 1 e* provifions herein-after contained for vacating the fame, in the

cafes herein-after fpecified.	.

-VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That His Majefty whenever his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, fhall think proper may annex to to confer upon any fubjebl of the crown of Great Britain, by let-ters patent under the great feal of either of the faid provinces, any nomyEHerTglit hereditary title of honour, rank, or dignity of fuch province, de- of being fum-fcendible according to any courfe of defcent limited in fuch letters moned to the patent, it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his. heirs or fuccefTors, to annex thereto, by the faid letters patent, if his Ma-	*

U 4	jefty.

296 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. [1791.

jefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, fhall fo think fit, an hereditary right of being fummoned to the legiflative council of fuch province, defcendible according to the courfe of defcent fo limited with re-fpedf to fuch title, rank, or dignity; and that every perfon on whom fuch right fhall be fo conferred, or to whom fuch right Ihall feverally fo defeend, fhall thereupon be entitled to demand from the governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government of fuch province, his writ of fummons to fuch legiflative council, at any time after he {hall have attained the age of twenty-one years, fubjedt neverthelefs to the provifions hereinafter contained.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authority Such defeend- aforefaid, That when and fo often as any perfon to whom fuch ^ght j°r~ hereditary right fhall have defeended fhall, without the permiflion a e , an	^	hi$	heirs	or	fucceflbrs, fignified to the legiflative

council of the province by the governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government there, have been abfent from the faid province for the fpace of four years continually, at any time between the date of his fucceeding to fuch right and the time of his applying for fuch writ of fummons, if he fhall have been of the age of twenty-one years or upwards at the time of his fo fucceeding, or at any time between the date of his attaining the faid age and the time of his fo applying, if he fhall not have been of the faid age at the time of his fo fucceeding; and alfo when and fo often as any fuch perfon fhall at any time, before his applying for fuch writ of fummons, have taken any oath of allegiance or obedience to any foreign prince or power, in every fuch cafe fuch perfon fhall not be entitled to receive any writ of fummons to the legiflative council by virtue of fuch hereditary right, unlefs his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, fhall at any time think fit, by inftrument under his or their fign manual, to diredt that fuch perfon fhall be fummoned to the faid council; and the governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government in the faid provinces refpebHvely, is hereby authorifed and required, previous to granting fuch writ of fummons to any perfon fo applying for the fame, to interrogate fuch perfon upon oath touching the faid feveral particulars, before fuch executive council as fhall have been appointed by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, within fuch province, for the affairs thereof.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority feats in coun- aforefaid. That if any member of the legiflative councils of either cil vacated in of the faid provinces refpedtively fhall leave fuch province, and certain cafes,	refide	out of the fame for the fpace of four years continually,

without the permiflion of his Majefty, his heirs or fuccelfors, fignified to fuch legiflative council by the governor or lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering his Majefty’s government there, or for the fpace of two years continually, without the like permiflion, or the permiflion of the governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government of fuch province, fignified to fuch legiflative council in the manner aforefaid, or if any fuch

mem-

Hosted by Google

1791.3 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii IIL c. 51.	297

member (hall take any oath of allegiance or obedience to any foreign prince or power; his feat in fuch council (hall thereby become vacant*

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That in every cafe where a writ of fummons to Hereditary fuch legiflative council (hall have been lawfully withheld from any rights and perfon to whom fuch hereditary right as aforefaid fhall have de-

fcended, by reafon of fuch abfence from the province as aforefaid, cated, to re-or of his having taken an oath of allegiance or obedience to any main fufpend-foreign prince or power, and alfo in every cafe where the feat in during the fuch council of any member thereof, having fuch hereditary right °g ^ Qn as aforefaid, fhall have been vacated by reafon of any of the caufes their deaths to herein-before fpecified, fuch hereditary right fhall remain fufpended go to the per-during the life of fuch perfon, unlefs his Majefty, his heirs or fuc- *?ns next m* ceflors, fhall afterwards think fit to dire£l that he be fummoned tberetcu to fuch council; but that on the death of fuch perfon fuch right, fubjedl to the provifions herein contained, fhall defcend to the perfon who fhall next be entitled thereto, according to the courfe of defcent limited in the letters patent by which the fame fhall have been originally conferred*

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That if any member of either of the faid legiflative Seats in coun-councils (hall be attainted for treafon in any court of law within oil forfeited, any of his Majefty’s dominions, his feat in fuch council fhall hercdi-thereby become vacant, and any fuch hereditary right as aforefaid extinguifhed, then veiled in fuch perfon, or to be derived to any other perfons for treafon. through him, fhall be utterly forfeited and extinguifhed.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority Queftions re-aforefaid, That whenever any queftion fhall arife reflecting the fpe&ing the right of any perfon to be fummoned to either of the faid legiflative J^ght to be councils refpedtively, or refpedting the vacancy of the feat in fuch co^^ft&c0 legiflative council of any perfon having been fummoned thereto, to be deter-every fuch queftion fhall, by the governor or lieutenant governor mined as hereof the province, or by the perfon adminiftering the government m mentioned, there, be referred to fuch legiflative council, to be by the faid

council heard and determined; and that it fhall and maybe lawful either for the perfon defiring fuch writ of fummons, or refpe£ting whofe feat fuch queftion fhall have arifen, or for his Majefty’s attorney general of fuch province in his Majefty’s name, to appeal from the determination of the faid council, in fuch cafe, to his Majefty in his parliament of Great Britain; and that the judgement thereon of his Majefty in his faid parliament fhall be final and conclufive to all intents and purpofes whatever.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That The governor the governor or lieutenant governor of the faid provinces refpec- of the province tively, or the perfon adminiftering his Majefty’s government ^fre^ove1 therein refpe&ively, fhall have power and authority from time to the fpeaker. time, by an inftrument under the great feal of fuch province, to conftitute, appoint, and remove the fpeakers of the legiflative

councils of fuch provinces refpeftively.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, His Majefty

for may authorifc

Hosted by Google

the governor to call together the af-femblyj

and, for the

purpofe of ele&ing the members, to iffue a proclamation dividing the province into diftridts, &c.

Power of the governor to appoint returning officers, to continue two years from the commencement of this ad.

Anno regni tricefimo prime Georgxi HI. c. 31. [1791*

for the purpofe of conftituting fuch aflembly as aforefaid, in each of the faid provinces refpedtively, it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his ffieirs or fucceflors, by an inftrument under his or their fign manual, to authorife and diredt the governor or lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government in each of the faid provinces refpedtively, within the time herein after mentioned, and thereafter from time to time, as occalion fhall require, in his Majefty’s name, and by an inftrument under the great feal of fuch province, to fummon and call together an aflembly in and for fuch province.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, for the purpofe of eledting the members of fuch affemblies refpedtively, it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, by an inftrument under his or their iign manual, to authorife the governor or lieutenant governor of each of the faid provinces refpedtively, or the perfon adminiftering the government therein, within the time herein-after mentioned, to iflue a proclamation dividing fuch province into diftridts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townfhips, and appointing the limits thereof, and declaring and appointing the number of reprefentatives to be chpfen by each of fuch diftridts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townfhips refpedtively; and that it fhall alfo be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, to authorife fuch governor or lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government, from time to time to nominate and appoint proper perfons to execute the office of returning officer in each of the faid diftridts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townfhips refpedtively; and that fuch divifion of the faid provinces into diftridts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townfhips, and fuch declaration and appointment of the number of reprefentatives to be chofen by each of the faid diftridts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townfhips refpedtively, and alfo fuch nomination and appointment of returning officers in the fame, fhall be valid and eftedftual to all the purpofes of this adt, unlefs it fhall at any time be otherwife provided by any adt of the legiflative council and aflembly of the province, aflented to by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors.

XV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the provifion herein-before contained, for impowering the governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government of the faid provinces refpedtively, under fuch authority as aforefaid from his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, from time to time, to nominate and appoint proper perfons to execute the office of returning officer in the faid diftridts, counties, circles, and towns or townfhips, fhall remain and continue in force in each of the faid provinces refpedtively, for the term of two years, from and after the commencement of this adt, within fuch province, and no longer; but fubjedt neverthelefs to be fooner repealed or varied by any adt of the legiflative council and aflembly of the province, aflented to by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the au-

thority

I791-] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 31.	299

thority afore laid, That ho perfon fhall be obliged to execute the No perfon ob-faid office of returning officer for any longer time than one year, returning or oftener than once, unlefs it fhall at any time be otherwife pro- 0^cer more vided by any a£t of the legiflative council and afiembly of the pro- than once, un-vince, affented to by his Majefly, his heirs or fuccefTors.	lefs otherwiie

XVIL Provided alfo, and be it enacted by the authority afore-	of	the

faid, That the whole number of members to be chofen in the province, province-of Upper Canada fhall not be lefs than fixteen, and that ^urnberof the whole number of members to be chofen in the province of members in Lower Canada fhall not be lefs than fifty.	each province*

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That writs for the election of members to ferve in the faid affeoi- Regulations blies refpedlively fhall be ifFued by the governor, lieutenant gover-nor, or perfon adminiflering his Majefty’s government within the ^<3.^ 0p faid provinces refpeblively, within fourteen days after the fealing members to of fuch inftrument as aforefaid for fummoning and calling toge- ferve in the ther fuch afiembly, and that fuch writs fhall be directed to the re- afiemblies. fpedlive returning officers of the faid diflricTs, or counties, or circles, and towns or townfhips, and that fuch writs fhall be made returnable within fifty days at farthefi: from the day on which they fhall bear date, unlefs it fhall at any time be otherwife provided by any a£I of the legiflative council and afiembly of the province, affented to by his Majefly, his heirs or fuccefTors; and that writs fhall in like manner and form be iffued for the eledtion of members in the cafe of any vacancy which fhall happen by the death of the perfon chofen, or by his being fummoned to the legiflative council of'either province, and that fuch writs fhall be made returnable within fifty days at farthefi from the day on which they fhall bear date, unlefs it fhall at any time be otherwife provided by any adl of the legiflative council and afiembly of the province, affented to by his Majefly, his heirs or fuccefTors; and that in the cafe of any fuch vacancy which fhall happen by the death of the perfon chofen, or by reafon of his being fo fummoned as aforefaid, the writ for the eledlion of a new member fhall be iffued within fix days after the fame fhall be made known to the proper office for iffuing fuch writs of eledlion.

XIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every the returning officers fo appointed as aforefaid, Returning to whom any fuch writs as aforefaid fhall be diredled, fhall, and cute writs they are hereby authorifed and required duly to execute fuch writs.

XX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That By whom the the members for the feveral diflridls, or counties, or circles of the members are faid provinces refpedlively, fhall be chofen by the majority of votes to be 010 eU* of fuch perfons as fhall leveraily be poflefled, for their own ufe ?nd benefit, of lands or tenements within fuch diflridl, or county, or circle, as the cafe fhall be, fuch lands being by them held in freehold, or in fief, or in roture, or by certificate derived under the authority of the governor and council of the province of £hie~ bee, and being of the'yearly value of forty (hillings flerling, or upwards, over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in refpedt qf the fame) and th^t the members for the leveral towns

or

Hosted by

Google

300 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. [1791,

or townfhips within the faid provinces refpedtively fhall be chofen . by the majority of votes of fuch perfons as either (hall feverally be poffefled, for their own ufe and benefit, of a dwelling houfe and lot of ground in fuch town or townfhip, fuch dwelling houfe and lot of ground being by them held in like manner as aforefaid, and being of the yearly value of five pounds fterling, or upwards, or, as having been refident within the faid town or townfhip for the fpace of twelve calendar months next before the date of the writ of fummons for the eledtion, fhall bona fide have paid one year’s rent for the dwelling houfe in which they fhall have fo re-Tided, at the rate of ten pounds fterling per annum, or upwards.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the Certain per- authority aforefaid. That no perfon fhall be capable of being bTto the af1' e^ec^e^ a member to ferve in either of the faid afi'emblies, or of fembh^s.6 a ’ fitting or voting therein, who fhall be a member of either of the

faid legiflative councils to be eftablifhed as aforefaid in the faid two provinces, or who fhall be a minifter of the church of England^ or a minifter, prieft, ecclefiaftic, or teacher, either according to the rites of the church of Rome, or under any other form or profeftion of religious faith or worfhip.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority No perfonun* aforefaid, That no perfon fhall be capable of voting at any elec-ofa^e y&TS ^on a mem^er to ferve in fuch aflembly, in either of the faid capable of* provinces, or of being eledfced at any fuch eledfion, who fhall not

be of the full age of twenty-one years, and a natural-born fubjedt of his Majefty, or a fubjedt of his Majefty naturalized by adt of the Britijh parliament, or a fubjedt of his Majefty, having become fuch by the conqueft and ceffion of the province of Canada.

XXIIL And be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon fhall be capable of voting at any eledtion of a member to ferve in fuch aflembly, in either of the faid provinces, or of being eledfed at any fuch eledtion, who fhall have been attainted for treafon or felony in any court of law within any of his Majefty’s dominions, or who ihall be within any defcription of perfons difqualified by any adt of the legiflative council and af-fembly of the province, affented to by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and h>e it further enadted by the authority Voters, if re- aforefaid, That every voter, before he is admitted to give his vote ^foUowine6 at any e^e<^*on> fhall, if required by any of the candidates, or by the returning officer, take the following oath, which fhall be adminiftered in the Englijh or French language, as the cafe may require:

voting or being eledted;

por any perfon attainted for treafon pr felony.

Oath,

I A. B. do declare and tejlifyy in the prefence of almighty God^ That I am, to the bejl of my knowledge and belief of the full age of twenty-one yearsy and that I have net voted before at this election,*

and to make And that every tuch perfon fhall alfo, if fo required as aforefaid, oa*£t0 the make oath, previous to his being admitted to vote, that he is, to hereinUfpecifi-	of	knowledge	and	belief,	duly	pofTeffed	of	fuch	lands

ed.	and

Hosted by Google

I791-) Anno regnt tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 31.	301

and tenements, or of fuch a dwelling houfe and lot of ground, or that he has bona fide been fo refident, and paid fuch rent for his dwelling houfe, as entitles him, according to the provifions of this adf, to give his vote at fuch ele&ion for the county, or dif-tridf, or circle, or for the town or townlhip for which he fhall offer the fame.

XXV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or fuc- His Majefty cefTors, to authorife the governor or lieutenant governor, or per- may autho-fon adminiftering the government within each of the faid provin- ri^e &°z ces refpedtively, to fix the time and place of holding fuch elec- thetimeand tions, giving not lefs than eight days notice of fuch time, fubjedf piace of hold-neverthelefs to fuch provifions as may hereafter be made in thefe ing eledtions, refpedts by any adt of the legiflative council and aflembly of the province, aflented to by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors.

XXVI.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid.

That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or fuc- and of holding CefTors, to authorife the governor or lieutenant governor of each Council of the faid provinces refpedlively, or the perfon adminiftering the *n(1 aflembly, government therein, to fix the places and times of holding the &c# firft and every other feflion of the legiflative council and aflembly pf fuch province, giving due and fuflicient notice thereof, and to prorogue the fame from time to time, and to diflblve the fame, by proclamation or otherwife, whenever he fhall judge it neceflary or expedient.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority Council and aforefaid. That the faid legiflative council and aflembly, in each aflembly to be of the faid provinces, fhall be called together once at the leaft in ^th^once every twelve calendar months, and that every aflembly fhall con- fn IZ months, tinue for four years from the day of the return of the writs for &c. chufing the fame, and no longer, fubjedt neverthelefs to be fooner prorogued or diflolved by the governor or lieutenant governor of

the province, or perfon adminiftering his Majefty’s government therein.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, and all quef-

That all queftions which fhall arife in the faid legiflative councils ^ons therein or aflemblies refpedlively fhall be decided by the majority of voices	the ma-^

of fuch members as fnall be prefertt; and that in all cafes where jority of votes# the voices fhall be equal, the fpeaker of fuch council or aflembly,

as the cafe fhall be, fhall have a cafting voice.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority No member aforefaid, That no member, either of the legiflative council or fit or vote aflembly, in either of the faid provinces, fhall be permitted to fit taken th^ffol-or to vote therein until he fhall have taken and fubfcribed the fol- lowing lowing oath, either before the governor or lieutenant governor of

fuch province, or perfon adminiftering the government therein, or before fome perfon or perfons authorifed by the faid governor or lieutenant governor, or other perfon as aforefaid, to adminifter fuch oath, and that the fame fhall be adminiftered in the E?iglijh or French language, as the cafe may require ;

I A, B.

Hosted by Google

302	Anno regni tricefimo primo GeoRGIi III. c. 31. [1791*

Oath.	X A. B. do fmcerely promife and/wear, That I ivill be faithfuland

JL bear true allegiance to his maje/ly King George, as lawfulfove-reign of the kingdom of Great Britain, and of thefe provinces depen- . dent on and belonging to the faid kingdom ; and that I will defend him to the utmof of ?ny power a gainf all traiterous confpiracies and attempts whatever which fall be made againf his perfony crown, and dignity; and that I will do my uimojl endeavour to difclofe and make known to his Majefy, his heirs or fucceffors, all treafons and traiterous confpiracies and attempts which 1 fall know to be againf hi?ny or any of them : and all this I do fwear without any equivocation, mental eva-fon, or fecret refervation, and renouncing all pardons and difpenfations from any perfon or power vohatever to the contrary.

. So help me G OD.

XXX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

Governormay That whenever any bill which has been paffed by the legillative give or with- council, and by the houfe of affembly, in either of the faid pro-teftv’s'alferrt v*nces refpeftteely, fhall be prefented, for his Majefty’s affent, to to bills paired the governor or lieutenant governor of fuch province, or to the by the legi- perfon adminiftering his Majefty’s government therein, fuch go-flative council vernor or lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the go-orCre£ve^> vernment, fhall, and he is hereby authorifed and required to de-them for his c^are5 according to his difcretion, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Majefty’s	provifions contained in this aft, and to fuch inftruftions as may

pleafure.	from time to time be given in that behalf by his Majeftv', his

heirs or fucceffors, that he aftents to fuch bill in his Majefty’s name, or that he withholds his Majefty’s affent from fuch bill, or that he referves fuch bill for the fignification of his Majefty’s pleafure thereon.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Governor to authority aforefaid, That whenever any bill, which fhall have tranfmit to been fo prefented for his Majefty’s affent to fuch governor, lieute-offtatefoTs nant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government, fhall, of fuch bifts^s by fuch governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering have been the government, have been affented to in his Majefty’s name, affented to, fuch governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon as aforefaid, fhall, which his Ma- anc] js hereby required, by the firft convenient opportunity, to cil mayCdeUn" tranfrnit to one °f bis Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate an clare his dif- authentick copy of fuch bill fo affented to; and that it fhall and allowance of may be lawful, at any time within two years after fuch bill fhall ^ears^onTthe ^ave been fo received by fuch fecretary of ftate, for his Majefty, receipt.0m ° bis heirs or fucceffors, by his or their order in council, to declare

his or their difallowance of fuch bill, and that fuch difallowance, together with a certificate, under the hand and feal of fuch fecretary of ftate, teftifying the day on which fuch bill was received as aforefaid, being fignified by fuch governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government, to the legillative council and affembly of fuch province, or by proclamation, fhall make void and annul the fame, from and after the date of fuch fignification.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

u	That

Hosted by Google*

1791.3 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 31.	303

That no fuch bill, which (hall be To referved for the fignification Bills reserved

of his Majefty’s pleafure thereon, fhall have any force or authority	^fure

within either of the faid provinces refpe&ively, until the governor nottohaveany

or lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government, force till his

{hall fignify, either by fpeech or meffage, to the legislative coun- Majefty’s af-

cil and affembly of fuch province, or by proclamation, that fuch ient !^e i mi 1	1	, - « 1 r	, • n * J 1	'	1	i	1	1 • t\/t mumeated to

bill has been laid before his Majeity in council, and that his Ma- tjje coimcn

jefty has been pleafed to affent to the fame; and that an entry and affembly, {hall be made, in the journals of the faid legiflative council, of &c-every fuch fpeech, meffage, or proclamation; and a duplicate thereof, duly attefted, {hall be delivered to the proper officer, to be kept amongft the publick records of the province : and that no fuch bill, which fhall be fo referved as aforefaid, fhall have any force or authority within either of the faid provinces refpedlively, unlefs his Majefty’s affent thereto fhall have been fo fignified as aforefaid, within the fpace of two years from the day on which fuch bill fhall have been prefented for his Majefty’s affent to the governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government of fuch province.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That all laws, ftatutes, and ordinances, which fhall be in force Laws in force on the day to be fixed in the manner herein-after directed for the commencement of this a6fr, within the faid provinces, or either of a(^. them, or in any part thereof refpedlively, fhall remain and con- continue fo, tinue to be of the fame force, authority, and effe6I, in each of the except repeat-Taid provinces refpedlively, as if this acft had not been made, and ^ as if the faid province of Quebec had not been divided ; except in ' 1 } fo far as the fame are exprefsly repealed or varied by thisfaci, or in fo far as the fame fhall or may hereafter, by virtue of and under the authority of this a (ft, be repealed or varied by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by and with the advice and confent of the legiflative councils and affemblies of the faid provinces refpecftive-ly, or in fo far as the fame may be repealed or varied by fuch temporary laws or ordinances as may be made in the manner hereinafter fpecified.

XXXIV.	And whereas by an ordinance paffed in the province of Quebec, the governor and council of the faid province were conflituted a court of civil jurifdiftion, for hearing and determining appeals in certain cafes therein fpecified, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the governor, or lieutenant governor, or perfon Eftabfifliment adminiftering the government of each of the faid provinces re- cfvil^uriWkf fpedlively, together with fuch executive council as fhall be ap- i^^ch pointed by his Majefty for the affairs of fuch province fhall be a province, court of civil jurifdidtion within each of the faid provinces refpec-

tively, for hearing and determining appeals within the fame, in the like cafes, and in the like manner and form, and fub-je£I to fuch appeal therefrom, as fuch appeals might before the pafling of this a£I have been heard and determined by the governor and council of the province of Quebec \ but fubjecSI neverthe-lefs to fuch further or other provifions as may be made in this behalf, by any act of the legiflative council and affembly of either of

the

Hosted by Google

Carleton, &c. and

304 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEoRGii III. c. 3?. {179

the faid provinces refpe&ively, aflented to by his Majefty, his heirs or fuccfciFors.

i4Geo.3*c.83. XXXV. And whereas, by the above-rnentioned aft, pajfed in the ancJ	fourteenth	year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, it was declared,

'That the clergy of the church of Rome, in the province- of Quebec, might hold, receive, and enjoy their accujlomed dues and rights, with refpeft to fuch perfons only as Jhould profefs the faid religion, provided neverthelefs, that it jhould be lawful for his Majejly, his heirs or fuc-cejfors, to make fuch provifion out of the ref of the [aid accujlomed dues and rights, for the encouragement of the prof eft ant region,, and for -the maintenance andfupport of a protefant clergy within the faid province, as he or they Jhould from time to time think necejfary and expe-inftru&ions of dient: and whereas by his Majefiy* s royal infir uftions, given under his Jan. 3, 1775, Majefifs royalfign manual on the third day 0/* January, in the year to fir Guy	our

Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventyfve, to Guy Carleton efquire, now lord Dorchefter, at that time his Majefifs captain general and governor in chief in and over his Majefifs province of Quebec, his Majefiy was pleafed, amongfi other things, to dire ft, u Lhat no incumbent prof effing the religion of the church of Rome, appointed to any parijh in the faid province, jhould be entitled to receive any tythes for lands or poffeffions occupied by a protefant, but that fuch tythes Jhould be received by fuch perfons as the faid Guy Carleton efquire, his Majefifs captain general and governor in chief in and over his Majefiy* $ faid province of Quebec, Jhould appoint, and Jhould be referved in the hands of his Majefiy*s receiver general of the faid province, for the fupport of a protefant clergy in his Majefiy* s faid province, to be aftually refident within the fame, and not other-wife, according to fuch direftions as the faid Guy Carleton efquire, his Majefiy*s captain general and governor in chief in and over his Majefifs faid province, Jhould receive from his Majejly in that behalf, and that in like manner all growing rents and profits of a vacant benefice Jhould, during fuch vacancy, be referved for and applied to the like inftmdtionsto ufes:** and whereas his Majefiy* s plea fure has likewife been fignifiedto fir Frederick ffoe fame efife ft in his Majefifs royal infruftions, given in like manner to fir Frederick Haldimand knight of the mofi honourable order of the Bath, late his Majefifs captain general and governor in chief in and over his Majefiy*s faid province of Quebec ; and alfo in his Majefiy*s royal infir uftions,given in like manner to the faid right honourable Guy lord Dorchefter, now his Majefiy*s captain general and governor in chief in and over his Majefifs faid province of Quebec; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid declaration and provifion contained in the faid above-mentioned a6t, and alfo the faid provifion fo made by his Majefty in confequence thereof, by his inftrudtions above recited, fhall remain and continue to be of full force and effe6t in each of the faid two provinces of Upper Rome to con Canada and Lower Canada refpe&ively, except in fo far as the tinue^nforce* declaration or provifions refpe&ively, or any part thereof, (hall be exprefsly varied or repealed by any a £t or a&s which may be paffed by the legiflative council and aflembly of the faid provinces refpe&ively, and aflented to by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, under the reflation hereih-after provided.

XXXVI. And

fir Frederick Haldimand, and to lord Dorchefter, recited;

and the declaration and provifions therein re-fpe&ing the clergy of the church of

Hosted by Google

j 791Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 31.	305'

XXXVI.	And whereas his Majejly has been gracioujly pleafed^ by His Majeftys mejfage to both houfes of parliament, to exprefs his royal defire to be en- ™ lament abled to make a permanent appropriation of lands in the faid provinces, reciied. for the fupport and maintenance of a pr defiant clergy within the famey in proportion to fuch lands as have been already granted within the fame by his Majejly: and whereas his Majejly has been gracioufy pleafed., by his faid mejfage, further to fignify his royal defire that fuch provifion may be made, with refpeCl to all future grants of land within the faid provinces refpeftively, as may bejl conduce to the due andfujfi* cient fupport and maintenance of a protejlant clergy within the faid pro*

Vinces^ in proportion to fuch increafe as may happen in the population and cultivation thereof: therefore, for the purpofe of more effectually fidfilling his Majejly's gracious intentions as aforefaid, and of provide ing for the due execution of the fame in all time to comey be it en-afted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful His Majefty for his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, to authorife the governor authorife or lieutenant governor of each of the faid provinces refpeftively, to^akcf allot-or the perfon adminiftering the government therein, to make, ments of lands from and out of the lands of the crown within fuch provinces, for the fup-fuch allotment and appropriation of lands, for the fupport and maintenance of a proteftant clergy within the fame, as may bear A eaachCpro^ a due proportion to the amount of fuch lands within the fame as yince: have at any time been granted by or under the authority of his Majefty: and that whenever any grant of lands within either of the faid provinces fhall hereafter be made, by or under the authority of his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, there fhall at the fame time be made, in refpedt of the fame, a proportionable allotment and appropriation of lands for the above-mentioned purpofe, within the townfhip or parifh to which fuch lands fo to be granted fhall appertain or be annexed, or as nearly adjacent thereto as circumflances will admit; and that no fuch grant fhall be valid or effe&ual unlefs the fame fhall contain a fpecification of the lands fo allotted and appropriated, in refpedl of the lands to be thereby granted ; and that fuch lands, fo allotted and appropriated, fhall be, as nearly as the circumftances and nature of the cafe will admit, of the like quality as the lands in refpedl of which the fame are fo allotted and appropriated, and fhall be, as nearly as the fame can be eftimated at the time of making fuch grant, equal in value to the feventh part of the lands fo granted.

XXXVII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every the rents, profits or emoluments, which may and the rent* at any time arife from fuch lands fo allotted and appropriated as arifing from aforefaid, fhall be applicable folely to the maintenance and fup- ^entiftobe port of a proteftant clergy within the province in which the fame applicable to fhall be fituated, and to no other ufe or purpofe whatever.	that purpofe

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- folely.

faid, That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or His Majefty fuccefTors, to authorife the governor or lieutenant governor	overnor^

each of the faid provinces refpedlively, or the perfon adminifter-“^^^^^,,

ing the government therein, from time to time, with the advice vice of the.

of fuch executive council as fhall have been appointed by his Ma- executive '

Vp l.XXXVII.	X	jefty,	coanca»to

Hosted by Google

3°6

efe6t parfon-ages, and endow them 5

Anno regni tricefitno primo GeorGii III. c. 31. [1791;

jelly, his heirs or fucceffors, within fuch province, for the affairs thereof, to conftitute~and erebl, within every townlhip or parilh which now is or hereafter may be formed, conftituted, or erebled within fuch province, one or more parfonage or reblory, or par-fonages or reblories, according to the eftablilhment of the church of England; and from time to time, by an inllrument under the great feal of fuch province, to endow every fuch parfonage or reblory with fo much or fuch part of the lands lb allotted and appropriated as aforefaid, in refpebl of any lands within fuch town-fhip or parilh, which {hall have been granted fubfequent to the commencement of this acl, or of fuch lands as may have been allotted and appropriated for the fame purpofe, by or in virtue of any inllrublion which may be given by his Majefty, in refpebl of any lands granted by his Majefty before the commencement of this abl, as fuch governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon admi-niftering the government, lhall, with the advice of the faid executive council, judge to be expedient under the then exilling cir-cumllances of fuch townlhip or parilh.

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it lhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-lent hi cum-6" ce^ors5 to authorife the governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon bents to adminiftering the government of each of the faid provinces them, who are refpeblively, to prefent to every fuch parfonage or reblory an into enjoy the cumbent or minifter of the church of England, who lhall have been duly ordained according to the rites of the faid church, and to fupply from time to time fuch vacancies as may happen therein ; and that every perfon fo prefented to any fuch parfonage or reblory, lhall hold and enjoy the fame, and all rights, profits* and emoluments thereunto belonging or granted, as fully and amply, and in the fame manner, and on the fame terms and conditions, and liable to the performance of the fame duties, as the incumbent of a parfonage or reblory in England.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho-Prefentations rity aforefaid. That every fuch prefentation of an incumbent or and*th^eer?68* mmi^er to any	parfonage or reblory, and alfo the enjoyment

joyment of an/ Peonage or rcvtory, and of the rights, profits, and them, to be emoluments thereof, by any fuch incumbent or minifter, lhall be fubje&to the fubjebl and liable to all rights of inftitution, and all other fpiritual jurifdiftion ancj ecclefiaftical jurifdiblion and authority, which have been law-bifhop of° 6 MlY granted by his Majelty’s-royal letters patent to the bilhop of Kova Scotia, Nova Scotia, or which may hereafter, by his Majefty’s royal au-&c.	thority, be lawfully granted or appointed to be adminiftered and

executed within the faidprovinces,or either of them refpeblively, by '	the faid bilhop oi Nova Scotia, or by any other perfon or perfons,

according to the laws and canons of the church of England, which are lawfully made and received in England.

XL I. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho-Provilions re- rity aforefaid, That the feveral provifions herein-before contained, fpebting the^ refpebling the allotment and appropriation of lands for the fupport faiKirforVhe a Prote^ant clergy within the faid provinces, and alfo refpebt-lupport of a in2 the conftituting, erebling, and endowing parfonages or rec-

a	'	caries

and the go-

fame, as incumbents in England.

Hosted by Google

x79T-] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georcii III. c. 31.	307

tories within the faid provinces, and alfo refpedling the prefenta- proteftant tion of incumbents or minifters to the fame, and alfo refpedting	varied

the manner in which fuch incumbents or minifters fhali hold and ^^peaWiby-enjoy the fame, fhali be fubjedf to be varied or repealed by any the legiflative exprefs provifions for that purpofe, contained in any adfc or adfs council and which maybe pafted by the legiflative council and aftembly of the afTembly. faid provinces refpedtively, and aflented. to by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftbrs, under the reftridlion herein-after provided.

XLII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That whenever any adt or a£!s fhali be pafted A(fts ofthe by the legiflative council and aftembly of either of the faid provin-ces, containing any provifions to vary or repeal the above-recited affembly, con-declaration and provifton contained in the faid adt pafted in the timing provi-fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; or to vary or f°ns to th.e

efte<5t herein mentioned to

repeal the above-recited provifton contained in his Majefty’s royal inftrudlions, given on the third day of January, in the year of our belaid before Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-ftve, to the faid parliament, Guy Carleton efquire, now lord Dorchejler; or to vary or repeal previous the provifions herein-before contained for continuing the force j^*fty> 1 and effedf of the faid declaration and provifions; or to vary or re- aflent,&c, peal any of the feveral provifions herein-before contained refpedL ing the allotment and appropriation of lands for the fupport of a proteftant clergy within the faid provinces; or refpedling the con-ftituting, eredling, or endowing parfonages or redfories within the faid provinces ; or refpedting the prefentation of incumbents or minifters to the fame ; or refpedting the manner in which fuch incumbents or minifters fhali hold and enjoy the fame: and alfo that whenever any adt or a6ts (hall be fo pafted, containing any provifions which fhali in any manner relate to or afFedt the enjoyment or exercife of any religious form or mode of worftiip ; or fhali impofe or create any penalties, burthens, difabilities, or dif-qualincations in refpect of the lame ; or fhali in any manner relate to or afFedt the payment, recovery, or enjoyment of any of the accuftomed dues or rights herein-before mentioned; or (hall in any manner relate to the granting, impoftng, or recovering any other dues, or ftipends, or emoluments whatever, to be paid to or for the ufe of any minifter, prieft, eccleftaftick, or teacher, according to any religious form or mode of worftiip, in refpedt of his faid office or fundtion; or (hall in any manner relate to or afFedt the eftabjifhment or difcipline of the church of England., amongft: the minifters and members thereof within the faid provinces; or fhali in any manner relate to or afFedt the King’s prerogative touching the granting the^ wafte lands of the crown -within the faid provinces ; every fuch adt or acts fhali, previous to -any declaration or fignification of the King’s alient thereto, be laid before both houfes of parliament in Great Britain; and that it fhali not be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs 'or fucceftbrs, to fignify his or their aflent to any fuch ad! or adts, until thirty days after the fame fhali have been laid before the faid houfes, or to afient to any fuch ad! or a£ts, in cafe either houfe of parliament fhali, within the laid thirtydays, addrefs his Majefty, his heirs *	•	X	2	or

Hosted by Google

Lands in Upper Canada to be granted in free and common foecage, and alio in Lower Can ad a if delired.

Perfons holding lands in UpperCanada, may have frefh grants.

Such Frefh grants, not to bar any right or title to the knds.

Anno regni tricefimo primo Gegrgij III. c. 31. f 179 r.

or fucceftor?, to withhold his or their afient from fuch aft or acts; and that no fuch aft {hall he valid or effectual to any of the faid purpofes, within either of the faid provinces, unlels the legiilalfve council and afiembly of fuch province fhall, in the fefiion in which the fame ihall have been palled by them, have prefented to the governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiftering the government of fuch province, an addrefs or addrefies, fpecifying that fuch act contains provifions for fome of the faid purpofes herein-before fpecially deferibed, and defiring that, in order to give effect to the fame, fuch aft fhould be tranfmitted to England, without delay, for the purpofe of being laid before parliament previous to the fignification of his Majefty’s aflent thereto.

XLIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore fa id, That all lands which {hall be hereafter granted within the faid province of Upper Canada (hall be granted in free and common foccage, in like manner as lands are now holden in free and common foccage, in that part of Great Britain called England\ and that in every cafe where lands fhall be hereafter granted within the faid province of Lower Canada, and where the grantee thereof {hall defire the fame to be granted in free and common foccage, the fame fhall be fo granted; but fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch alterations, with refpeft to the nature and confequences of fuch tenure of free and common foccage, as may be eftabliftied by any law or laws which may be made by his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-eeflors, by and with the advice and confent of the legiflative council and afiembly of the province.

XLIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons holding any lands in the faid province of Upper Canada, by virtue of any certificate of occupation derived under the authority of the governor and council of the province of £htebec, and having power and authority to alienate the fame, {hall at any time, from and after the compnencement of this aft, furrender the fame into the hands of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, by petition to the governor or lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiflering the government of the faid province, fetting forth that he, (he, or they is or are defirous of holding the fame in free and common foccage, fuch governor or lieutenant governor, or perfon adminiflering the government, {hall thereupon caufe.a frefh grant to be made to fuch perfon or perfons of fuch lands, to be holden in free and common foccage.

XLV. Provided neverthelefs, and he it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch furrender and grant {hall not avoid or bar any right or title to any fuch lands fo furrendered, or any intereft in the fame, to which any perfon or perfons, other than the perfon or perfons furrendering the fame, {hall have been entitled, either in pofleftion, remainder, or reverfion, or otherwife, at the time of fuch furrender; but that every fuch furrender and grant fhall be made fubjeft to every fuch right, title, and intereft, and that every fuch right, title, or intereft {hall be as valid and effeftual as if fuch furrender and grant had never been made.

XLVI. And

Hosted by Google

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III/c." 31.	309

XL VI. And whereas by an aft pajfed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An aft for removing all doubts i8G^o.3.0.1a. and apprehenfions concerning taxation by the parliament of Great recited* Britain, in any of the colonies, provinces, and plantations in North America, and the Wejl Indies; and for repealing fo much of an aft, made in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as impofes a duty on tea imported from Great Britain into any colony or plantation in America, or relates thereto, it has been declared, u That the King and parliament of Great Britain will not imp ofe any duty, tax, or affluent what ever , payable in any of his Majejiy s colonies, provinces, and plantations in North America or the Weft Indies, except only fuch duties as it may be expedient to impofefor the regulation of commerce, the net produce of fuch duties to ... be always paid and applied to and for the ufe of the colony, province, or plantation in which the fame fhall be refpeftively levied, in fuch manner as other duties colie bled by the authority of the refpeftive general courts or general ajfemblies of fuch colonies, provinces, or plantations, are ordinarily paid and appliedand whereas it is necejjary, for the general benefit of the Britifti empire, that fuch pozuer of regulation of commerce Jhould continue to be exercifed by his Majefy, his heirs or fuc-cejfors, and the parliament of Great Britain, fubjeft neverthelefs to the condition herein-before recited, with refpeft to the application of any duties which may be impofed for that purpofe be it therefore enafted This ad not to by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this aft contained fhall prevent the extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent or affeft the execu- an^a&of°ar-tion of any law which hath been or fhall at any time, be made by Hament,°eftab-his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, and the parliament of Great lifhing prohi-Britain, for eftablifhing regulations or prohibitions, or for impo- bitions or im-fing, levying, or collecting duties for the regulation of naviga-	?^uhL

tion, or for the regulation of the commerce to be carried on be- tion of naviga-tweeri the faid two provinces, or between either of the faid pro- tion andcom-vinces and any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, or be-, merce, &c. tween either of the faid provinces and any foreign country or ftate, or for appointing and directing the payment of drawbacks of fuch duties fo impofed, or to give to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, any power or authority, by and with the advice and confent of fuch legiflative councils and aftemblies refpec-tively, to vary or repeal any fuch law or laws, or any part thereof, or in any manner to prevent or obftruft the execution thereof.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the net produce of ail duties which fhall be fo Such duties to impofed fhall at all times hereafter be applied to and for the ufe °f th/ui^of the each of the faid provinces refpeftively, and in fuch manner only refpetf:iveproas fhall be direfted by any law or laws which may be made by his vinces. Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, by and with the advice and confent of the legiflative council and aflembly of fuch province.

XL VIII. And whereas, by reafon of the difiance of the faid provinces from this country, and of the change to be made by this aft in the government thereof, it may be necejfary that there Jbould be fame interval of time between the notification of this aft to the faid provinces

X 3	rejpeftivefyj

Hosted by Google

$io Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii lit. c. 32. [1791.

refpeftively, and the day of its commencement within the faid provinces

refpetiively: be it therefore ena£ted by the authority aforefaid.

His Majeftyin That it lhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, with the advice

co^cil to of his privy council, to fix and declare, or to authorifc the gover-

commence- ^ nor or ^eutenant governor of the province of Quebec, or the per-

mtnt of this fon adminiflering the government there, to fix and declare the

ad, &c. day of the commencement of this* a& within the faid provinces

refpe<dively, provided that fuch day fhall not be later than the

thirty-firft day of.December in the year of our Lord one thoufand

feven hundred and ninety-one.

XLIX. And be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid*

Time for ifiu- That the time to be fixed by his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors,

ing the writs or uncjer hjs or their authority, by the governor, lieutenant p‘o-of fummons	r	,	•	-n	• i_ &	•	, rb.

and eledion vernor, or perfon adminiliering the government in each or the

See. not to be faid provinces refpe<divefy, for ifluing the writs of fummons and

laterthanDec. ele6tion, and calling together the legifiative councils arid afiem-

31? I793'* blies of each of the faid provinces refpeciively, lhall not be later

than the thirty-firfl day of Dece?nber in the year of our Lord one

thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

L. Provided always, and be it further enatded by the authority -

Between the aforefaid, That during fuch interval as may happen between the

commence-	commencement of this aid, within the faid provinces refpecdively,

ad11 and th<T anc*	meeting of the legifiative council and aflembly of each

firft meeting of the faid provinces refpedively, it fhall and may be lawful for

of the legifla- the governor or lieutenant governor of fuch province, or for the

tive council perfon adminiliering the government therein, with the confent

tern orar^1^	major	Part	°f fuch executive council as fhall be appointed

laws may be by his Majefty for the affairs of fuch province, to make tempo-

made,	rary laws and ordinances for the good government, peace, and

welfare of fuch province, in the fame manner, and under the fame

reftriddions, as fuch laws or ordinances might have been made by

the council for the affairs of the province of Quebec, conftituted

by virtue of the above mentioned add of the fourteenth year of the

reign of his prefent Majefty; and that fuch temporary laws or

ordinances fhall be valid and binding within fuch province, until

the expiration of fix months after the legifiative council and af-

fembly of fuch province fhall have been firff affembled by virtue

of and under the authority of this add; fubjetd neverthelefs to be

fooner repealed or varied by any law or laws which may be made

by his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, by and with the advice

and confent of the faid legifiative council and aflembly.

CAP. XXXII.

An a£l to relieve, upon conditions, and under" rejlridlions, the perfons therein defer ibed, from certain penalties and difabilities to which papifls, or perfons prof effing the popijh religion, are by law fubfefi.

Preamble.	W 7HERE AS, by divers laws now in force, divers penalties and

V V difabilities have been impofed on papifts or perfons prof effing the popifh religion, or holding communion with the fee of Rome, and their

children,

Hosted by Google

x79x*3 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III, c. j2r 31i

children, and certain principles have been attributed to them which are dangerous to fociety and civil liberty, and which they are willing to difclaim: and whereas it is expedient that fuck perfons as fhall take the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and, declaration herein-after mentioned, fhall be relieved fromJo?ne of the penalties and dif abilities aforefaid ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s mo(t excellent majefey, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfembled, and by the authority. of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day Roman catho-of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, it (hall be licksmaymake lawful for perfons profeffing the Roman catholick: religion perfon- ^kration^^ ally to appear in any of his Majefty’s courts/0f chancery, king’s anc} ,oatj1> bench, common pleas, or exchequer, at Wejhninjler, or in any which are to court of general quarter feffions of and for the county, city, or remain in the place, where fuch perfon fhall refide, and there in open court, ^^TwlLre between the hours of nine in the morning and two in the after- ma(je. noon, take, make, and fubferibe the following declaration and oath; videlicet,

I A. B. do hereby declare, That I do profefs the roman catholick Declaration. religion.

I A. B. do fencer ely promife and fwear, That I will be faithful ai:d Oath.

bear true allegiance to his majefey King George the Thirds and him will defend to the utmofe of my power againfe all confpiracies and attempts whatever that fhall be made againfl his perfon^ crown, or dignity ; and I will do my utmofe endeavour to difclofe and make known to his Majefey, his heirs andfeucceffors, all treafons and iralterous confpiracies which may be formed againfe him or them : and I do faithfully promife to maintain ffupporty and defend, to the nlmojl of my power, the fucceffeon of the crown \ tvhich fucceffeon, by an aff, intituled., An a£t for the further limitation ot the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, is and /lands limited to the princej's Sophia elettrefs and duchefs dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being protefeants ; hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any obedience or allegiance unto any other perfon claiming or pretending a right to the crown of thefe realms: and I do five ar. That I do reject and detefe, as an unchrijlian and impiouspofetion, that it is lawful to murder or deferoy any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for or under pretence of their being hereticks or infidels-, and alfo that unchrijlian and impious principle, that faith is not to be kept with hereticks or infidels : and Ifurther declare, That it is not an article of 7ny faith, and that I do renounce, reject, and abjure the opinion, that princes excommunicated by the pope and council, or any authority of the fee ^fRome, or by any authority whatfoever, may be depofed or murdered by their fubjekls, or any perfon whatfoever: and I do promife^ That 1 will not hold, ?nain-tain, or abet any fuch opinion, or any other opinions contrary to what is exprejfed in this declaration : and I do declare, That I do not believe% that the pope of Rome, or any other foreign prince,prelate, ftate, or potentate, hath) or ought to have, any temporal or civil jnrfdibfion,

X 4	power%

Hosted by Google

power^ fuperlority>yor .pre-eminence^ dire Elly or tndireftly, within this . realm: and I do folannly, m the prefence of God, profefs, tejiify and declare, that I do jnake this declaration, and every part thereof \ in the plain and ordinary fenfe of the words of this oath, without any evafion, equivocation, or mental refervation whatever; andzvithout any difpen-fation already granted by the pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome, or any perfon whatever $ and without thinking that I a?n or can be acquitted before God or man, or abfolved of this declaration, or any part thereof although the pope or any other perfon or authority what-foever fhall difpenfe with or annul the fame, or declare that it was null or void.

So help me GOD.

Officer of the court to deliver certificates of the declaration and oath having been made,

which fhall be fufficient evidence.

Lifts of the perfons who Ihall have taken the oath to be tranf-mitted to the clerk of the privy council annually.

I Eliz. c.

»3 Eliz. c. 1. 59 Eliz. c. 6.

35 Eliz. c.

Which faid declaration and oath fhall be fubferibed by the perfon taking and making the fame with the name at length, if fuch perfon can write, or with his mark, the name being written by the officer, where fuch perfon cannot write, fuch perfon or fuch officer, as the cafe may be, adding the title, addition and place of abode, of fuch perfon, and fhall remain in fuch court of record: and the proper officer of fuch court refpeftivcly with whom the cuftody of fuch record fhall remain, fhall make, fubferibe, and deliver a certificate of fuch declaration and oath having been duly made, taken, and fubferibed, to the perfon who fhall have fo made, taken, and fubferibed the fame, if the fame fhall be demanded, immediately, for which certificate there fhall be paid no greater fee or reward than two fhillings; and fuch certificate, upon proof of the certifier’s hand, and that he a£led as fuch officer, fhall be competent and fufficient evidence of fuch perfons having duly made, taken, and fubferibed fuch declaration and oath, unlefs the fame fhall be falfified.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid officer with whom fuch records are kept as aforefaid fhall, yearly, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December tranfmit to the clerk of his Majefty’s moft honourable privy council, lifts of the perfons, with their titles, additions, and places of abode, who fhall have made and fubferibed fuch declaration and oath in the preceding year.

III.	And whereas, by an aft paffed in the firjl year of the reign of her late majejly Queen Elizabeth, intituledr, An a£t for the uniformity of common prayer and fervice in the church, and adminif-tration of the facraments; and by fever al other afts, namely, an aft paffed in the twenty-thirdyear of the reign of her faid late Majejly, intituled, An a£l to retain the Queen’s majefty’s fubje£ts in their due obedience; an aft paffed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of her faid late Majejly, intituled, An a£t for the more fpeedy and due execution of certain branches of the ftatute made in the twentyr third year of the Queen’s majefty’s reign, intituled, u An aft to retain the Queen’s majefty’s iubje£ts in their due obedience;” an aft paffed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of her faid late Majefyy intituled. An a61 for retraining of popifh reeufants to fome certain places of abode; an aft paffed in thefecond, or, as it is commonly, called.\ in the firjl year of the reign of his late majefy King James the

-	k	Firjl,

Hosted by Google

179 T0 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georg ii III. c. 32.	313

Firfl, intituled, Ana Cl for the due execution of the ftatutes again# * (vulgo 1) jefuits, feminary priefts, recufants, et cetera'-, an aft paffed in the Jac* *• c‘4‘ third year of the reign of his faid late majejly King James the Firfl, intituled, An aCt for the better difcovering and reprefiing popifh 3 Jac*4* recufants ; ^ <7# puffed'm the faid third year of his faid late -majejly King James the Firfl, intituled, An aCt to prevent and avoiddangdrs 31^x-c*5^d which may grow by popifh recufants ; and an aft paffed in the fe-venth year of the reign of his faid late majejly King James the Firfl, intituled, An a61 for adminiftering the oath of allegiance and refor- 7 Jac* *• c* 6* mation in married women, recufants ; all perfons are required to reclt€(1* refort to their parifh church or chapel, or fome ufual place zvhere the Common prayer Jhall be ufed, upon pain of incurring the punifbments and difabilities in the faid afts refpeftively mentioned; and alfo are liable to profecution and penalties for keeping or having in their houfes any fervant or other perfon not fo reforting: now be it further enaCl-' ed, That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one No roman thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, no perfon profeffing the roman catholick religion, who (hall take and fubfcribe the oath taken the oath herein-before appointed to be taken and fubfcribed, (hall be Con- appointed, to viCted or profecuted upon, or (hall be liable to be profecuted upon, be profecuted the faid laft recited ftatutes, or any of them, or upon any other f°r ftatute, or any other law of this realm, by indictment, informa- church, tion, aCtion of debt, or otherwife, or (hall be profecuted in any 8cc. ecclefiaftical court for not reforting or repairing to his or her pa-rifh church or chapel, or fome other ufual place of common prayer, to hear divine fervice, and join in publick worfhip according to the forms and rites of the church of England., as by law eftab-lifhed, or for keeping or having any fervant or other perfon, being a papift, or reputed papift, or perfon profefling the popifh religion, who (hall not fo refort or repair to his or her parifh church or# chapel, or fome fuch other ufual place of common prayer as afore^ faid.

IV.	And whereas, by fever al afts, namely, the faid aft paffed in the 23 Eliz. c. u twenty-third year of the reign of her faid late majejly Fjueen Elizabeth ; an aft paffed in the twenty -fcventh year of the reign of her faid late majejly, intituled\ An aCt againft jefuits, feminary piiefts, and 27 Eliz. c. a. other fuch like difobedient perfons ; the faid ait paffed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of her faid late majejly jffueen Elizabeth; the ZS Eh** c* *• faid aft paffed in the firfl year of the reign of his faid late majejly King James the Firfl; the Jaid fecondmentioned aft, paffed in the third year % (vulgo 1) of the reign of' his faid late majejlyKing James the Firfl; an aft paffed Jac- IC* 4* in the third year of the reign of his late majejly King Charles the Firfl, 3 3ac* £*c* intituled, An aCt to reftrain the palling of any to be popilhly 3 Car. i.c. 2. bred beyond the feas; and afiaft paffed in the twenty-fifth year of the anc* reign of bis late majejly King Charles the Second, intituled, An aCt *5 Car. a. c. 2. for preventing dangers which may happen from popifh recufants; rec,tcd. papifls, reputed papijls, perfons prof effing or educated in the popijh religion,, popijh recufants, popijh recufants convift, perfons reconciled to or holding communion with the fee of Rome, popijh bijbops, priejls, or deacons, perfons entering or belonging to any ecclefiajlical order or community of the church of Rome, perfons hearing »r faying mafs, or

being

Google

314 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. [179r,

being prefent at, or conforming toy or performing or obfervtng any rite, ceremony, practice,, or obfervance of the church of Rome, or maintaining or ajji/iing others therein, are made fubjeft to the punijhments^ pe-nalties-y and difabilities therein mentioned: now be it further ena&ed, No perfon That, from and after the faid twenty* fourth day of June one thou-who (hall have fan(i feVen hundred and ninety-one, no perfon who {hall take and pointed^ath* fabfcribe the oath herein-before appointed to be taken and fub-profecutable fcribed in manner hereby required, lhall be prefented, indi&ed, for being a fued, impeached, profecuted, or convi&ed, in any civil or ecclefi-papift, See. aftical court of this realm, for being a papift, or reputed papift, or for profeffing or being educated in the popifh religion, or for hearing or faying mafs, or for being a prieft or deacon, or enter-* ing or belonging to any ecclefiaftical order or community of the church of.Rome,'or for being prefent at, or performing or obferv-ing any rite, ceremony, practice or obfervance of the popiih religion, or maintaining or affifting others therein.-

V.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no place of congregation, or aflembly for religious worfhip, (hall be permitted or allowed by this a£t, until the place of fuch meeting {hall be certified to the juft ices of the peace, at the general or quarto Jhall be certi- feffions of the peace for the county, city, or place in which fuen meeting fhall be held, and until the place of fuch meeting {hall be recorded at the faid general or quarter feffions; the clerk of the peace whereof is hereby required to record the fame, and to give a certificate thereof to fuch perfon as {hall demand the fame, for which there {hall be no greater fee or reward taken than the fum of fixpence; and that no perfon in holy orders, or pretended holy fon to perform orders, whether as prieft or as a minifter of any other higher rank tical Cfun^ion or or<^er3	perform	any	ecclefiaftical	function, or otherwife

therein, unti^°®c^ate any P^ace of meeting, until his name, and his de-hisname, &c. feription, as a prieft or minifter, {hall have been recorded at the berecordedby quarter or other general feftion of the peace for the county, or other divifion, or place, in which fuch place of meeting lhall be fituate, by the clerk of the peace of the faid court; who is hereby required to record fuch name and defeription accordingly, upon demand by fuch perfon, and upon payment of fixpence as a fee or reward, and lhall give a certificate thereof to fuch perfon as {hall from time to time demand the fame, for which certificate no greater fee or reward {hall be taken than two {hillings; and no prieft or minifter of any rank, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, who {hall officiate in any fuch place of meeting, not fo recorded as aforefaid, {hall be deemed to be within the benefit of this a£t, for any purpofe whatfoever.

No fuch place VI. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That if arty be locked^du-	of	perfons	profeffing	the	roman	catholick religion {hall

ring the meet- be m any place for religious worfhip, with the doors locked, ing.	barred, or bolted during any time of fuch meetingtogether, all and

every perfon and perfons, who fhall come to or be at fuch meeting, lhall not receive any benefit from this law; but, notwithftanding having taken the aforefaid oath of allegiance, abjuration, and de*-claration, lhall5 from the tim§ of convi&ion, be {iable to the fame

pains

No aflembly for religious woiiliip allowed under this ad: till it

fied to the quarter fe£* iions, See.

nor any per-

the clerk of the peace

Hosted by Google

I791-] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 32.	315

pains and penalties, for fuch their meeting, as if this aft had not been made.

VII.	And be it further eriaft'e the roman catholick religion {hall hereafter be chofen or otherwife th^office appointed to bear the office of high conftable, or petty conflabie, 0fconftable, churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, or' any other parochial or &c. by deputy, ward office, and fuch perfon (hall fcruple to take upon him any

of the faid offices, in regard of the oaths or any other matter or thing required by the law to be taken or done in refpeft of fuch office, every fuch perfon (hall and may execute fuch office or employment by a fufficient deputy by him to be provided, that {hall comply with the Jaws in this behalf; but the faid deputy fhall be allowed and approved by fuch perfon or perfons, in fuch manner as fuch officer or officers refpeftively fiiould by law have been allowed and approved.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That every prieft, or other Minifters of perfon in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, being a minifter, any roman ca* teacher, or preacher of any congregation of perfons profeffing the l™atioh who roman catholick religion, who fhall take and fubfcribe the afore- take the fgid oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, in manner aforefaidoath, herein-before prefcribed, (hall from thenceforth be exempted from exemptedfrom ferving upon any jury, or from being chofen or'appointed to bear ^ginJ!c0n the office of churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, or any other pa- 9 rochial or ward office, or other office, in any hundred of any (hire,

city, town, parifh, divifioh, or wapentake.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Laws for fre-laws made and provided for the frequenting of divine fervice on quenting of the Lord’s day, commonly called Sunday, fhall be ftill in force, divine ferviqe and executed againfl all perfons who {hall offend againft the faid force!* muein laws, unlefs fuch perfons {hall come to fome congregation or af-

fembly of religious worfhip permitted by this aft, or by an aft paffed in the firfl year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An a£l for exempting their Alajeflies proteftant fubjehs, diffenting from the church of England, from the penalties cf certain laws.

X.	And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons Penalty on do and fhall, willingly and of purpofe, malicioufly or contemptu- Pei*ffins dil-oufly come into any place of congregation, or afiembly of reli- gj-egatfon^,1 or gious worfhip, permitted by this aft, and difquiet or difturh the mifufing fame, or mifufe any prieft, miniffer, preacher, or teacher therein, priefts.

fuch perfon or perfons, upon proof thereof before any juftice of the peace, by two or more fufficient witneffes, {hall find two fure-ties of the peace, to be bound, by recognizance, in the penal fum of fifty pounds, and, in default of fuch fureties, fhall be committed to prifon, there to remain till the next general or quarter fef-fiori, and, upon conviftion of the faid offence, at the faid general or quarter felfion, {hall fuffer the pain and penalty of twenty pounds, to the ufe of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceftbrs.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no bene- Ad not to ex-fit in this aft contained fhall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to ^^0t|^.jcoman any roman catholick ecckfiaftick permitted by this aft, who fhall ckfiafticks^n'

officiate certain cafes#

Hosted by Google

d, That if any perfon profeffing Roman catho-

3*6

Anno rcgni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. [1791.

officiate in any place of congregation or aflembly for religious worfhip permitted by this aft, with a fleeple and bell, or at any funeral in any church or church-yard, or who (hall exercife any of the rites or ceremonies of his religion, or wear the habits of his order, fave within fome place of congregation or aflembly for religious worfhip permitted by this aft, or in a private houfe, where there fhall not be more than five perfons aflembled, befides thofe of the houfhold, or who fhall not previoufly to his fo officiating or excrcifing his funftions as aforefaid have taken and Tub-fcribed the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration hereby appointed to betaken as aforefaid.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing Jicksfro^pay- herein contained fhall be conftrued to exempt any fuch perfon ing tythes, &c. profefling the roman catholick religion, from paying tythes or other parochial duties, or any other duties to the church or minifler, or from any profecution in any ecclefiaftical court, or elfewhere, for the fame; or to repeal any part of the aft made in the twenty-*6Geo c	year	t^le	rei6n	°**	h^s ^ate tnajefty King George the Second,

lCt °*a,c*335 intituled, An aft for the better preventing of clandeJUne marriagex, or any parts of any other flatutes concerning marriages ; or to give any eafe, benefit, or advantage to any perfon who fhall, by preaching, teaching, or writing* deny or gainfay the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, herein-before mentioned and appointed to be taken as aforefaid, or the declarations or doctrines therein contained, or any of them; or to repeal or affeft any law now in force concerning the right or fucceffion to, or the limitation of, the crown.

No roman XIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, catholick who That no ecclefiaftick or other perfon profefling the roman catho-frrall take the^ re|jgi0n, who fhall take and fubfcribe the oath of allegiance, ~	■	•	•	abjuration,	and	declaration,	herein-beforementioned and appoint-

ed to be taken and fubfcribed as aforefaid, fhall be profecuted in any court whatfoever, for teaching and inftrufting youth, as a

nor to exempt roman catho-

nor to repeal any part of

profecutable for teaching youth;

but no roman tutor or fchoolmafter, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwith-catholick to ftanding.

hold the maf. XIV. Provided always. That no perfon profefling the roman terfhip of any catholick religion fhall obtain or hold the mafterfhip of any col ‘ fchoo^of ro ^al ^eSe or	royal foundation, or of any other endowed col-

foundation, lege or fchool for the education of youth, or fhall keep a fchool in either of the univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge.

XV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no fchool-mafter profefling the roman catholick religion fhall receive into his fchool, for education, the child of

Sec.

No roman catholick fchool-mafter

to educate in -	.	n	■	~	.

his fchool any anyprfeftant father.	.	.

child of a pro-	X VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority

teftant father, aforefaid. That no perfon profefling the roman catholick reli-nor to keep a gion fhall be permitted to keep a fchool for the education of fchool until youth, until his or her name and defeription as a roman catho-fhaHhavebeen fchool-mafter or fchool-miftrefs fhall have been recorded at recorded by the quarter or general feffion of the peace for the County or other the clerk of division or place where fuch fchool fhall be fituated, by the clerk* the peace.	'of

Hosted by Google

No religious order, &c. to be founded by roman catho-licks, &c.

i Eliz. c. I*

1-791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo GEoRGn III. c. 32.	317

of the peace of the fa id court, .who is hereby required to record fuch name and defeription accordingly, upon demand by fuch perfon, and to give a certificate thereof to fuch perfon as fliall at any time demand the fame; and no perfon offending .in the premifes fhall receive any benefit of this aft.

XVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this aft contained {hall make it lawful to found, endow, or eftablifh any religious order or fociety of perfons bound by mo-naftick or religious vows, or to found, endow, or eftablifh any fchool, academy, or college, by perfons profeffing the roman, ca-tholick religion, within thefe realms, or the dominions thereunto belonging; and that all ufes, trufts, and difpofitions, whether of real or perfonal property, which immediately before the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, (hall be deemed to be fuperftitious or unlawful, fhall continue to be fo deemed and taken, any thing in this aft ~ contained not-withflanding.

XV III. And ivhereas by an aft^ made in the fir ft year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Elizabeth,, intituled^ An aft to re (tore to the crown the ancient jurifdiftion over the eftate, ecclefiaftical and fpiritual, and abolifhing all foreign powers repugnant to the fame, the perfons therein mentioned were made compellable to take, the path therein mentioned, commonly called The Oath of Supremacy: and whereas by an aft made in the third year of the reign of his late Ma-jefty King James the Firft, intituled^ An aft for the better difeover-ing and repreffing popifh recufants, another oath, commonly called The Oath of Allegiance or Obedience, was required to be taken by the perfons therein mentioned: and whereas by an aft made in the firft fejfion of the fir ft year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for the abrogating the oaths of fupremacy and. allegiance, and appointing other oaths, the faid oaths^fo re» quired by the faid a fts of the firft ^Elizabeth and the third of James the Firft, were abrogated, and a new oath of allegiancey and a new oath of fupremacy, were introduced and required to be taken: and whereas by an aft made in the fecond fejfion of the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled,\ An aft for the further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the fucceflion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteftants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors, amongft other oaths thereby appointed to be taken, one is an oath of fupremacy, in the fame words as the oath offupremacy required by the J'aid recited aft of the firft fejfion of the firft year pf King William and Queen Mary; and whereas, under the provifons of the faid two laft recited a fts, perfons in general are liable to have the oath offupremacy therein mentioned tendered to themY and are expofed to penalties for not taking fuch oath when tender ed^ as is required by the faid two laft recited a fts refpeftively: and whereas.by the faid aftpaffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his faid mafcjly King Charles the Secondthere is con- Isr0 perfon to taineda declaration, commonly called The Declaration againft Tran- be fummoned fubftantiation; be it further enafted. That, from and after the to take the

faid required

3 Jac. 1. c. 4.

1 Gul Sc Mar. feff. i.c. 8.

iGeo.i.fe£f.*. c. 13.

Hosted by Google

3x8 Anno regni tricefkno primp Georgii IIL c. 32. [1791*

by 1 Gul. tz faid twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and 8^ ^rthe# n*nety-°ne> no perfon fhall be fummoned to take the oath and declaration6 ma^e the declaration above mentioned, or be profecuted for. not required by obeying fuch fummons.

25 Car. a. c. 2. XIX And be it alfo enabled, That, from and after the faid nor 1 Gul. & twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-Mar. (til. 1. one5 the aft paffed in the firft year of the reign of their majefties to roma^ca*^	^Villiam	and	Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for the removing

tholicks who PaPljB, an& reputed papijls, from the cities of London and Weft-have taken the minfter, {hall not extend, or be deemed, taken, or conftrued to appointed extend, to any perfon profefiing the roman catholick religion, oath.	who take and fubferibe the oath of allegiance, abjuration,

and declaration, herein-before appointed to be taken and fubferibed*

• XX. And ivbereas by a claufe in an aft paffed in the thirtieth year 30 Car. 2. of the reign of King Charles the Second\ intituled, An aft for the flat. 2. claufe more effectual preferving the King’s perfon and government, by

5.	recited; difabling papifts from fitting in either houfe of parliament, it was enabled, 'That, among ft other perfons therein deferibed, every peer of the realm of England, and member of the houfe of peers, and every peer of the kingdom of Scotland, or of the kingdom of Ireland, being of the age of one-and-twenty years or upwards, not having taken the oaths and declaration therein mentioned, and who Jhould come advifedly into or remain in the prefence of the Ring’s ma]ejly or Queen s majejly, or Jhould come into the court or houfe where they or any of them refide, as well during the reign of his then Mojefly, as during the reigns of any his royal fuccejfors, Kings or Queens of England, Jhould incur all the pains, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities in the faid aft mentioned or contained, unlefs fuch peers jhoidd, in the next term after fuch his coming or remaining, take the faid oaths, and ?nake and fubferibe the faid declaration in his Majejly’s high court of chancery, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon: now be it further and no peer cnafted, That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June who fhall have one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, no peer of Great 1 ftnt cfoath" Britain or Ireland, or member of the houfe of peers of Great Bri-beViable to tain'> or °f t^le kingdom of Ireland, profeffing the roman catholick •profecution religion, who {hall take and fubferibe the oath of allegiance, ab-underthatadt. juration, and declaration, herein-before appointed to be taken and fubferibed, fhall be liable to be profecuted for fuch offence, in the faid recited aft of the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, or be liable to any of the pains, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities for breach of the provifion in the faid claufe contained, or be otherwife deemed to fall within, or be affefted by, any part of the faid provifion.

XXL And whereas by an all pajjed in the fecond fejfion of the firjl year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firjl, intituled, 1 Geo i.fefT.a. An aft to oblige papifts to regifter their names and real eftates, £.55. and all and every fuch perfon and perfons as therein are deferibed are, in default of taking, within the time thereby limited, the fever al oaths of allegiance, fupremacy, and abjuration, required by the faid aft paffed he the firjl fejfion of the firjl year of the reign of his faid late majejly King Cieorge the Firjl hereinbefore-recited, and of repeating andfub^

feribing

Hosted by Google

31?

1791*] Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 32.

feribing the declaration againjl tranfubftantiation and popery, expreffed in and required by the faid a ft f affed in the fecond feffion of the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, required to regifter their names, and alfo their lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in manner and under the penalties in the faid now reciting ftatute mentioned and expreffed: and whereas by an aft, paffd in the third year of the reign of his faid majefty King George, the Firjl, intituled, An aft for ex- 3 Geo. i.c, plaining an aft, palled in the laft fefEon of parliament, intituled, recited,

“ An aft to oblige papifts to regifter their names and real eftates and for enlarging the time of fuch regiftering, and for fecuring purchafes made by proteftants, and by other fubfeauent acts, it is enafted, "That no manors, lands, or any inter eft therein, or rent Gr profit thereout, /hall pafs, alter, or change from any papift or p erf on prof effing the popi/h religion by any deed or will, except fuch deed within fix months after the date, and fuch will within fix months after the death of the teftator, be inroiled in one of the King’s courts of record at Weft-minfter, or within the county wherein the manors or lands do lie: now be it further enafted, That the faid two laft recited afts, and repealed; paffed in the firft and third years of the reign of his faid majefty King George the Firft, and alfo fuch parts of all other afts as require the regiftery of the names and eftates of perfons being papifts, or profeffing the popifti religion, or being reputed to be fuch, ftiall be, and the fame are hereby utterly repealed, abrogated, and made void; and, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June and no perfon one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, no perfon whatfoever liable to pro-fhallbe profecuted, fued, molefted, orotherwife affecled by reafon ^o^havin°r of not having complied with or conformed to the faid hereby re- complied pealed afts and parts of afts or any of them; and all deeds and therewith, wills fhall, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, be as good and effeftual, both at law and in equity, and to and for all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the faid hereby repealed afts and parts of afts had never been made.

XXII. And whereas by an aft, paffed in the feventh and eighth years op the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aft re- 7 & 8 Gul. 3. quiring the praftifers of laws to take the oaths and fubfcribe the c: 4* and declaration therein mentioned ; and an aft, paffed in the firft year of the reign of his majefty King George the Firjl, intituled, An aft for 1 Geo. r. the further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and ftat; c* r3-the fucceflion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, reate > an being proteftants; and for extinguifhing the hopes, of the pre-„ tended prince of Wales, and his open and fiecret abettors, allper -fans afting as a counfellor at law, barrifter, attorney, jblicitor, clerk,

* or notary, by praftifmg in any manner as fuch in any court or courts whatfoever, not having, before the time of fuch afting, taken the oaths and declaration in the faid afts refpeftively prefcribed, are made liable to the penalties in the fame afts refpeftively mentioned: now, be it further enafted. That the oaths and declaration in and by the faid the oaths and laft-mentioned afts refpeftively mentioned and appointed to be ^rei^men taken and fubfcribed by perfons afting as a counfellor at law, bar- tiJ^nnI^en* lifter, attorney,.folicitor, clerk, or notary, as in the faid afts re- longer to be ,.	fpeftively	required, but

Hosted by Google

320 the oath hereby appointed, to qualify per * fons to ad as counfellors, &c*

Ad not to extend to Scotland.-

Preamble.

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 33. [1791*

fpc<£lively is mentioned, fhall, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, be no longer put or adminiftered to, or required to be taken by, any perfon profefling the roman catholick religion, as a qualification or requifite to enable him to ain the capacities aforefaid, or any of them, but the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, herein-before appointed to be taken and fubferibed,'{hall, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, be adminiftered, taken, and fub-feribed to and by perfons profefling^ the^roman catholick religion, and adling or requiring to a£t in the capacities aforefaid, or any of them, in the {lead and place of the faid oaths and declaration, and every of them; and in order thereto the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, herein-before appointed to be taken aqd fubferibed, may and {hall be adminiftered, taken, and fub-feribed in the fame courts, and may and {hall be regiftered in the fame manner, as the oaths and declaration in the room of which it is hereby fubftituted, are by the a£ls fo preferring the fame oaths and declaration refpedlively as aforefaid appointed to be adminiftered, taken, fubferibed, and regiftered, and when fo taken, fubferibed, and regiftered, fhall, for the purpofe of enabling perfons profefling the roman catholick religion to a6l in the capacities aforefaid, or any of them, have the fame effedl and operation, to all intents, conftru£lions, and purpofes whatfoever, as the oaths and declaration in the room of which it is hereby fubftituted.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this a£l contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for the payment of the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds by the governor and company of the bank of England into the receipt of his Majejlfs exchequer.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the governor and company of the bank of England have propofed to advance^ for theferviceofthepublick, a loan offive hundred thoufand pounds without any inter ejl for the fame, on condition that if at any time the balance remaining in the hands of their c after y offums ijfued to him for the payment of dividends on account of the national debt which fhall have been due previous to the quarterly payment then next preceding, fhall be reduced to a lefs fum than fix hundred thoufand pounds, in fuch cafe fo much of the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds Jhall be repaid to the faid governor and company as Jhall be equal to the fum by which the faid balance fhall be lefs than the fum of fix hundred thoufandpounds; and in cafe, after the repayment of any pa ft of the faid fum offive hundred thoufand pounds, the fold balance Jhall at any time be again further reduced., in fuch cafey as often as the fame Jhall happen, fuch a further fum Jhall in like manner be repaid out of the remainder of the faid five hundred thoufand

pounds

Hosted by Google

321

179*-] Anno regni tricefimo prirno Georgii III, c. 34.

pounds to the fetid governor and company, as Jhall, together with the fum or fums before repaid., be equal to the whole fum by which the faid balance J,hall be lefs than the fum offix hundred thoufand pounds; and■ likewife upon the condition that the allozvance for the charges of management of the publick debt fhall continue at the fame rate as at pre» fent: we, therefore, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, do moft humbly beleeph your Majefty that it may be ena£led; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftemb'ed, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid governor and company fhall, on Bank to pay or before the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ir)to exninety-one, pay, or caufe to be paid, into the receipt of his Ma- 500^eo]. to jelly’s exchequer, the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, which be carried to faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds fhall be carried to and the confoli-made part of the fund called The Confolidated Fund.	. dated fund.

II.- And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That Whenever the if at any time hereafter the monies remaining in the hands of the ^^m^nthe governor and company of the bank of England, or their cafhier ban^foi^pay-or cathiers, which have been ifliied to him or them for the pay- mentofdivi-ment of all or any annuities or dividends to the creditors of the dends, ex-publick, in purfuance of the feveral adfs of parliament in that be- ^u^lv5Lot ^ half, exclufive of the fums ifFued on account of fuch annuities or	°n

dividends as became due the quarter then next preceding, fhall be thofe due the reduced to a lefs fum than fix hundred thoufand pounds, the faid preceding governor and company, or their cafhier or cafhiers, fhall forth-with tranfmit a certificate of the fame to the commiftioners of the J?q0£0q0] a^e treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, and alfoto deficiency to the auditor of the exchequer for the time being, containing a true be made up ftatement of the amount to which the faid monies fhall then be immediately reduced; and that forthwith, on the fame day on which any fuch outal certificate, containing fuch ftatement as aforefaid, fhall be pre- J fented to the faid auditor at the receipt of the exchequer, the faid auditor fhall make out a proper debenture, directing the payment of fuch fum of money as it fhall appear by fuch certificate the faid balance fhall be reduced under fix hundred thoufand pounds, which laid fum of money fhall be forthwith, on the fame day, iftued and paid out of any money in the receipt of the exchequer of the aids or fupplies granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the current year, or of any preceding year, or out of any monies arifing from the furplus of the confolidated fund, which may remain at the end of any quarter foF the difpofition of parliament; and every fuch debenture being carried to the clerk of the pells, fhall be forthwith recorded in the ufual method in which debentures are by him recorded; and thereupon the teller or tellers, on whom any fuch debenture fhall be charged, fhall, upon the fame being prefented to him dr them, immediately pay, or caufe to be paid, to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, the fum contained in fuch debenture accordingly: and in cafe, after the repayment of any part of the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, the faid balance Vol. XXXVII..	Y	fhall

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo primo Geopgii TIL c. 34. [1791*

(hall at any time be again further reduced, in fuch cafe, as often as the fame (hall happen, fuch a further fum (hall in like manner be repaid, out of the remainder of the faid five hundred' thoufand pounds, to the faid governor and company as fhall, together with the fum or fums before repaid, be equal to the whole fum by which the faid balance fhall be lefs than the fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds.

III.	And be it further ena£Ied by the authority aforefaid. That there fhall continue to be i{Tued and paid to the governor and of the5publick comPany of the bank of England, a fum for charges of management of the publick debt, at the rate of four hundred and fifty pounds per annum, for each million of the capital, and at the fame rate for all the annuities for terms of years, valuing the annuities at twenty-five years purchafe, as ufual, to make a nominal capital.

CAP. XXXIV.

An a£l for enabling his Majejly to fettle an annuity of twelve thoufand pounds on his royal highnefi the duke of Clarence, during pleafure.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the com-- 1110ns of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, having taken into our confideration your Majefty’s moft gracious mef-fage, wherein your Majefty has been pleafed to declare that the additional charges, incurred on account of the eftablifhment of the younger branches of the royal family, cannot be defrayed out of the monies applicable to the purpofes of your Majefty’s civil government, do moft humbly befsech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice andconfi-nt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to an an<^ ^or	moft	excellent	majefty,	by	any	warrant or war-

12,	oool.to the rants under his royal fign manual, to give and grant unto his duke of Cla- royal highnefs William Henry duke of Clarence, his Majefty’s third «"<*, from f01l5 for and during his Majefty’s royal will and plealure, an an-ou^o/the"7915 nuit7 not exceeding twelve thoufand pounds of lawful money of confolidated Great Britain, which may commence and take eiredt from the fund.	fifth	day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and

fhall be paid quarterly at the four ufual days of payment in the year; that is to fay, Yhe fifth day of fuly, the tenth day of Oflober, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April, in every year; and that the faid annuity fhall and may, by fuch warrant or warrants, be directed to be ifluing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the fund called The Confolidated Fund, (after paying, or referving fufficient to pay, all fuch fum and fums of money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any former a & or afts of parliament, but with preference to all other payments which fhall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the laid fund),

II.	And

debt, at a certain rate.

Preamble.

His Majefty

The bank to be paid for

Hosted by Google

1791 *3 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III, c. 35,36.	323

II.	Arid be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Annuity pay-the faid annuity of twelve thoufand pounds {hall, during his Ma- ahJe at the jetty’s royal will and pleafure, be paid and payable at the receipt 0f charge* of his Majefty’s exchequer out of the faid fund, and the auditor of the faid receipt ftiall, and he is hereby required, by virtue of fuch warrant or warrants, to make forth and pafs debentures, from time to time, for paying the faid annuity as the fame {hall become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; and the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts of- his faid royal highnefs, or of fuch other perfon or perfons as fhali be by him authorifed and appointed to receive fuch annuity or any part fhereof, fhali be a good and fufficient difeharge for the payment thereof; and the faid debentures to be made forth and patted upon the faid v/arrant or warrants fhali be a fuificient authority to the feveral and refpe£tive officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the faid annuity to his faid royal highnefs, during the continuance of the fame, without any further or other warrant.to be fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf; and that the faid annuity, fo to be given and granted, fhali be free and clear from all taxes, rates, and afleffments, and ail other charges whatfoever.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft to render perfons convifted of petty larceny competent witnejfes.

WHEREAS 'perfons convifted of grand larceny are hy their Preamble# punifoment rejlored to their credit as witnejfes, but perfons convifted of petty larceny are rendered and remain wholly incompetent to be examined as witnejfes; be it therefore enabled by the King’s raoft excellent majetty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afi'embled, and by the authority of the fame, That, Perfons con-from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven vidted of petty hundred and ninety-one, no perfon fhali be an incompetent wit- larceny to be nefs by reafon of a conviction for petty larceny.	witndfes.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft to prevent keels,pan keels, and pan boats, and other boats, and wains and carts being ufed in the removal or carriage of coals, after having. undergone any alterations or repairs; without being firjl in-fpefted, re-admeajured, marked, and nailed.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the Jixth and feventh years of Preamble.

the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An a£t for 6 & 7 Gul. 3. the better admeafurement of keels and keel boats in the port of c. 10. recitedo Newcajlle, and the members thereunto belonging, it is amongjl other things enafted, That commijf oners foallfrom time to time be appointed by his Majejly, his heirs .and fucceJfors,for the admeafuring and marking all and every the keels, pan keels, and pan boats, and other boats, and' wains and carts ufed, or in any time hereafter to be ufed,

Y z	for

Hosted by Google

324 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 36. [1791.

for the carriage of coals in the port s/'Newcaftle upon Tyne, Sunderland upon the r/W Weare, Culler-coats, Seaton Sluice, Blythr nook, and all other places within the counties of Northumberland and Durham, and all and every the members, havens, rivers, creeks, and places whatfoever, to the faid port o/'Newcaftle and counties aforefaid belonging; <7#^ that the faid commifjioners,	a/' them,

Jhall caufe all and eve?y of the faid keel boats, wains, dW ctfr/r, to be admeafured accordingly,	the faid keels and boats fo	admeafured to

be marked and nailed on each fide the fern and ftern,	midfhip

thereof or otherwife, they the faid commifjioners,	three of

them, their difcretioris, /hall dir eft and the faid wains and carts to fie marked and nailed on the head and fides of the faid wains, rtfrfr, or otherwife, # j- the faid commiffoners, or wy three of them, /hall dir eft;

W that every keel, boat, wainy or cart, lubicb /ball carry any coals in any of the places aforefaid before they fall be admeafured, marked, nailed, # j aforefaid, Jhall be forfeited, together zvith the coals that Jhall be laden upon them;	that in cafe,	the admeafuring, markings

[and nailing of any keej boat, wain, or cart, the mark Jhall be re?noved or altered whereby tofruftrate the intent and meaning of this aft, that every perfon or perfons that Jhall have a hand in or be privy to the doing thereof Jhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds: and whereas on repair of fuch keels,	or o/Zo^r Z>o#^, wains or carts,

#j 7/Ztfy Zww	admeafured,	marked,	nailed, in purfuance of the

before recited aft,	zw^y frequently happen that the marks or nails are

removed, either by accident or otherzuife, 'or fuch alteration may be made in the repairing of fuch keels,	^/r, ywz boats, or other boats,

wainsy or cartSy as may render the contents of their lading very un-certain, whereby great injury may arife to the revenue, and to the buyers and fellers of coals: and whereas the faid recited aft extends only to heelsy boats, ivainSy or carts, which are neWy and to inf ift the aforefaid penalty of ten pounds in cafes only where the marks and nails have been removed with a fraudulent intent: for remedy whereof, be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, if any keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain, or cart, ufed in the carriage of coals, in any of the places mentioned in the faid recited a£f, dial I, after the fame fhall have been duly admeafured, marked, and nailed, in purfuance of recited adt, to the directions of the faid recited act, be repaired or altered, without"being whereby any fuch keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain re-admeafur- or cart, will be capable of carrying a greater or lefs quantity of ed previous to coals than before fuch repair or alteration, or in cafe any of the being nfed, on najls or marks placed in or on any fuch keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, in purfuance of the faid recited a£t, (hall be removed fo that the loading cannot be afeertained in the ufual and cuftomary way, whether any of the nails or marks (hall be removed by accident, neceflary repairs, fraudulent delign, or otherwife, fuch keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, fhall not be again ufed in the removal or carriage of coals*

until

No keel, &c. ufed in carriage of coals in any of the places mentioned in the

penalty of forfeiture

Hosted by

Google

179r.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii TIT. c. 36.	325

until the faid keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, fhall have been infpefted by, and re-admeafured, marked, and nailed, under the direftion of the commiffioners appointed, or to be appointed, by yirtue of the before recited aft, under the penalty of the forfeiture of every fuch keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other ' boat, wain or cart, fo ufed, together with the coals that fhall be laden or loaded in or upon them refpeclively.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Owners of in every cafe where any fuch keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other keels, fo boat, wain or cart, fhall have undergone any repair or alteration,	thereof

or any alteration therein fhall have taken place by accident or to the com-otherwife, fo that the true loading cannot be afcertained in the mifiioners,&c. ufual and cuflomary way, or where any frefh nails or marks are wanting and necefTary in order to afcertain the true loading of fuch keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, the owner or owners refpeftively, in cafe they intend again to ufe fuch keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, fhall give notice in writing to three or more of the faid commiffioners appointed, or to be appointed, in purfuance of the faid recited aft,

(of whom two fhall be principal officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms for the time being), of fuch his or their intention, who are hereby authorifed and required, within twenty-four hours after the receipt of fuch notice, to give three days notice of the time and place for re-admeafuring, marking and nailing of fuch keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, according to the forny and in manner prefcribed by the faid recited aft for admeafuring, marking, and nailing keels, boats, wains, and carts.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any The contents

of the faid marks or nails fhall be removed by accident, and with- of keels, &c. put any intention of fraud, after fuch keel, pan keel, pan boat, whofe marks or other boat, wain or cart, fhall have been duly laden, then and ckl^ntally rein that cafe fuch keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or moved after cart, fhall be permitted to unload her or their contents without being loaded, hindrance or delay; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwith- maJ ke un* {landing.	oade *

IV.	And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or perfons Penalty on fhall wilfully or defignedly remove, deface, or deflroy fuch marks perfons re-or nails as, by order of the faid commiffioners,' fhall be put upon m°v*ng marks the faid keels, pan keels, pan boats, or other boats, wains or carts, keel^&c. or caufe the fame to be done, fuch perfon or perfons being con-yifted thereof before anyjuflice of the peace, upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, fhall forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty fhillings, or in default thereof be committed by the faid juflice of the peace to the houfe of correftion nearefl to the place where the offence fhall have been committed, for any time not exceeding one month, nor lefs ihqn feven days,

¥3

CAP.

Hosted by Google

'32 6 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 37, 38. [1791.

Preamble.

6 Geo.3.c. aS.

From July 5, 1791, filk crapes and tiffanies of Italy, if imported not directly from thence, to be forfeited.

Penalties may be recovered and applied as under the recited ad.

No drawback to be allowed on the expor tation of Italian filk crapes or tiffanies.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft to prohibit the importation into Great Britain of filk crapes and tiffanies of the ?nanufafture of Italyy iwhfs brought dir eft ly from thence.

WHEREAS by an aft, puffed in the fxth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aCt to prohibit the importation of foreign wrought filks and velvets, for a limited time ; and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the filk manufacture; it is, among other things^ provided and enacted, That nothing in the aft contained fall extend, or be conjlrued to extend, to any zvrought filk or velvet which Jhall be manufactured in, and imported from, the Eaft Indies, or to any filk crapes or tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy: and zvhereas it is expedient, that filk crapes or tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy jhoidd not be permitted to be imported otbenvife than dir eft ly from thence; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mofl excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any filk crapes or tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy fhall, after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, be imported or brought into Great Britain otherwife than diredly from thence, the fame fhall be forfeited, and the importer thereof fhall be fubjeCfc and liable to the like penalty as is impofed, by the faid recited add, on the importation of foreign wrought filks and velvets not manufactured in, and imported from, the Eaft Indies, and not being filk crapes or tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy; and the forfeiture and penalty incurred by this aCt fhall and may be fued for, profecuted, recovered, difpofed of, and applied in fuch and the like manner, and under the like rules, regulations, and reftriCtions, as the penalties and forfeitures impofed by the faid recited aCt may be fued for, profecuted, recovered, difpofed of, and applied, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpoles, as if all and each and every the powers and directions contained in the faid recited aCt were repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt,

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That on the exportation from Great Britain of any filk crapes or tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy, which fhall be imported after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, there fhall’nbt be paid or allowed to the exporter thereof any drawback or allowance whatever of the duties paid on the importation of fuch filk crapes or tiffanies, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithflandirig.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft to amend an afty made in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Majefly9s reign, for regulating the trade between the fubjeCts of his Majefly’s colonies and plantations in North America, and in the Weft India iflands, and the countries belonging to the united Hates of America$ and between his Majefly’s faid fub-

je,s§

Hosted by Google

1791 • 3 Anno regni tricefimo prlmo Georgii III; c.38.	327

je£ts and the foreign iflands in the Weft Indies;	<7^0	an	aSf,

made in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majeflfs reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandife, in the ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Maar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the ifland of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George, in the ifland of Grenada, in the port of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, and in the port of Naflau in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands, under certain regulations and reftrictions.

W H E R E A S hy an alt, pftffed in the twenty-eighth year of his Preamble.

prefent Majeflfs reign, intituled, An a£l for regulating the a8Geo*3.c.6» trade between the fubjects of hisMajefty’s colonies and plantations recited., in North America, and in the Weft India iflands, and the countries belonging to the united ftates of Americay and between his Majefty’s faid fubjedts and the foreign iflands in the Weft Indies, it is, amongft other things, enabled, That no tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, fax, mafts, yards, bowfprits, Jlaves, heading boards, timber, Jhingles, or lumber of any fort, bread, bifeuit, flour, peafe, beans, potatoes, wheat, nV*, 0#Ar, barley, or grain of any fort, Jhould, he imported.or brought into any ifland under the dominion of his Majefty in the Weft Indies, (7# which defeription the Bahama iflands and the Bermuda Somers iflands are included),, from any ifland in the Weft Indies under rfe dominion of any foreign European fovereign or fate, under the penalty of the forfeiture therein mentioned; and whereas it is equally expedient that the faid articles Jhould not be imported or brought from any foreign colony or plantation whatfoever, on the continent of South America, belonging to any foreign European fovereign or fate: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day From Aug. 1, of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, no tobacco, I79I? Pone °f pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, flax, mafts, yards, bowfprits, ftaves, heading boards, timber, fhingles, or lumber of any fort, bread, fied tobeim-bifeuit, flour, peafe, beans, potatoes, wheat, rice, oats, barley, ported into the or grain of any fort, (hall be imported or brought into any ifland India under the dominion of his Majefty in the Wefl Indies, (in which ^^colonvbi defeription the Bahama iflands, and the Bermuda or Somers iflands, South Ameri-are included), from any colony or plantation whatfoever on the ca, belonging continent of South America, under the dominion of any foreign t0 a foreign European fovereign or ftate, under the penalty of the forfeiture	on

thereof, and of the fhip or veflel in which the fame ftial! be im- penalty of ported or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammuni- forfeiture, tion, tackle and apparel, to be feized, lued for, profecuted, and recovered, and the produce thereof to be difpofed of and applied £ts any forfeiture incurred under the faid act.

II.	Provided always, That it fhall and may be lawful in cafe of except by the pubiick emergency or diftrefs, for any of the governors, lieutenant ^ ref^e^dtiv governors, or commanders in chief for the time being, of any of g0-ernors^ in the faid iflands in the Weft Indies under the dominion of his Ma- cafes of pub-

y4

Hosted by Google

328 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 38. [1791.

Any fuch articles fo imported, if attempted, to be exported to be forfeited, with the veil'd, &c.

Before any of the fpecified articles are fliipt for exportation, oath to be made that they have not been fo imported.

Perfon silking falfe oaths guilty of perjury*

jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, with the advice and confent of their refpedtive councils, to authorife the importation of tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, flax, mails, yards,- bowfprits, ftaves, heading boards, timber, fhingles, or lumber of any fort, bread, bilcuit, flour, peafe, beans, potatoes, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of any fort,, for a limited time, from any colony or plantation on the continent of South America, belonging to any foreign European fovereign or ftate, for the fupply of the inhabitants of the faid iflands; and provided always, That fuch goods and commodities fo authorifed to be imported, {hall not be imported except by Britijh fubjedts and in Britijh-built {hips, owned by his Majefty’s fubjedts and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the forfeiture above mentioned.

III.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe the faid articles, or any of them, which fhall have been imported from any colony or plantation on the continent of South America, belonging to any foreign European fovereign or ftate, into any of the faid iflands in the JVeJi Indies under the dominion of his Majefty, {hall after fuch importation be exported, or fhall be {hipped or laden on board any fhip or veflel, or fhall be put on board any boat or other veflel, or fhall be brought to any quay, wharf, or other place whatever, with intention to be {hipped on board any {hip or veflel for exportation, then, not only the faid articles, but alfo the faid veflel or boat on board of which the fame fhall be fhipped or laden, or intended to be {hipped or laden, fhall be forfeited and loft, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, before any articles which may be legally exported from the faid iflands in the Weft Indies under the dominion of his Majefty, and which are of the defcription or denomination of any of the articles herein-before particularly enumerated and defcribed, whether in their unmanufadtered or manufactured ftate, fhall be {hipped for exportation from any of the faid iflands, the exporter or exporters thereof fhall make oath before the collector of his Majefty’s customs for the ifland from which fuch articles are to be exported, (who is hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter the fame), that fuch articles, or any part of them, have not been fo imported as aforefaid, into the faid ifland under fuch authority as aforefaid, from any colony or plantation on the continent o I South America, under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or ftate.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons whatever fhall be convicted of taking a falfe oath touching any of the fadts diredted or required by this adt to be teftified on oath, fuch perfon or perfons lb convidted as aforefaid fhall be deemed guilty of perjury, and fhall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury, and fhall and may be profecuted in any court of record in Great Britain, or in any of his Majefty’s courts of judicature in the Wef Indies.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That

'

Hosted by Google

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c# 38.	329

all and every the goods or commodities, and all fhips or vefTels By whom forfeited by this adt, fhall and may be feized by the commander ^effels forfeit-or commanders of any of his Majefty’s fhips or vefTels of war, or ed may be any commiffioned warrant or petty officer fpecially authorifed by feized; him or them, or by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms; and that every forfeiture and penalty incurred by this and how pe-a£f fhall and may refpedlively be fued for, profecuted, and re- Covered and covered in fuch courts, and by fuch and the like ways, means, applied, and methods, and the produce thereof refpedtively difpofed of and applied in fuch and the like manner, and to fuch and the like ufes and purpofes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law refpedfing the revenue of the cuftoms may now be fued for, profecuted, or recovered, difpofed of and applied, either in this kingdom, or in any of his Majefty’s iflands in the JVeJl Indies refpedtively, as the cafe may happen to be.

VII. And whereas by two adds now in force, the one pajfed in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majeffs reign, intituled, An adt z?Ge0.3.C.27. for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandife, in the ports of Kingfon, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the ifland of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada, in the port of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, and in the port of Naffau in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands, under certain regulations and reftridtions; and the other, pajfed in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefy’s reign, intituled,, An adt for amend- and 30 Geo. 3. ing an adt, paffed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his c. *9* recited; prefent Majefty, intituled, An adt for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, zvares, and merchandife, in the ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the if and a/'Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the if and of Grenada, in the port of Rofeau in the if and of Dominica, and in the port of Naffau in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama ifands, under certain regulations and refridiions; and for regulating the duties on the importation of goods and commodities the growth and production of the countries bordering on the province of Ahiebec; it is enadted, That wool, cotton-wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, logivood, fujlic, and all forts of Wood for dyers uje, hides, fins, and tallow, beaver, and all forts of furs, tortoife Jhell, hardwood or mill timber, mahogany, and all other woods for cabinet ware, horfes, affes, mules, and cattle, being the growth and production of any of the colonies or plantations in America, belong-ingto or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign orfate, anctiALcoin and bullion, diamonds, or precious fones, might be importedfrom any of the faid colonies or plantations into the feveral ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the if and a/'Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the if and of Grenada, the port of Rofeau in the ifand of Dominica, and the port of Naffau in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama ifands, in any foreign foop, fchooner, or other vejfel whatever, not having more than one deck, and being owned and navigated by the fub-Jed s of any foreign European fovereign or fate, any law, ufage, or

cufomj

Hosted by Google

3 SP

During the continuance of the two re-

Airno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 39. [1791*

cujiom, to the contrary noUvithfanding: and whereas it is reafonable that all perfons inhabiting any countries on the continent of America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or fate, Jhouldbe permitted to import into the faid ports the faid articles ; be it therefore enaded, That, during the continuance of the two laft mentioned acts, wool, cotton-wool, indigo, cochi-cited^Ts° the nea^ an(* drugs of all forts, cocoa, logwood, fuftic, and all forts articles herein °f wood for dyers ufe, hides, (kins, and tallow, beaver and all enumerated forts of furs, tortoife fhell, hardwood, or mill timber, mahogany, mzY be im- and all other woods for cabinet ware, horfes, affes, mules, and any part of1 catt^e5 being the growth or production of any country belonging America, be • to or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or longing to any ftate on the continent of America, and all coin and bullion, dia-foreignEuro- monds and precious (tones, may be imported from any of the faid npan nw‘ countries into any of the ports before-mentioned, in any foreign (loop, fchooner, or other veiTel whatever, not having more than one deck, and being owned and navigated by perfons inhabiting any of the faid countries on the continent of America, belonging to, or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or ftate.

VIII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful, during the continuance of the two laft-mentioned ads, to export from any of the ports before-mentioned, in the iflands of

Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, and New Providence, to any of the countries on the continent of America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or ftate, in any (loop, fchooner, or other vefTel whatever, not having more than one deck, and being owned and navigated by perfons inhabiting any fuch country, rum of the produce of any Britijh ifland, and alfo negroes which (hall have been brought into the faid iflands reflectively, in Britif-built (hips, owned, navigated, and regiflered

pean fovereign, into any of the ports before mentioned;

and the articles herein enumerated, may be exported from thofc ports, under certain reftri&ions.

according to

and all manner of goods, wares, or mcrchan-

Importation, See. to be under the rules of the recited a$s.

dife which (hall have been legally imported into the faid iflands re-fpedively, except mafts, yards, or bowfprits, pitch, tar, turpentine, and alfo except fuch iron as (hall have been brought from the Britijh colonies or plantations in America 5 any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the importation and exportation of all the faid articles (hall be under the rules, regulations, reftridions, and fecurities, and fubjed to fuch penalties and forfeitures for the breach of them, and fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall be feized, fued for, profecuted, recovered, and applied, in the manner preferibed and provided in the faid ads, or any of them.

CAP. XXXIX.

An att for the better regulation and government offeamen e?nployed in the coafing trade of this kingdom.

WHEREAS by an a5l, made and paffed in the fecond year of

the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled,

%	An	ad for the better regulation and government of feamen in the

fecited. •	mer-

Preamble.

Hosted by

Google

j791-] Anno regni tricefimo primo GEORGIi III. c. 39.	331

merchants fervice, certain provifions are ejlablijhed for the government of feamen in [hips trading to parts beyond the feas, which have been found, by experience, to be highly beneficial to the trade and navigation of this kingdom: and whereas the coafi trade of this kingdom Jlill remains under great difficulties and inconveniences, for want of the like regulations to be applied to, and ejlablijhed in the fame, for the better government thereof: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alFembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, From July i, from and after the firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, it fhall not be lawful for any mailer or comman- trading coaft-der, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of wife, to pro-any fhip or veffel, trading from and to any port or place or ports ceecl on a.

or places in Great Britain, to carry out to fea any feaman or ma- v0>aSe: with-. r ,	..	J	\	r7	out entering

riner (except his apprentice or apprentices; from any port or jnt0 an agrec_

place in Great Britain, to proceed on any voyage to any other ment with the port or place in Great Britain, without having before entered into feamen for an agreement or agreements in writing with fuch feaman or ma-	°r	i

riner, to be figned as well by fuch mailer or commander, or foreach. other perfon as aforefaid, as by fuch feaman or mariner, for the wages which fuch feaman or mariner is to have refpe£tively, during the voyage or voyages, or during the time he (hall have con-traded or entered himfelf for; which contrad or agreement (hall declare what wages each feaman or mariner is to have, and when the fame fhall be payable, and for what time, or for what voyage or voyages fuch feaman or mariner fhall have contraded or entered himfelf, every fuch agreement or agreements to be in force at the time of proceeding to fea on any fuch' voyage; and in cafe any mailer or commander, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any fhip or veffel trading coailwife as aforefaid, fhall carry out to open fea any feaman or mariner (except his apprentice or apprentices) upon any fuch voyage by open fea, without having firft entered into fuch agreement or agreements figned as aforefaid, and fuch agreement or agreements then being in full force, fuch mailer or commander, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of'fuch fhip or veffel, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds for every fuch feaman or mariner which he fhall fo carry out to open fea, to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital, to be recovered upon information, on the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, before any one or more of his Majefty’s juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, riding, fhire, or place in Great Britain, where fuch fhip or veffel fhall depart from or come to in or during fuch voyage, who are hereby authorifed and required refpedively to iffue out his or their warrant or warrants to bring before him or them fuch mailer or commander, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any fuch fhip or veffel; and in cafe fuch mailer or commander, or other perfon as aforefaid, fhall neglect or refufe to pay fuch penalty or forfeiture as aforefaid, to grant his or their

war-

Hosted by Google

Agreements to be binding.

Penalty on feamen neglecting or refilling to proceed on voyages for which they fhall have engaged.

Penalty on feamen absenting them-felves, or de-ferting before the expiration of the time for which they fhall have engaged.

Anno regni tricefimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 39. [1791;

warrant or warrants to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, and in cafe no diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender to the common gaol of the city, county, town, or place, there to remain until he fhall pay the fame.

II.	And be it further enadted, That every feaman or mariner entering himfelf on board any fhip or velfel trading coaftwife as aforefaid, for any intended voyage or voyages, or for any time to be ftipulated in and by fuch agreement or agreements, fhall, and he is hereby required and obliged to fubfcribe his Signature or mark to fuch agreement or agreements refpectively, at the time of his fo entering himfelf; which agreement or agreements, after the fame (hall be fo fubfcribed by fuch feaman or mariner, and figned by the matter or commander, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or vettel, fhall be conclufive and binding to all parties, for and during the time or times fo agreed or contracted for, to all intents and purpofes, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in anywife notwith-ftanding.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any feaman or mariner, after he fhall have entered into fuch agreement or agreements as aforefaid, fhall negleCt or refufe to proceed on the intended voyage or voyages for which he fhall have entered, or upon which fuch fhip or vettel fhall be def-tined to proceed, every fuch feaman or mariner fhall forfeit and pay to the owner or owners of fuch fhip or vettel, all fuch wages as fnall be due to him at the time of his fo neglecting or refufing to proceed on fuch voyage or voyages; and it fhall and may be lawful, upon complaint made of the fame to any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace within their refpeCtive jurifdiCtions, by the matter or commander, owner or owners, or any other perfon or perfons having charge or command of the fhip or vettel to which fuch feaman or mariner did belong, for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required to ittue his warrant to apprehend fuch feaman or mariner; and in cafe fuch feaman or mariner fhall refufe to proceed on the voyage or voyages agreed on, or on the voyage or voyages on which the fhip or vettel fhall be deftined to proceed, within the time contracted for, and fhall not give a fufficient rea-fon for fuch refufal, to the fatisfaCtion of fuch juftice, then tq commit fuch feaman or mariner to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding thirty days, nor lefs than fourteen days.

IV.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any feaman or mariner, after having entered into fuch agreement or agreements as aforefaid, fhall wilfully abfent himfelf from the fhip or vettel to which he fhall belong, before the voyage or voyages agreed upon, or upon which fuch fhip or vettel fhall have proceeded, (hall be completed, and the cargo of fuch fhip or vett. fel delivered, or before the time for which he fhall have contraC^ ed or entered fhall be expired, every fuch feaman and mariner fhall, for every day he fhall be fo abfent from his faid flpp or vett fel? forfeit two days pay to the ufe of-Greenwich HoJpjtal} to be re-?

covered.

Hosted by Google

1791*] Anno regni tricdimo prifno GEp.RQ.ri III. c. 39.	333

covered, applied, and difpofed of as is herein-after direfied; and in cafe any feaman or mariner, not entering into the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, fhall totally leave or quit his faid (hip or veflel before the voyage or voyages agreed upon, or upon which fuch {hip or veflel (hall-have proceeded, fhall be completed, and the cargo of fuch (hip or veflel delivered, or before the expiration of the time for which he {hall have contracted or entered, or before fuch feaman or mariner {hall have a difcharge in writing from the mafter or commander, or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch {hip or veflel, fuch feaman of mariner fo leaving or quitting fuch {hip or veflel fhall forfeit one month’s pay, to be recovered, applied, and difpofed of as hereinafter is directed.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Mailers to the mafter. or commander, or other perfon having or taking the ^^for^eir6 charge or command of any {hip or veflel employed in trading wageSj in the coaftwife as aforefaid, and contracting with any feaman or mari- manner herein ner to perform any fuch voyage, fhalJ, and he is hereby obliged direded, on and required to pay to every fuch feaman or mariner belonging Penaftyofzos. to fuch {hip or veflel, their wages, if demanded, within five days

after fuch fhip or veflel fhall have entered at the cuftom houfe, or the cargo fhall be delivered, or at the time the faid feamen or mariners {hall be difeharged, which {hall firft happen, unlefs an agreement fhall have been made or entered into to the contrary, in which cafe the wages of fuch feamen or mariners fhall be paid in terms of fuch agreement, after deducting, in every fuch cafe, out of fuch wages, the penalties and forfeitures by this at im-pofed, in cafe any fhall have been incurred, upon pain of forfeiting to each feaman or mariner, to whom payment of his wages fhall not have been made according to this at, of the fum of twenty (hillings, to be paid to each fuch feaman or mariner, over and above the wages that fhall be due to him, to be recovered by the fame means and methods as the wages of feamen or mariners may by law be recovered ; and fuch payment of wages as aforefaid fhall be good and valid in law, notwithftanding any ation, bill of fale, attachment, or incumbrance whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enated, That no feaman or mariner, Seamen not by entering into or figning fuch contrat or agreement as afore-

laid, fhall be deprived of, or hindered from, ulmg any means or means for remethods for the recovery of wages againft any fhip, or the maf- covery of ters or owners thereof, which he may now lawfully make ufe of; wages, and in and that in all cafes where it fhall or may be neceflary that the agreement or agreements in writing aforefaid fhould be produced prociuce the in court or elfewhere, no obligation fhall lie on any feaman or agreement, mariner to produce the fame, but fuch obligation fhall lie on the mafter or commander, or other perfon having the charge or command, or the owner or owners of the fhip or veflel for which the wages fhall be demanded; and no feaman or mariner fhall fail, in any fuit, adlion, or procefs for recovery of wages, for want of fuch agreement or agreements being produced, but fhall and may proceed therein as if no fuch agreement in writing had beqn

madej

Hosted by Google

m

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 39. [*791.

made; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithfland-ing;

Penalties to be VII. And be it further ena£led, That the mailers or comman-

of the^mens111 ^ers> or owners> °f any Ihips or v effete, or other perfons wagel,Tndap- having the charge or command thereof, {hall and they hereby plied (except have full power and are required to dedu£l, out of the wages of thofetothe any feaman or mariner, incurring the penalties and forfeiture^ °ifenefSG° imp°fed by this a£l, whenever the fame (hall be incurred, and to-wich Hoibitaf enter them in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and to * make oath, if required, to the truth thereof; which book or books, (hall be figned by the faid mailer or commander, or other perform having the charge or command of each fuch fhip or veflel reflectively, Petting forth that the penalties and forfeitures contained in fuch book or books are the whole penalties and forfeitures flopt' from any Teamen or mariners by fuch mailer or commander, or other perfon as aforefaid; and which penalties and forfeitures (except the forfeiture of wages to the owners on any feamen or mariners refufing to proceed on their voyage or voyages) fhall go to and be applied to the ufe of Greenwich Hojpitol, and fhajl be paid and accounted for by the mailers, commanders, and other perfons having the charge or command of fuch {hips or veffels, to the officer of any port or place who {hall collect the fixpence^r month deduced out of Teamen’s wages for the life of the faid hofpital, which officer {hall have and hereby hath full power to adminiller an oath to every commander, mailer, or other perfon as aforefaid, refpe£liveJy, touching the truth of fuch penalties -and forfeitures.

VIII. And be it further ena£led, That in cafe any mailers or cpmmanders, or owners, of any fuch fhips or vefiels, or other perfon having the charge or command thereof, fhall c3edu£l out of three months the wages of any feamen or mariners any of the penalties and for-**° 'feiftir'es which by this a£l are directed to be deduced and applied Ctf u^Lec. tQ an(j por upe Greenwich HofpitaU and fhall not pay the money fo deduced to fome officer who fhall colleci the fixpence per month deducted out of Teamen’s wages for the ufe of the faid hofpital, in the port or place where fuch deduction fhall be made, within three months after fuch deduction, every fuch perfon fa negledling to pay the money fo deduced as aforefaid, {hall forfeit and pay treble the value thereof to the ufe of the faid hofpital; which, together with the money dcdudled as aforefaid, fhall and may be recovered by the fame means and methods as any penalties and forfeitures for not duly paying the . faid fixpence per month can or may be recovered.

How penalties IX. And be it further ena£led by the authority aforefaid, That certained a * *n ca^es where the feamen or mariners of any fhip or veflel where the fea- trading coaflwife as aforefaid have contracted, or fhall contract,; men contract for wages by the voyage, and not by the month, or other ftated for the voyage, period of time, the penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by fuch feamen or mariners under this a61, fhall be afeertained in manner following (that is to fay), If the whole time fpent in the voyage agreed or proceeded upon fhall exceed one lunar month, the forfeiture of one month’s pay fhall be accounted and deemed a for-O	feiture

Penalty on matters not paying the penalties in

Hosted by Google

^791 •] Anno regni tricefimo primo Gkorgii III. c. 40,	335

feiture of a fum of money bearing the fame proportion to the whole wages, as a lunar mont;h fhall bear to the whole time fpent in the voyage,; and in like manner the forfeiture of two days pay fhall be accounted and deemed a forfeiture of a fum of money bearing the fame proportion to the whole wages, as two days (hall bear to the whole time fpent in the voyage; and if the whole time fpent in the voyage fhall not exceed one lunar month, the forfeiture of one month’s pay fhall be accounted and deemed a forfeiture of the whole wages contrafted for; and if fuch time fhall not exceed two days, the forfeiture of two days pay fhall be accounted and deemed a forfeiture of the whole wages contrafted for.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That no agree- Agreements, ment or agreements, to be made by virtue or under the authority not liable to of this aft, fhall be or be deemed liable to, or charged with, any ftaiT1P duties, ftamp duties whatfoever: and provided alfo. That nothing herein Thisa&notto contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any fhip or extend to vef-veflel trading coaftwife as aforefaid, or to any matter or com- tonsUburthen0 mander, feamen or mariners, belonging thereto, unlefs fuch fhip nor to debar or veflel fhall be of the burthen of one hundred tons or upwards, feamen from and fhall go to open fea: and provided alfo, That nothing in this entering into aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to debar any fervice^ ^ * feaman or mariner, belonging to any fuch fhip or veflel, from entering or being entered into the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, on board any of his or their fhips or veflels, nor fhall fuch feaman or mariner, for fuch entry, forfeit the wages due to him during the term of his fervice in fuch fhip or veflel,. nor fhall fuch entry be deemed a defertion.

CAR XL.

An att for efablifhing and confirming a certain refolution or order of the governor general in council ofFtirt William in Bengal, and all aids done by virtue thereof and for granting further powers to the Jaid governor general, during his rcfidence on the coajls of Coromandel and Malabar.

WHEREAS, fome time in the month ^November one thoufand Preamble.

feven hundred and ninety, the right honourable Charles earl Order of the Cornwallis, governor general of the prefdency of Fort William in council of Bengal, and the council of Fort William aforefaid, did,\ by their fa ^engal^Qf order or a£l in council, refolve, that the faid governor general Jhould Nov. 17901 be invefed with the full power and authority ofthe faid government of recited;

Fort William, in all matters which refpetted the conduct and profe-cution of the prefent war with Tippoo Sultaun, or the negotiating and concluding peace with him% and alfo with the full power and authority of the faid government to form fuch arrangements, and to conclude fuch feveral engagements or treaties with any of the chiefs or powers in India, as he Jhould judge expedient and necejfaryfor the termination of the prefent war with Tippoo Sultaun, or for the advancement of the inter efts of the united company of ?ner chants ^England

Hosted by Google

336 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 46. [1791;

land trading to the Eaft Indies, or for the Jlrift and permanent efta-> blijhment and confirmation of the alliances which did then fubfifl, or which he Jhould judge it neceffdry to form, with the faid chiefs and powers refpeftively; thereby declaring, that all fuch acts and ordersy and all fuch engagements and treaties made as aforefaid,\ Jhould be binding on the [aid governor general and council, in the j'ame manner, and as effectually, as if the fame had been pajjed and done by the fpecial and immediate concurrence and aftual fanftion of the governor general in council affembled: and whereas it is expedient that the faid aft or order in council, and all afts done or to be done by the faid governor general by virtue thereof Jhould be ejlablijhed and confirmed, and that the faid governor generalJhould alfo be invefted withfuch further powers as may enable him to aft with promptitude and ejfeft, as opportunities or exigencies may in his judgement appear to require, during the continuance of the prefent war, and during fuch time as the faid Charles earl Cornwallis fall be refident out of the prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, for the purpofes of co?nmanding the forces engaged in the faid war, or of negotiating any treaty of peace, or other treaty, with any of the princes or powers in India; be it therefore enacffed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-and confirm- liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the ec*’	faid a<SI or order in council, and the faid powers or authorities

thereby given or therein contained, fhall be, and the fame are hereby eftablifhed, ratified, and confirmed, and {hall be held, deemed, and taken, from the date or making thereof, to have been, and to be valid and effe&ual in the law; and that all fuch acts, orders, and directions, matters and things, and all engagements and treaties which have been or {hall be made or done by the faid governor general, by virtue or in purfuance of the faid a£t or order in council, and the powers therein contained, fhall be binding and valid, in like manner, and as effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been palled, made, or done by the laid governor general in council at Fort William aforefaid. EarlCornwal- II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That lis, while he during the time that the faid Ooarles earl Cornwallis fhall continue continues go- tQ g0vern0r general as aforefaid, and fhall be refident in the and refides in prefidencies of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or fhall be refident India, may, in in any other part of India, either in the execution of his duty as his own name, commander in chief of the forces, or for the purpofe of negociating tie^with^an * any treaty peace, or other treaty, confequent upon the faid Jf th^powers war* with any °* t^e princes or powers in India^ it fhall and may there;	be lawful for him the faid Charles earl Cornwallis, for and on the

behalf of the faid company, in his own name, and by his own proper authority, finally to conclude fuch engagements, treaties, and agreements, with any of the chiefs or powers in India9 as the faid earl fhall judge expedient or neceffary, either for the more vigorous and effectual profecution of the faid war, or for the termination thereof, or otherwife for the fecurity or advancement of the rights and interefts of the faid company, or for the more permanent qftablifhment and confirmation of the alliances which al-^	ready

Hosted by Google

1791 -1 Anno regni tricefimo primeGeorgii III. c. 40.	337

ready fubfift, or which the faid Charles earl Cornwallis (hall judge it neceffary to form with the faid chiefs and powers refpectively; and to iffue and enforce fuch orders, directions, and inftructions and may iffue to the refpective governors and councils of the prefidencies of governors and Fort Saint George and Bo?nbay refpedfively, and to make, do, exe- councils of cute, conclude, and perform, all and every fuch further and other Fort St. ats, deeds, matters, and things whatever, relating to or concern- George an<j* ing the rights and interefts of the faid company or their allies in om ^ c’ India, as the faid governor general might now make, give, do, execute, or perform, in council affembled at Fort William afore-faid; and that all engagements, treaties, agreements, orders, directions, intrusions, acts, deeds, matters, and things whatfoever, as well fuch as have been fince the twenty-fir ft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, as fuch as {hall, during the continuance of the faid war, be hereafter negociated, concluded, made, done, tranfacted, iffued, or executed by the faid earl Cornwallis, in and by his own foie name and authority, touching or concerning the matters aforefaid, fhall be binding, valid, and effectual, and that all and every perfon or perfons fhall pay due obedience thereto, in like manner, to all intents, conftructions, and purpofes, as if the fame had been iffued, negociated, concluded, made, done, tranfadled, or executed, refpectively, by the governor general in council at Fort William, or by the preiidenc or governor in council at Fort William, or by the president or governor in council of Fort Saint George, or by the prefident or governor in council of Bombay, under the order or direction of the governor general in council of Fort William aforefaid refpectively ; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Sari Cornwall if the faid Charles earl Cornwallis {hall, during the time aforefaid,

judge it neceffary to iffue any orders or directions to any of the Servants of the

fervants of the laid united company, acting under the authority united com-

of the refpective prefidencies aforefaid, without previoully com- Pany without

municating fuch orders and directions to the refpective governors Prevl°u^y

&	„	i	o	co mm uni ca-

and councils of the feveral prefidencies under the authority of tjng them to

which fuch fervants fhall be acting, fuch fervants refpectively the refpedtive fhall, and they are hereby required to obey the fame; and the faid governors and Charles earl Cornwallis fhall, and he is hereby required to tranf- councl*s> &c* mit, by the fir ft opportunity, to the governors and councils of the refpective prefidencies within which fuch orders and directions are to be executed, copies of all fuch orders and directions refpectively as fhall be fo given, together with the rcafons, fet forth in writing, which to him made it appear neceffary to iffue fuch orders and directions without fuch communication as aforefaid, and fhall alfo in like manner tranfmit other copies of the fame, with the reafons- aforefaid, to the court of directors of the faid united company.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Duration of

all and every the powers hereby given to the faid Charles earl Corn- '*he Powfrs ,

/	*	#	j	o	#	hereby civcn*

walks fhall have continuance until three months after the termi- 3 6	*

Vqjl. XXXVII.	Z	_	nation

Hosted by Google

338 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 41. [1791.

nation of the laid war, or until the return of the faid. Charles earl Cornwallis to Fort William aforefaid, or until his departure from

Lidia for Europe.

Which are to V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That devolve to the all and every the powers by this a<ft given to the faid Charles earl iord^Corn° Cormuallis’^ (hall and may, on the death, refignation, recall, or wallis. * departure from India^ of the faid Charles earl Cornwallis, be exer-cifed by major general William Meadows, in cafe he fhould fut-ceed to the faid offices of governor general, and commander in chief of all the company’s forces in India, or by any other perfon who {hall fucceed to the faid offices of governor general, and commander in chief, in like manner, and under the like reftric-tions, as the fame may be exercifed by the faid Charles earl Corn-wallis by virtue of this a61.

Powers may VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enadled, That it {hall

thercourteofby and

may be lawful for the court of diredtors of the united com-direftors with Pany °f merchants trading to the Eaft Indies, with the approba-the approba- tion of the commiffioners for the affairs of India, to revoke and tion of the determine by an inftrument Under their common feal, the faid fo^^e^ffahs Powers ^ere^Y g*veu to the faid Charles earl Cormvallis, at any of India. time w^en they {hall judge it expedient and neceffary, and that the fame fhall be revoked and determined accordingly, on the receipt of fuch inftrument as aforefaid by the faid Charles earl Corn-wallis, or by fuch perfon as fhall be appointed to or {hall fucceed the faid Charles earl Cornwallis, in the faid offices of governor general, and commander in chief.

CAP. XLI.

An aft for granting to his Majefty certain furns of money out of the con-folidated fund; for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety*one; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.

3»675,oool. may be iffiied out of the confolidated fund; which maybe raifed by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the faid fund. Money lent on fecurity of this aft not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be ftruck, &c. Orders for repayment to be registered and paid in courfe. No fee to be taken for regiftering, &c. on penalty of treble value and cofts, and alfo lots of place. Penalty for taking fees, and for undue preference in regiftering, &c. liable to action, and to pay value of debt and full cofts, and to be forejudged his office ; but deputy only liable himfelf; and auditor, and clerk of the pells, and tellers of the exchequer, liable to the fame. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the fame date brought the fame day, are entered firft, lo they are all entered; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for. payment, if money be referred to difeharge them. Orders affignable. Treafury may order the fum hereby granted to be raifed by exchequer bills, in the manner pre-feribed by the land tax aft of the prefent feffions; the provilions of which aft (except fuch as charge the bills on the land tax, and limit the rate of intereft) to extend to this. Bills and intereft, Sec. to be difeharged out of the confolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the Credit of this aft. 303,2211.9s. cd. eq. furplus of the confolidated fund, on April 5, 1791, and 10,137b 4$. for payment of bounties on hemp and flax, to he iffiued towards the fupply. Monies raifed by the land tax, malt aft, loans, 1,833,000b loans, 3,500,000b Further loans, 2,coo oool. Lottery. 303,221b 9s. 2q. furplus of the confolidated fund; 10,137b 4s.' for payment

Hosted by Google

339

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo prlmo Gkorcii III. c. '

hient of bounties on hemp and flax, and 3,675,0001. hereby granted out df confolidated fund, fhall be applied (with the relidue of the fale of French prizes) to the ufes hereafter expreffed. 2,443,405b 13s. 4d. for naval fer-vices, 1791.	1,565,0001. for the late naval augmentation. 151,6001. to-

wards the expence of the ordnance, on account of the late armament.

3,857b 5s. id. for land fervice of the ordnance, prior to Dec. 31, 1783.

36,613!. 19s. id. For land fervice of the ordnance, in 1789.	25,2781.12s.

Fbr fea fervice of the ordnance, in 1789. 2,159b 4s. 5d. for land fervice of the ordnance, in 1790.	381,769b	18s. 3d. for land fervice of the ord-

nance, in 179 r. 64,000b towards the expences of the late afmamefit; arid 41,000b towards the expences of provifions for the troops in the Eaft and Weft Indies. 1,856,326b 10s. iori 3q. for land forces, in 1791 ; viz.

570,499b irs. 2d. 2q. for 17,013 effective men, officers, Sec. in Great Britain, &c.	329,5441.	10s. for forces in the plantations, See. 8,487b

10s. yd. difference between Britiffi and Irifh eftablifhments of feven battalions of foot; 11,435b 12s.10d.2q. for regiments ferving in the Eaft Indies; 64,5001. for recruiting land forces, and contingencies; 15,551b 14s. 5d. 3q. for fupernumerary officers; 6,409b 8s. for general and ftaff officers in Great Britain; 63,276b 5s. 8d. to the paymafter general, fecre-tary at war, See. 155,287b 5s. 56. for reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 10,oool. for reduced officers of the late independent companies; 212b 14s. 76. for reduced officers, Sec. of the horfe guards;

55,092b 10s. for reduced officers of the Britifh-American forces, and 4,907b ios. for allowances to them; 3,161b 10s. iod. for officers late in the fervice of the States General; 9,710b 4s. 3d. for widows peiffions;

174,167b 4s. 3d. 2q. for Chelfea hofpital; 36,093b 15s. to the Landgrave of Heffe, for his fubfidy for the year 1791; 2,754b 5s. 8d. 2q. for augmentation of the corps in New South Wales; 335,234b 18s. for extraordinaries of the army in 1790.	3,500,000b	to pay off exchequer bills*

30 Geo. 3.	2,000,000b to difeharge further ditto, ditto. 1,000.oool. to

pay off ditto, ditto. 6 7,948b 12s. iod. iffued in purfuance of addreffes of the houfe of commons. 6,376b 17s. 6d. for the civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia, from Jan. 1, 1791, to Jan. 1, 1792. 4.400b for New Brunfvvick, in America, from June 24, 1791, to June 24, 1792.	1,840b for the ffiand

of Saint John, in America, from Jan. 1, 1791, to Jan. 1, 1792,	2,100b

for Cape Breton, in America, from June 24, 1791, to June 24, 1792.

1,182b ios. for Newfoundland, to defray the falaries of governor and civil officers, from April 1, 1791, to April 1, 1792.	4,180b	for	the	Ba-

hama iflands, for defraying the charge of civil eftablifhment, in addition to the falaries now paid to the publick officers out of the duty fund, from Jan. 1, 1791, to Jan. 1, 1792.	580b to the chief juftice of Bermuda, or

Somers I[lands, from June 24, 1791, to June 24, 1792. 6col. lalary to the chief juftice of Dominica, from Jan. 1, 1791, to Jan. 1, 1792. 4,758b 6s. 3d. 3q. for the civil eftablifhment of New South Wales, from 061. 10,

1791, to Od. 10, 1792.	13,000b for forts in Africa. 5,911b 43. 3d. for

roads and bridges in the highlands of North Britain. 231,5 33b 8s. 7d. iq. for orders made out purfuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. for fufferers by Ioffes cccafioned by the ceilion of Eaft Florida to Spain. 92,590]. 17s. 6d. for orders made out purfuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. for fufferers by Ioffes oeca-iioned by the ceffion of Eaft Florida to Spain. 2000b for fecuringthe harbour of Cat water and Sutton Pool, near Plymouth. 25,000b for the buildings at Somerfct-houfe. 1,565b 3d. for profecuting offenders againft the coin laws. 12,016b 18s. 7d. 2q. for the extraordinary expences of the mint in 1790.	3,500b for mafons work at Carleton Houfe. 34,210b 5s*

iffued out of the civil lift to the duke of Clarence. 1,546b 7s. iod. annuity to the late duke of Cumberland. 31,000b iffued out of the civil lift for relief of American fufferers, and 1,271b 17s. for payment of fees at the exchequer. 775b 18s. 8d. iq. iffued to Mr. Cotton, to pay bills of exchange, by direction of the Treafury 766b 16s. 6d. to reimburle Mr.

Davifon for 500 calks of hempfeed fent to Canada. 4,237b 4s. id. for contingencies due from the office for auditing publick accounts. 29,613b is. 8d. for provifions, &c. fent to New South Wales. 41,716b ios. 7d. iffued to D. Campbell, efq. for convicts on the Thames. 10,849b is. 6d. iffued toH. Bradley* efq. for convidts at Plymouth. 14,153b 3s. 9d. ex-

21 %	pences

Hosted by Google

340 Anno regnj tricefimo prirno Georgii HI. c. 42. [1791.

pences^of trial of W. Baitings, efq. 500I. ifTued to the fecretary of the commiffioners under the (lave a eft. 4,000!. ifTued to the commiffioners of the land revenues. 3,600b ifTued to the fecretary of the commiffioners for enquiring into the Ioffes of American loyalifts. a,0181. 19s. ad. arrear of falary due to Gabriel Johnfton, governor of North Carolina. 24,000!* to the commiffioners for enquiring into the Ioffes of American loyalifts. 5,iool. to the commiffioners for enquiring into Ioffes in Eaft Florida. 6,7621. 19s. to the Tons of the late bey of Algiers. 207,7281. 3s. id. for deficiency of grants, for the year 1790. Supplies to be applied for the purpofes before mentioned, See. Rules to be obferved in the application of the fum granted for half pay. By 30 Geo. 3. c. 32. a fum not exceeding 162,797b 18s. 4d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1790. The overplus ot which fum to be difpofed of to officers maimed, See. or to their widows and children, as his Majefty fhall dire (ft.

CAP. XL1I.

An aft for indemnifying all perfons who have been concerned in advifng or carrying into execution a certain order of council refpefting the importation of a limited quantity of faltpctre ; for repealing the duties now payable upon the importation of faltpctre; andfor granting other duties in lieu thereof

Preamble.	W 7 HE RE AS his MajeJly, by an order in council bearing date

Order of W the twenty-fifth of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and council, Aug. ninety, was pleafed to order, by the advice of his privy council, that erted*^0* 1C~ any 9.uant'lty of faltpctre, not exceeding one thoufand tons, the product or marnifaftiire of any country whatever^ might be imported into this kingdom, on fecurity being given to his MajeJly, his heirs and fuccef-fors, in fuel? fum as the lords conmiiffwners of his MajeJly’s treafury Jhould think reafonable and proper, for the payment of fuel? duties y for the quantity of faltpetre which Jhould be jo imported, as jhould he directed by any aft or afts of parliament which Jhould be made in that behalf, and alfo for the delivering of a part of the faltpetre which Jhould be /o imported as aforefaid, if the fame Jhoulcl be demanded., to fuel? perfons ufing faltpetre in their refpeftivc manufactures^ as were buyers of faltpetre at the lajl September fale of the united company of merchants trading to the Eaft Indies, which Jhould bear the fame proportion to the quantity hereby allowed to be imported (not exceeding one thoufand tons) as the quantity pur chafed by fuel? buyers refpeftively at the lajl September fa 'le of the united company of merchants trading to the Eaft Indies, bore to the whole quantity then fokf at a price equal to the prime cojl only, together with a rateable proportion of all aftual charges and dijbur foments attending the pur chafe and importation of the fame: and whereas the fa id order was yiecejfary, under the circum-Jlances of the cafe, for the publickfervice, and it is therefore ft that all perfons advifng or acting under or in obedience to the faid order fi?ould be indemnified; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Perfons ading afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all perfonal cited^orderin~ a<^*ons anc*	indictments,	informations,	and all protections,

demnifkd. and proceedings whatsoever, which have been or fhall be protected or commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for or by

reafon

Hosted by Google

i 791 -D Anno regni rricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 42.	341

reafon of any abl, matter, or thing, advifed, commanded, appointed or, done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the faid order, be, are, and (hall be made void by virtue of this abl; and that if any ablion or fuit fhall be profecuted or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for or by reafon of any fuch abl, matter, or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed or done, or forborne to be done, he, fhe, or they may plead the general ifiue, and give this abl and the fpecial matter in evidence.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That f

there fhall be raifed, colledted, and paid, unto and for the ufe-of to be p^for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, a duty of feven fhillings and faltpetre im-nine-pence for each and every one hundred weight of faltpetre, ported by vir-which has been or fhall be imported by virtue of the faid order. ^e°/ rcCltec*

III.	And whereas the quantity offaltpetre at prefent in this kingdo?n, is alledged hy the manufacturers not to be fujpcient for the fuppdy of the feveral manufactures in zvhich this article is ifed; be it therefore

further enabled by the authority aforefaid, 4'hat at any time or BeforeSept. r, times, before the fir ft day of Septe?nber one thoufand feven hun- i79r>.hisMa-dred and ninety-one, it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, cil ma^permit by and with the advice of his privy council, to permit the impor- the importa-tation into this kingdom, from any foreign country, of any quan- tion of 1000 tity of faltpetre, not exceeding one thoufand tons, the produce or tons °^!t“ manufacture of any country whatever, fubjebl to the duty of feven to t'he i'aid du-fhillings and nine-pence for each and every one hundred weight ty, foitbeim-of fuch faltpetre, and fubjebl to fuch regulations as his Majefty in ported before his faid order fhall think fit to make-; provided, that fuch impor- June tation be ablually made before the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

IV.	And whereas it will he for the benefit offever al of the manufactures of this kingdom, that better provifon jhould be made for a more

ample and confant fupply of faltpetre, in whatever foreign country the fame ?nay be produced or manufactured, at a reafonable price, and that the fever al duties now payable onfaltpetre imported into this kingdom fl)ould on that account be repealed, and that one duty Jhould be fub-Jlitutedin lieu thereof; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the before mentioned firft day From Sept. 1, of Septe?nber one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, the duty I791’ the du-of feven fhillings and nine-pence per hundred weight, impofed on a|^jSe \m~ faltpetre imported by the laid united company, and of two fhil- ported failings and three pence per hundred weight, impofed on faltpetre petre to ceafe* otherwife imported, by an abt pailcd in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aCtfor repealing the fever al duties of cujioms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof andfor applying the faid duties, together with the other duties, compofing the publick revenue \ for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, fhall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; except fo far as relates to any faltpetre permitted, or which fhall be:

Z 3	permitted

Hosted by

Google

34-2 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 42. [f 791 • (except fait- permitted to be imported, by his Majefty’s orders in council be-ted^o ?beTm- ^°re ment^one^5 and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, ported by his allowing, or paying, any arrears of the before mentioned duties Majefty’s or- refpectively, which may at any time remain unpaid, or to any derincouncil), fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto refpe&ively, which fhall have been incurred at any time on or before the faid firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one. and a-duty of V. And be it further en added by the authority aforefaid, That be*PJdCWt*t0 ^rom anc^ a^ter the htft day of September one thoufand feven hun-1	* dred and ninetv-one, in lied and inftead of the duties hereby re-

pealed, there fliall be raifed, levied, colledted, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelfors, in ready money, without any dif-count or abatement whatever, a duty of three-pence for each and every one hundred weight of faltpetre imported into the kingdom of Great Britain, from any country whatever, except fo far as relates to any faltpetre permitted, or which fhall be permitted to be imported by his Majefty’s orders in council before mentioned, which is to be fubject to the duty of feven (hillings and' nine-pence per hundred weight, as before directed.

Duties to be VI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That levied, See, as the faid duty of feven (hillings and nine-pence, impofed on each

nov^in^force an^ every hundred weight of-faltpetre permitted to be imported by now in orce. ^	by	and with the advice of his privy council, in man-

ner before mentioned, and the faid duty of three-pence hereinbefore impofed on each and every hundred weight of faltpetre imported after the firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, fhall be levied, raifed, colledted, paid, managed, recovered, and applied, in the fame manner, and under the fame rules, regulations, conditions, and reftridtions, and fubjedt to the fame forfeitures and penalties for the breach thereof, as are contained in any law now in force with refpeef to faltpetre imported into this kingdom.

VII.	And in order to injure at all times the J,apply of a fuffeieni quantity of faltpetre for the life of the m am failures of this country, and the fale thereof at a reafonable rate y be it further enadted by the From Sept, i, authority aforefaid, That, from and after the firft day of September 1791, theEaft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, the faid united com-Pany (hail, and they are hereby required, half-yearly, at each of fale,half-year-	their publick lales, to put up five thoufand bags of faltpetre more

iy. certain	than fhall appear, upon an average taken of the tour laft preceding

faltnetre at°f fales> to have been fold by the faid united company, at each of the certarates *	at	the	Pr^ce thirty-one (hillings per hundred weight,

’ and not higher, in time of peace, and at the price of forty (hillings per hundred weight, and not higher, in time of war or publick hoftility; and that the refraction of fuch faltpetre fo put up fhall not exceed, on an average, five pounds in every one hundred and twelve pounds of fuch ialtpetre. on failure of V III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That which, his	jn cafe the united company fhall not, as before directed, de-

councifmay	chroy within fourteen days before each publick fale, their inten-

permit theim- tion to put up, or In cafe they (hall not each publick fale put up portationofjtj " ‘	•	:	■	'	the

Hosted by Google

1791.]] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 421	345

the before mentioned quantity of fuchfaltpetre at the before fubjedl to the mentioned prices refpe&ively, it fhall and may be lawful, from duty of 3d. per and after the firft day of Septe7?iber one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, for his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council,- to permit the importation from any foreign country of the whole of the faid quantity of faltpetre, or of fo much thereof, as the cafe may be, the produce or manufacture of any country whatever, fubject to the faid duty of three-pence for each and every hundred weight thereof, as fhall be fufficient to make the quantity fo declared andfo put up by the faid united company, at the price herein-before directed, amount to the full quantity of five thoufand bags more than fhall appear, by an average taken of the four laft preceding fales, to have been fold by the faid united company at each of the faid fales; and the importation of fuch quantity of faltpetre, fubjeft to the faid duty of three-pence for each and every hundred weight thereof, fhall be in fuch manner, and under fuch regulations, reftridhions, fecurities, and conditions, as his Majefty, by and with the advice aforefaid, fhall order.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That How the ave-the faltpetre, fo permitted to be imported, fhall, for the purpofe togbe°redcc)Sn-of taking the average of four preceding fales, in manner herein- ecj.

before diredted, be deemed and reckoned as fold by the faid united company, and be included in and made a part of fuch average.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, From Sept, i, from and after the firft day of September one thoufand feven hun- ^p1^^11311^1 dred and ninety-one, fo much of an adt, palled in the fourth year c# * as grants of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, an allowance Aji aft for granting an alloivance upon the exportation of Britifh-TWtfdfe °f 4S- 6d. on gunpowder, as grants an allowance of four fhillings and fixpence

for every barrel of fuch gunpowder, containing one hundred pOWder ex-*1* pounds net weight, exported out of this kingdom; and alfo fo ported, and much of an adt, palled in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the more effeftital encouragement of the mamfaftures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, as enadts, That the duties of cuftoms payable and chargeable by any f° much of adt or adts of parliament on the importation of faltpetre, ufed and diowsl*77* confumed in making oil of vitriol, fhall be repaid and drawn back, drawback of be, and the fame are* hereby repealed.	the duties on

imported faltpetre, ufed in making oil of vitriol, repealed.

XL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That S° much of fo much of an act, palled in the firft year of the reign of her late * majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft flof granting an aid to her quires tlieEaft Mujefly by diversfubfidies and a la?id tax, as requires the faid united India compa- . company to deliver yearly, (if demanded) the quantity of four PY to deliver hundred and ninety-four tons and one quarter of faltpetre, into ftoresacert^n the ftores of her Majefty, her heirs and JuccefTors, at the price of quantity of forty-five pounds per ton in time of peace, and fifty-three pounds faltpetre, re-per ton in time of war or publick hoftility, be, and the lame is pealed,and the hereby repealed ; and that, in lieu thereof, the faid united company i^mentioned** fhall yearly referve and deliver into the ftores of his Majefty, his tobedelivered, lieirs and fuccpflbrs, five hundred tons of faltpetre, at the average

Z 4	prices

Hosted by Google

344 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgxi III. c. 43. [ 179x•

prices at which the faid united company {hall have declared and put up faltpetre at their pubHck fales, during the current year, the refraction of fuch faltpetre not to exceed five pounds in every one hundred and twelve pounds weight; and if the refraction of iuch faltpetre fhall exceed the rate aforefaid, then the overplus of fuch refraction, at the rate aforefaid, fhall be allowed and repaid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, by the faid united com-,	pany,	out	of	the	faid price; and if the refradtion of fuch faltpetre

be lefs or under five pounds in every one hundred and twelve pounds weight, then the faid united company fhall be allowed and paid by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, at the price aforefaid, f> much more as the difference between the real refraCtion of the faltpetre fo delivered, and the before-mentioned refraCtion of five pounds in every one hundred and twelve pounds, fhall „ amount to.

on failure of XII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That which, his	cafe	the faid united company fhall in any year not referve and

councfl may deliver into the ftores of his Majefty, his heirs and fuceeflbrs, the authorife the whole of the faid refpeCtive quantities of faltpetre, as the cafe may matter general be, of the quality and at the price before-mentioned, it fhall and of the ord- niay p,e lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, by and port ft, ftibjedt t^ie a<^v^ce	or	t*le^r privy council, to authorife and per-

to theduty of mit the mailer general of the ordnance to import, for the ufe of 3d. per cwt. his Majefty, his heirs or fucceftors, the whole of fuch refpeCtive quantities of faltpetre, as the cafe may be, or fo much thereof, the produce or manufacture of any country whatfoever, fubjeCt to the faid duty of three-pence per hundred weight, as'fhail be fufficient to make the quantity referved and delivered into the faid ftores amount to the refpeCtive full quantities of faltpetre, as the cafe may be, herein-before required.

CAP, XLIII.

An act to continue feveral laws, relating to the granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britifh and Irifh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the importing fait from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of Britifh-made cordage; to continue and amend feveral laws relating to the encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the Greenland feas and Davis’s Streights ; and to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfils made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the reducing of artificers and workmen employed in thofe manufactures to go into parts beyond the feas; and to make perpetual an ad made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to permit the free importation of raw goat fkins into this kingdom.

29 Geo. 2. c. 15. for granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britifh and Jrilh linens exported, &c. continued to Junej24, 1792, &c. 4 Geo. 3. c. 12. for importing fait into Quebec, continued until June 24, 1795.	6	Geo.	3.

c. 45. fo far as relates to granting a bounty on exportation of Brftifh-made cordage, which was revived by 26 Geo. 3. c. 85. continued for 4 years. 26 Geo. 3. c. 41, for the encouragement of the Greenland fifhery, and fo much of 29 Geo. 3. c. 53, as relates to fifliing in the Greenland feas and Dayis’s Streights, continued until Dec. 25, 1792* Harpooners, kc. in the Greenland fifhery not to be imprefled, and when not employed therein

may

Hosted by Google

1791 •] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 44,45.	345

may fail in the coafting trade. Mariners in the Greenland iithery not to be imprdfed for a limited time. 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. extending to other tools and utenfils. 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. continued to the end of the next fef-iion. 15 Geo. 3. c. 35. to permit the free importation of raw goat fkins, made perpetual.

CAP. XLIV.

An aft to continue the feveral laws therein mentioned, fo far as relates to the afeertaining the ftrength of fpirits by Clarke’s hydrometer.

So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as direfts that all fpirits (hall be deemed of the ftrength denoted by Clarke’s hydrometer, continued to the end of the next feflion.

CAP. XLV.

An aB for the encouragement of the pilchard fifhery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured., and exported.

WHEREAS by an aB, ?nade in the fifth year of the reign 0/* Preamble.

the late King George the Firft, intituled, An.adffor re- 5Geo.i.c.18. covering the credit of the Britijh fifhery in foreign parts, and better fecuring the duties upon fait, it is (among other things) enaBed,

That a certain bounty J.hall be paidfor every cajk or vejfel of pilchards, exported fro?n any port or place in Great Britain into parts beyond the feas, under the refiriBions and regulations in the faid aB mentioned: and zuhereas by another aB, made in the third year of the reign of the late King George the Second., intituled, An adf for taking off cer- 3 Geo. 2. c.20. tain duties on fait, and for making good any. deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity payable to the Eaf India company on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lyon executor of Mattheiv Page deceafed, in refpedf of the duty for fait loft by the overflowing of the river Merfey, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-four y further provifons are made for the co?itinuance and refpeBing the payment of the before mentioned bounty: and whereas by an aB, pa (fed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefy^ intituled, An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fifh- 2-5Geo.3<c.<8. ery, by allowing a further bounty on pilchards taken, cured, and exported, the bounty given and fecured by the faid two before mentioned aBs was increafed upon all pilchards which Jhould be exported from the twenty fifth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, to the twenty fifth day of June one thoufandfeven hundred and eighty-fix, in mamier therein nmitioned: and whereas by another aB, made and paffied in the tiventyfixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An add to continue and amend an a£f, made in and 26 Geo. 3. the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the c* 45* rec*ted* encouragement of the pilchard fifhery, by alloiving a farther bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exportedthe laft recited aB was continued for five y ear sy from the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, with fuch amendment as in the faid aB of the twenty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty is mentioned: and whereas the faid laft mentioned aB will expire on the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand'feven hundred and ninety-oney and the faid

a	fijhery

Hosted by Google

346 Anno regni tricefimo primo GeorGII III. c. 45. [1791.

fijhery is of great importance to the nation, by promoting ufeful induf-try, pfoviding for great numbers of poor people, and ferving as a nur-fery for able feamen., and it is necejfary,for the prefervation of the faid fijhery, that a bounty Jhoidd be continued to be allowed on the fame for a limitedtime, in fuch manner as herein-after ?nentioned: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it maybe enacted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, An additional That for every cafk or veftel of pilchards containing fifty gallons, bounty of is. and fo in proportion for a lefs quantity thereof, which (hall be exported from any port or place in Great Britain, into parts be-exported beS- yonc^ the feas, between the twenty-fourth day of June one thou-tween June fand feven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fourth day of 24) 1791* June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, upon which June24,.i798? the Per^on or perfons exporting the fame fhall be intitlcd to the fuch6 ^erfons bounty °f feven {killings by virtue of or under the faid two feveral as fliall be adts °f the ^fth year of the reign of the late King George the intitled to the Firft, and the third year of the reign of the late King George the bounty of 7s. Second, an additional bounty of one fliilling and iixpence fhall be

paid and payable to fuch perfon and perfons fo intitled to the faid two firit re- f	grJ n .... r r	r r	r	.

bounty of feven millings, at luch times, in luch manner, by fuch

perfon and perfons, and out of fuch monies as the faid bounty of

feven {hillings is by the fame adds, or either of them, directed to

be paid.

II.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That the fame rules and regulations fhall be in force with refpedt to the pilchards ex-

tobe'obferved*. potted within the time herein-before mentioned, in order to prevent the relanding or reimporting thereof, and the owners thereof {hall be fubjedt to the fame penalties, in cafe of relanding, or any other fraudulent proceedings, in order to obtain the faid bounties granted and payable by this add, as by the faid adl, palled in the fifth year of the reign of the late King George the Firft, are.preferred and inflidted with regard to fifh cured in, and exported from, that part of Great Britain called England.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That where any fi{h intitled to the bounty granted by this add, upon

cited ads.

Rules preferred by 5 Geo. 1. c.18.

If fifh intitled to the bounty

f>oil°ed before exPortation thereof, fhall be loaden for exportation, and duly en the voyage, a tered and pafled by the proper officer, and fhall be loft or fpoiled debenture for before the fhip’s proceeding on her voyage, then the proper offi-the lame to be cer Gf the p0rt or ports where fuch fifh fo loft or fpoiled was or certain condi- be entered, (hall, upon due proof thereof made upon oath, tions. ^ before any of the chief officers of fuch port, (who are hereby im-powered to adminifter the fame), by the proprietor or proprietors of fuch fifh, or his or their agent or agents, give a debenture for the bounty granted by this adl, as if fuch fifh had been actually exported to parts beyond the feas; provided that the faid fifh was funk in the fea or port where the faid fhip was loft: or de-itroyed, in the fight of the proper officer, where any of the faid fifh fhall come afhore; and that no ufe be made of the faid fifh by the proprietor or-proprietors, or his or their agents; and the fard

officer

Hosted by Google

3 47

1791 •] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 45.

officer is hereby required to caufe fuch fifh to be burnt or other-wife deftroyed, any thing in this, or any other aft, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV,	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft,' he or they fhall or may plead the general iffue, and give this aft General ilTue. and the lpecial matters in evidence for his or their defence; and

if upon trial a verdift pafs for the defendant or defendants, or if

the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuit, or difcontinue or forbear

profecuting fuch aftion, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall

have double cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff Double colts,

or plaintiffs; for which cofts he or they fhall have the like remedy

as in other cafes where cofts are by law given to defendants.

V,	And be it further enafted, That the cofts and charges in- How the cident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this aft fhall charges of be borne, paid, and defrayed by the feveral perfons to whom the are tobe faid additional bounty of one fhilling and fixpence fhall be payable pa^

and paid, rateably and in proportion according to the fum or fums of money fo by them refpeftively received, but not exceeding one fhilling and fixpence on each cafk or vefiel of pilchards containing fifty gallons; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI,	And be it further enafted, That this aft fhall be deemed, Publiek a&. taken, and allowed in all courts of law, as a publiek aft; and

fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and others whomfoever, without being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. XLVI.

An aut for the better regulating ofgaols, and other places of confinement.

FOR the better regulation of gaols, and other places of confinement Preamble.

ufed as houfes of correction or penitentiary houfes, in and for the jeveral counties, ridings> and divifions, within that part of Great Britain, called England: be it enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the juftices of the peace Juftices in fef-affembled at one or more general or quarter feifions for any fi°.n to aP* county, riding, or divifion, or at any fpecial adjournment thereof, held for fuch exp refs purpofe, of which feftions or adjournment officers for publiek notice fhall have been given in fome newfpaper circulat- houfes of coring in fuch county, and figned by the clerk of the peace, and at region, &c. which five juftices at leaft fhall be prefent, fhall appoint a governor or talk mafter, and fuch other officers for every place of confinement ufed as a'houfe of correction, or penitentiary houfe, in and for fuch county, riding, or divifion, and with fuch falaries and allowances for the faid governor, and other officers, as they the faid juftices, or the major part of them, fhall deem neceffary, and to order or direft the faid falaries to be paid out of the county fate: and the laid juftices fhall from time to time have power, at an<! may re-,	'	their

Hosted by Google

Officers to give fecuvity for performance of their duties, and may be proceeded againft forncgled, ! &c.

7 Jac. i. c. 4

i7Geo. 2.C.5.

Governors may be compelled to quit pofleflion.

Juftices in fef-fion to make rules for penitentiary houfes, See.

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgix III. c. 46. [1791*

their general or quarter feffions, or any adjournment thereof, as aforefaid, to remove the governor and other officers of the faid houfes, and to appoint others in their ftead, and to increafe or di-minifh the number of the officers, exclufive of the governor, and alfo to alter the falaries and allowances of fuch governor, and other officers, as they {hall from time to time find convenient; and in fixing the falary and allowance of fuch governor or tafk mafter, the juftices fhall have regard, fo far as may be, to the making the emoluments of the office depend on the quantity of work done and performed in fuch houfes, that it may become the intereft as well as duty of fuch governor or talk mafter to fee that all perfons under his cuftody be regularly and profitably employed; and fuch governor and other officers fhall give fuch fecurity for the performance of their refpeftive duties, and to fuch perfon or perfons, as the faid juftices from time to time, at any fuch general or quarter feffions, fhall appoint; and fuch governor or other officers, for any negligence or mifbehaviour in their refpective offices, may either be proceeded againft on the fecurity fo to be given, or fhall be fineable by the faid juftices, at any general or quarter feffions, in the fame manner as the governor of any houfe of correction is fineable by juftices of the j>eace, by an a£f palled in the feventh year of King James the Firft, intituled, An aft for the due execution of divers laws andJlatutes heretofore made againjl rogues, vagabonds, and'Jlurdy beggars, and other lewd and idle perfons; or by an a6f of the feventeenth year of King George the Second, intituled. An aft to amend and make more ejfeftual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and, other idle and diforderly perfons^ and to houfes of correftion; and if any governor of any fuch houfe, being removed by any order of the faid juftices, at their general or quarter feffions, or any adjournment thereof, fhall refufe or negleCt to quit the pofteffion of the faid houfe for forty-eight hours next after notice given to him in writing by the clerk of the peace, any two or more of the faid juftices, upon proof before them of fuch order of removal, fuch notice thereof, and fuch negledf or refufal to comply with the fame, may, by warrant under their hands and feals, diredf the fheriff of the faid county to remove fuch governor out of the faid houfe, and the fheriff fhall accordingly clear the pofteffion thereof, in like manner as upon a writ of habere facias poffeJftone?n.

11.	And be it further enafted, That the juftices of the peace fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, at fome general or quarter feffions, or adjourned feffion, as aforefaid, to make fuch rules and orders for receiving, feparating, claffing, dieting, cloathing, maintaining, employing, reforming, governing, managing, treating, and watching all offenders, during their refpec-tive confinement in the faid penitentiary houfes, and alfo for ad-^ufting what aid fhall be given to them, as well during fuch confinement as on their being releafed, as to the faid juftices fhall feem moft fit and proper; but no fuch rules and orders fhall be made at any fuch feffions, unlefs five juftices at leaft fhall be pre-fent; and in making fuch rules and orders* the faid juftices fhall

have

Hosted by Google

J971 '1 Anno regni tricefimo primo GeorgiI III. c.	46.349

have regard to the difeipline, provifions and diretions contained in an a6t ofithe nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled,

An aft for explaining and amending the laws relatmg to the tranf- i9Geo-3«c.74. portation, imprifonment, and other punijhment of certain offenders, concerning the 'two national penitentiary houfes therein-mentioned ; but fuch rules and orders fo to be made as aforefaid, fhall Rules to be not begin to have force until they have been fubmitted to the [he^uftRes^f juftices of affize, great feffion, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, a^r]ZJe forcoa-at the affizes which (hall be holden for fuch county next after the firmation. making of fuch rules and orders, or at fome fubfequent affixes, and the faid juftices, to whom fuch rules and orders (hall have been fubmitted, fhall have fubcribed a certificate or declaration, that they do not fee any thing contrary to law in the faid rules and orders fo to be made as aforefaid; and all fuch rules and orders Rules may be ihall be afterwards added to, or altered, from time to time, as aitereci* often as the faid juftices of the peace for fuch county, at any general or quarter feffions, or adjourned feffion, as aforefaid (at which five at leaft (hall be prefent) fhall think neceffary, and fuch additions or alterations fhall alfo in like manner be fubmitted to the juftices of aftize, great feftion, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, at any aflizes for fuch county, in manner aforefaid, who fhall fubfcribe fuch certificate or declaration as before mentioned; but nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be confirmed to ex- Ad: not to de-tend, to deprive any convidt of the benefit of any weekly or other Priye convids

allowance which has ufuallv been or hereafter may be granted or any

...	r i 7 n	n	/	r t	ance made by

made by virtue or any law, lratute, cultom, or order, ror the pur- iaw^

pofe of maintaining and fupporting convicted prifoners, provided only that the application of all and every fuch allowance fhall be fubjedt to fuch limitations and reftridtions as may be contained in the rules and orders herein diredted to be made for the government and police of the faid houfes.

III.	And be it further enadted, That every governor of the fe- Powers and veral places of confinement to be ufed as houfes of correction or duty of go-penitentiary houfes, and his or their aftiftants, fhall have the fame vernors' powers over the offenders to be confined therein, as are incident to the office of a fheriff or of a gaoler, and in like manner be an-fwerable for the efcape of any offender within his cuftody; and moreover, the faid governor fhall have power to hear complaints, and examine perfons touching offences, and punifh the fame (except by whipping) in fuch and the fame manner as the governor of each penitentiary houfe, directed to be built by the faid act of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, is by the faid at im-powered to do; and in cafe of the repetition of fuch offences, or in cafe of offences more enormous, which the laid governor is not by this at impowered to punifh, the faid governor fhall report the fame to the vifiting juftices, or one of them, for the time being, to be appointed as herein-after is direted, and fuch juftices, or one of them, fhall have power to enquire, upon oath, and determine concerning all fuch offences fo reported to them, and fhall order fuch offenders to be punifhed, either by moderate whipping, repeated whippings, or by dole confinement, for any

term

Hosted by Google

35°

Penalty on perfons efcap-mg from confinement, or ailifting them to efcape, &c.

Provifion of i9Geo-3 c.74. for profecu-tions for ef-capes, &c. to extend to this suft.

Vi fiting justices to be appointed,&c.

term not exceeding one month; and if any perfon ordered to hard labour fhall at any time, during the term for which he or fhe {hall be fo ordered, break prifon, or fhall efcape frorn the place of his or her confinement, or in the conveyance to the fame, or from the perfon or perfons having the lawful cuftody of fuch offender, or if any perfon {hall refcue any offender who fhall be ordered to hard labour, either during his or her conveyance to the place of his or her confinement, or whilft fuch offender fhall be in the cuftody of the perfon or perfons under whofe care and charge he or fhe fhall be confined, or if any perfon fhall be aiding or ailifting in any fuch refcue, or if any perfon having fuch cuftody as an affiftant fhall voluntarily or negligently permit fuch offender to efcape, or if any perfon (hall, by fupplying arms, tools, inftru-^ ments, or means of difguife, or other wife in any manner aid or afiift any fuch offender in any efcape, or in any attempt to make any efcape, though no efcape be actually made, every fuch offence as aforefaid fhall be punifhed in the fame manner as the like offence would be punifhable under the before-mentioned a61 of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, directing two national penitentiary houfes to be built, if fuch had been committed by or in refpefl to any perfon ordered to hard labour in either of the laid two penitentiary houfes therein mentioned.

IV.	And be it further enadted* That the provifion made in and by the faid adf of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for-carrying on profecutions for efcapes, attempts to efcape, breaches of prifon, and refcues, in the cafe of perfons adjudged to either of the faid penitentiary houfes thereby directed to be built, fhall extend and be applied to any profecution for any efcape, attempt to efcape, breach of prifon, or refcue, in the cafe of any perfon who under this a6t fhall be adjudged to any of the faid penitentiary houfes.

V. And, for better preventing all abufes, as well in the common gaols as in the faid houfes of correction, or other places of confinement to be vfed as penitentiary houfes, be it further enafted. That the justices of the peace fhall, at every general or quarter feflions after the pa fling of this a 6f, appoint two or more juftices vifttors of each of the faid gaols and other places of confinement; and fuch vifiting juftices fo refpedtively appointed fhall, either together or Singly, perfonally vifit and infpeci fuch prifon at leaft three times in each quarter of a year, and oftener if occafion fhall require* and fhall examine into the ftate of the buildings, the behaviour and conduct of the refpe&ive officers, and the treatment and condition of the prifoners, the amount of their earnings, and the ex-pences attending fuch prifon, and in matters of prefling neceflity, and within the powers of their commiffion as juftices, fhall take cognizance thereon, and proceed to regulate and redrefs the fame; and at every general or quarter leflions of the peace, the laid vi-fiting juftices respectively fhall make.a report in writing, of the ftate and condition of the fame, and- of all abufes which may occur to their observation therein ; and the chairman of the faid fef-fions is hereby required to call upon the laid vifitors for fuch re-

port 5

Hosted by Google

1791 •] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 46. ggr

port: and it (hall be lawful for every juftice of the peace for fuch Anyjuftice

county, riding, or divifion, of his own accord, and without being	•

appointed a vifitor, to enter into and to examine the fame at fuch confinemeilt

time or times, and as often as he {hall think fit, and if he {hall See.

difeover any abufes therein, he is hereby required to report them

in writing at the next general or quarter feflions of the peace, or

adjourned feflions, which (hall be holden for fuch county, riding,

or divifion; and when and as often as report of any abufes in the Abufes to be

faid place of confinement fhall be made by the faid vifitingjuf- rectified by ^

tices, or either of them, or by any other juftice of the peace for

fuch county, riding, or divifion, the abufes fo reported fhall be

taken into immediate confideration by the juftices of the peace

for fuch county, riding, or divifion, at the general or quarter fef-

fions, or adjourned feflions, at which fuch report fhall be made,

and they are hereby required to adopt the moft effedhial meafures

for enquiring into and rectifying fuch abufes, as foon as the na-

ture of the cafe will allow.

VI.	Ana\ for ejlablijhing and enforcing a proper police within the faid gaols, in and for the fever al counties, ridings, and divifions, in England and Wales, be it further enaCted, That a body of rules, Bye laws to orders, and regulations, as bye laws for the government of the faid he made gaols, and of the prifoners to be therein confined, fhall be framed, a2reeable to made, and confirmed, by fuch perfons and in fuch manner as is appointed for county gaols in general, by a ftatute of the thirty-

fecond year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled,

An aft for relief of debtors ivith refpeft to the imprifonme7it of their 3zGeo.z,c.a8. perjons; and to oblige debtors, who Jhall continue in execution in prifon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the aft, to make difeovery of and deliver upon oatf their ejlates for their creditors benefit; and in the fame rules, orders, and regula- Rules for tions, proper and particular directions fhall be given for effeCtuat- clafiing ofpri-ing fuch feparation and clafting of prifoners, as is direCted by the ^re&%fb* ^ aforefaidaCf of the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty, with ^Geo 3.^54. fuch further feparation and clafiing as fhall be thought requifite, to be con-and alfo as well for enforcing, amongft the prifoners of ail de- formed to. feriptions, cieanlinefs, temperance, and a decent and orderly behaviour, as for fecuring a juft and humane treatment of them by the gaoler and his fervants, and all directions contained in the faid aCt, refpeCting fuch rules and orders, fhall be exa&ly conformed to.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it may be lawful for the Offenders fen-court by whom any offender fhall be fentenced to tranfportation tenced to for crimes committed after the firft day of July one thoufand feven

hundred and ninety-one, or, in the cafe of any offender to whom	be

his Adajefty's royal mercy fhall be extended on condition of tranf- imprifoned portation, or for any judge or juftice of the court by or before and kept to whom fuch offender fhall have been convi&ed, or anyjuftice ^ tilUra^orfc-the King’s bench, common pleas, or baron of the exchequer, ^, <$cc. ^ being of the coif, or juftice of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, or juftices of peace at their quarter feflion, to order and adjudge that fuch perfon fhall be imprifoned and kept to hard fa-' bour in the common gaol in and for the county where fuch of^

fendesr

Hosted by Google

Keepers of gaols, &c. to mffie returns as herein directed.

Yifiting juftices to examine returns, &c.

fender fhall have been convidted, until he or fhe be tranfported or other wife removed according to law, or until he or (he, by the expiration of the term of fuch fentence of tranfportation, or other-wife, {hall be entitled to his or her liberty: provided always, and. it is hereby cxprefsly declared,.That the time during which fuch offender fhall fo continue confined, {hall be reckoned in difcharge or part of difcharge or fatisfadtion of the term of his or her tranfportation.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That the keeper of the common gaol, and alfo the governors or keepers of the feveral places of confinement to be ufed as penitentiary houfes in and for each county, riding, or divifion, on the fir ft day of every affizes, great fefiions, or general gaol delivery, {hall make a juft and true return in writing to the clerk of affizes, or other clerk or proper officer of fuch court, fpecifying the number and fize of the cells completed for the reception of prifoners ordered to imprifonment and hard labour, the names of all and every the perfon or perfons in his cuftody, the offences of which they have been guilty, the court before which each perfon was convidted, the fentence of the court, if tried and convidted before any court of record, or, if. committed by one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace* then the name of the juftice or juftices before whom fuch perfon or perfons was or were convicted, and the offence of which fuch perfon or perfons was or were convicted, the age, bodily eftate, and behaviour, of every fuch convict.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That every fuch return, before it is delivered into court, fnall be examined by one or more of the vifiting juftices to be appointed as herein-before directed, who is hereby required to fign fuch return, and to annex thereto fuch observations as he fhall think fit on every particular therein con-

tained.

Prrfons under Cntence of Irani portati on 10 be kept ie-

$> :rate from Diherpvifoners ■except felons.

Gaolers to report to the grand jury the infuffici-ency of gaols, FOt affording the means of 1 pnration.ac-c -rding to ^4Geo.3 c.54.

Provifions of 19 Car. %. c 4. tor fitting per-

X. And be it further enadted, That as long as any perfon under fentence of tranfportation fhall continue in the common gaol,, the gaoler having cuftody of fuch offender fhall, and he is hereby required to feparate fuch convidt, as far as conveniently may be, from every perfon in his cuftody except prifoners convicted of felony.

XL And be it further enadted, That in cafe the common gaol fhall not be in a ftate to afford the means of reparation according to the directions of the faid act of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majeftv, intituled, An aft to explain and amend an aft made in the ninths eleventh, and twelfth years of the reign of William the Third.\ the laid gaoler fhall, and he is hereby required to report the infuftkiency of fuch county gaol to the grand jury at the affizes, great feffions, or general gaol delivery next to be holden after the paffing of this adt, and at every fubfequent affize, great feffion, or general gaol delivery, till fuch means of reparation fhall be effected.

XII. And whereas, by an aft of the nineteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An adt for relief of poor prifoners, and letting them on work, after reciting, that there was

not

Hosted by Google

1791 *3 Anno regni tricefimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 46.	353

not any fufficient provifion maae for the relief and fetting on work of fans in gaol to poor and needy perfons committed to the common gaol for felony and wor^> recited other mifdemeanors, who many times perijh before their trials and the poor there living idly and unemployed become debauched, and come forth injlruRed in the praftice of thievery and levjdnefs, it is enafted\ That the jujlices of the peace in their refpeftive counties, at any of their general fejfionsy if they Jhall find it needful fo to do, may provide a flock offuch materials as they find convenient for the fetting poor prifoners on work, in fuch manner and by fucb ways as other county charges may be levied and raifed, and to pay and provide fit perfons to overfee and feet fuch perfons on work, and ?nake fuch orders for accounts of and concerning the premtfes as Jhall by them be thought needful, and for punijhment of neglefts and other abufes, and for befiowing the profits arifing by the labour of the prifoners fit on work for their relief which Jhall be duly obferved, and may alter, revoke, or amend fuch their orders from time to time, provided that no parifh be rated above fixpence by the week towards the premifes, having refpeft to the refpeftive values of the fever al pcrijhcs: and whereas the provifion of the faid recitedJlatute is very fit to be executed zvith refpeft to fuch prifoners therein defcribed as Jhall be confined in the gaols, with an extenfion thereof to all other prifoners inclined to take the benefit thereof and alfo an increaje of the feum limited by the faid aft for defraying the expence of executing the fame: be it therefore enafted. That the juftices of the peace fhall Juftices may have authority to execute the faid recited provifion in the faid execute the laft-mentioned aft, for fetting poor perfons on work, as well in regard to fuch perfons as are therein defcribed, as in favour of all vour all other prifoners within the faid gaols, who may at any time be in- prifoners wil-clined and willing to work; and for that purpofe are hereby au- ling to work, thorifed, at a general or quarter fefiion of the peace for the faid county, or at any adjournment thereof, to direft the payment of fuch fums of money out of the county rate for the faid county as they (hall from time to time think fit to be expended in executing the provifion of the faid laft-mentioned aft, according to the extenfion thereof hereby made.

XIII.	And whereas, by an aft of the fourteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft how vagabonds fhall be pu- 14 Eliz. c. 5. nifhed, and the poor relieved, as alfo by the above-mentioned aft of the thirty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second,, feme provifion is made for the relief of prifoners; but, notwithfianding the humane purpofes thereby intended, the health of prifoners is frequently fo affefted, by want of necejfary food, as to render them incapable of, labour when releafed, and therefore it may be expedient to have a more extenfive provifion in favour of fucb poor prifoners as Jhall be confined in the faid gaols and other places of confinement, and have not any means of acquiring necejfary fiftenance\ be it therefore enafted,

That, from and after the palling of this aft, it fhall be lawful for Juftices in fef-the juftices of the peace, at their general or quarter feflions, or	order

any adjournment thereof, from time to time to ordef fuch fum or ofth^county fums of money to be paid out of the county rate, towards afiifting rates to pri-luch prifoners, of every defcription, as, being confined within the foners who faid gaols or other places of confinement, are not able to work, ^annot work VoL» XXXVII.	A	a	01

^	Hosted by Google

354 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 46. [1791*

or being able, cannot procure employment fufficient to fuftain themfelves by their induftry, or who may not be otherwife provided for by virtue of any law or ftatute, or of any cuftom, or order, fuch food and raiment as the.faid judices (hall, from time to time, think neceftary for the fupport of health, and fuch money fhall accordingly be applied, in conformity to directions to be given by the faid juftices.

Vmtors to re- XIV. And be it further enadted, That if the faid vifitors fhall pott any ex- at any time obferve, or be fatisfaClorily informed of any extraor-dilftence or dinary diligence or merit in any of the offenders under their in-merit in of- fpedtion, they fhall report the fame to the juftices of oyer and ter-fenderstothe miner and gaol delivery, or great feftions, at their next or any

to be holden for the county in which fuch of-&c.	9	fender	was	convidted,	in	order that fuch juftices may, if they fhall

think proper, recommend fuch offender to the royal mercy, in fuch degree or upon fu#h terms as to them fhall feem meet, and if his Majefty fhall thereupon be gracioufly pleafed to fhorten the duration of fuch offender’s confinement, fuch offender fhall, together with neceffary cloathing, receive fuch fum of money for his or her immediate fubfiftence, as the faid vifiting juftices fhall think proper, fo as fuch fum fhall not exceed twenty fhillings, nor be lefs than five fhillings, in cafe fuch offender fhall have been confined for the fpace of one year, and fo in proportion for any fhorter term of confinement 5 and fuch fums of money, as alfo the expence of fuch cloathing, fhall -be paid out of the county rate.

XV.	Jnd whereas a conjiderable part of the emolument of gaoler or keeper of the gad has ufually arifen from fees paid to him by debtors and other per fins confined therein, and from incidental charges made by him on the county rate, on the clifmiffion of prifoners, and on the removal of tranfports; and by reafon of negleft in regulating the faid fees, as directed by the aforefaid aft of the thirty-fecond year of King George the Second, they are become opprejfive and burfhenfome to poor prifiners, and fuch charges on the county rate are liable to frequent abufii be it Juftices in fef- therefore enadted, That the juftices of the peace affembled at their to/rttle a general or quarter feftions, or at fome fpecial adjournment thereof for ^olers^	as af°re^a^) fhall, and they are hereby required, within twelve

9	months after the pafting of this adt, to regulate and fettle a table

of fees and rates to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of the gaols or other places of confinement as aforefaid; and the faid juftices fo aflembled as aforefaid, are hereby authorifed and impowered from time to time to alter, vary, or totally difallow of all or any fuch charges and'fees, and to order a copy of the table of fees fo regulated to be hung up in the court of aftize and quarter feftions for the county, riding, or divifion, and another copy thereof to be tranfmitted to the laid gaoler or keeper, who fhall caufe the fame to be hung up in fome confpicuous place within the gaols or penitentiary houfes; and all orders and directions contained in the faid laft-mentioned adt, refpedting the table of fees and^ rates to be taken by gaolers or keepers of prifons, fhall be conformed to as if the fame were herein particularly enadted and repeated; and by way of recompence for any diminution of emolqment in

Hosted by Google

1791 *J Anno regni tricejimo primo GEORGii III. c. 46*	355

the office of gaoler, or keeper of the faid gaols or penitentiary houfes, by means of any fuch regulation of fees, or by the difallowing any fuch charges on the county rate, or any part thereof, as well as for and in lieu of all or any part of the profits and emoluments that have ufually arifen from the office of gaoler or keeper, the faid juftices fo afiembled as aforefaid are hereby further authorifed and impowered to grant fuch falaries and allowances and may grant to the faid gaoler or keeper, and to his affiftants, as to the faid em^lumentr6 juftices fhall appear reafonable and fatisfadlory, and from time to are diminifh-ttme to alter and vary the fame as they (hall think fit; and to or- ed. der and diredt the faid falaries and allowances to be paid out of the county rate, by the treafurer of the county, riding, or divi-fion, upon an order or orders, figned by the chairman of any general or quarter feffions of the peace held for the county, riding, or divifion, fpecifying the falary and allowance fo directed to be paid: provided always, That no fuch regulation of fees and Regulation of charges, or any fubfequent alteration thereof, or any variation in	°to

fuch falaries and allowances fo granted, that may in any wife affedf be confented the fheriff or his officers, fhall take place or have effedl pending toby him, or the continuance in office of the fheriff who fhall be actually in not to take commiffion at the time of making fuch regulation, or any altera- P}ace during

0	u	*	s	K|q continu-

tion thereof, or of varying fuch falaries and allowances, unlefs ance in 0fgce-fuch fheriff fhall, by writing under his hand, confent thereto; and - «. the faid juftices, in granting to any gaoler or keeper any fuch fa- ftjpulate with lary or allowance, may ftipulate, as a condition of the payment gaolers for thereof, that he do regularly obferve and keep the rules and orders payment of of the gaol: and it is hereby further exprefsly provided, that no not to^be^ • fuch falary and allowance fhall be paid out of fuch county rate to g;ven to per-any woman, or other perfon incapable of executing the office in fons incapable perfon, who may at any time be appointed gaoler or keeper of of executing

fuch gaol.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, That all fines, forfeitures, and How penalties penalties, inflidled by this adl, or which fhall be inflidfed by virtue are to be re-of any rule or order to be made in purfuance thereof, the levying cov?d" an and recovering of which are not particularly herein diredfed, fhall " be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of two juftices of the peace, who are hereby authorifed to hear and examine witneffes on oath or affirmation, and determine the fame; and all fuch refpedtive fines, forfeitures, and penalties, by this adt impofed and inflidted, or authorifed to be impofed and inflidted, the application whereof is not herein-before particularly diredted, fhall be paid from time to time to the treafurer of the county, riding, or divifion, for the time being, and fhall be applied and difpofed of for the purpofes of this adt, and to or for no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever; and the overplus of the money raifed by fuch fale, after dedudfmg the penalty, and the expences of the diftrefs and fale, fhall be rendered to the owner of the goods fo diftrained and fold; and for Offendersmay want of fufficiertt diftrefs the offenders fhall be committed by be committed fuch juftice to fome prifon for the faid county, ridings or divifion, ^a^l^fn^r

Aa*	fortre?8.

Hosted by Google

for fuch term, not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than one calendar month, as fuch juftices (hall think proper.

XVII.	And, for the more eafy and fpeedy conviction of offenders againji this aft, be it further enabled, That all and every the juf-tice or juftices of the peace, before whom any perfon or perfons fhall be convifted of any offence againft this aft, (hall and may caufe the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other form of words to the fame effect, as the cafe fhall happen\ videlicet:

Form of convi&ion.



)E it reme?nbered, That on	in	the

year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred A. B. is convicted before me C. D. one of his Majefly's jujlices of the peace for the county of	[Specifying	the	offence,

and the time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe (hall be.] Given under my hand andfeal, the day and year firjl above mentioned,

Perfons aggrieved may-appeal to the quarter fef-fions, &c.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done in purfuance of this ad, and for which no particular method of relief hath been already appointed, fuch perfon may appeal to the juftices of the peace at any general or quarter feftions of the peace, within four calendar months after the caufe of fuch complaint fhall have arifen; fuch appellant firft giving or caufing to be given feven clear days notice at leaft, in writing, of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the conviftion fhall have been had, and to the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or divifton, in which fuch offence fhall be tried, and within two days after fuch notice, enter into recognizance before fome juftice of the peace for the faid county, with two fufticient fure-ties, conditioned to try fuch appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay fuch cofts as fhall be awarded by, the juftices at fuch quarter feftion ; and the juftices at fuch feftion, upon due proof of fuch notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch recognizance, fhall hear and finally determine the caufes and matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing, or appealed againft, as they the faid juftices fhall think proper, and the determination of fuch quarter feflion fhall be final, binding, and conclufive, to all intents and pur-

pofes.

No proceed- XIX. And be it further enabled, That no order made touchings to be jng or concerning any of the matters in this aft contained, or any want of form Proceechngs to be had touching the conviftion or conviftions of * any offender or offenders againft this aft, fhall be quafhed for want of form, or be removed or removeable by certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler\ and that where any diftrefs fhall be made for any fum or (urns of money to be levied by virtue of this

aft>

Hosted by Google

I791-] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 47*	357

adt, the diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffer or tref-paffers, on account of any defedt or want of form in the fum-mons, convidtion, warrant of diftrefs, or other proceedings re* lating thereto, nor fhall fuch party or parties be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining; but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity fhall and may recover full fatisfadtion for the fpecial damage (if any) in an adtion upon the cafe; but no plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall recover in any action for fuch irregularity as aforefaid, if tender of fufR-cient amends hath been made, by or on behalf of the party dif* training, before fuch adtion brought.

XX. And be it further enadted, That if any fuit or adtion fhall be profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, fuch perfon or perfons may plead

the general iffue, and give this adt or the fpecial matter in evi- General iffu$.

dence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done

by authority of this adt; and if a verdidt fhall pais for the defen^

dajit or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become non-

fuit, or difcontinue his, her, or their adfion or adtions after iffue

joined; or if upon demurrer or otherwife judgement fhall be given

againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall

recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any Treble cofts*

defendant or defendants hath or have by law in other cafes; and

though a verdidt fhall be given for any plaintiff, in any fuch adtion

or fuit as aforefaid, fuch plaintiff fhall not have cofts againft the

defendant, unlefs the judge before whom the trial fhall be, fhall

certify his approbation of the adtion, and of the verdidt obtained

thereupon.

XXI.	And be it further enadted, That all adtions, fuits, and Limitation of profecutions, to be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for adhons.

any thing done in purfuance of this adt, fhall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fadts were committed, and fhall be commenced within fix calendar months after the fadt committed, and not otherwife#

CAP. XLVII.

fitn att to prevent other Jhips than thofe laden with tobacco from ?noor-jng and difcharging their fading at the places appointed by an made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly^ intituled^ An adt fof repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof; to prohibit the exportation of damaged or mean tobacco ; and for permitting the importation of tobacco andfnuff into the port fl/'Newcaftle upon Tyne.

WHEREAS by an aft, made and paffed in the twenty-ninth Preamble.

year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An adt for ^Geo. 3.0.68* repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new recited, duties in lieu thereof, the commijjioners of the cufloms in England #nd Scotland refpeftively were required, from time ta time, to fix and

A a 3	appoint)

Hosted by Google

358 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 47. [1791.

appoint, or caufe to be fixed and appointed, and from time to time continued\ tit fuch and every of the refpeftive ports in England and Scotland refpeftively, in the faid aft enumerated, a certain place for the mooring all Jhips or vejfels, in or on board which any tobacco Jhould be imported or brought into Great Britain, according to the dire ft ions of the faid aft, and which Jhould come or arrive within fuch refpeftive ports, and certain provifions were made therein for enforcing the j'ame\ under the authority of which aft the faid commtffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland have refpeftively appointed certain places for the purpofe of mooring all Jhips and vejfels in or on board which any tobacco Jhould be imported\ at the ports therein enumerated: and whereas it is necejfary, in order to give ejfeft to the provifions of the faid aft before-mentioned, that fuch Jhips or vejfels only as are laden with tobacco Jhoidd be moored,, and difcharge their cargoes at the places fo appointed by the refpeftive commijfioners; be it en-afted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the autho-Nonebutto- rjty Gf the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one b^moore^, ° thoufand feven hundred and nintey-one, it fhall not be lawful for &c. withinthe any fhip or veffel arriving at any of the faid ports in the faid aft limits of the enumerated, other than fuch (hips as fb%ll be laden in the whole

^olnted^under °r *n Part to^acco? to moored, or the lading thereof dif-r Sited a^t for charged, at or within the limits of any of the places appointed, mooring fuch or to be appointed, by virtue and in purfuance of the faid aft, for fhips, on pe- the mooring of fhips laden with tobacco; and in cafe any fhip or naltyofaol. veffel (hall be moored, or the lading thereof difcharged contrary to this aft, the matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veffel, and wilfully offending herein, (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, mitigated, and applied, tinder and fubjeft to the like rules, regulations, powers, and provifions, as other penalties and forfeitures, for any offence or offences committed againft the faid aft of the twenty-ninth year aforefaid, or any other aft: or afts made for the fecuring the revenue of cuftoms are direfted to be recovered, mitigated, or applied, and as fully and amply as if all the rules, regulations, pov/ers, and provifions of the faid afts refpeftively were repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

II.	And whereas by the faid aft, pajfed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent MajeJly, among other things, the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees of tobacco imported according to the regulations of that aft, are allowed to export, - under the reftriftions therein mentioned, fuch damaged or mean tobacco as he or they Jhall refufe to pay the duties for, and which Jhall have been feparated from found tobacco, according to. the direftions of that aft: and whereas the permitting in future the exportation of any fuch damaged or mean tobacco may be detrimental to the fair importers of tobacco, and produftive of injury to the revenue ; be it therefore en-Damaged to- afted. That, from and after the tenth day of June one thoufand bacco to be feven hundred and ninety-one, it fhall not be lawful to export

any

Hosted by Google

179x-3 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGH III. c. 47.	359

any fuch damaged or mean tobacco, but the fame fhall be burnt burnt, and no and deftroyed under the dired!ions of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cufloms^and excife refped!ively; and the faid refpedlive importer for commiflioners fhall fell and difpofe of the afhes arifing thereform the fame, for the mod: money that can be gotten for the fame, and no allowance fhall be made to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, for or in confideration of any fuch damaged or mean tobacco.

III.	And whereas by the [aid a£l, pajfed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, it is, amongft other things, enabled,

That no tobacco or fluff whatever Jhall be imported or brought into any part of Great Britain, except the ports of London, Briflol, Liverpool, Lancafter, Cowes, Falmouth, Whitehaven, Hull, Port Glafgow, Greenock, and Leith, upon pain offorfeiture of all fuch tobacco and fnuff refpeftively as Jhall be imported or brought into any part of Great Britain, except fo?ne or one of the faid ports hereinbefore enumerated, together with the hogjheads, cafks, chefts, cafes, and other packages refpe5tively, containing fuch tobacco or fnujfreflectively, and the jhip or veffel in or on board which the fame Jhall be fo imported or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas it is expedient to permit the importation of tobacco and fnuff into the port 0/" Newcaftle upon Tyne; be

it therefore enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and Tobacco and after the tenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and	ortedinto

ninety-one, nothing in the faid recited a61 fhall extend, or be [he port of conflrued to extend, to prevent the importation of tobacco and Newcaftle fnuff into the faid port of Newcajlle, but that it fhall and may be upon Tyne, lawful to import tobacco and fnuff into the faid port of Newcaftle.

IV.	Provided always, That, on the importation of tobacco and under the re-fnuffinto the faid port of Newcajlle, the fame fhall be fubjed! and Sulation^of liable to all and each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, onJune°ioe reftrid!ions, penalties, and forfeitures to which tobacco and fnuff 1791, &c. are relpedtively fubjed! and liable by virtue of the faid recited ad!,

or any add or ad!s of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid tenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, on being imported into any of the ports particularly enumerated in the faid recited ad!; and all and every the claufes, powers, diredtions, and authorities in and by the faid recited ad!, and every other ad! and adts of parliament in force, on and immer diately before the faid tenth day of June one thoufand feven hun-dred and ninety-one, relating to tobacco and fnuff imported into any of the faid enumerated ports, fhall apply and be put in full force and execution, with refped! to tobacco and fnuff imported into the faid port of Newcajlle, as fully and effedtually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid claufes, powers, directions, and authorities were particularly repeated and re-enadted in the body of this ad!; and all and every the claufes, powers, directions, and authorities in and by the faid recited adt, and every other ad! or ad!s of parliament relating to tobacco, tobacco ftalks, Spaniflo, tobacco ftalks for tobacco ftalk flour, fnuff work, tobacco ftalk fiour^ or fauffj fliall alfq apply and be put in full force and exe-

A a 4	cution*

„ Hosted by Google

360 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 48—50. [1791.

cution, with refpeft to the faid port of Newcajile, as fully and . effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid claufes, powers, directions, and authorities were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

CAP- XLVIII.

An adt for railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for N	the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

Commiflioners of the treafury may raife 3,500,000!, by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1792, in like manner as is prefcribed by the land tax adt of this feflion, concerning loans, &c~ The claufes, &c. in the faid adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this adt. Exchequer bills fo ifiued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1792. Adtion not to lie for fuch refufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of the next fupplies; and if fufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1792, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Montes fo iflued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this adt; an adt 5 & 6 Gul. & Mariae notwithftanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An adt for raifmg a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for defraying the publick expences, occafioned by the augmentation of his Majeity's forces in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety.

Commiflioners of the treafury may raife 1,833,000b by loans or exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1792, as prefcribed by the land tax adt of this feflion* The claufes in the faid adt relating to loans or bills, (exception) extended to this adt. Exchequer bills not to be received in payment of taxes, nor exchanged by any receiver of the publick revenue, before Odt. 10, 1795. Recital of adts 31 Geo. 3. viz. c. 2. c. 1. c. 5. c. 15. c. 21. c. 25. Exchequer bills iflued under this adt, and intereft, to be difeharged out of the monies arifing in the exchequer after April 5, 1792, from the duties im-pofed by the recited adts. Temporary duties impofed by the recited adts to ceafe at the times mentioned. How the charges attending this adt are to be defrayed. The bank may advance money on the credit of this adt.

CAP. L.

An adt for railing a further fum of money by loans or exchequer bills-, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

Commiflioners of the treafiiry may raife 2,000,000b by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1792, in manner as by the land tax adt of this feflion is prefcribed, &c. The claufes in the faid adt relating to loans or bills, (exception) extended to this adt. Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6,

1792.	Adtion not to lie for fuch refufal. Money fo raifed to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if fufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1792, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo if-fued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England aaithorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this adt; an adt 5 & 6 Gub & Marias notwithftanding.

C A P.

Hosted by Google

*79*-] Anno regnitricefimoprimoGeorgri III. c.51.

361

CAP. LI.

An ad for better protecting the feveral oyjler fijhtries within this

kingdom.

WHEREAS the maintaining and preferving the feveral oyjler Preamble.

fjheries of this kingdom is a great national objeCt: and whereas the laws now in being are notfuffcient effectually to maintain andpre-ferve the faid fjheries, and to prevent the defroying of the oyfer brood therein; in order therefore the better to protect the faid fjheries, and to prevent the defroying of the oyjler brood within the fame, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King's moil: excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the feme, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time from and From Aug. r, after the firft day of Auguf one thoufand feven hundred and I79f’Pe1^"on* ninety-one, with or by means of any net, traul, dredge, or other	*

inftrument or engine whatfoever, take or catch any oyflers or oyfters or oyfler brood, within the limits of any oyfter fifhery of this king- brood within dom, or {hall dredge for oyfters or oyfter brood, or ufe any oyfter the hmi^ of dredge, or any net, inftrument, or engine whatfoever within the p^nifhable br limits of any fuch fifhery, for the purpofe of taking or catching gne anci jm. oyfters or oyfter brood, although no oyfters or oyfter brood fhall prifonraent. be actually taken, or fhall, with any net, inftrument, or engine, drag upon the ground or foil of any fuch fifhery, all and every fuch perfon and perfons, (other than and except fuch perfons as fhall be the owners, leftees, or occupiers of fuch fifhery, or fhall be other wife lawfully intitled to take or catch oyfters therein) fhall be deemed and taken to be guilty of an offence and mifde-meanor, and fhall and may be profecuted for the fame by indictment at the aflizes, or general quarter feftions of the peace, to be holden in and for the county, riding, or divifion in which fuch fifhery fhall lie ; and the juftices in feflions are hereby authorifed and required to hear and determine all and every fuch offence and offences; and fuch perfon or perfons being lawfully convicted by verdibl, or by his or their own confefiion, fhall and may be punifhed for any of the faid offences, by fine and imprifonment, or either of them, as the court before whom fuch perfon or perfons fhall be fo convibled fhall think proper, fuch fine not to exceed twenty pounds, or be lefs than forty fhillings, and fuch imprifonment not to be for more than three months, or lefs than one month.

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this abl fhall extend, or Adi: not to ex* be conftrued to extend, to prevent or hinder any perfon or perfons te£d to the whomfoever from taking, catching, or fifhing for any floating	°a	*

fifh in the waters or creeks within the limits of any oyfter fifhery, with any net, inftrument, or engine, which fhall be made or fitted for the purpofe of taking or catching floating fifh only.

III.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for any Juftices may juftice of the peace abting for any county, riding, or divifion, ifiue warrants

wherein forapprehend*

Hosted by

Google

362 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 51. [1791.

ing offenders, wherein any offence fhall be committed contrary to this a ct, -^ant upon complaint and oath made before hinv (which oath he is may commit ^ere^y empowered to adminifter), that any perfon or perfons, ex-them till the cept as aforefaid, hath or have, within thirty days next preceding quarter fef- fuch complaint, taken or caught any oyfters, or oyfter brood, fions.	within the limits of any oyfter fifhery, or dredged for oyfters, or

oyfter brood, or ufed any oyfter dredge, or any net, inftrument, or engine, within the limits of any fuch fifhery, for. the purpole of taking or catching oyfters or oyfter brood, although no oyfters or oyfter brood fhall be actually taken ; or with any net, inftrument, or engine,' dragged upon the ground or foil of any, oyfter fifhery, to ifliie out a warrant or warrants under his hand and feal for the apprehending of the perfon or perfons fo offending, and for bringing him or them before himSelf or any other juftice of the peace acting for fuch county, riding, or divifion; and the juftice, before whom fuch perfon or perfons fhall be brought, fhall, and is hereby authorised and required, if he fee caufe, to commit him or them to the common gaol, or other ufual place of confinement for prifoners, in and for fuch county, riding, or divifion, there to remain until the then next aflizes or then next general quarter feftions of the peace to be holden in and for fuch county, riding, or divifion, whichever fhall firft happen next after fuch perfon or perfons fhall be fo apprehended and brought before fuch juftice, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons fhall enter into recognizance before fuch juftice, with two good and fufficient fureties (each and ev£ry of.them in the penalty of twenty pounds),, to appear either at the faid next afiizes or general quarter feftions of the peace, which fhall firft happen as aforefaid, then and there to anfwer to any indictment or indictments that fhall or may be preferred againft him or them, under or by virtue of this act.

Perfons,found IV\ And be it further enacted. That if any perfon or perfons, taking, or uf- except as aforefaid, fhall be found actually taking or catching takin^o* Iters* any °y^ers or oyfter brood, within the limits of any oyfter or brood, re- fishery, or dredging for oyfters or oyfter brood, or ufing any fuiing to dif- oyfter dredge, or any net, inftrument, or engine whatfoever, cover them- within the limits of any oyfter fifhery, for the purpofe of taking feized	or catching oyfters or oyfter brood," although no oyfters or oyfter

*	* brood fhall be actually taken, or with any net, inftrument, or

engine dragging upon the ground or foil of any fuch oyfter fifhery, it fhall be lawful for any perfon, being an owner, leflee, or occupier of fuch fifhery, or otherwife lawfully intitled to take or catch oyfters therein, and for his apprentice or fervant (in cafe the perfon or perfons offending againft this act fhall, on being required fo to do, refufe to difcover his or their real name or names, and the true place or places of his or their abode or refi-dence refpectively) to feize. Secure, and detain every fuch perfon fo being found actually taking or catching any oyfters or oyfter brood, or dredging for oyfters, or ufing any oyfter dredge, or any net, inftrument, or engine for the purpofe aforefaid, although no oyfters or oyfter brood fhall have been actually taken, pr with any net, inftrument, or engine dragging upon the ground

Hosted by Google

i79r0 Anno regni tricefimo prime Georgii III. c. 51.	363

or foil of fuch oyfter fifhery, and refufing to difeover his reajf name and true place of abode, and forthwith to carry him and them before any juftice of the peace'ailing for fuch county, riding, or divifion; and the faid juftice, on oath being made before him (which oath he is hereby impowered to adminifter) of the offence againft this ail, for which fuch perfon or perfons was or were feized or fecured and detained, (hall and is hereby authorifed and required to proceed againft him and them, in fuch and the fame manner as if he or they had been apprehended and brought before fuch juftice by virtue of a warrant or warrants iflued for that purpofe, under the authority of this ad.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no juftice No juftice to of the peace fhall, by virtue of this ad, commit any perfon or commit, or perfons, or take or require any feeurity from him or them, for his S^manv-or their appearance as aforefaid, unlefs one good and fufticient perfons, with-houfeholder, being an owner, leflee, or occupier of, or otherwife out recogni-lawfully intitled to take or catch oyfters in the oyfter fifhery zance is enter* wherein the offence fhall be fworn to have been committed

(whofe oath that he is fuch owner, leflee, or occupier, or other- P 'wife lawfully intitled as aforefaid, fhall be fufficient evidence thereof to fuch juftice), fhall enter into recognizance before the faid juftice in the penalty of twenty pounds, for his appearing either at the then next aflizes, or general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, riding, or divifion, as the cafe may be, and then and there preferring and profecuting with effed a bill of indictment againft the perfon or perfons fo to be committed, or bound by recognizance, for the offence or offences, for which he or they fhall be fo committed or bound as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That if at any time after any Perfons may perfon or perfons fhall have been committed in purfuance of this ^Q^^onfine^ ad, two good and fufficient fureties fhall, before the juftice by ment upon whom fuch perfon or perfons was or were committed, or any recognizance, other juftice of the peace for the fame county, riding, or divifion,

enter into recognizance in the penalty of twenty pounds each, with condition for the appearance of iuch perfon or perfons fo committed at the then next aflizes, or general quarter feflions of the peace for the fame county, riding, or divifion, which fhall firft happen, then and there to anfwer to any indidment or indi&ments that fhall or may be preferred againft him or them by virtue of this ad; then, and in fuch cafe, it fhall be lawful for any fuch juftice, by warrant under his hand and feal, to order fuch perfon or perfons to be difeharged from his or their faid commitment, and delivered out of cuftody, and he and they fhall be difeharged accordingly; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall This ad not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal, alter, abridge, or to affeCt any affed any ad of parliament now in force, refpeding any parti- f^J^re/ed-eular oyfter fifhery within this kingdom, Nor any claufe, regula- -in^ any partition, method of proceeding, power, matter, or thing therein; cular oyfter Uit that all and every the powers, authorities, jurifdidions, fifhery,

o	and

Hosted by Google

364 Anno rcgni tricefimo primoGEORGil III. c. 51. [1791-

and direftions contained in all fuch afts of parliament, fhall and may be .purfued, enforced, exercifed, and executed in fuch manner and form, and as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if this aft had not been made, or to preclude VIII. Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained fhall ex-profecution at tend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent, bar, or preclude any. common perfon from commencing any profecution or aftion at the common law for any aft or offence herein-before defcribed, which {hall be done or committed within the limits of any oyfter fifhery, in fuch manner and form as if this aft had not been made; but, never-thelefs, when any perfon fhall have been punched, in purfuance and by virtue of this aft, for any offence againft the fame, fuch perfon fhall not be profecuted by virtue of any other law or ftatute, or be liable to any other punifhment or penalty for the fame offence, or to have any aftion or fuit in law or equity brought againft him on account of that offence for which he fnall have been punifhed in purfuance of this aft.

Limitation of IX. And be it further enafted. That no aftion at law fhall be a&ions. brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any ar-reft authorifed to be made, or any other matter or thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this aft, until after twenty-one days potice thereof, in writing, fhall have been given to the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch aftion is intended to be brought, or left at his or their laft ufual place or places of abode, fetting forth the caufe of fuch aftion, and that every fuch aftion fhall be brought within the fpace of fix calendar months next after the caufe of complaint fhall arife, and fhall be laid and tried in the General iflue. proper county wherein the fame did arife, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion may plead the general iflue, and on the trial thereof give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if, on the trial of fuch aftion, it fhall appear that the fame was commenced without having given fuch notice, or before the expiration of twenty-one days next after fuch notice fhall have been fo given or left as aforefaid, or after the end of fix calendar months next after the caufe thereof fhall have arifen, or if fuch aftion fhall be brought or laid in any other county than as aforefaid, or after fufficient tender of amends fhall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved, that then, and in any of the cafes aforefaid, a verdift fhall be entered as found for the defendant or defendants; and in all cafes where a verdift fhall be found or entered for the defendant or defendants in any fuch action, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difcontinue the fame after appearance, or fhall be nonfuited, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Double cofts. defendants in fuch aftion fhall have double cofts, and the like re-* medies for recovering the fame as defendants have by law for recovering their cofts in other cafes.

Publick ad. X. And be it further enacted. That this aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a puulick act; and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other, perfons, without fpecially pleading the feme,

CAP,

Hosted by Google

17910 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 52, 53.	365,

CAP. LII.

An ad to continue, for a limited time, an ad patted in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for further regulating the trade or bufinefs of pawnbrokers.

29 Geo. 3. c. 57. recited, and continued for a year. Publick ad.

CAP. LIII.

An ad for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by

a lottery.

806,3501. to be raifed by a lottery. All perfons who have made depofits, purluant to the refolution of the houfe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fubferiptions at certain times fpecified, viz. 2I. by July 1, 1791; 2I. by Auguft 5, 1701; al. by September rtf, 1791; 3I. by Odober 2i,t 1791; *1. by December 9, 1791; and the remaining 4I. by January 13/1792; and the contributors for each 16I. 3s. 6d. advanced, to have, upon each fortunate ticket, the lot fallen to him; and thofe that pay contributions before the time limited, to be allowed difeount at 3I. per cent, per ann. and if the whole fum of 806,250b be paid, to have lottery tickets delivered at the rate of 16I. 2I. 6d. each. Cafhier to give fecurity, to the fatiVadion of the committioners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Committioners of the treafury im-powered to apply the money paid in by the cafhier. 500,000b the amount of the prizes, to be paid but of any fupplies granted this feffion. Managers and diredors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame.

Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpofed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets, two prizes of 30,000b two of 20,000b three of 10,cool, five of 5,000b ten of 2,000b 15 of 1,000b 30 of 500b 50 of iool. 100 of 50b 14,150 of 20b 1,000b to the firft-drawn ticket; i,oool. to the laft-drawn. Tickets in the outermoft column of the laft-mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), &c. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing Feb. 20, 1792.

Method to be obferved in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the iums, to be printed. Difputes to be adjufted by the -managers.

Penalty on forging tickets, &c. capital felony and death. Offenders (not in priior.) dilcovering perfons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50b reward.

Provifo no attainder for fuch offences to make corruption of blood, lofs of dower, or difherifon of heirs. Managers, to be fworn. The oath.

I A. B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn In purfuance of an ad of parliament, made in the thirty-firft year of his Majefty’s reign, do fwear, That I will faithfully execute the trull repofed in me ; and that I will not ufe any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any per-fon to ufe any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myfelf, or any other perfon whatfoever; and that I will do the utmoft of my endeavours to prevent any undue or finifter pradice to be done by any perfon whatfoever ; and that I will, to the beft of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid ad.

Cafhier may receive the fums fubferibed before receiving th$ lottery bopk; giving a note for the fame; which fhall entitle the bearer to a ticket for ■every 16b 2s. 6d. paid* After July 1, 1791* the cafliier may deliver tickets

not

Hosted by GoOglC

%66 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 54,55. [1791.

not exceeding m value half of the fum adtually fubfcribed; and fhall give receipts for the refidue of fuch fums, after deducing the value of the tickets fo delivered. Contributory, not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, See. Commiffioners of the treafury may reward the managers, Sec. as they fhall think fit. The 500,000b for the payment of the fortunate, tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this fefiion; and fhall be paid to the proprietors, without any dedudtion, on June 38, 179Z, &c. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, See. and figned, Sec. Com-mifiioners of the treafury impowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this adt. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution-monies, or for any receipts, Sec. on penalty of sjpl. No tickets to be divided into any other (hares than halves, quarters, eighths, and fixteenths, on penalty of 50I. Form of fhares of tickets.

J ^OLTER Y for one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

(AnHalf)	Ticket>	N°

—

(or as the fhare may be.)

The bearer of this fhare will be entitled to one	part of fuch

beneficial chance as fhall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in purfuance of an adt paffed in the thirty-firft year of his prefent Majefty's reign.

Perfons counterfeiting fhares, Scc. guilty of felony, and fuffer as fuch. General ifiue. Treble colts.

CAP. LIV.

An adt to continue, for a limited time, and to amend an adt, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An adt to amend and continue, for a limited time, feveral adts of parliament for regulating the (hipping and carrying fiaves in Britifh vefiels from the coaft of Africa.—Continued until the firft of Auguft, 179a.

C A P. LV.

An aft for ejlablijhing a company for carrying on trade between the kingdom of Great Britain and the coajls, harbours, and countries ^Africa; andfor enabling the faid company to hold, by grant from his Majefy, his heirs andfuccejfors, and from the native princes of Africa, a certain dijlrift of land, commonly called The Peninfula of Sierra Leone, now vejled in his Majejiy, or belonging to the faid princes,for the better enabling the faid company to carry on the faid trade•

Preamble. TT7HEREAS the ejlablijhing of a general trade and commerce V V from thefe kingdoms to and with the coafs of Africa, and from thence to and with the feveral interior kingdoms and countries of that continent, would be highly beneficial to the manufaftories and other trading inter efts of thefe kingdoms : and whereas the interior kingdoms and countries of the faid continent have not hitherto been explored by Europeans, nor hath any regular trade ever been carried on therewith

from

Hosted by Google

1791 *3 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. £5.	367

from tbefe kingdoms, nor can fuch undertakings be conveniently carried on and fupported, unlefs a confiderable capital joint Jlock is raifed for that purpofe: and whereas it is alfo neceffary for the parties engaging therein, that they foould have the foie and abfolute poffiejfion offome dif-tritl of land on the faid coa/ls, where they may for?n a factory or fet~ tlement for their fervants, a fecure depofitory for their goods arid mer-chandije, and a fafe harbour for their jhipping: and whereas feveral perfons have already formed themfelves into a fociety, and fubfcribed confiderable fums of money for the purpofe of ejlablijhing and carrying on Juch trade and commerce; but are apprehenfive that difficulties may arife as well in recovering debts which may grow due to the joint fock, as in defending fuits or aflions which may be commenced or brought againjl the fubfcribers for any matter or thing relative to the fociety, as by law all the feveral fubfcribers and proprietors to and in the fociety mujl in fuch cafe both fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded by their feveral and dijiinfl names and defcriptions; and it is expedient that the feveral fubfcribers and proprietors J.hall be protectedfrom becoming liable to the payment of any fum or fums of moneys beyond their refpettive Jhares in fuch capital joint Jlock: and whereas many perfons who are Hot now liable to become bankrupts, within the intent and meaning of any of the laws now in force concerning bankrupts, are likewifefear-f ul of fubfcribing money to carry on the laudable purpofes of the Jaid fociety , as by becoming fubfcribers to and part owners of the faid capital joint Jlock, and by being engaged or concerned in the dealings to be car-ried on therewith, they may be liable to have commijfions of bankrupt ijfued againjl them as traders: therefore, for the more eafly effecting . the ptirpofes of the faid fociety, and for avoiding the difficulties afore-faid, the faid fociety are defirous of being incorporated, and having a common feal and name, by which they may be known and dijlinguifked, fue and be fued, i tuple ad and be impleaded: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefen t parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, Proprietors* Granville Sharpe efquire, Samuel Whitbread efquire, Henry Thorn-ton efquire, Robert Hunter and Philip Sanfom, merchants of London; fir George Young knight, William Wilberforce efquire, William Lujhington efquire, Richard Clark efquire alderman of London,

Paul le Mefurier efquire alderman of London, William Morland efquire, John Maitland efquire, Jofeph Hardcafle, William Lud-lam, Cornwall Smalley, merchants of London; William Sharpe efquire, Jofeph Corfbie, George Sharp, Theophilus Pritzier, Jofeph Reyner, William Moore, Henry Heyman, John Shaw, Vickeris Taylor, John Thompfon, John Blunt, merchants; fir Francis Wood baronet, John Call efquire, John Ringjlon efquire, the reverend Thomas Gifborne clerk, the reverend Thomas Clarkfon clerk, Charles Grill, Thomas Slack, merchants; Charles Hamilton efquire, Peet Mufgrave, Abraham Harman, James Trimmer, James Renet Syms,

George Dyer, John Blunt junior, merchants; Robert Adamfon efquire, William Sandford efquire, Daniel Beat Chrifie efquire,

John Scott merchant, fir Charles Middleton baronef, Milliatn Morton

Hosted by Google

368 Anno regni tricefimo primo GeoRGII 111. c. 55. [1

ton Pittefquire,Timothy Stansfid merchant, SamudMilfordefquire, John Drury efquire, Robert Hunter junior merchant, fir Willliam Green baronet, James Bland Burgefs efquire, Francis Wilfon efquire, Daniel Roberts merchant, William Agar efquire, Charles Mills efquire, Henry Calvely Cotton efquire, Nathaniel Ward Bowers merchant, Thomas Everett efquire, Thomas Atkinfon merchant, Henry Mitton efquire, William Purdy, Amos Haytony John Blakejley, John Blakejley junior, merchants ; Edward Raveifcroft efquire, John Hobart Briggs gentleman, Sa?nuel Parker, John Brickwood, Thomas Pattle, William Bullock, merchants, JoJhua Jenour efquire, Ralph Leycsfler efquire, James Law efquire, John Gardner efquire, James Phyn, Alexander Ellice, John Inglis, Of-gbod Hanbury\ William Bowman, Nathaniel Lucas, Charles Betkey Samuel Brandram, Samuel Glaifter, Bryant Barret, James Wellington,	Kymer,	JohnTaggart^ Robert Kingjlon,	merchants;

Princep efquire, Alexander Higginfon efquire, fir Richard Carr Glynn knight, George Wolfe, Thomas Eldref merchants, Charles Montagu efquire, Henry Allen efquire, William Parker,	///V-

£z?7, and John Maver, merchants, their executors, adminiftra-tors, and afiigns, and all and every perfons and perfon who {hall hereafter, either in their own right, or as executors, adminiftra-tors, fucceffors, or afiigns, in right of any other perfon or perfons, become proprietors of, or interefted in any part or fhare of the faid capital joint {lock as herein-after is mentioned, {hall be, and they are hereby made one diftinft and feparate body politick and corporate in deed and name, for the eftabliftiing and carrying on of a trade or commerce to, from, and between thefe kingdoms and the coafts, countries, and harbours of Africa, by the name or ftile To be a body cf Sierra Leone Company, and that by the fame name they corporate. {hall have perpetual fuccellion, and a common feal, and that they and their fucceffors may from time to time break, change, alter, or make new fuch common feal, as to them {hall feem meet and expedient.

Cosmpanymay II. And be it further enabled, That the faid company {hall be purcbafe able, and capable in law, and {hall have perfe£l and full power “nd8#	and	ability in law, to have, purchafe, take, hold, receive, pof-

fefs, and.enjoy lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of what nature or kind foever, fituate in any part of his Majeily’s dominions, not exceeding in the whole the annual value of two thou-fand pounds; and that any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey to the faid company any lands, tenements, or hereditaments for the ufe and benefit of the faid company, notwithftanding the ftatute of mortmain, fo that the fame, together with the lands fo to be pur-chafed as aforefaid, do not exceed in the whole the faid annual value of two thoufand pounds; and that the faid company {hall have full power and ability at law to fell, grant, alien, demife, or difpofe of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or any part thereof, at their free will and pleafure, and in their corporate name (hall be able and capable in law to fue and implead, be fued and impleaded* anfwer and be anfwered, defend or be defended,

in

Hosted by Google

J791 *3 -An*10 regni tncefirtlo primo GeorgU lit. c. 55.	$6g

in all or any court of record, or elfewhere, in all adlions, fuitSv and caufefe what foe ver, for, touching, or concerning the fa id company^ or their capital joint Rocky or any of their property^ eftate or eftates, in as large, ample, and beneficial manner and form as any other body politick and corporate, or any other the liege people of Great Britain, or other his .Majefly’s dominions* may or can have, pUrchafe, take, hold, receive, polTefs and enjoy, fell, grant, alien, demife, or difpofe, fue, implead, anfwer, or defend, or be impleaded, fued, defended, or anfvvered* in any manner of wife, and fhall and may by the name aforefaid do, perform, and execute, and caufe and procure to be done, performed, and executed, all or any lawful acts, matters, and things whatfoever, appertaining to them to do, perform, or execute* for, touching, or concerning the general trade or dealings of the faid company.

III.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the Power to raife faid company, in fuch general court or courts thereof as is or are ? capital authorised to be holden purfuant to this a£1, to raife fuch capital Joint ^oc • joint flock for the eftablifhing and carrying on of the trade or

bufmefs of the faid company, at fuch times and in fuch proportions as to them fhall feem meet, not exceeding in the whole the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, by taking fubferiptions from'par-ticular perfons (being or not being members of the faid company) for advancing money for this purpofe, in fuch (hares as are herein-after mentioned, according to the order or orders of fuch general court or courts for the time being of the faid company, or by fuch ways and means, and in fuch methods, as to fuch general' court-or courts fhall feem meet and expedient, for making up the faid capital joint flock, and that the laid capital joint flock fo to be railed fhall be divided intofhares of fifty pounds each.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That all and every perfons and Subfcribers to perfon by or for whom any fubfeription fhall be made or accept- have an in-ed, or any payment made purfuant to the orders of fuch general

court or courts, for or towards the raifing of the faid capital joint fl-0ck, accord-frock as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiflrators, or ingtothe afiigns refpedlively, fhall have and be entitled to a {hare of and in amount of the faid capital joint flock of the faid company, in proportion to the monies which he or they fhall have contributed towards making up the fame, and to a proportionable fhare of the profits and advantages attending the fame capital joint flock, and fhall be admitted to be members of the faid company; but that no perfon or perfons (hall be entitled to any greater (hare in the faid capital or joint flock of the faid company than the money which he, {he, or they fhall have paid towards the fame; and that the feveral members of the faid company do and {hall refpedlively (land refponfible and anfwer able to all juft debts and demands of the creditors of the faid company, to the full amount of their feveral and refpedlive (hares in the capital of the faid joint flock, but fhall not be any further or otherwife liable, either perfonally or in their feveral and refpec-tive lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, or effedls, for any undertakings, engagements, contracts, or agreements,

.^Vol XXXVII.	Bb	entered

Hosted by Google

to borrow money.

Company not to deal in or have (laves.

Dire&ors

pointed.

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. [1791.

entered into by the faid company, or the dealings and tranfavStions thereof.

V.	Provided always nevcrthelefs, and be, it further ena&ed. Company not That it fhall not be lawful for the faid company to borrow or take

up, by way of loan, anyfum or fums of money whatfoever, other than and except by a fubfcription for fhares, in manner hereinbefore fpecified and mentioned.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That it fhall not be lawful for the faid company, either direcffly or indire&ly, by itfelf or themfelves, or by the agents or fervants of the faid company, or othcrwife howfoever, to deal or traffic in the buying or felling of Haves, or in any manner whatsoever to have, hold, appropriate, or employ any perfon or perfons in a (late of flavery in the lervice of the faid company.

VII.	And, for the better ordering, managing and governing of the affairs of the faid company, and for the making and eftablijhing of a continual fucceffion of perfons to be directors thereof be it further’

ap- ena&ed, That there (hall be from time to time chofen from out of the members of the faid company, during the continuance of the faid company, thirteen dire&ors of and for the fame company, (one of whom fliali be chofen for a chairman, as herein-after mentioned, and one ether for a deputy chairman); which directors, or the major part of them, being met and affembled together (whereof the chairman or deputy chairman to be one, except in liich cafes as hereafter otherwife directed) fhall be and be called a court of directors of the faid company, and fhall have the ordering, management, and direction of the affairs of the faid company, as herein-after mentioned.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That an election of thirteen

electing direc- directors of and for the faid company fhall be made as herein-after torb'	is mentioned, by and out of the members of the faid company, at

a general court of the faid company, to be held within thirty days after the firft day ov July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one ; and that on fome day or days, time or times, between the firft day of January and the firft day of April in every fubfequent year, there fhall be an eleCtion of thirteen directors of the faid company, and that the perfons who fhall be fo eleCted directors of the faid company fhall continue directors thereof until the perfons to be eleCted directors at the then next enfuing general election, or the major part of them, fhall be fworn into their refpeCtive offices.

For giving no- IX. And be it further enacted, That notice of the day and days, ticeof the time time and times when any eleCtion is to be made of a director or of chufing di- direebor^ of and for the faid company fhall be given and publifhed^ rcc orb. *n ^ Lonc[on Gazette, by fuch perfon or perfons as are hereby impowered to fummon a court to make fuch ele&ion refpeCtively, fourteen days at leaft before any fuch eleCtion fhall be made.

For chufing a X. And be it further enabled, That upon and after every fuch chairman and annual election of thirteen directors, and the faid new directors, eputy c <ui- or ^ major part of them, fhall be duly fworn in, they the faid new directors, or the major part of them, fhall, at their firft meet-

ingt

Manner of

man.

Hosted by Google

1791 *3 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 55- zn

ing, eledl and choofe two of their own number to be a chairman and deputy chairman of the faid court of dire&ors, who (hall continue in their refpe6tive offices until the perfons fo to be elected directors at the next enfuing general election, or the major of them, (hall be fworn into their refpe£tive offices.

XL And be it further ena6ted, That in cafe of the death or For chufin^ other avoidance of the office of director or directors of the faid company for the time being, or any of them, the furvivors of them, death or or the major part of thofe remaining in their offices, fhalland may avoidance e>f at any time, upon fourteen days notice at leaft to be given in the the office, London Gazette as a'orefaid, alienable together the members of the faid company ; and the members of the faid company fo afiembled, or the major part of them, fhalland may then and there elect and choofe fome other perl'on or perfons, qualified as herein is diredf-.ed, in the room and ftead of the perfon or perfons then dead, oi whofe office or offices lhall have otherwife become void; and that the perfon or perfons fo to be chofen fhall continue in fuch office or offices refpedtively until the perfon or perfons to be elected directors at the next enfuing general election, or the major part of them, fhall be fworn into their refpective offices.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafa of the death or For chufmg a other avoidance of the office of chairman or deputy chairman of chairman and the court of directors of the faid company, the furvivors or others n^ar^of the*11* of the faid directors for the time being fhall and may, at any court court of direc-of directors to be fummoned and held for that purpofe, as herein- tors, in cafes before is mentioned, proceed to the ele£tion of one or two of their °f death or own number to be a chairman or deputy chairman, as the cafe ^he1 office ° may be ; and that the chairman or deputy chairman fo to be elected lhall continue in his or their office or refpedtive offices until

the perfons to be elected directors at the then next enfuing general election, or the major part of them, (hall be fworn into their refpedtive offices.

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That all elections of a direc- Elevens and tor or directors of the faid company, or any of them, and all mat- bufmd? to be ters and things, in all general courts to be holden of the faid com- majorit^of. ^ pany, (hall be made, dor^, and determined bv the majority of the votes, votes of the members of the faid company, who lhall be prefent

at fuch elections.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That in every eledlion of Members of dire&ors, or any of them, in any general or other court, which

fhall be holden of the faid company, every member thereof who according to fhall vote at fuch general or other court, and fhall, at the time of the number of fuch general or other court, have, in his or her own name and their fhares. right, one or two {hare or {hares in the then capital joint ftock of the faid company, and no more, fhall (by reafon and in right thereof) have and be entitled to one vote; and every member of the faid company who fhall vote at any fuch general or other court, and fhall then have, in his or her own name and right, three or fourfhares in the then capital joint hock of the faid company, and no more, fhall (by reafon and in right thereof) have and be entitled to two votes ; and every member of the faid com-- * -	£ b 2	pany

Hosted by Google

372	Anno	regni	tricefimo	primo GEORGli III. c. 55. [1791;

pany who {hall vote at any fuch general or other court, and fhall then have, in his or her own name and right, five, fix, or (even fhares in the then capital joint flock of the laid company, and no more, fhall (by reafon and in right thereof) have and be entitled to three votes ; and every member of the faid company who fhall vote at any fuch general or other court, and fhall then have, in his or her own name and right, eight or nine fhares in the-then capital joint flock of the faid company, and no more, fhall (by reafon and in right thereof) have and be entitled to four votes ; and every member of the faid company who fhall vote at any fuch general or other court, and fhall then have, in his or her own name and right, ten or more fhares in the then capital joint flock of the faid company, fhall (by reafon and in right of fuch fhares) have and be entitled to five votes; but that no member of the faid company fhall have or be entitled to give, at any general or other court of the faid company, more than five votes.

Directors to XV. And be it further enabled, That no perfon to be eledled take an oath* into the office of a director of the faid company fhall be capable of adling in the faid office, until he fhall have taken an oath, in form of to the effedt following 3 (videlicetJ,

I A. B. dofaithfully pro mife and fvuear, That in the office of director of the Sierra Leone company I will give my beji advice and affijlance for the fupport and good government of the faid company, and that I will faithfully and honejlly demean myfelf and execute the faid office according to the beji of my /kill and nnderjlanding.

So help me GOD.

No perfon to XVI. And be it further enacled, That no perfon, except fuch have a vote in joint proprietor as hereafter mentioned, fhall give any vote for the d^re6toS°or°^ e^e^lon °f directors, or any of them, or for or concerning the making of bye fnaking of byelaws, or any other matters relating to the affairs iaws, butpro- or government of the faid company, at any general or other court, who fhall not then have, in his or her own name and right, and for his or her own ufe, and not in trull for any other perfon, one {hare at leafl in the capital joint flock of the faid company.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That where more perfons than one fhall be jointly interefled in one or more fhare or fhares in the faid capital joint flock, they fhall be entitled to give their vote or votes in refpedl of fuch fhare by the perfon only whofe name fhall ftand firft in the books of the faid company as joint the form fhall proprietor of fuch fhare or fhares.

vote*	XVIII.	And be it further enadted, That in all cafes where the

^ake^ffirma PeF^on or Pel*f°ns by this a61 required to take any oath fhall be of tions inftead the people called quakers, it fhall be fufficient for him or them, of the oaths inflead of the oath required, to make his or their folemn affirma-required- tion to the fame effect.

No perion to XIX. And be it further enadted, That no perfon fhall be ca-dfreCtor^un Pa^e °f being eledled or cbofen a diredtor of the faid company, ltfeCpolle(fed vyhq fhall- noi a-cthe time of fuch choice.or eledtioa have, in his

own

pnetors.

Where joint proprietors hold a fhare, the perfon whole name hands firft in

Hosted by Google

j791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgti III. c. 55.	373

own name, and in his own right, and for his own ufe, and jointly with or in truft for any other perfon or perfons, one fliare at leaft in the capital joint flock of the faid company ; and that ft0ck. upon parting with his fliare in the faid capita] joint flock, or reducing the fame to lefs than one fhare as before mentioned, the place of fuch director fo parting with, reducing, or diminifliing his fhare in the faid capital joint flock as aforefaid, (ball become vacant, and another proprietor fhall be elected director in his room by the members of the faid company, according to the rules and methods herein prefcribed or mentioned, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enadted, That no perfon nominated Form of oath to be a director fhall be capable to act in the faid office of diredtor	^7

until he fhall have taken an oath, in the words or to the effedt 1 e ^,rc on” following (videlicet):

I A. B. do five ar, That one fhare at leaf of the capital joint flock of the Sierra Leone company, whereof 1 am appointed or elected to he directory doth at this time belong to me in my own right, and not in trufl for any other perjon or perfons whomfoever.

So help me GOD.

XXI.	And be it further enadted, That the feveral and refpec- Oaths to be tive oaths by thisadt required or appointed to be taken by the faid taken by di-diredtors of the faid company, every or any of them refpedtively, re&qrs to be fhall and may be adminiftered by the lord mayor of the city of byword ^ Londonflor any alderman of the faid city for the time being, or mayor, &c„ any of them, or by any two or more of the faid court of directors, who fhall firft have taken the faid oaths, and they and every of them refpedtively are hereby authorifed and required to adminifler the faid oaths accordingly.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or per- In cafe any Tons to be nominated diredtor or diredtorsas aforefaid fhall, for the Pfi'fon chofen fpace of forty days after fuch nomination or eledtion, and notice feg^^ededs thereof given or fent to or left with or for him or them at his or to"qualify or their ufual place of refidence, by writing under the hand of the takethe office, fecretaryof the Lid company for the time being, negledf or refufe anew eledtion to take the oath hereby appointed to be taken by the faid directors to ma^e* of the Lid company, or fhall refufe or neglect to take upon him his or their office or offices of diredtor, then and in fuch cafe the office or place of director of every perfon fo negledting or refilling fhall become vacant, and a new election or eledtions fhall be made into fuch place or places by the members of the faid company, according to fuch rules, methods, and qualifications of the electors as herein-before is mentioned and prefcribed.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted. That the faid court of di- For holding redtors for the time being, or the major part of them (whereof the chairman or deputy chairman to be always one, unlefs in fuch dfrettovs. cafes as herein-after mentioned) fhall and may from time to time, and at all convenient times, aflemble and meet together at any

B b 3	convenient

Hosted by Google

374 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii 111. c. 55, [1791. ,

convenient place or places, for the direftion and management of the affairs or bufinefs of the (aid company, and then and there hold courts of directors for the affairs or bufinefs of the laid company, and fummon general courts to meet as often as they fhall fee eaufe; and that the faid court of direftors, or the major part of them, fo affemblcd, fhall and may aft according to fuchbye laws, conftitutions, orders, rules, or directions as fhall from time to time be made and given unto them by the general court of the faid company, and in all cafes not efpecially provided for by any bye laws, conftitutions, orders, rules, or directions made by the faid general court, the faid court of directors, or the major part '	of them, fo aflembled, fhall and may direft and manage all the

affairs and bufinefs of the faid company, not efpecially appointed by this aft to be done by the faid company, in a general court of the fame, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch reftriftions, limitations, rules, or appointments as are contained in this aft on that behalf

XXIV.	And belt further enafted, That all matters and things appointed.6 which the faid court of direftors, or the major part of them, fliall

order and direft to be done by fub-committees, or^other perfons appointed under them, fhall and may, by virtue of fuch orders, be done by the faid fub-committees and other perfons fo appointed, as fully as the faid court of direftors might lawfully do the fame.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That the faid court of direftors fhall have power and authority to adminifter an oath to their fecretary, for the faithful and due execution of his truft, in the words, or to the effeft following (videlicet) ;

I A. B. being elected into the office or place of fecretary to the Sierra Leone company, do fiveary That I will be true and faithful to the ry’s oath. faid company, and will faithfully and truly execute and difeharge the faid office offecretary, to the utmojl of my fill and power.

So help me GOD,

And that when any perfon fball be appointed fecretary of the faid company, notice in writing fliall be forthwith fent to, pr left with or for him, at his ufual place of refidence, by the chairman of the court of direftors at which he fliall be fo chofen, of fuch his election, and he fhall by fuch notice be required to qualify him-felf without delay for the faid office, by taking the faid oat(i. Notice to be XXVI, And be it further enafted, That when any perfon fhall fonsappomted aPP°^nte^ agent or fervant of the faid company, notice thereof aeents or fer- fliall given or fent to, or left with or for him at his ufual place vants to the of refidence, by writing under the hand of the fecretary of the faid company. company for the time being.

The oath of XXVII. And be it further enafted, That the faid court of dU agepts or ier- re£ors have power and authority to adminifter to the agents *l°*	and fervants of the faid company the like oath, mutatis mutandis,

which they are hereby authqrifed and impowered to adminifter to their fecretary.

Secretary. &c. XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any perfon Beglefting to	*Q

Hosted by Google

* 179r*l Anno regni tricefnno primoGEORGii III. c. 55.	375

to be elected fecretary, agent, or fervant of the faid company as take the oath,

aforefaid, fhall^ for the fpace of forty days after fuch nomination ^.office to be

or eledtion, and notice thereof given or fent to, or left with or for

him at his ufual place of refidence* by writing as herein-before is

mentioned, negledt or refufe to take the refpedtive oath and oaths

hereby appointed to be taken as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negledt

to take upon him or them, his or their office or offices, that then,

and in every fuch cafe, the office and place of every fuch perfon fo

negledting or refufing fhall become vacant, and a new eledtion or

elections fhall be made into fuch place or places as in the refpec-

tive cafes is herein-before prefcribed and mentioned.

XXIX.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for Meeting of the members of the faid company, qualified as aforefaid, from time ^ company, to time, to aflemble and meet together at any convenient place or

places, for the choice of the directors of the faid company, according to the true intent of this adt, and for the making of bye laws, ordinances, rules, orders, or directions for the good government thereof, or for any other affairs or bufmefs concerning the faid company; and that all the members of the faid company, or fo many of them as fhall be aflembled (whereof the chairman or deputy chairman to be always one, except in fuch cafes as hereinafter are mentioned) fhall be and be called a general court of the faid company, which court fhali aflemble and meet together at fuch times and in fuch manner as herein-after is directed.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That the faid court of direc- One general tors or the major part of them for the time being, fhall and they

are hereby required, from time to time, to fummon and appoint be held! one general court at leafl: in every year, between the firil day of yanuary and the firft day of April.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That if at any time or For fummon-times there fhall be a failure of holding a general court within the ing general faid time, by the default of the court of directors for the time be- courts,incafes ing, that then and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, any five or call^them^y more of the directors of the faid company fhall and may fummon the court of and call a general court, which fhall meet and be holden fome dire&ors. time in the month of May next after the time in which fuch general court fhould have been holden, upon the fummons of the major

part of the court of diredtors of the faid company as aforefaid.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted, That the faid court of di- For fummon-redtors, or the major part of them for the time being, fhall, from ]ng general time to time, upon demand in writing under their hands, to be ^^on^oin made by any nine or more of the members of the faid company, njne members having each of them one full fhare at leafl in the capital joint flock of the conv-of the faid company, folely or jointly, as herein-before is men- pany. tioned, within twenty days after fuch demand, call a general court

to be held of the members of the faid company; and if the faid court of diredtors, or the major part of them, fhall refufe or neg-ledt to fummon and call fuch general court, it fhall be lawful for the faid nine or more members, having each one fuil fhare as aforefaid, upon fourteen days notice in writing to be publifhed in the London Gazette^ to fummon and hold a general court of the faid

B b 4	company,

Hosted by Google

directors for rnii management, and chafing others in their places.

376 Anno regni tricefimo primo GeorGII III. c. 55. [1791,

company, and then and there to appoint one of themfe:ves to ha prefident or chairman of the general court fo to beholden, and to do and difpatch any bufineis relating to the government or affairs of the faid company j and that in the general court fo to be called andholden, or in any other general court of the (aid company, the members then and there prefent may hear and debate any complaint that {hall be made againfb any director or directors, for mifmanagement in his or their office or offices ; and if fuch direct tor or directors {hall not clear himfelf or themielves of fuch complaint to the fatisfadtion of the major part of the members of the faid company, who fhall be prefent at thefaid general court, then and in every fuch cafe, within twenty days next after fuch general court, another general court fhall be called and held of the -mem^-bers of the faid company, fourteen days notice thereof being given as aforefaid, finally to determine the fame by the majority of votes For removing as aforefaid ; and that the faid fecond general court may, by the majority of votes as aforefaid, remove and difplace any diredlor or directors for fuch mifmanagement in his or their office or offices, and may ele£l fome other perfon or perfons from out of the members of the faid company, being qualified as herein-before is mentioned, to be diredtor or diredhors in manner before preferibed, in the room or rooms, ftead or {leads of fuch perfon or perfons as {hall be removed or difplaced, and that the perfon or perfons fo to be eledted {hall continue in fuch office or offices, until the perfons tobeeledled diredlorsat the then next enfuing general eledlion, or the major part of them, {hall be fworn into their refpedlive offices,

XXXIII.	And be it further enadled, That the faid company snake byelaw?. {haq haye fuq power, and they are hereby authorifed in the general courts or affemblies aforefaid, by majority of votes as aforefaid, to make and conflitute reafonable laws, conflitutions, orders, and ordinances, from time to time, for, touching, or concerning the trade of the faid company, and for making dividends of the profits arifing from their capital joint flock, and for the good govern-j ment of all or any other affairs or bufinefs of the faid company, and for the good government of all the officers, fervants, and others, concerned in the fame, and to infiidl reafonable penalties and forfeitures for any breach or breaches thereof, fo that the fame be not repugnant to the laws of this realm ; and that all the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be levied, recovered, and received to the only ufe and behoof of the faid company,, without any account, matter, or thing, to be therefore rendered to any perfon or perfons whomfoever.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled, That the firfl general court for the faid company fhall be held within the fpace of thirty days next after the firfl day qf July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety one.

XXXV.	And be it further epaebed, That in all cafes when there fhal] be an equality, or an equal number of votes in any general court, or in any court of directors to be holden as aforer faid, the chairman for the time being (hail have the calling-vote.

XXXVI# And be it further exacted, That a court of direftors

■' of

Company may

Firft general court.

Chairman to have the call Jng vote.

For holding •courts of di-Tsdtorso

Hosted by Google

377

f 791 -3 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 55.

of the fa id company (hall be fummoned and held once at lead in every calendar month, during the continuance of the faid company ; and that in cafe the chairman or deputy chairman fhall re-fufe or negledl to fummon and hold a court of directors, once at lead in every calendar month, and in every cafe, where under the provifions of this a£t it fhall be neceffiary that a court of directors fhou'd be held, and through neglect or refufal of the chairman or deputy, or deaths of them, or either of them, the fame cannot be otherwife held, then and in every fuch cafe, and fo often, five or more of the directors of the faid company for the time being may, upon reafonable notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, fummon the directors of the faid company to affemble and meet together at the then ufual place of meeting of the court of diredfors, and the faid directors, fo affembled upon fuch fummons, or the major part of them, (hall be and be deemed to be a court of directors of the faid company, and fhall and may t ran fail and do all matters and things belonging to a court of diredtors of the (aid company to tranfadl and do.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That when any court of F°r holding diredlors (hall be duly fummoned to affemble and meet together, re&lors^not-if the chairman or deputy chairman (hall by reafon of ficknefs, withftanding abfence from London^ or other occafions, not come or be prefent the abfence of at fuch meeting, and fhall not fend notice of his or their inability the chairman to attend, within two hours after the time appointed for fuch

meeting, then and in fuch cafe the directors, or the major part of them, being fo met, (hall and may in fuch cafe make, hold, and be a court of directors, and do and tranfadl all matters and things belonging to a court of diredlors of the faid company to do and tranfadt; or if the chairman and deputy chairman (hall fend notice of their inability to attend, then, without waiting two hours after the time appointed as aforefaid, the directors, or the major part of them, fo met, (hall and may make, hold, and be a court of directors, and in like manner proceed to bufinels.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadted, That the faid company (hall caufe an accomptant to keep a book or books in the publick office or place of meeting of the faid company, to be provided for that purpofe, and therein fairly to enter or caufe to be entered, from time to time, the account of the capital joint (lock of the faid company as aforefaid, the fame to be by him attested upon oath (if required), which faid book or boolcs (hall from time to time lie open to be viewed, and (hall be called The Ledger of the Capital Joint Stock of the Sierra Leone Company ; and there ihall alfo be from time to time provided and kept, as herein-after is mentioned, one or more other book or books, which (hall be called The 'Transfer Book or Books of the Sierra Leone Company.

XXXIX.	And be it further enadted, That the (hares of all and every perfon and perfons whomfoever, of and in the faid capital joint (lock of the faid company, or any of them (fo that the fame be not thereby fplit and divided into fradtions) ihall and may be affignable and transferrable, affignedand transferred, to fuch perfon or perfons only as (hall freely and voluntarily accept the fame,

and

Hosted by Google

For keeping the books of the company.

For affigning Ilians.

and not otherwife, by an entry to be made in the faid transfer book or books, figned by the party or parties fo aligning or tranf-ferring, in the words or to the effe£t following, (videlicet)*y

I A. B. transfer and ajfign unto C. D. his executors, adminiftra-tors, and ajjigns, my	Jhare or J,hares

[as the cafe may be] in the capital joint Jlock of the Sierra Leone Company, and all benefit arifing therefrom. IVitncfs my hand, this

day of

in the year of our Lord

Or in cafe the perfon or perfons aligning or transferring be not prefent, that then and in fuch cafe the alignment or transfer fhall be made by an entry in the faid book or books lad mentioned, figned by fome perfon thereunto lawfully authorifed by letter of attorney, or deed duly executed in the prefence of and atteded by two or more witnedes, in the words or to the effed following, (videlicet),

I A. B. by virtue of a letter of attorney from C. D. dated the day of	in	the	year	of

our Lord	do	in	the	name and on the behalf

of the faid C. D. transfer and ajfign unto E. F. his executors, admi-nifirators, and ajfigns, the	Jhare or fares of

the faid C. D. in the capital jointJlock of the Sierra Leone company, and all beneft arifing therefrom. TVitnefs my hand, the day of	in	the	year	of	our	Lord

No perfon to claim as executor, acimi-uiftrator, or devifee, without producing the probate or letters of ad-fmniftration.

And that all alignments and transfers made in manner above preferred, and no other, fhall be good and available in the law, and fhall transfer and convey the whole edate and intered of the party or parties fo aligning or transferring, or authorifing fuch alignment or transfer, of and in fuch and fo many of his, her, or their faid fhares thereof, as in fuch alignment or transfer fhall be mentioned, and all benefits and advantages in refped thereof, unto the afiignee or transferee, adignees or transferrees therein named, his, her, and their executors, adminidrators, and affigns.

XL. And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon who fhall claim any (hare or intered of or in the capital joint dock of the faid company, either as executor, adminidrator, or legatee, fhall tranf-fer the fame, or receive any dividends or profits thereof, until he, fhe, or they fhall have produced the will, or probate of the will, or the letters of adminidration under which he, fhe, or they re-fpeuliveiy claim, unto the perfon or perfons who fhall have the care and keeping of the faid transfer book, in order to his or their making an entry or memorandum of fuch will, probate, or letters of adminidration, or of fo much thereof as relates to the faid dock, in a book or books to be by him or them kept and provided for that purpofe, which book or books lliall be open in the transfer office, to be feen and perufed at all feafonable times, by all perfons concerned, without fee or charge 3 and the perfon or perfons

keep-

Hosted by Google

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo prirno GeorGii III. c. 55*	379

keeping the (aid transfer books is and are hereby required to provide and keep fuch book or books, and to make fuch entries and memorandums accordingly.

XLI. And, to prevent any doubts in the minds of the publick with refpeCt to the credit of the faid1 company, be it further enabled, That For prevent-fomc time between the firft day of April and the firft day of May in every year, there (hall be publifhed and declared in the London t|1c pUbHck, Gazette, a juft and true account of the debts, credits, and amount with refpetf to of the capital ftock of the faid company, figned by the chairman, the credit of deputy chairman, and five other directors of the faid company for thecompany. the time being.

XLIL And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for Forappointing the directors of the faid company for the time being from time to makfng allow* time to choofe or appoint, or caufe to be chofen and appointed, ances to them, fuch officers and fervants as they (hall judge neceflary to be employed in the fervice or the faid company, and to continue them,; or any of them, in their refpective offices or employments, in fuch manner as they the faid directors fhall think fit; and alfo to fettle and eftablifh proper falaries, fees, or allowances to the officers 2nd fervants fo to be chofen and appointed.

XLlil. And be it further enabled, That the capital joint flock Shares in the of the faid company, and the fhare and interefl of each and every particular member thereof and therein, fhall be deemed and ad- deemed per* judged, in all courts of law and equity, and elfewhere, to be a fonal eftate. perfonal and not a real eftate, and fhall go to the executors or adminiftrators of the perfon or perfons dying poflefled thereof, or entitled thereunto, and not to the heir of fuch perfon.

XLIV. And, for the better and ?nore effectually ejlablifldng and carrying on of the trade and bufinefs of the faid company, be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and ^rs Majefty fucceflors, to make unto the faid company a grant, by letters pa- ^^^nd^the tent under the great feal of Great Britain, of fo much and fuch company to part of all that tra£l or diftribl of land, fituate and being at Sierra hold, the ex-Leone, on the coaft of Africa, and commonly called or known by clufive right to the name or defeription of The Peninfula of Sierra Leone, as already of^fe^^Leo-may have, or fhall hereafter, by any grant, purchafe, or celfion ne> from any of the kings, princes, or chiefs having right therein, become vefted in his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, with full power, liberty, and privilege to and for the faid company to purchafe of and from all kings, princes, and chiefs, or other powers having right to make fale thereof, fo much land as fhall include the whole trabl or diftribl fo commonly called or known by the name of The Peninfula of Sierra Leone as aforefaid, as the fame is bounded on the north by the river Sierra Leone, on the fouth by the river Caramanca, on the eaft by the river Bunce, and on the weft by the fea, to hold the fame, and the whole ufe, property, and pofleflion of the faid peninfula (as well fuch part thereof as may have fo been vefted in his Majefty as aforefaid, as alfo fuch additional part fo to be purchafed by them under the authority of this abf, and his Majefty’s faid grant) unto the faid company and their affigns^ upon fuch terms, conditions, and refetVations to be

inferred

Hosted by Google

380 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. [1791*

For fecurmg the African merchants op- ration of U>e act.

Proceedings not to be vacated for want of form. Limitation of adtions.

inferted in the faid grant, as his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelTors refpeclively, (hall judge expedient.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enadted, That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to affedt the rights of any other Britijh) fubj.edts trading to Africa, fo as to prevent or in any manner to obftrudt the Chips or vefTels belonging to Britijh fubjedts from anchoring in Sierra Leone or Cara-manca rivers, or in any of the creeks, bays, or harbours within the limits fpecified in this adt, for the purpofe of refitting and repairing as heretofore, with full liberty to the fame to eredt tem-. porary tents, huts, or fheds on the (bores of the faid peninfula, for the fecurity of the (fores and accommodation of the perfons employed upon fuch occafions; and that no impediment or obftruc-tion (hall be given by the faid company, their agents or fervants, to fuch Britijh fubjedts, or their agents, to prevent their pur-chafing ivory, wax, tamv/ood, and provifions from the natives, or procuring fruit, firewood, and water as heretofore, without; any new charge being exadted for the fame.

XLVI. And be it further enadted, That no proceedings to be had and taken in purfuance of this adt, (hall be quaftiedor vacated for want of form only.

XLVII. And be it further enadled. That if any adtion, fuit, or information (hall be brought, inftituted, or commenced (in any court of Great Britain) againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, or in the execution of the powers and authorities, or the orders and diredtions herein-before given or granted, every fuch adtion, fuit or information, (hall be brought or commenced within fix calendar months next after the fadt committed, or in cafe there (hall be a continuance of damage, then within fix calendar months next after the doing or committing fuch damage (hall ceafe, and not afterwards ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion, fuit, or information may, in any fuch court, plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this act: and if it (hail appear to have been fo done, or if any action, fuit, or information, (hall be brought after the time fo limited for bringing the fame, then and in fuch cafe the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, or the court of feflions in Scot-land (hall difmifs the faid fuit; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, pur-fuer or purfuers, (hall become nonfuit, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their adtion, fuit or information, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if a verdidt or judgement, or decifion of the court of feftion in Scotland\ (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, purfuer or purfuers, or if upon demurrer, or otherwife, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in any adtion or adtions at law.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this adt (hall take

place

Hosted by Google

j791.] Anno regni tricefinnopnmoGEORGii III. c. 56.	381

place and have continuance from the firft day of July one thou^ For limiting fand feven hundred and ninety-one, for and during the term of ^^hcTaft'to thirty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next thirty.one ° feflion of parliament.	years.

XLIX. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid,

That this adt {hall be deemed and taken to be a publick adt; and Publick adt. all judges in any of the courts in Great Britain, juftices, and other perfons, are hereby required to take notice of it as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAR LVI.

An aft more effectually to prevent abufes and frauds committed by per- ■

Jons employed in the manufaftures of combing wool and worjledyarn, in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fa id city.

WHEREAS, by certain afts of parliament, made in the twenty- Preamble.

fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, and the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majejly, for 2zGeo.z.c.27. the more effedtua) preventing of frauds and abufes committed by 14Geo.3-c.44. perfons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, ^Geo.j.c.^. linen, fuftian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and iilk manufactures ; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers, and journeymen hotpreflers, and of all perfons employed in the faid feveral manufadtures, and for the better payment of their wages; certain penalties and punijhments in the faid afts refpeftively mentioned are infiifted upon all perfons who floall reel Jhort or falfe yarn, and on perfons embezzling the materials ufed in the faid manufaftures: and ivbereas the purpofes of the faid afts have been greatly frufi rated, within the comity ^/Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city, from the woolcombers and makers of worfied yarn being unwilling to expofe the?nfelves fingly to the lofs attending the refentment of the fpinners and work people, by profecuting them for offences againfi the faid afts : and whereas this important branch of the vjoollen manufafture within the places aforefaid will be greatly prejudiced, unlefs the woolcombers and makers of ivorfled yarn are enabled jointly to carry the faid afts into effectual execution, and unlefs Jerne further regulations are made to prevent frauds and abufes committed by. perfons employed in the manufaftures of combing wool and worjled yarn, which cannot be done without the aid of parliament: m*y it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That a general meeting of the woolcombers and makers of Generalmeetr worfted yarn, in the countyof Norfolk,and city of and j^awers county of the lame city, mail be held at the city of Norwich, upon appointed, or before the fecond day of September one thoufand fever, hundred and ninety-one, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the fore-	'

noon, notice of which fhall be given in fome of the Norwich newfpapers, at leaft twenty-one days before the faid meeting, by u	the

Hosted by Google

No journeyman to attend or vote at any meeting.

Committee to appoint a clerk.

Kis duty.

Quarterly meetings appointed.

the clerk of the peace for the city of Norwich, at which faid general meeting fuch of the faid woolcombers and makers of worfted yarn as (hall be prefent fhall have votes, and having firft chofen a chairman, (hall elect, nominate, and appoint twelve perfons from amongft themfelves, which faid twelve perfons fo to be defied fhall be a committee of the faid woolcombers and makers of worfted yarn, until another committee fhall be chofen and appointed in the manner herein-after provided, and fo as often as there fhall be occafton, which committee are hereby authorifed and impowered to nominate and recommend proper perfons to be licenfed by the juftices of the peace for the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city refpeclively, at any of their quarter feftions, or any adjournment thereof, to be infpec-tors for the purpofes herein-after mentioned ; and the faid committee fhall alfo have the dire£tion of all profecutions of offenders againff this and the faid before-mentioned a£:s, and the management of the fund or funds herein-after created, and fhall have power to do all other matters and things which may be deemed neceffary and proper for carrying this a£l into execution, in fuch manner as the faid committee fhall from time to time think beff: for the intereft and advantage of all the woolcombers and makers of worfted yarn in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and, county of the fame city.

II.	Provided always, That no woolcomber or maker of worfted yarn, who fhall be employed as a journeyman, fhall attend or have a vote at any meeting to be held in purfuance of this a61, or in any manner interfere in the carrying of this a6t into execution.

III.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the faid committee, at any quarterly meeting aflembled, and they are hereby authorifed and required, from time to time,' to nominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper perfon to be their clerk, which faid clerk fhall attend the meetings of the faid committee, and fhall, in proper books to be provided for that purpofe, enter and keep true and perfe6f accounts of all the a<5ts, proceedings, and transactions of the faid committee ; and that each and every of the faid woolcombers and makers of worfted yarn fhall and may, at all convenient times, have recourfe to, and perufe and infpedh all fuch books gratis, and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any part thereof, paying two-pence for every one hundred words fo to be copied; and if any fuch clerk fhall refufe to permit any fuch woolcomber or maker of worfted yarn to infpeft any fuch book, or refufe or wilfully neg-le£t to .make and deliver any copy thereof, or of any part thereof, at the rate aforefaid, he fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That for the purpofes aforefaid, a meeting of the faid committee fhall be held four times in every year, (that is to fay) on the firft: Friday in the months of January, Aprils July, and October, at five of the clock in the afternoon of each and every of the faid days, in the city of Norwich $

Hosted by Google

179T-1 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 56-

wich; and the committee at fuch quarterly meetings fhall have power to adjourn themfelves from to time, as occafion may require, the firffc of which faid quarterly meetings fhall be held on the firft of the faid days on which the faid quarterly meetings are herein-before appointed to be held, which fhall happen after the eleblion of fuch committee, and at fuch place as fhall be fixed and agreed upon by fuch committee after their eleblion; and at fuch firft quarterly meeting, and every fubfequent meeting of fuch committee, a chairman for each fuch meeting fhall be chofen; and at every fuch quarterly meeting the place at which the then next quarterly meeting fhall be held fhall be fixed upon and ap-	/

pointed by the majority of fuch committee then affembled; and Chairmans# the chairman of fuch committee is hereby required to caufe four- e c 0 en* teen days notice to be given of the time and place of the next following quarterly meeting of fuch committee in fome of the Norwich newfpapers; and all matters or things that fhall come Queftiontoba before fuch committee for their determination fhall be determined	^

by a majority of votes of the members of fuch committee there prefent; and if there fhall be an equality of votes upon any question which fhall come before the faid committee, after the chairman fhall be chofen, then the chairman fhall have a calling vote, by which vote fuch queftion in difpute fhall be determined.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That in cafe at any fuch quarterly No bufinefg meetings, or at any adjournment thereof, there fhall not be pre-	e

fent and aftembled five of the perfons conftituting fuch committee, meetings, un-then and in fuch cafe no bufinefs whatfoever fhall be done at fuch lefs five meta-meeting or adjournment, except that (if fuch meeting fhall be a hers are prequarterly meeting) then the majority of the perfons prefent fhallleil * appoint the place at which the then next enfuing quarterly meeting fhall be held, and fhall caufe fourteen days notice to be given thereof in fome of the Norwich newfpapers ; or in cafe no fuch appointment (hall be made, and notice thereof given as aforefaid, the next quarterly meeting fhall be held at the place where the laft quarterly meeting was appointed to be held.

Vi. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if at any Three corn-time it fhall appear to any three or more of fuch committee, that,	c-

for the more effectual putting any of the powers granted by this cjai meeting, abl into execution, or for fettling or difcufling any matters or things whatfoever relative to the fame, a fpecial meeting of fuch committee is neceffary or expedient to be held, it fhall be lawful for the faid three or more of the faid committee to direbl the clerk to give notice of fuch fpecial meeting of the committee to every member thereof, fetting forth the place where, and the time when, fuch fpecial meeting fhall be appointed to be held, which notice fhall be given feven days at the leaft before the time appointed for fuch fpecial meeting; and in cafe there fhall be then prefent at fuch fpecial meeting five of the faid committee, it fhall be lawful for fuch of the faid committee fo prefent to proceed in thje execution of the powers given by this abl to the faid committee.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe any of the faid New commit-

committee fhall die, or decline bufinefs as a woolcomber or t(:e i?en t0 be

•-	,	cholen upon

maxer vacancies.

384 Anno regni tricefmio primo Georgii III. c. 56/ [1791.

maker of worfted yarn, or fhall go to refide in any county, city, or place not fubject to the regulations of this a&, or fhall wilfully ablent himfelf from'the laid quarterly meetings for the fpace of one year, or refufe to a£l, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid committee at any of their quarterly meetings, there being five of fuch committee then prefent, to choofe another proper perfon, being a woolcotnber* or maker of worfted yarn within the county of Norfolk, or city of Norwich or county of the fame city, in his place, who fhall have the fame pov/er and authority as if appointed at a general meeting.

VIII.	And be it further cnacfted, That if at any time it fhall appear to any twenty or more of the woolcombers or makers of worfted yarn within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city, that the faid committee neglect to difcharge their duty touching the execution of this acft, and fuch twenty or more of fuch woolcombers or makers of worfted yarn fhall, in writing under their hands, make complaint thereof to the juftices of the peace at any of the general or quarter feftions of the peace for the faid city and county of the fame city, or anv adjournment thereof, to be aflembled, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch juftices in fuch feftions aflembled, and they are hereby required (if they fhall think proper, after hearing the nature of fuch complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the woolcombers and makers of worfted yarn within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city, at fuch time and place as fuch juftices fhall think proper, and fhall alfo caufe notice to be given of fuch general meeting in fome of the Norwich newfpapers, fetting forth the place where and the time when fuch general meeting fhall be held, the fame not being lefs than twenty-one days after fuch notice given; and it (hall be lawful for fuch woolcombers and makers of worfted yarn, prefent at fuch general meeting, to eledl, nominate, and appoint a committee, confiding of the fame number of perfons, and in the like manner, and under and fubjedl to the like orders, regulations, and directions as is and are herein-before laid down and ordered for the eledtion of the firft committee; and the perfons fo elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee in manner aforefaid, (hall thereupon be inyefted with the fame powers and authorities as the former committee were invefted with ; and the powers and authorities by this a£t given to the former committee (hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine.

IX.	And, for preventing frauds and abujes for the future, by perfons employed in the manufactures of combing wool and worfted yarn within the limits aforefaid, and for the more effectually carrying this

Juftices to ap- aft into execution, be it further enadled, That the juftices of the point mi pec- peace for the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county tors of yarn. tjie fame cjty refpedtively, at their firft or fecond quarter feftions of the peace to be holden for the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city refpedlively, next after the firft general meeting of the faid woolcombers and makers of y/orfted yarn to be held in purftjance of this aft, or any adjournment

If committee ncglcdt their duty,

juftices, on complaint thereof, may call a general meeting.

Hosted by Google

1791-] Anno regni tricfcfimo primo GeoRGII III. c. 56.	385

ment of fuch feffions, (hall and may, and they are hereby autho-rifed and required to licence and appoint fuch perfons, of good charafter and repute, as (hall be recommended to the faid juftices by the faid committee, to be infpeftors of worfted yarn within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city, luch recommendation to be fignified in writing under the hand of the chairman of fuch committee.

X,	And be it further enafted, That the faid committee fhall Committee and may, and they are hereby authorifed to ftation fuch infpeftors fpg^rs^nd for fuch diftrifts in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and an0w them county of the fame city, as the faid committee fhall think proper, falaries. iiotwithftanding the jurifdiftion of the juftices who fhall have li-cenfedfuch infpeftors refpeftively fhall not extend to the whole of

the refpeftive diftrifts for which they fhall be refpeftively ftationed, and fhall and may aflign, allow, and^pay to the faid infpeftors fo appointed fuch yearly falaries as the faid committee fhall think proper, out of the fund herein-after mentioned to be raifed for that and the other purpofes of this aft; and alfo fhall and may re-rtiove, difmifs, and difplace any of fuch infpeftors, who by fick-nefs or any other accident fhall be rendered incapable of ferving the faid office, or fhall mifbehave, or not conduft himfelf or themfelves to the fatisfaftion of fuch committee.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid infpeftors fo ap- Infpeftors to

pointed fhall feverally and refpeftively, in the feveral diftrifts al- diligence *	j	r 9 j *	4	jjj convicting

lotted to them by the faid committee, ufe all due diligence and an(1 bringing

induftry for the convifting and bringing to juftice all offenders offenders to - againft this and the faid former afts ; and alfo fhall and do from juftice. time to time, and as often as they fhall be thereto required by the Their power.} faid committee* infpeft the feveral reels of all and every the fpin-ners of worfted yarn in their refpeftive diftrifts, and alfo the hanks or fkeins of worfted yarn in the cuftodv or poffeftion of fuch fpin-ners, in order to fee that the direftions herein-after laid down for reeling fuch yarn be complied with * and alfo fhall and doy from time to time, when and as they or any of them fhall deteft any perfon or perfons offending againft this or the faid former afts, within their refpeftive diftrifts, lodge informations againft fuch offender or offenders, before any juftice of the peace for the county or place where fuch offence fhall be committed, and pro-fecute fuch offender or offenders to conviftion; and it fhall be lawful for every fuch infpeftor, from time to time, as occafion fliall require, to infpeft the yarn in the cuftody of any putter-out of wool, or of any agent hired or employed to put out wool, or of any fpinner of fuch wool or worfted yarn, within fuch refpeftive diftrifts ; and in cafe any fuch perfon fhall refufe to fhew and produce the yarn in his or her cuftody, he or fhe fhall forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, not exceeding ten pounds nor lefs than five pounds, if a putter-out of wool, or an agent or perfon hired or employed to put out wool, and not exceeding twenty fhillings, nor lefs than five fhillings, if a fpinner, as fuch juftice before whom he or fhe fhall be convifted fhall think proper.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That every perfon employed Direftions Voi# XXXVII,	C	c	or	how worfted

Hosted by Google

3U

yarn ft all be reeled.

General regulations for putting out wool fpinning See.

Further regulations reflecting putting out wool, &c.

Penalties on falle reeling of worfted yarn.

Anno regni tricefirho primo Georgii III. c. 56. [1791®

or undertaking to fpin or reel worfted yarn for hire in the faid county of Norfolk, and city of Norivicb and county of the fame city, (hall reel, or caufe or procure the fame to be reeled, either upon a yard reel, of thirty-fix inches, or a feven quarter reel of fixty-three inches, or a two yard reel of feventy-two inches round, and when fuch worfted yarn (hall be fo reeled, each and every leveral hank or ike in of fuch worfted yarn, which fhall be fo reeled, fhall confift of or contain fuch a number of raps or leas, each and every of which raps or leas confifting of or containing eighty threads of fuch worfted yarn as is hereinafter fpecified; (that is to fay), every hank or fkein fhall be feven leas reeled on the yard reel, and fix leas reeled on the feven quarter reel, and feven leas reeled on the eight quarter or two yard reel; and that every hank or fkein that fhall be ufed as a binder to tie up or bind together any pound or parcel of yarn fhall contain the lame number of threads in a rap or lea, and the fame number of raps or leas as the other hanks or fkeins in the faid pound or parcel.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That no perfon employed to fpin wool, or to put out wool for .{pinning, within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city, fhall take in or have in his or her pofiefiion, at one and the fame time, the wool or yarn belonging to more than one woolcomber or maker of worfted yarn ; and that every perfon who fhall put out wool, or take in yarn, other wile than as above fpecified, being a putter-out of wool, fhall pay the fum of forty (hillings, and being a fpinner, fhall pay the fum of five (hillings for every fuch offence, which penalty fhall be paid into the hands of the neareft infpedtor, and fhall be made part of the fund herein-after directed to be eftablifhed.

XIV.	And be it further enacted,. That every fpinner to whom any wool fhall be put out to be fpun within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city, and who fhall keep the fame in his or her cuftody more than four months before the fame fhall be wrought and delivered back to the woolcomber or maker of worfted yarn to whom the fame fhall belong, or his or her agent, unlefs prevented working and delivering back fuch wool by fome inevitable caufe, fhall be deemed guilty of-embezzling the fame.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That if any perfon hired or employed in the combing of wool, or in the fpinning, reeling, or winding of worfted yarn, in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city, fhall reel, or caufe to be reeled, or fpin, or caufe to be fpun, any worfted yarn, contrary to the directions before fpecified and laid down for the fpinning or reeling fuch yarn (whether fuch yarn fhall remain in his or her

• pofteftion or cuftody, or fhall have been delivered by him or her to the putter-out, or. other perfon from whom he or fhe fhall have received the wool from which fuch yarn fhall have been fpun) or fhall conceal, keep back, embezzle, fell, or otherwife difpofe of any woo), or other materials entrufted with him or her to fpin, ©r for any other purpofe^ every fuch perfeu fhall, for every fuch

offence,

Hosted by Google

1791 -3 Anno regni tricefimo primo GEORGll III. c. 56.	3^7

offence, be fubjedt and liable to the fame penalties and punifh* ments as are feverally inflidled by the faid former adts, fo far as the faid former adls, or any of them, are unrepealed, and which faid penalties (after deducing thereout all the expences attending the conviction of the offender or offenders, and the recovery of fuch penalties) fhall be publickly diftributed by the overfeer of the poor of the townfhip, parifh, or place where fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, under the direction of the juftice or juftices before whom the offender or offenders fhall have been conviCted, among the poor of fuch townfhip, parifh, or place.

XVI.	Provided always, That nothing in this aCt contained Profecutors fhall extend to the fubjeCting any profecutor of any offender n.ot to r

joy*	j	ChrlftTPS Or

again!! this and the faid former aCts to any charges or expences of conv£yjng conveying fuch offender to prifon, but fuch charges and expences offenders^® fhall be paid and borne by the conftable or other officer convey- prifon. ing fuch offender to prifon; and fuch conftable or other officer fhall be reimburfed and repaid fuch charges and expences in like manner as he is reimburfed and repaid any other charges or expences incurred in his faid office.

XVII.	Provided neverthelefs, That no part or fhare of fuch No part of

penalties or forfeitures be given to fuch offender or offenders, his,	°

her, or their family or families.	fenders.

X VIII. And be it further enaCted, That if any agent or perfon penaity on hired or employed to put out wool to be fpun into worfted yarn, agentsrefuting within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of todifcover the fame city, fhall have in his or her cuftody or poffeffion any ^|jfeSree 1 i worfted yarn not reeled according to the directions herein before fpecified and laid down for the reeling thereof, and fhall refufe or wilfully negledt to fet forth and give in evidence before any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, city, town, or place wherein fuch agent or perfon fhall refide (being thereto required by any woolcomber or maker of worfted yarn, or infpedfcor) what perfon or perfons was or were the reele^or reelers of fuch yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to rOeTthe-fame, fo that the perfon or perfons who reeled, or caufed to be reeled, fuch yarn may be lawfully convicted thereof, he or fhe fo refufing, or not letting forth or giving in evidence as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five fhillings for every pound of fuch yarn, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity than a pound, which-fhall be found in his or her cuftody; which penalty fhall go, be paid, and applied by every fuch perfon, and in fuch manner and form, to the poor of the townfhip or place, as any penalties hereinbefore mentioned are diredfed to be paid and applied,

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That every perfon who fhall Putters-out of be employed to put out wool to be fpun into worfted yarn by any	for

woolcomber or woolcombers, or maker or makers of worfted	wooj g^ven

yarn, within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and them to be put county of the fame city, fhall be anfwerable to fuch woolcomber out. or woolcombers, or maker or makers of worfted yarn, for all the wool he or fhe fhall have received from fuch woolcomber or woolcombers, or maker or makers of worfted yarn; and it fhall be law-

Cc2	ful’

388

tTpon death of infpedtors, others to be appointed.

Punifhment of jnfpe&ors fcreening offenders from juftice.

Anno regni tricefimo primo GEORGli III. c. 56. [tfgtl

fill for any juftice of the peace for the county* city, town, or places where any perfon who fhall be employed to put out wool to be fpun.irito yarn as aforefaid fhall refide* upon the complaint of any woolcomber or woolcombers, or maker or makers of worfted yarn* within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norzvicb and county of the fame city, or of his, her, or their agent or agents* to iftue a ftimmons, requiring fuch perfon againft whom luch complaint fhall be made to appear before fuch juftice, at fome time and place to be fpecified in fuch fummons ; and if the woolcomber or wool-combers, or maker or makers of worfted yarn, on whofe behalf fuch fummons fhall be iftued, fhall prove by the oath of any credible witnefs, or by the affirmation of any credible witnefs, being of the people called Quakers^ to the fatisfadtion of fuch juftice, that the perfon againft whom fuch fummons fhall have been iffiied, or if fuch perfon fhall confefs, that he or fhe hath received from fuch woolcomber or woolcombers* or maker or makers of worfted yarn, any wool to be put out to be fpun into worfted yarn, for which he or fhe is anfwerable, and fhall not have delivered the fame td fuch woolcomber or woolcombers, or maker or makers of worfted yarn* having received forty days notice fo to do, or paid to him or them the value of fuch wool, then it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required to iflue his warrant for the raifing and levying, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the perfon againft whom fuch fummons fhall have been illued, not only the value (to be afcertained by fuch juftice) of the wool for which he or fhe fhall be anfwerable as aforefaid, but alfo all the charges and expences of raifing and levying the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner of fuch goods and chattels^ the value of which faid wool* or fo much thereof as fhall be raifed and levied, fhall be paid to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch wool fhall. belong.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any perfon who fhall be fo appointed an infpedfor of worfted yarn fhall die, or be removed or difplaced from his faid office, it fhall, in every fuch cafe, be lawful for the juftices of the peace of the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame City refpedtively, in quarter feffions affembled, or in any adjournment thereof, and they are hereby required to licence fome other proper perfon to be an infpedtor of worfted yarn in his ftead, upon the recommendation of the faid committee; which faid perfort fhall be inverted with all the powers, and fubject to the like removal, and liable to the like penalties for any breach or negledt of duty, as the infpedlor in whofe place he fhall be appointed to fuc^ ceed was inverted with or fubjedt or liable to.

XXI.	And be it further enacted* That in cafe any infpedtor fo appointed as aforefaid, fliall at any time take or receive from any perfon offending againft this or the faid former adfs, any fum of money, or other thing whatfoever, to fcreen fuch perfon fo offending as aforefaid from juftice, or otherwife to hinder or prevent him or her from being convidled of the offence committed by him or her, and being thereof convidted upon oath of two or more credible witneffes, or on the folemn affirmation, of tWQ or more

credible

Hosted by Google

179*?] Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGll III. e. 56.	389

credible witneffes being of the people called Quakers^ before any jufHce of the peace of the county, city, town, or place where fuch offence {hall be committed, which oath or affirmation fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter, then and in fuch cafe it {hall be lawful for fuch juftice to commit fuch infpeddor fo offending to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon, for the fpace of one month.

XXII.	And whereas, by feveral a£ls of parliament, made hi the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of queen Anne, and fever al fubfe-quent adls^ the collectors of the duties upon foap by the fata ads granted are directed to pay, out of the monies in their hands, by way of draiv-backy unto any perfon or perfons who fhould employ any quantity of foap in the making of any manufacture, whereof the greatefl part of the value of the materials fhould be wool, or in preparing the vjooI for the fame, the duties upon the foap fo fpent and con fumed as afor efaid \ and to the end that afufficient fund may be raifed for defraying the expences of paffing this aCt^ and carrying the fame into execution; be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for all and every the collector or colletors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon or perfons defraying employed in the colletion of the duties on foap, within the coun- expences of ty of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city, this a<t» and who by the faid ats are direted to pay fuch drawback of the duties on foap to fuch manufaturers as aforefaid, and fuch col-letor or colletors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon or perfons, is and are hereby required, from time to time, to deduct and retain the fum of fixpence out of every {hilling to which any perfon being a woolcomber or maker of worfted yarn, refiding within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city, {hall from to time hereafter be entitled, and of which, he, {he, or they {hall demand payment, under or by' virtue of the faid acts, or any other at or acts of parliament whatfoever, as and for the duties of and for all foap fpent, employed, and con-fumed in the combing Qf wool, or making of worfted yarn, or preparing the wool for the fame, in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame city; and fuch colletor or collectors, fupervifor or fupervifors, or other perfon or perfons, and each and every of them, {hall feverally and refpetively pay or caufe to be paid into the hands of the treafurer to be appointed by the faid committee at fome quarterly meeting (demandbeing made thereof) all and every the fum or fums of money by him, them, or any of them, fo deducted and retained, by virtue and for the purpofes of this act, fuch treafur^ giving fecurity, to the fatisfac-tion of the faid committee, for all fums fo received by him or them.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That the faid treafurer {hall, Treafurer to out of the money hereafter to be received by him in manner afore- char^es^of the faid, pay the charges and expences of obtaining and pafting this a(q. 0sut Gf the act, and the expences relative thereto, together with intereft for money to be all or any part of fuch expences, the falaries of the infpedlors and received* clerk herein-before direted to be appointed, the expences of all profecutions in fupport of this and the faid former ats, within the County of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the fame

C c 3	city.

Hosted by Google

39® Anno regni trieefimo primoGEORQii III. c. 56. [1791*

city, and fuch other charges and expences as may hereafter be incurred or expended for the fupport and encouragement of the iaid manufacture, as the faid committee (hall direct or appoint; and the faid treafurer is alfo hereby required not to pay any money,-to be hereafter received by him for the purpofes of this act in manner aforefaid, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever, or for any purpofes whatfoever, without fuch order, direction, or appointment of fuch committee; and fuch treafurer fhall lay his accounts before the faid committee for examination whenever they may require the fame, and (hall return and tranfmit to fuch committee a true and perfect account of all money which fhall have come to bis hands, or been paid by him from to time, as often as the faid committee fhall require the fame.

The rate of XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in cafe at any time fixpence in the the monies herein-before directed and ordered to be paid into the increased har^s t^ie trea^urer f°r the purpofes aforefaid fhall, after payment reduced* of anc^ evei7 ^e charges and expences herein-before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the fum of two hundred pounds only, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid committee to make orders for increaling the aforefaid fix-pence per fhilling, which the collectors and fupervifors of excife are herein-before directed to retain in their hands, to any fum not exceeding eleven pence in the fhilling, as they may think necef-fary, until the fund fhall amount to three hundred pounds, and from time to time, upon the like application, reduce the fame to fixpence, or any fmaller fum, fo as the fund in the treafurer’s hands fhall not exceed three hundred pounds nor be reduced to lefs than one hundred pounds, and fo as the fame fhall not exceed the rate, proportion, or fum of eleven-pence per fhilling hereinbefore directed to be deducted and retained as aforefaid.

Recovery of XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes where any penalties* penalties or forfeitures are laid or impofed, or authorifed to be levied and recovered, and alfo where any punifhments are directed to be indicated by virtue of this act (except only where the manner of inflicting any fuch punifhment is by this act particularly directed) the feveral penalties and forfeitures fhall be levied and recovered, and punifhments inflicted, by fuch and the like ways and means, and in fuch and the like manner, as any penalties or forfeitures can or maybe levied and recovered, or any punifhment inflicted, by virtue of the faid former acts, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, and the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or any of them, for offences committed againif the faid recited acts, or any of them; and that the money ari.fing from fuch penalties and forfeitures (except fuch as are hereby directed to be other-wife applied) fhall be paid to the treafurer to be appointed by the faid committee by virtue of this act, and fhall be applied to and for the purpofes of this act.

"No diftrefs to XXVI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That be made for a no diftrefs of the goods and chattels of any perfon fhall be made felfeor fliort ^or an7 penalty incurred for reeling or caufing to be reeled, or reeling, &c.	fpinning

Hosted by Google

r791 *] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III* c.'$6.	3-91.

fpinrring or caufing to be fpun, any worfted yarn, contrary to the. directions before fpecified and laid down for the fpinning and reeling of fuch yarn; but that every fuch perfon (hall, in cafe he or fhe (hall not, immediately after conviction of fuch offence, pay the penalty to which he or fhe fhall'become fubject or liable by virtue of the faid former adts, or any of them, or of this a6t, and the cofls and charges attending fuch conviction, be committed to prifon by the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom he or fhe (hall be convidted, for any term not exceeding one calendar month, or until fuch penalty, and the cofls and charges of fuch conviCtion, and of conveying him or her to prifon, fhall be paid*

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted, That the juftice or juftices before whom any offender fhall be conviCted as aforefaid fhall caufe the cpnviCtion to be made out in manner and form following ; (that is to fay),

BE tt remembered., "That on the	day	of	Form	of	con-

in the year of our Lord	A.	B. is convicted vision.

before me, [or us]	of	his	Majefly	s	'-juftices

of the peace for	[fpecifying the offence,	and

the place where the fame was committed.] Given under my hand and Jeal [or our hands and fealsf] the day and year aforefaid.

Which conviction the faid juftice or juftices fhall caufe to be fairly written on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter feftions of the peace for the county, city, town, or place where fuch conviction fhall be made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept amongft the records of fuch feftions.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon or Perfons ag« perfons fhall find him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any order gneved may or warrant made by any juftice or juftices of the peace, or upon barter fet'^ any conviction before him or them, in purfuance of this. aCt, fuch ftons# perfon or perfons may appeal to the next general quarter feftions of the peace to be held for the county, city, town, or place, where the caufe of appeal fhall arife, which fhall not be held within fourteen days after the caufe of appeal fhall arife, giving ten days notice of .fuch appeal to the perfon or perfons on whofe evidence the order, warrant, or conviction was made, and giving fecurity, to the fatisfaClion of any fuch juftice of the peace as aforefaid, to pro-fecute fuch appeal with effeCt, and to pay the cofts which fhall be afcertained by the faid quarter feftions, in cafe the order or judgement be affirmed; and the juftices in the faid quarter feftions are hereby authorifed to-hear and determine fuch appeal, and to make fuch order therein, and to award fuch cofts as to them fhall appear juft, which order fhall be final and conclufive to all parties, and fhall not be removed or removeable by any writ of Certiorari, or otherwife, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wef-Xtiinfler, or elfewhere.

XXIX.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enabled, That Provifo* no order or other proceedings, lo made or had hy or before any

G c 4	juftice

Hosted by Google

39$ Anno.regni tricefimo primo Gborgii III, c. 57. [1791;

juftice or juftices of the peace in relation to the premifes, ttiall be quafhed or vacated for want of form only.

Limitation of XXX. And be it further enafted, That if any fuit or aftion aftlons, fhall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, every fuch fuit or action (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the faft committed, and not afterwards, and {hall be feverally laid, ' brought, and tried in the county or place wherein the caufe of General iftue. action fhall have arifen, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch fuit or aftion {hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft: and if it {ball appear to be fo done, or if any fuch fuit or aftion {hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or {hall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then the jury {hall find for the defendant or defendants 5 and upon fuch verdift, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his, her.; or their aftion after the defendant or defen-Treble cofts. dants {hall have appeared; or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants {hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant hath for cofts in other cafes at lav/.

Publick aft. XXXI. And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft; and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and .other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LVII,

An aft for building and maintaining a bridewell and correftion-houfe, in and for the city and county of Edinburgh.

Commiflioners appointed for building a bridewell and correftion-houfe. Firft meeting of the commiflioners to be the firft Monday in July, 1791. Bridewell and correftion-houfe to be built on the Caltonhill. Materials for building veiled in the commiflioners. Punifhing perfons obftrufting the execution of this aft. Separate apartments to be provided for male and female prifoners, &c. Notice to be given to the town clerks of Edinburgh, &c. when the bridewell, Sec. are fit for reception of prifoners. After fuch notice, magiftrates may commit. Bridewell and correftion-houfe exempt from tax. Commiflioners to provide materials for the employment of the prifoners. Labour to be proportioned to the age, fex, and health of the prifoners. Commiflioners to make rules and orders for the government of the prifoners, Sec. Governor and governefs to be appointed. Perfons refeuing prifoners in cuftody, Sec. to be punifhed according to law. For fecuring a free circulation of air. Juftices to infpeft the bridewell and correftion-houfe. Governor and governefs not to derive benefit from the fale of wine, Sec. in the bridewell and correftion-houfe. Commiflioners may provide for fervants becoming incapable of their offices. Harbouring idlers, rogues, or vagrants, penalty forty fhillings. Accounts to be kept of the prifoners> work. Commiflioners may contraft for building the bridewell and correftion-houfe. Punifhing perfons embezzling the furniture, cloaths. Sec. of the prifoners. Books to be kept of expences and receipts. Wine or liquor not to be fold within the bridewell or correction- houfe. Corporal punifhment not to be inflifted but by order of a

juftice.

Hosted by Google

179*-] Annoregni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c.58, 59.	393

juftice. Alimenting and cloathing of the prifoners to be defrayed by the places from whence they are committed. Magiftrates of Edinburgh, &c', to have the fame powers as before the ad. Commifiionei's may fue and be fucd in the name of their clerk. Amount of expences to be attefted by the commiflioners. Magiftrates of Edinburgh to furnifh a fupply of water to a vvorkhoufe that may be ereded. Commiflioners may receive prifoners from other counties paying for them. Confinement hot to acquire a legal fettlement. For railing money to build the bridewell and corredion-houfe. Expences of the bridewell, &c. howto be paid. Collectors to be appointed. Magiftrates not raiftng the money, commiflioners may raife the fame. Commiflioners to lodge the monies in one or other of the chartered banks at Edinburgh. New gaol intended to be built, to be under the management of the magiftrates of Edinburgh. When the new gaol is built, magiftrates may remove prifoners thereto that are confined in the prefent gaol. Before the prefent gaol is removed, magiftrates to provide another gaol, See. Limitation of adions. Expences of the adt to be paid. Publick adt.

CAP. LVIII.

An adt for the better regulation and government of the company of cutlers, within the liberty of Ilallamfhire, in the county of York, and within fix miles of the faid liberty, and of their journeymen and apprentices.

CAP. LIX.

An adt for making and maintaining a navigable canal from, or from near to, the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, to communicate with the river Severn, near to the city of Worcefter.

Proprietors names. The proprietors to be one body corporate, by the name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Worcefter and Birmingham Canal Navigation.” The canal to begin within the diftance of 120 yards from the firft bridge above the bafon belonging to the Birmingham and Fazeley canal, near the town of Birmingham, and from thence acrofs a lane which divides the parilhes of Birmingham and Edgbafton, and through the parifhesof Edgbafton, Northfield, King’s-norton, Alvechurch,

Pardebig,Stoke-prior, Dodderhill, Hanbury, Hadfor, Himbleton, Odding-ley, Tibberton, Hinlip, Warndon, and Claines, in the counties of Warwick and Worcefter, and the parifties of Saint Martin and Saint Peter the Great, in Worcefter, to a place called Diglis, to join the river Severn. No houfes, gardens, &c. to be ufed or damaged, except in certain cafes.

No wharf, Sec. to be made on the land of Mr. Cecil, or Mr. Amphlett, or on the glebe in Hanbury, without confent of the owner. No wharf or warehoule to be made, or earth dug, in the land of fir Henry Gough Cal-thorpe, in Edgbafton, without his content. Reftridion as to making refervoirs in certain places. Further reftridtions refpeding the lands of fir Henry Gough Calthorpe. No water to be taken from, or which fupplies the Birmingham canal. No water to be taken from certain brooks. Company to make five refervoirs, &c. The canal to be thirty yards wide.

Towing path to be on the weftern fide of the canal in Edgbafton and near the Rea. Reftridions as to making the canal and towing path in Hadfor.

Limeftone, coal, &c. found in making the canal, in certain lands, to belong to the owners. The canal, &c. not to be made within feven feet diftance of the Birmingham canal. The canal not to be made fo as to prejudice fir Thomas Gooch’s lime works. Proprietors of the Birmingham canal not to be reftrained from making a jundion with the intended canal. Corporations, &c. impowered to fell land, See. for the purpofes of the ad. Commiflioners appointed. Twenty pounds penalty on iheriff, &c. making default. Expences of jury. Perfons requefting jury to enter into bond to profecute. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint.

Perfons giving falfe evidence may be profecuted for perjury. Verdids to be recorded. On payment or tender of monies, lands may be entered.

Pnrchafe money to be laid out to famie ufes. Commiflioners to fettle pro*

portions

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefiimo prlmo Georgii III. c. 59. [1791.

portions to be paid to feveral perfons interefted. Satisfaction for lands to be made in grofs, or by annual rent. For preferving copyhold rights. Perfons deftroying the works may be tried and punilhed as felons. Proprietors may raife i3o,oool. to carry on the work. Expences of the a<ft, eftimates, See. to be firft paid. The money to be raifed tobe divided into 1,800 ffiarcs, at iool. each. If i8o,oool. not fufficient, power to raife ?o,oool. more, by calls upon themfelves. Power to raife the 76,000!. by mortgage. Intereft upon mortgages to be paid prior to dividends. 5I. per cent, to be paid to proprietors who pay their whole money, until work completed. Subfcribers to have a vote for every fhare. General affem-blies for choofmg committees. Committee fubjeCt to controul of general affembly. Books of account to be kept under the direction of committee. General aflemblies to confift of 500 fliares. Power of general aflemblies. Shares not to be forfeited without perfonal notice. General aflemblies may remove any perfon cholen on committee, or any officer, and make bye laws. On the death of proprietors before (hare completed, executors may do it. Shares may be dii'pofed of. After a call no ffiare to be fold till the money paid. Officers to be appointed. Treafurer, &c. to give fecurity. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered in a book, and to be evidence. Rates for the tonnage and wharfage of all goods, coal, iron, &c. (except lime and lime-ftone) as. 6d. a ton ; for lime and limeftone, iod. a ton. One penny per ton per mile for the tonnage and wharfage of lime and limeftone for the firft ten miles. Three pence per ton per mile for all goods, coal, iron, &c. (except lime and limeftone) for the firft ten miles. Only one penny per ton for goods carried to or from the Severn, into or out of the bafon at Lowefmore. Further allowances for goods remaining upon a wharf above 24 hours. Proprietors may alter rates. Matter of boats to give account of particulars of lading. Fifty feet of round and forty feet of fquare oak, afh, or elm timber, and fifty-fix feet of fir, beech, &c. fliaJLbe deemed a ton. In cafe of difference concern-, ing weight, collectors may weigh them. Navigation to be free, upon payment of tolls. No boat under thirty* five tons to pafs through any lock, without content of the company. For fencing off towing path, and ■ making bridges, &c. In cafe company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, &c. land owners may do it at the company’s expence. If bridges, See. made by the company, are infufficient, land owners may make others. Enabling the company to cleanfe the adjoining watercourfes at the land owner’s expence. Lords of manors and land owners may ereCt wart nonles, &c. on their lands, and if not done within twelve months after notice, proprietors may build. Regulations as to private whirfs. Weight of the lading of veffels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Boat matter accountable for damage done by the crew. Places to be made for boats to turn or lie in. Veffels lying fo as to obftrudt the navigation to be removed, and veffels funk to be weighed up. Five pounds penalty on perfons overloading and obftruCting the navigation, or throwing ballaft into the canal; and opening locks, or doing other damage to navigation. Regulation of veffels patting the locks. Canal not to be under the power of commiflloners of fewers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands and buildings in fame proportion as adjoining lands and buildings. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fiiliery referved. Penalty on unqualified perfons on board having nets. Compenfation to be made to the Droitwich canal company for any diminution in their profits occafioned by making the intended canal. Compenfation to the Droitwich company to be fettled annually. If the rates on the Stourbridge canal ffiall not amount to nine, pounds for every fhare, the deficiency to be made up by the Worcefter and Birmingham canal company. Deficiency in the rates on the Dudley canal to be made up by the'Worcefter and Birmingham canal company. Perfons authorifed by the company to infpe<ft the accounts of the Droitwich, Stourbridge, and Dudley canal companies. Compenfation to be made to the corporation of Worcefter, for their water bailiff's tolls. If a new avenue be made into Worcefter, at the Gloucefter road, the company to ere6t a bridge over fuch avenue. Election of new commiffioners. Qualification of .commiffioners, iool. a year real eftate, or 4,oo.ol. perfonal ef-tate. Commiffioners to give notice of their meetings. Commiffioners

inay

Hosted by Google

395

x791 *3 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGll III. c. 6o.

may ad as juftices. No commiflioner to ad where interefted, or holding place of profit. Five proprietors may requeft a general meeting of com-millioners. To compel payment of fubferiptions. No fubferibers, not named of the company of proprietors, to be compellable to pay their fuhfeription3, unlels they defire to be admitted of the company. The canal not to begin till i8o,oool. be fubferibed, and iol. per cent. paid.

Recovery of forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in diftrefs to recover lpecial damage. Appeal to the quarter fefiions. Limitation^of actions. General ifiuc# Treble coils. Publick ad.

CAP. LX.

An ad for building a bridge near the ferry over the river Oufe, from Selby, in the welt riding of the county of York, to the oppofite fhore in the parifh of Hemingborough, in the eaft riding of the faid county.

Proprietors names. Proprietors to be a body corporate, by the name of “ The Company of Proprietors of Selby Bridge. ” A wooden bridge to be built. Materials for the bridge, Sec. may be brought and worked upon any wade land near the bridge, and clay or fand may be got from the commons or wades in the manor of Selby. Bodies corporate, See. im-pewered to fell premifes required for building the bridge, See. Three commifiioners of the land tax to determine differences. If parties cannot agree, the matter to be fettled by a jury. If a fufficient number of jurymen do not attend, the jury to be made up from the (landers by. Sheriff,

See. making default, may be fined. Commifiioners or jury not to a<ft where interefted. Proprietors net to take poffefiion of premifes till pay-meat of purchafe money. Money payable to bodies corporate, Sec. to i>e reinvefted in purchafe of other eftates to the fame ufes. Recompence for * damage after bridge is begun to be built Paying expences of the jury.

Meetings of commifiioners to be held within fourteen miles of the place of controverfy. Annual rents, adjudged for damages, to be paid. Twenty-five pounds a year to be paid to lord Pctre for his ferry. Until the bridge is completed, the ferry may be continued. If lord Petre’s rent is not paid, he may take poffefiion of the tolls. His annual rent to have a preference to all other payments or charges. Proprietors may raife 7,oool. among themfelves to be divided into 70 (hares at iool. each. Shares veiled in the proprietors. Proprietors to have votes according to the number of fhares, either in perfon or by proxy. Power to raife a further fum of 3,oool. if necefiary, by fubfeription, or mortgage of the tolls, Sec. Kn-tries of alignments to be made. Alignments may be transferred. Inte-refl to be paid. New fubferibers to become members of the body. General meetings of proprietors to be held at Selby, in April and October, yearly. Committee to be appointed, and a treafurer and clerk. Committee to meet once a month within two miles of the bridge. No committee man to have more than one vote, and the chairman a calling vote.

Committee to be fubjedl to general meetings. Committee to make calls from the proprietors. Limiting time for taking advantage of forfeitures.

General meetings may remove committee men and officers, and may make bye laws. Direding how calls on (hares undifpofed of, belonging to perfons dying, (hall be made. Shares may be fold. Shares not to be fold till calls are paid up. No bufinefs to be done at a committee unlefs five are prelent. Bridge, &c. veiled in the company. Tolls. Coach and fix horfes,

3s. Coach and four horfes, as. Coach and pair of horfes, is 6d. Chaife and one horfe, 9d. Waggon with fix horfes, as. Waggon with five horfes, is. 9d. Waggon with four horfes, is. 6d. Cart with three or two horfes, 9d. Cart with one horfe, 6d. A horfe laden and not drawing, id. aq. A horfe unladen, id. A foot paflenger, i-ad. Hogs, fheep or lambs, 6d. a fcore. Cows and cattle, id. each. Tolls may be reduced. Inhabitants of Selby, Barlby, Ofgodby, Lund Cliff, Hemingborough,

Hagthorp, Babthorp, Brackeuholm, Woodhall, Bowthorp, Menthorp,

North Duffield, South Duffield, Skipwith and Riceall, exempt from tolls.

Penalty on evading the tolls, forty Ihillings. Penalty on conveying perfons, See. over the river for hire within Selby and Barlby, forty ihillings.

Grayel

Hosted by Google

39.6 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii IIT. c. i. [1791.

Gravel {tones, &c. for highways in Barlby, exempted from tolls. Rights of the ferry veiled in the company. Mailers of velfels made anfwerable for damage done to the bridge. Perfons wilfully damaging the bridge to be deemed guilty of felony. Bridge to be extra-parochial, and the centre deemed the divifion of the ridings. When bridge impalfable, a ferry to be provided. For providing capllerns, &c. at the bridge. Navigation to be kept clear Velfels funk to be weighed. A hauling path to be made on the Barlby lide of the river. Regulations for mooring velfels at Selby quay. Lord Petre not to receive recompencc for land taken for a hauling path. Subfcribers neglecting to pay fubfcriptions, may be fued. Apalfage to be left under the bridge of 31 feet wide. Proceedings of company and committees to be entered in a book. Informations, &c. to be before one jultice. ' Juftices may mitigate penalties. A jultice of either riding may-take cognizance of any offence relative to both. Diltrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Appeal to the quarter felfions. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form. Saving rights. ACt not to af-feCt the rights of the commilfioners of the navigation. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Publick a61.

CAP. LXI.

An a6l for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, a^id improving a certain Itreet, called The Upper Ground Street, in the parifh of Chrilt Church, in the county of Surrey, and certain other Itreets, lanes, paffages, and places, within the faid parilh, and for re- -moving and preventing incroachments, nuifances, and annoyances therein ; and for {hutting up part of an alley or palfage, leading from Bull Alley to Marygold Court.

Commiliioners. Eight days notice of ehufing new commilfioners. Qualification of commilfioners, 50I. a year real eftate, or 1000I. perfonal eftate. Penalty on aCting it not qualified, 50I. Victuallers, Sec. and perfons holding places of profit under this aCt, not to aCt as commiliioners. Commif-iioners firlt meeting on ill of July, 1791. Proceedings to be at publick meetings only. .Commiliioners to pay their own expences; and luch as are juftices may ad as luch. Actions to he in the name of the clerk. Books to be kept of proceedings. For appointing officers. Commiliioners may appoint officers occafionally, in cafe of death or removal. Officers taking any fee or reward betides the falary, or being concerned in intereft in any bargain or contract, lhall be disqualified to be employed under this aCt. Balance of money received, and not paid over at the time of the receiver^ death, to be paid by the executors of the deceaied’s eftate. Penalty on perfons interrupting or alfaulting workmen, &c. 20s. for firlt offence, 40s for fecond offence, and 3I. for third offence. Commilfioners to order and direCt the paving, repairing, lighting, ckanfing, and watching of faid Itreet, and the lanes, Sec. in or communicating therewith. Commiliioners may make contracts, and appoint lay-ftalls near Upper Ground Street. Surveyors, Sec. to infpeCt the works. Contracts between landlord and tenant concerning paving, not vacated by this aCt. Commilfioners to appoint watchmen. Tranfcripts of regulations of watchmen, beadles, Sec. to be ligned by the commiliioners. Difturbers of the peace to be fecured. Penalty on beadles and others neglecting their duty, 20s. Watchmen to apprehend all malefactors and difturbers of the peace: Property of all materials for the purpofes of this aCt veiled in the commif-fioners. For punilhing perfons damaging dr extinguilhing lamps. Com-miffioners may fell the old materials, and apply the money to the purpofes of this aCt. Notice to be given to the commiliioners, furveyor, or clerk, v of taking up pavements. Commilfioners to relay it, and be reimburfed by the perfons taking it up. Commiliioners may contract with the companies of waterworks, or commilfioners of fewers, for relaying fuch pavements. On refufal of payment by them, an aCtion may be brought for recovery of the money. Commilfioners to pay for altering of pipes. Where any of the water pipes break, notice thereof to be given to the water company to whom they belong. When compleated, notice to be given to the com-

■	miffionejrs

Hosted by Google

297

I?*}1-] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c.

miffioners pavior. If it proves that the pipe does not belong to the company who firft opens the ground, they are to be paid their charges by the company to whom it does belong. Paviors appointed by the water companies to give notice to the commiffioners furveyor or clerk, of their names and places of abode. No alteration to be made in the pavements without the content, of commiffioners. The courfe of the gutters and channels may.be turned if neceflary. Grates over fewers may be altered. Where it fhall be neceflary to make new grates, or to repair or alter old ones, the commiffioners of fewers are to pay the expence. Sewers to be repaired and cleanfed, Sec. by commiffioners of fewers; on their negleCt, the fame to be done by commiffioners of this aCt, and paid for by commiffioners of fewers. Commiffioners of fewers to make rates for payment. Penalty on laying affies or other annoyances in the faid ftreets, &c. five fhillings for the firft offence, ten (hillings for the fecond offence, and twenty (hillings for the third offence. Duft, afhes, Sec. not to be taken away by any but the fcavenger contracted with. If the perfons collecting the duft or affies cannot be apprehended, the owner of the horfe or cart employed (hall pay the penalty of aos. for the firft offence, and 40s. for the fecond offence, and the horfe and cart may be feized. Inhabitants to fweep the footways daily, on penalty of five (hillings. For preventing obftruCtions, nuifances, and incroachments. Commiffioners to appoint the (lands for hackney coaches. Penalty for running, driving, or drawing any wheel. Sec. on the foot pavements, 5s. for the firft offence, 10s. for the fecond offence, and 40s. for the third offence. Hoards or inclofures may be made for building or repairing. Comn^ffioners may order the ftreet, Sec. to be watered. Commiffioners may order porter’s blocks to be ereCted and wells to be dug in proper places. Houfes to be numbered, and name of ftreet, &c. to be affixed on the corners thereof. Penalty on defacing, 40s. Spouts, figns, (tails, See. regulated. Commiffioners may make allowance to proprietors of houfes, &c. for work done by them in removing obftruc-tions. The Upper Ground Street to be widened. Materials veiled in the commiffioners. Bodies politick, See. may contract for fale. On refufat to treat, value to be fettled by a jury. ^ Juries may be impanelled. Juries may be challenged. Penalty on ffieriff, jurymen, and witnefles. May fummori witnefles. Jury may aflefs the value; and proportionable fum$ to be paid to every perfon interefted: which verdiCt fhall be binding, and recorded in the office of the clerk of the peace. Expences of the jury and witnefles by whom to be borne. VerdiCt not binding, unlefs money paid within three months. Money belonging to corporations, &c. to be re-inverted. On payment of purchafe money premifes to be conveyed. PrC-inifes veiled in the faid commiffioners. Perfons entitled to the mefne profits may recover againft the perfon receiving. Mortgagees to affign, on tender of principal alid three months intereft, or On three months notice. Tenants to quit on notice given. In what manner houfes, Sec. may be purchafed. Commiffioners to let; or fell any overplus ground. Houfes to be purchafed within feven years. Commiffioners may purchafe other lands, with the content of the owners, for widening faid ftreet. Rate upon the inhabitants, as. 6d. in the pound. Rate upon the proprietors for ground fronting the houfes, Sec. 6d. in the pound. For apportioning of rates on corner houfes. Rates to be allowed by two juftices of the peace, and may be recovered by diftrefs and (ale. Perfons removing, commiffioners may fue in the name of their treafurer. Empty houfes to be rated at one half. Houfes let in feparate apartments, or ready furniffied, owners deemed occupiers. Occupiers to pay rates, to be deducted out of the rents. Landlord hot to be charged for any increafed rent, on account of his paying the rates. Perfons paying thefe rates, exempt from paving and from cleanfing, watching, lighting, and repairing the highways, Sec. Commiffioners impowered to borrow money upon credit of the rates. For borrowing money by annuities on lives. The whole by both methods of borrowing not to exceed 3.000I. If annuitants die, any perfon may purchafe others till mortgage money paid off. As annuitants die rates to be lowered, if commiffioners think proper. Annuities charged upon the rates. Clerk to enter all fecurities for money borrowed, or annuities granted. Securities may be transferred. Corporations, &c. liable to paving, to re-

*	main

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. [1791.

imain fo, but may compound. Againft killing meat in the ftreets, &c. or fuffering fwine to wander there. Pafiage from Bull Alley, to the eaft-end 9f Lukin’s iron £o tindery to be fhut up. Owners, See. of the Albion Mill to have power to continue their dock under the ftreet. Optional claufe with refpe<ft to paving, See. any other ftreets, See. in the parifh of Chrift Church. For appointing additional number of corntpiffioners for optional ftreets. Separate accounts of optional ftreets to be kept. For apportioning of rates on corner houfes in optional ftreets. For making an allowance to perfons who have already paved. For paying the expences of the a<5W For mitigating penalties. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions, if no other method of relief is appointed. For recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. For rewarding informers. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful, nor party making it a trefpaffcr, for want of form in proceedings. Tender of amends having been made before action brought, plaintiff not to recover. For paying money into court. Proceedings againft offenders not to be quafhed for want of form. Limitation of a&ions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. LXII.

An a<ft for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleanfing, and lighting the ftreets, lanes, and other publick pafiages and places, within the King’s town of Maidftone, in the county of Kent; for removing and preventing encroachments, obftrutftions, nuifances, and annoyances therein; for better fupplying the faid town with water; and for repairing highways within the parifh of M^dftone.

CommiHioners, members for the county of Kent and Maidftone, mayor, recorder, and juftices, and lord of the manor of Maidftone, and inhabitants pofTefied of real eftate of 10I. a year, or rated to the poor at 151. a year. 50I. penalty on acting if not qualified. CommiHioners not to adt if inte-refted, but may a£t as juftices although they are commiffioners. Meetings of commiffioners. Commiffioners to defray their own expences ; and no ad valid except at a meeting. Regulation of the meetings. No order to be revoked unlefs at a meeting, and by a greater number than made it. Commiffioners may appoint officers, who are to account and to take fe-curity from treafurer and colle&ors. Power to appoint temporary officers upon vacancies, though not at meetings. Treafurer to pay money as ordered by commiffioners. Commiffioners to make a rate not exceeding is. 6d. in the pound. Houfes with land not adjoining ad valorem. AHeffi-ments to be paid quarterly. Rates apportioned between owners and tenants. Commiffioners to rate landlords for their portion of rates in certain cafes. Oaft occupied for the feafon to pay an annual afTeffinent. No tythes on land not adjoining the ftreets to be rated. Gaols and other building to be rated by meafure. By whom the rates on halls, gaols, &c. fhall be payable. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be affedted. Rates apportioned between occupiers quitting and coming into any houfe, &c. Recovery of rates. Rates on houfes let to divers tenants to be paid by the landlord. Power to mitigate or remit rates where rents do not exceed 5I. Perfons aggrieved may apply to the commiffioners. General highway a (ft to remain in force ; but commiffioners are to execute it. Surveyors of the highways to produce their accounts to the commiffioners. Corporation and others difeharged from repairing certain places, on being rated at is. per yard running meafure. Perfons paying thefe rates exempted from other rates, Sec. for paving, Sec. Commiffioners may borrow 7,oool. Money may be raifed by annuities ; not exceeding 10I. per cent. Securities for monies lent, and annuities may be transferred. Application of the money. Accounts to be made up annually, and to be open to in-fjpe<ftion. Pavements, lamps, wells, conduits, Scc. veiled in commiffioners. Commiffioners may order the ftreets, Scc. to be paved. Conduits, water pipes, Sec. veiled in the commiffioners, Sec. Commiffioners to fix limits or ftreets, and put up names, and houfes may be numbered. Pavement not to be altered without content of commiffioners. Commiffioners may make contracts. Surveyors to infped works. Foot paths to be fwept 0	dailys

399

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 63.'

daily, on penalty of 5s, Scavengers to contradt for cleaning the ftreets* and their duty. No perfon to carry away foil, except contractors or fca-vengers. Inhabitants may keep or difpofe of dung, Sec. Commiffioners may order offenfive things to be removed. Scavengers to lodge dirt in certain places. Regulations for emptying neceffary houfes. Penalty for annoyances, not lefs than 5s. nor more than 40s. Penalty on leaving carriages,- Sec. in the ftreets, not lefs than 5s. nor more than 40s. Commif-fioners may permit carriages to Hand in the ftreets on market days, affixes, or fdlions. Leave to inclofe before houfes for building or repairing. Commiftioners to remove projections. Future erections to be perpendicular. Pofts, fteps, See. to be removed. Signs, Sec. to be fixed on the fronts of houfes. Cellar windows not to be left open. Notice to be given to occupiers before the removal of projections. Commiffioners may permit occupiers to remove projections, and allow them the expences. Owners of houfes to take down fpouts and gutters. Lamps to be fet up. Penalty for wilfully breaking lamps, &c. not lefs than 10s. nor more than 5I. Perfons accidently or negligently breaking lamps, &c. to make good the fame. Surveyors impowered to get ftone, gravel, or other materials; on paying for the fame; and to employ workmen, Sec. Appointing a jury. How expence of juries fliall be paid. Penalty on Iheriffs, Sec. not doing their duty, iol. Perfons liable to repair arches of bridges to continue to uphold them. Commmiflioners impowered to purchafe houfes, ground* Sec. for widening the ftreets. Money payable to bodies corporate. Sec. to be inverted in purchafe of other eftates. Penalty on obftruCting the commiffioners, or their officers, Sec. Actions to be brought in the name of the treafurer, clerk, or furvevor, or one or more of the commiffioners. Commiffioners may compound for penalties, and mitigate forfeitures. Appeal to the quarter feffions. The inhabitants may be witneffes. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, or removeable by certiorari. Optional claufe to allow inhabitants of adjoining ftreets, Sec. to be under the provifions of this act. Accounts of optional ftreets to be kept feparate. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble coils. Rights of the corporation of Maidftone referved. Publick aCt.

CAP. LXIII.

An aCt for repealing an aCt made in the eighteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An a Cl for paving of the city of Chichefter; and for the better paving, repairing, and clean ling the ftreets, lanes, and publick ways and portages, within the walls of the faid city, and for removing and preventing incroachments, obftruClions, and annoyances therein.

ACt 18 Eliz. c. 19. repealed. Commiffioners. For electing new commif-lioners. Qualification of commiffioners, houfes, Sec. of the value of aol. a year within the city walls. Penalty on perfons aCting if not qualified, 50I. Firft meeting of commiffioners on July 1, 1791. Commiffioners not toadfc where interefted. Commiffioners being juftices, may aCt as fitch. Commiffioners to defray their own expences. Chairman to be appointed; who ihall have the calling vote. All proceedings of commiffioners to be .at meetings, Sec. No order to be revoked but by a greater number than concurred in making it. Commiffioners may appoint officers, and allow them falaries. Officers to give fecurity, and to account upon oath, and to pay-the balance. How commiffioners to proceed againft officers refuf-ing to account. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by diftrefs. On failure of diftrefs, officer to be committed. Publick ways and pavements verted in the commiffioners, who may bring actions or prefer inditflments. Old materials may be fold. Commiffioners may order the ftreets, Sec.-to . be paved. Expences of paving to be borne by the proprietors. Commiffioners to make rates upon the owners, not exceeding 9d. in the pound in -any one year. Rates to be demanded of the owners, or upon the premifes charged; and if not paid, to be levied by diftrefs; and for want of goods to diftrainj the perfons refuting to pay to be committed. - Tenants

to

Anno regni tficefimo prirno Geokgii III. c. 64. f 1791.'

to pay the tax, and deduct the fame out of their rents- Landlords to al*

* low fuch dedu<5lions* Tenant paying the tax, to be allowed it on payment of his rent. Nqt to make void any contradt between landlord and tenant. In cafe of controverfy, commiflioners concerned to withdraw. The corporation and the dean and chapter difchafged from paving certain parts of the city. How to be rated in lieu thereof. Omifiions in rates to be fupplied by commiflioners. Commiflioners may order tax books to be brought before them. Commiflioners may borrow 5,060!. and aflign rates as a fecurity. Securities may be transferred. Fourteen days notice to be given of borrowing. Monies borrowed charged on the rates, &c. The foil, &c. veiled in commiflioners, who may let the fame. Expences of this adt to be paid out of the firft money railed. For getting materials. No per-fon to alter the pavement without content of the commiflioners at a pub-lick meeting. Penalty on perfons wilfully damaging works, for the firll: offence 40s. and every other 5I. Commiflioners may contradt for paving, &c. on giving one month’s notice for receiving tenders. Commiflioners may fet up polls and rails, and make cefs pools, &c. Commiflioners may take down, alter, and regulate polls, Heps, &c. but hot till after notice. Sign polls, &c. to be taken down. If fpouts, &c. are not properly affixed by the owner, commiflioners may do it at the owner’s expence. Penalty on perfons caufing obftrudtions or nuifances in the llreets, 10s. No cart, &c. to be left in the llreets, on penalty of ios. Not to extend to rubbilh occafioned by building. Cellar windows to be lighted. Neceflary houfes when to he emptied. No cart to be driven fafter than afoot pace. Penalty on obftrudting commiflioners or their workmen, for the firft offence 20s. for the feeond 40s. and for every other 3I. Occupiers in that part of Sub-deanry parifh as lies within the walls difcharged of fo much of their llatute duty, as two juftices fhall think fit. Occupiers in a)l the other parilhes within the walls difcharged from llatute duty. But leflees for a term of years to pay their landlords an increafe of rent equal to their llatute duty. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Inhabitants may be witnefles. Information of offences to be given within three months. Informers may be rewarded. Money expended in any adlion to be defrayed out of the rate. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form ; brft fatisfadlion for fpecial damage. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form, nor removeable by certiorari. No adtion to be brought againll a perfon employed in collecting rates. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the county feflions held at Chichefter. Limitation of adtions. General iflu'e. Treble colls. A faving of rights to the corporation. Not to extend to any other part of the Clofe than the houfes in the South Street. Publick

CAP. LXIV.

An adt for repairing, paving, and cleanfing the highways, ftreets, and lanes, within the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obitrudtions, nui* fances, and annoyances therein.

Commiflioners. Commiflioners not obliged to eledt a new one till the number is reduced to 50. Qualification of commiflioners, to be a relident inhabitant poflefiing 10I. a year real eltate, or a beneficial leafe of 20I. a year in the town of Deal, or pofiefied of real or perfonal eltate of 400I. or rated to this adt 10I. a year. Commiflioners not to adt if interdted ; but may adt as juftices. Firll meeting of commiflioners on June 27, 1791. Commiflioners to pay their own expences. Powers of the adt to beexercifed by a majority of the commiflioners. Chairman appointed, and to have the calling vote. No order to be revoked, unlefs by a greater number of com-miflioners thap made it. Proceedings to be entered in a book, which is to be evidence. Officers to be appointed. Treafurer and other officers to give fecurity ; and to account upon oath. Pavement veiled in the commiflioners. Impowering the commiflioners to pave and repair the llreets.. Materials to be provided, and perfons employed for the purpofes of the adL Nq alteration to be made in the pavements without confent of the cora-

Hliflionersp

Hosted by Google

179x.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Geo.rgii III. c. 6$.

miffioners. Commiffioners to contraft for paving, Sec. Commiffioners to make rates on houfes, Sec. adjoining the Streets, is. in the pound, afid-on all other houfes, Sec. 6d. in the pound. Buildings to be rated by mea-fure. Rates apportioned between owners and tenants. Commiffioners to rate landlords in certain cafes. No tythe, &c. to be rated. Rates apportioned between occupiers quitting and coming into any houfe, See. Recovery of rates by diitrefs and fale of goods, See. Rates on houfes let to divers tenants to be paid by the landlord. Power to mitigate or remit rates where rents do not exceed i\. Perfons aggrieved may apply to the commiffioners. Rate upon coals, is. a chaldron or ton for coals fold, and 2S. a chaldron or ton for coals landed out of ffiips, Sec. Rates to be collected before ffiips are permitted to depart from the pariffi. Power of collectors to detain veffels for payment of rates. Evading the payment of the rates to forfeit 5I. For exempting coals unladen within the limits of the pariffi of Walmer from the duty. General highway aCt to remain in force within the limits of the aCt. Surveyors of the highways to produce their accounts to the commiffioners. For appropriating part of the highway rate towards the pavement,, not exceeding 50I. a year. Carriages to be drawn as on turnpike roads. Commiffioners may ereCl a weighing engine. Carriages may be weighed. Power to borrow 6,000b Money may be raifed by annuities; not exceeding iol. percent. Securities for monies lent, and annuities, may be transferred. Transfers to be entered. Application of the money. When the money borrowed is paid off, the rates may be reduced. Pavements to be repaired upon complaint. Foot pavements to be fwept by the inhabitants. Land to be provided for depofiting materials, &c. Signs to be placed in the front of the houfes, and encroachments to be removed. Foot paths and highways may be widened.

If parties cannot agree, value to be afeertained by a jury. Jurors may be challenged. Verdift of a jury, Sec. to be final. Upon payment of pur-chafe money, lands, Sec. to be conveyed to the commiffioners. On failure of evincing a clear title, purchafe money to be paid into the bank. Pur-chafe money to be lodged in the publick funds, Sec. After payment of purchafe money, buildings, &c. to be taken down. Annoyances to be removed on pain of forfeiting not lefs than 5s. nor more than aos. Nui-fances not to be permitted in the ftreets, Sec. Liberty to make inclofures for building or repairing houfes, Sec. Penalty on obftrufting the execution of the aft, 4cs. Power to get materials. Accounts to be made up annually, and be open to infpeftion. Recovery of penalties by diftrefs and fale ; or offenders may be committed. CommiiTioners may compound for penalties. For allowing the inhabitants to give evidence. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the general or quarter feffions. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover after tender of amends* Limitation of aftions. General iffue. Treble cofts, Publick aft.

CAP. LXV.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable communication between the Loughborough Canal and the town of Leicefter; and for making and maintaining a communication by railways, or ftone roads, and water levels, from feveral places and mines to the faid Loughborough Canal; and for continuing the fame by paffing along.the faid canal, to the faid navigable communication, all in the county of Leicefter.

Proprietors names. Proprietors declared to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of uThe Company of Proprietors of the Leicefter Navigation,’7 with power to purchafe lands; and to make the intended navigable and other communications. No water to be taken from Grace-dieu Brook, iffir preserving the water in Black Brook according to the average in common feafons. For afeertaining the average of water in Black Brook. A wafte wier to be fet up near Black Brook. Buildings, Sec. not to be erefted on Meffrs.MeynelTs property in Quorndon without their con-fent: nor any building, Sec. to be erefted on the grounds belonging to the Loughborough reftory without content of the patrons and reftor. Towing paths to be confined to the top *oi the banks, properly fecured; and, m cafe of damage, fatisfaftion to be made by the company, and the banks re-VOL. XXXVII.	Dd	paired

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1791.

paired by them. Navigation to be kept five hundred and feventy-five yards from Wanlip Hall. Recital of the ad of the 16 Geo. 3. c. 65. for making the Loughborough canal navigation ; and that it will be necefiary to crols that canal; and to build a bridge over the prefent towing path, which will be cut through for making the laid cut or canal, by virtue of this ad. Bridge to belong to the company. None of the water which fupplies the Loughborough canal to be taken. The Leicefter company to guarantee to the Loughborough company 3,000b a year. Difputes between the two companies to be fettled by two arbitrators. If not fettled by arbitration the conuniflioners to do it. To reftrain the Loughborough company from taking more than is. 6d. per ton for coal, nor Id's than lod. Reftridions from building houfes, Sec. on towing paths, or other places, or cutting down timber. If the company take down mills, they may ered others on the fame head of water. Surveys and levels have been taken. Map and book of refei*ence to be authenticated. Navigation, &c. to be made pur-fuant to the faid plan and books of reference; unlefs any deviation {hall be made by the commifiioners. Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obftrudt the making the navigation. No deviation to be made in the line of the canal as deferibed in the pan, through the lands of the Loughborough redtory without content of patrons and redtor. Towing path over the Abbey Meadow not to be varied; nor any towing path to be made on any of the lands next to the redtory houfe, See. Lands may be entered to make furveys. Canal to be twenty yards wide, and towing paths three yards. For turning the road by Mr. Brewin’s garden. Power to take water from mines. To oblige the proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the water levels. Owners of coal pits and lime works may make railways. No railway or road to be made within 1000 yards of Mr. Mey-nell’s houfe. Bodies politick, Sec. empowered to fell. For prefervation of copyhold rights. Commifiioners for fettling differences. For eledting new commifiioners. Impowering the quarter fellion to nominate commifiioners in cafe the furvivors negledt, or a fufficient number cannot be found in the neighbourhood. Qualification of commifiioners : an efbate of freehold or copyhold of iool. a year, or perfonal eftate of a,oool. Commifiioners may ad as juftices. Firft meeting of the commifiioners, the third Friday in September, 1791. Notice to be given of meetings. All the meetings to be public. On application of land OAvners, or any five of the proprietors, commifiioners may meet. Meetings may be called at any time. Meetings to be held within fix miles of the place where the difpute arifes. Commif-fioners to determine what fums the company fhall pay for the land and damages; or a jury may be fummoned for that purpofe. If any damage is done to lord Rawdon’s mills by the Loughborough company, the Leicefter company to make fatisfadion. For paying off mortgages on lands ufed for the navigation. Fine of aol. upon fheriffs, Sec. making default. Ex-pences of commifiioners and jury by whom to be borne. Perfons requeft-mg a jury to enter into bond to profeeute before commifiioners iffue their warrant for a jury. Notice of injury to be given to the company, before complaint made to the commifiioners. Perfons guilty of perjury may be profecuted. Satisfaction being made or tendered, the company may enter and proceed in their works. Determinations of commifiioners, and verdicts, to be recorded by the clerk of the peace for the county of Leicefter. Purchafe monies paid in truft, to be laid out to the fame ufes. For fettling the proportions of purchafe money. In default of payment thereof, the tonnage rates to become fecurity. if cofts not paid within two calendar months, the fame to be levied upon the company of proprietors. Where land is fevered by effeding the undertaking, company may purchafe the whole, or build bridges. For punifhing perfons wilfully deftroying any of the works, or obftruding the navigation. Mines, Sec. referved to lords of manors. Coals, &c. found in digging may be taken by the proprietors of lands. Coal mines not to be worked to prejudice the navigation. Sec. but fatisfadion to be made lor certain quantities left. Company of proprietors to make drains, Sec. and alfo fences in certain cafes; and on neg-led the commifiioners may caufe the fame to be repaired, cleanfed, Sec. and charge the expence to the company. Millers to put up or down doughs for making navigation; &c. under penalty of 10I. for retufal. If diftatisfied

Hosted by Google

X791-] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c.	6$.'403

with the recompence, commiffioners to determine the fame. Mills to be purchafed by the company on notice being given by the owners within a limited time. Millers not to draw down the water lower than fix inches below the height of a full mill pond. Where cattle are deprived of watering places, others to be made. Towing paths to be fenced off from the adjoining lands. For pm-chafing and fencing off towing paths through the lands of the rev. Henry Greene. Towing paths to be ufed as a bridleway.

Sec. by the occupiers of lands. Road near the paper mill, in the parifh of Coflington. In cafe of failure to fence off towing paths, Sec. commiffion-ers to do it, and the company to pay the charge. Owners of lands im~ powered to make bridges. Lords of manors or owners of eftates may. eredt wharfs, Sec. but if not done within 12 calendar months after notice, the proprietors may build them. One penny halfpenny per ton for the wharfage of done, brick, lime, or manure, and three-pence per ton for any other goods, and two-pence per ton for coals. For Hacking coals on the wharfs by the eaftern fide of the bafon belonging to the Loughborough canal company. Right of fifhery granted to lords of manors and land owners. Land owners may ule pleafure boats. Proprietors may raife 46,000k among themfelves for making the navigation. The money raifed to be divided into 460 fhares at look each. Mr. Hudfon to take down Wianlip Mill, on having fhares of the value of 500k in lieu of the fame.

Proprietors to receive 5k per centum till the navigation is finifhed. Sub-feribers to have a vote for every fliare, by themfelves or proxy; not exceeding ten fhares for each. Proprietors may raife an additional fum of 20,oool. if neceffary, by admillion of new fubfcribers ; or borrowing money upon the tolls. Annuities or fecurities to be entered in a book* and may be transferred. Intereft of money borrowed, or annuities granted, to be paid in preference to the dividends, or may be fued for at law. Grantees or affignees not to vote at any meeting on account of having lent fuch money. General affembly for chuling a committee. No member of the committee to have more than one vote, except the chairman. Committee to be under the controul of general affemblies. How the books of account are to be kept. General affemblies to confift of fifty fhares. Power of general affembly and committees. Expences of committee meeting. Sub-feribers to have notice before they forfeit their fhares. General affemblies may make bye laws. When fubfcribers die before the fhares are com-pleated, executors, Sec. may compleat the payment; or in cafe of refufaX or want of affets proprietors may appoint others. How fhares may be dif-pofed of. No fliare to be fold after a call made until fuch call be anfwer-ed. Shares may be fold and transferred. Clerk to be appointed for the company of proprietors. Upon the death of any clerk another to be appointed. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered in a book. Clerk of the commiffioners to be appointed. No bufinefs to be done at a committee unlefs five perfons prefent. Clerk to be intrufted with money to pay petty expences, and account to committee. Treafurers to pafs their accounts. Rates of tonnage. Exemption from tolls. Power to vary the tolls.

The tolls to be taken on goods paffing to the Melton navigation not to exceed the half of the tonnage from Loughborough to Leicefter. Matters of boats to give an account in writing of goods, See. on board. In cafe of difference about weight, veffels to be detained and goods weighed. For afeertaining the tonnage of lime. Navigation to be free on payment of the rates. That no part of the navigation fliall be opened until the whole is finifhed. Directing the company to make compenfation to the owners of a weighing machine. For making compenfation to the truftees of the Afhby turnpike road. For making compenfation to the creditors of the Mark-field road. Swivel and draw bridges to be lhut and fattened after veffels lhall have patted through them, on penalty of 5k For repairing damage from floods, &c. and preventing further damage. For afeertaining a ton weight. Tolls to be free from taxes. To prevent lock keepers, Sec. giving any preference. Veffels under 20 tons not to pafs the locks but on certain conditions. Matters to put their names on the outfide of their boats.

Boats to be meafured. Matters or owners of boats to be anfwerable for damages. Matters to recover back from their fervants fums paid for their defaults. Places for boats to pafs each other. Regulations for veffels paff-

I? d 7,	ing

Hosted by Google

404

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 66. [1791.

ing the locks. Penalty on perfons opening locks, walling waters, &c. not lefs than 20s. nor more than 5I. Veffels obftnnfling the navigation to be removed. VefTels funk to be weighed up. Perfons floating timber, or overloading veffels, to forfeit 5I. or throwing rubbifh into the navigation. Navigation not to be under the commiffioners of fewers. For meafuring the navigation, and fetting up mile ftones. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Lands not ufed in ten years to be reconveyed. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Application of moneys. Dilfrefs not unlawful for want of form. Damages not provided for to be fettled by com-miffioners. Appeal to the quarter feffions. Majority of the commiffioners or committee to be binding as the a£l of the whole. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble colls. Publick a<5t.

CAP. LXVI.

An a<5t to enable the earl of Egremont to make and maintain the river Ro-ther navigable, from the town of Midhurft, to a certain meadow called the Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the parilh of Stopham, and a navigable cut, from the faid river to the river Arun, at or near Stopham bridge, in the county of Suffex; and for other purpofes.

The earl of Egremont impowered to make the river Rother navigable, from a meadow, called the Lower Platt, near Midhurft, through the pa-rilhes of Woollavington and Eafebourn, in Suffiex, and through the tything of Amberfham, in the parilh of Steep, in the county of Southampton, and alfo through the feveral pariffies of Selham, Lodfworth, Tillington, Burton, Dumfton, Petworth, Sutton, Coates, Egdean, Fittleworth, Bury, Coldwaltham, and Stopham, in Suffiex, to a meadow, called the Railed Pieces, or' Stopham Meadow, in the parilh of Stopham; and to make a navigable communication between the fame river and the Arun ; and another navigable cut from the river Rother to Hallingbourn Bridge; and to build bridges, and to make towing paths, &c. Digging gravel and materials. Satisfaction to be made for damages. This navigation not to go through any garden, park, lawn, &c. belonging to any manlion houfe, except cottages of 61. yearly value, and except the grounds of the lord vif-count Montague, fituate on the banks of the faid river Rother. Powers to furvey and take levels, and to fet out the works. Enabling owners to fell lands, &c. Commiffioners appointed to fettle differences. If any of the parties are diffatisfied with the determination of the commiffioners, the value or damages to be afcertained by a jury. Whofe determination ill all be final. Thirty days previous notice to be given to occupiers. 20I. penalty on the ffieriff or coroner for making default; and on the jury ; and on witneffies. Judgements, Ac. tobekept by the clerk of the peace. By whom the expence of the jury fhall be paid. Party requefting the jury to give fecurity. No complaint to be taken notice of, till application be made ta the earl of Egremont. Upon payment, or tender, of the money, the faid earl may take poffeffion. Commiffioners to fettle the proportions of pur-chafe money. Purchafe monies due to corporations to be laid out to the fame ufes as eftates purchafed, if the fame exceeds 20I. In default of payment, how the monies are to be recovered. Annual rents, how recoverable. Power to get materials, &c. in cafe of fudden damage. Tolls for every ton of manure, one penny a mile, and every ton of timber, coals, corn, and all other goods, three-pence a mile. Recovery of tolls. 26 feet of round, or 40 feet of fquare oak, afh, or dm, or 50 feet of fir or, deal, to be deemed a ton. Mafters of vefiels to give an account of their lading. Veffels to be weighed in cafe of any difference refpedting the rates. Navigation and the roads gnd wharfs open to all perfons on paying the rates. Lords of manors and owners of land not to be reftrained from erecting wharfs, quays, Ac. within their manors or lands, or from landing goods thereat. If fuch lord or owners fhall not on notice, eredt fuch warehoufes, Ac. the lame may be done by the earl of Egremont. For ascertaining wharfage. Goods not to be landed, Ac. except upon the wharfs, Ac. Names of the in after to be painted on the veffels. Veffels may be weighed at any time, at the expence of the earl of Egremont. Graduated figures

to

Hosted by Google

5 7910 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 6j,	405

to be painted on the veffels, denoting their weight. Penalty for negledt, not exceeding 5I. nor lefs than 40s. Owners of veffels accountable for damage done by their bargemen. The earl of Egremont to make fpaces for veiTels to turn or pafs each other. Penalty not exceeding 5I. nor lefs than 40s. on bargemen fuffering the water to remain in any lock longer than is neceflary, and not properly opening and fhutting the gates of the lock, &c.

Penalty not exceeding 10s. nor lefs than 5s. on perfons wilfully placing their veiTels fo as to obftrutft the faid navigation. For punifhing perfons deftroying the works. Penalty not exceeding 5I. nor lefs than 40s. on perfons obftrutfting, and on perfons wilfully injuring the works. No bargemen to take or deftroy fifh or game. Saving the rights of lords of manors and owners of lands. Earl of Egremont required to make tunnels, drains.

See. to prevent obftrudtion of water courles; and to keep the fame in repair. For preferving watering places for cattle. The earl of Egremont to eredt bridges, and keep them in repair at his own expence. For electing new commiffioners. Qualification of commiffioners, real eftate of 50I. a year, or perfonal eftate i,oool. Commiffioners may adt as juftices. Meeting of commiffioners to be held at Fetworth, and ten days notice thereof to be given. Commiffioners impowered to make byelaws, Sec. Commiffioners may fummon meetings upon application. The earl of Egremont to appoint a clerk to attend the commiffioners. Duties exempted from taxes. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Perfons giving falfe evidence may be convidted of perjury. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Appeal to the quarter feflions.

Limitation of adtions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. LXVII.

An adt to enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation, to borrow a further lum of money to complete the faid navigation.

Company empowered to borrow the further fum of 6o,oool. and aflign the navigation as a fecurity. Affignments to be entered in a book, and may be transferred. Transfers to be entered by the clerk. The intereft of the money borrowed to be firft paid. Expences of the adt to be defrayed out of the money firft raifed by this adt. Publick adt.

C A P. LXVIII.

- An adt for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Manchefter to or near Prefto-lee-Bridge, in the townfliip of Little Lever; and from thence by one branch to or near the town of Bolton, and by another branch to or near the town of Bury, and to Weddell Brook, in the parifh of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lancafter.

1

The right honourable the earl of Derby, and feveral other perfons incorporated by the name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchefter to Bolton, and to Bury,” to make a navigable canal from the old quay in Manchefter, through the parifhes of Manchefter, Eccles, and Preftwich, and into a certain meadow belonging to Meffieurs Edward and Chriftopher Whitehead, in the parifli of Bolton, and near Prefto-lee-Bridge, and from thence by Church Bridge, in the town of Bolton, and through the parifhes of Bolton, RadclifFe, and Bury, to Bury Bridge, in the town of Bury, and from thence to Weddell Brook, in the parifli of Bury, all in the county of Lancafter. Two plans and books of reference fhall be figned by the lpeaker of the houfe of commons.

Canal to be made purfuant to the plan and book of reference. Errors in describing the line not to prevent making the canal. For preferving lord Grey de Wilton’s tunnel. For enabling lord Grey de Wilton to make the tunnel, if the company negledt or refute to do it. Not to take water from the rivers Irwell and Lever. Reftricftions relative to taking water from Brooks Mouth Brook, Sec. Not to ere<ft wharfs, Sec. on the bleaching grounds of Meffieurs Baker and company, Describing the line of the canal

D d 3	through

. Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefitno primo Georgii III. c. 68. [1791.

through the Raikes Croft, in the parifh of Darcey Lever. Defcribing the line of the canal through the Haulgh Croft, in the parifh of Bolton. For making certain private roads into the Haulgh Croft. Defcribing the line of the canal by the carding engine at Haulgh Hall. For enabling the company to erecfl a carding engine in lieu of that which is to be taken at Dove Bank. Houfes, gardens, &c. not to be injured. Canal and towing path to be 26 yards in breadth. No building to be eredted on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politick, Sec. impowered to fell. Commiffioners for fettling differences. Eledtion of new commiffioners. Im-powering the quarter feffions to nominate commiffioners, in cafe the fur-vivprs negledt, or a fufficient number cannot be found in the neighbourhood. Commiffioners may adt as juftices. Commiffioners not to be in* terefted in the canal, but muft reticle in the county of Lancafter, and be pofleffed of aool. a year, real eftate, or 5,000k perfonal eftate. Notice to be given of meeting of commiffioners. On application of five proprietors or land owners, commiffioners to meet. Power to hold occalional meetings. Meetings ffiall be held at Manchefter, Bolton, or Bury, or within one mile of the canal. Commiffioners to fettle differences. Jury to be fummoned in certain cafes. Expences of commiffioners and jury. Perfona requeuing a jury to enter into bond to profecute before commiffioners if-fue their warrant for a jury. Notice of injury to be given to the company, before complaint made to the commiffioners. Perfons guilty of perjury may be prolecuted. Verdidts to be recorded, and, fatisfadtion being made or tendered, the lands vefted in company. Application of the purchafe money belonging to corporations, Sec. Commiffioners to fettle the proportion of money to be allowed to tenants. Recovery of annual rents. Mines, Sec. referved to lords of manors, or to other proprietors. Coal mines. Sec. not to be worked to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents to be at liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. Company to make drains, Sec. Works damaged by the floods, to be repaired by the com-

n. Proprietors to raife 47,700!. amongfc tliemfelves. The money to vided into fhares of rool. each. Proprietors to receive 5I. per cent, till canal finifhed. Subfcribers to have a vote for every ffiare.. Proprietors may raife an additional 2o,oool. if neceffary. Power to raife money by mortgage. Mortgages may be transferred. Intereft of money borrowed to be paid in preference to dividends. Affignees not to vote on account of having lent money. General annual afftmblies to be held, and committees appointed. Committee to be appointed. Eleven proprietors hold fpecial affemblies. Each member of committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. Committee to be under controul of general affemblies. Books of accounts to be kept. General and fpecial affemblies to confift of perfons having 250 fhares. Powers of general affemblies. Subfcribers to have notice before their fhares are forfeited. Company may remove members of the committee, Sec. and make bye laws. Subfcribers dyingbtfore fhares completed, executors, Sec. may complete the fame. In cafe of refufal, or want of aflets, proprietors may appoint others. Shares may be dif-pofed of. No fhare to be fold after call made, until the money is paid. Dire ding what fhall he done on alienation of fhares by marriage or death. Officers to the company to be appointed. Proceedings of the commif-iioners to be entered. Rates of tonnage, lime, bricks, coals, &c. twopence a mile per ton; timber and other goods, three-pence a mile per ton. Rates of tonnage as to lime, and lime ftone, when the water flows over the leek weirs, one halfpenny a mile per ton. Tonnage on coal, Sec. not paffing a lock, one penny halfpenny a mile per ton. Canal to be meafur-ed, and Rones fet up. Recovery of rates. Exemption from rates. Power for the proprietors of the Irwell to convey ftone on the canal for certain purpofes duty-free. Company of proprietors to lock into the Irwell, and to pay no duty between Hunt's Bank and Throftle Neft. Rates of tonnage to be paid by the company of proprietors, below the firft lock on the river Irwell. Payment for wharfage. Power to alter the rates. Rates to be free from taxes. Mafters of boats to give an account in writing of particulars of lading. Forty cubic feet of oak, afh, elm, or beech, or fifty feet of fir or deal, to be deemed a ton weight, and fix fcore pounds weight aypirdupoife, to be deemed a hundred weight. If any difference concerning

Hosted by Google

I791*] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 69.’

ing the weight, collectors may weigh or meafure boats, &c. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. VefTels under eight or twelve tons, not to pafs locks without content of proprietors. To prevent lock keepers, Sec. giving any preference. Mafters to put their names on outlide of their boats. Weight of the lading of veffels to be marked; and veffels to be gauged. Matters or owners of boats anfwerable for damages. Mafters to recover back from their fervants any fums paid for their negleCts or defaults. For fencing off towing paths, and making bridges, Sec.. The company liable to be indi&ed at common law for not making ftone or brick bridges over the canal. The company liable to be indicted at common law for not repairing bridges, Sec. and to pay cofts. Juftices at feffions, in certain cafes, to determine what bridge (hall be made. In cafe company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company's expence. If bridges, Sec. made by the company are inefficient, land owners may make others. Proprietors of mines may make cuts to communicate with the canal. Lords of manors and land owners may ereCt warehoufes, Sec. on their lands. If not done within a limited time, company may build. Rate of tonnage on private wharfs. Company of proprietors or other perfons not to ufe exclufively private wharfs. Company of proprietors or committee to regulate the navigation. Boats funk to be weighed up. Penalty on perfons overloading and obftruCt-ing the navigations ; and on opening locks, Sec. Punifhing perfons wilfully deftroying works. Canal not to be under the power of commiffioners of fewers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, Sec. in fame proportion as adjoining lands, Sec. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fifheryre-ierved. Penalty on unqualified perfons on board having nets. Power for land owners to ufe pleafure boats. To compel payment of fubferiptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in diftrefs to recover ipecial damage. Damages not provided for to be fettled by commiffioners. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General ifiue. Treble cofts. Publick aCt.

CAP. LXIX.

An a<5t for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kington, in the county of Hereford, by or through Leominfter, to join the river Severn, near Stourport Bridge, in the county of Worceftcr.

Certain perfons incorporated by the name of ct The Company of Proprietors of the Leominfter Canal Navigation," to make a navigable canal from the town of Kington, by the town of Leominfter, in Herefordftiire, to join the river Severn, at Stourport Bridge, in Worcefterfhire. Power to make inclined planes. Mr. Harley not to be reftrained from taking water from Stockton Brook forty-eight hours a week. Certain proportions only of the water in Stockton and Dumbleton brooks to be taken. No injury to be done to Mr. Nott’s fpring. The canal acrofs the road to Mr. Cleveland's to be arched over. Where carriage roads are injured, others to be made. No honfe, Sec. to be injured. Power to take down certain houfes. The canal and towing paths not to exceed 26 yards in breadth. Corporations, &c. impowered to fell land for the purpofes of the act. Company not entitled to any mine difeovered in making the canal. All perfons feifed of freehold or copyhold eftates of iool. per ann. in the counties of Hereford, Salop, and Worcefter, maybe commiffioners for fettling difputes. Expences of jury. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint. Verdicts, &c. to be recorded. Application of the purchafe money belonging to corporations, Sec. Commiffioners to fettle proportions to the feveral perfons interefted. Annual rents charged upon the rates. Proprietors may raife 150,000k to carry on the work. Money to be divided into 1,500 ffiares, and to be deemed perfonal eftate. If that fum is not fufficient, 40,000k more may be raifed by calls upon themfelves; or by mortgage. Affignments may be transferred. Subfcribers to have a vote for every (hare. At the expiration of fix years, no perfon to vote for more than 20 fhares. General affemblies for choofing committees. Committees fubjeCt to controul of general affembly. Perfons difqualified from ferving on

D d 4	committees.

Hosted by

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. [1791.

committees. Accounts to be kept by committees. General affemblies to con-lift of 300 fhares. Other p vvvers of general affemblies. Proprietors not anfwering calls, fubjedt to a penalty, or forfeiture of their fhares. Shares not forfeited without perfonal notice. Company may remove members of the committee ; and make bye laws. On the death of proprietors before fhares compleated, executors may do it. Shares may be dil'pofed of. After a call, no fhare to be fold till the money paid. Company may appoint officers. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered. Rates may be collected. Regulations relative to payment of toll. Half rates for fleck coals. Boats with lefs than 12, tons of lading to be charged as having 12 tons, except in certain cafes. Recovery of rates. Payment for wharfage for certain articles. Proprietors may alter rates. Mafter of boats to give account of particulars of lading. In cafe of difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh veffels. Weight of the lading of vefiels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Mafters accountable for damage done by the crew. Navigation to be free upon payment of tolls. For fencing off towing path, and making bridges, See. In cafe company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, See. land owners may do it at the company's expence. If bridges, Sec. made by the company, are infufficient, land owners may make others. Coals, See. found in digging the canal, to be laid on the lands, and may be taken by the owners. Method of working mines under the canal. Method of difeovering when mines are working contrary to diredtions of the adt. Owners of mines under the canal, defirous of working the fame, to apply to the company. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal 'and collateral cuts ; but not without confent of owners of lands. Lords of manors and land owners may eredt warehoufes, &c. on their lands; but if they neg-ledt to give fuch notice, company may make ufe of fuch lands. Regulations as to private wharfs. Committee to regulate the navigation. 5]. penalty on perfons overloading and obftrndting the navigation. 5I. penalty on opening locks, &c. Perfons wilfully deftroying works, may be convicted of felony. Canal not to be under the power of commiffioners of fewers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, Sec. in fame proportion as adjoining lands, &c. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fifhery referved. 5I. penalty on unqualified perfons on board having nets. Owners and occupiers of lands may ufe pleafure and hufbandry boats free of the rates. Commiffioners to take an oath. Commiffioners may adt as juftices. No commiffioners to adt where interefted, or holding place of profit. Notice of commiffioners meeting. General meeting of commiffioners. Special meeting of the commiffioners. No meeting to determine difputes, &c*. but within five miles of the canal. To compel payment of fubferiptions. Subfcriptions to be firft applied in making the canal from the Severn to Milton Crofs, and the refidue in continuing it towards Kington. Upon a further fum being fubferibed the canal to be made to Kington. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of adtions. General iffiue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. LXX.

An adt for lighting, cleanfing, and watching, the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paffiages and places, with the townffiip of Stourbridge, in. the parifh of Old Swinford, in the county of Worcefter, and for removing and preventing obftrudtions, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

Commiffioners qualification, perfons poffiefTed of 10I. a year, or inhabitants in Stourbridge renting a houfe of iol. a year, and intitled to lands, Sec. of forty pounds a year, or poffiefTed of perfonal eftate of 800I. Commiffioners not to hold any office under this adt, but to be fworn. Firft meeting of the commiffioners to be on June 2, 1791, when this adt is to commence. Notice to be given of meetings. No adt to be done unlefs at a meeting. Reftridtions as to revoking orders. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered in a book. Commiffioners may hire a room for an office and ftore houfe. Officers to be appointed. For appointing a prelident at commiffioners meetings. Power to place lamps. Diredting the cleanfing of the ftreets. Commiffioners may contract for lamps and

cleanfing.

Hosted by Google

17910 Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 71.

cleanfing. Lamps and other materials veiled in the commiffioners. Penalties for damaging lamps, for the firft offence 20s. for the fecond offence 40s. and for the third offence 5I. Contracts to be binding. For eftablifh-ing a watch. Copies of regulations to be delivered to night conftables. Penalty on watchmen neglecting their duty, 5s. Penalty on night conftables negle&ing their duty, 20s. Expences of watch fhall be paid out of the money raifed by this a<5t. No broken glafs, or other rubbifh, to be laid in the ftreets, on penalty of 5s. For preventing incroachments and projections. Spouts and gutters regulated. For regulating figns, See. For preventing annoyances by waggons or other things continuing in the ftreets. If waggons or other obftnnftions be not feized as aforefaid, the owner neverthelefs to forfeit. No penalty for rubbifh in cafe of building, &c. Penalty on perfons baiting bulls, Sec. 5I. and making bonfires, 5s. Swine or cattle not to be fuffered to wander in the ftreets. Maftiff dogs not to'be fuffered to go at large in the ftreets, unlefs muzzled, on penalty of 5s. Commiffioners to fix on a fpot for fhewing ftallions. Penalty ©n butchers and perfons killing beafts, See. in the ftreets. To prevent obftruc-tions on the foot paths. Stalls, Sec. in the market place to be removed every evening. Commiffioners may direct profecutions. For appointing affeffors. Rates not to exceed is. in the pound. Perfons left out of poor's rate, on account of poverty, not to be rated by this ad:. Premifes held in different parts cf the townfhip fhall, for the purpofes of this ad, be rated together. Rates may be amended. Affeffors to appear and juftify their rates. Colledors to be appointed. How rates are to be recoyered. Exceptions to being rated. Expences of this ad to be paid out of the rates. Rates to be apportioned on occupiers quitting or coming in. Treafurer to pay the money to commiffioners orders. Trcafurers and colledors to account to commiffioners. Treafurer and colledors to give fecurity. Perfons not liable to ferve the office of colledor oftener than once in ten years. Accounts to be made up annually, and be free for infpedion. Appeal againft the rates, or otherwife, to quarter feffions. Adions to be brought in the name of the treafurer or clerk. Recovery and application of penalties. Inhabitants may give evidence. Diftrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form; nor parties diftraining deemed trefpaffers ab initio. Limitation of adions. General iffue. Treble colts. Not to prejudice the rights of the lord of the manor of Oldfwinford. Publick ad.

An ad for taking down and rebuilding the parifh church of All Saints, within the town and county of the town of Southampton ; and for pur-chafing land for the purpofe of a church yard for the ufe of the faid parifh.

Truftecs names. Monies to be raifed, veiled in truflees. If truftees die, or refute or become difabled to ad, new truftees to be appointed. Qualification ot truftees, perfons rated 20I. a year to the poor's rates, or renting 40I. a year. Truftees not to ad while holding employment or con-trads. Firft meeting of truftees to be on June 1, 1791. Truftees to appoint a treafurer and other officers. All ads done by five to be valid. Truftees to choofe a prefident, who is to have a calling vote. All proceedings to be entered in a book. Truftees empowered to take down the church and buildings, and to ered a new churph. Truftees empowered to difpofe of the parifh eftates towards the purpofes of this ad. Truftees may difpofe of the remainder of the ground. Truftees are empowered to purchafe ground for a new burial ground, not exceeding two acres. Banns of marriage to be publifhed and marriages folemnized in the adjoining church. Veftry room to be provided while church is rebuilding. Banns of marriage publifhed, and marriages folemnized in St. Michael’s church lince Jan. i, 1790, deemed legal. Truftees impowered to remove the conduit from the church wall. Monuments to be removed. Plans and tenders. Allotment of pews. Pews to be numbered. No parifhioner entitled to a feparate pew, unlefs he occupies a houfe of 161. a year. Pews not to be altered. No burials to be allowed within the walls of the church.

CAP. LXXI.

Cata-

Hosted by

4-io

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 72. [1791.

Catacombs or vaults not to be ereded without confent of the veftry. Truftees empowered to borrow five thoufand pounds. Enabled to pur-* chafe a burial ground, and borrow a further fum of money for that purpofe. Churchwardens and collectors to account. Truftees to make a rate not exceeding one dulling in the pound, to commence at Midfummer, 1791. Power to make additional rates. Tenants to pay the whole rates. Not to affed agreements. Rates where houfes are let to feveral families to be paid by the landlord. Recovery of rates. Power to fue for rates. Per-fons not chargeable for empty houfes. Authorifing truftees to difcharge the debt. When rates to ceafe. Truftees to fettle with Mr. Silley for his gallery in the old church. Incapacitated perfons empowered to fell. If persons refufe to treat, or difagree about the purchafe, a jury to be fummon-ed. Juries may be challenged. Witnefies to be examined on oath. Verdict of jury fhall be final. Fines on fheriffs, jurymen, &c. or witnefies negleding their duty. Fee for fvvearing witnefies, one {hilling. By whom the expences of a jury are to be paid. On payment of money awarded, conveyances to be made of the premifes. If a good title cannot be made out, the money to be paid into the Bank of England, for the ufe of the perfons interefted. Tenants on the premifes to quit on notice. In cafe of refufal, truftees to iflue a precept to the {heriff, requiring them to give poffefiion. Penalty on fherifFfor negled of duty, 20I. Expences of the a<5t to be firft paid. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Proceedings not to be removed. Limitation of actions. General iflue. Treble colls. Redor exempted from expences impofed by the ad. Pub-lick ad.

CAP. LXXII.

An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor, within the hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the county of Suffolk.

Ad 5 Geo. 3. c. 97. repealed. Owners of lands, Sec. of 30I. a year, juf-tices of the peace, within the hundreds of Loes and Wilford, all redors, vicars, &c. and perfons occupying 60I. a year, are incorporated by the name of “ Guardians of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford in the County of Suffolk.” Women may ad by proxy. Houfe, See. veiled in the guardians. Diredors appointed. On death of diredors new ones to be chofen. Qualification of diredors. Ading guardians to be chofen at the firft meeting. Diredors and ading guardians to hold quarterly meetings. Divifion of the diredors and ading guardians into quarterly and other committees. Quarterly or weekly meetings may be altered. Committees may be appointed for every month. Penalty on directors, aos. and guardians, 10s. for non-attendance. For appointing officers. Choice of treafurer and clerk. Security to be taken from the treafurer. Officers to account. Prefent houfe may be enlarged, and other buildings ereded. Lands, Sec. to be free from parochial rates, and fubjed to no higher publick taxes than were charged at the time of palling the ad. Punifhment of perfons damaging the buildings, Sec. Materials to be fup-plied for employing the poor. Children may he apprenticed. No child to continue an apprentice after the age of 18 years. Not to be afligned without confent of diredors, and two juftices. Children already bound to continue the remainder of their apprenticefhips. Juftices may grant re-drefs to children mifufed. Poor may be hired out to harveft or other work. Juftices to fettle differences. Diredors, Sec. may contrad for the employment of the poor. Application of the produce of the labour of the poor. Rewards to be given to the induftrious poor. Poor perfons may be difmiffed to their parents or their friends. Poor perfons capable of maintaining themfelves to be difeharged. Illegitimate children not to gain a fettlement by being born in the houfe, nor by being apprentices to the governor. For employing poor perfons willing to work. Idle and difor-derly perfons may be prolecuted and punifhed. Diredors and ading guardians may apprehend idle perfons. Former bye laws to continue in force, and new ones may be made. Afleffments to be made and allowed by two juftices, or at the quarter fefiions. Amount of the afleffments

limited.

Hosted by Google

179i*3 Anno regnitricefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 73.	4:1

limited. Parifh officers not reftrained from making rates for other purpo-fes. Rates to be a fecurity for the money borrowed. Directors impower-ed to borrow 14,000k Rates may be affigned over and mortgaged. Securities may be transferred. Application of the money to be raifcd. Directing how the money borrowed on fecurities (hall be difcharged. Churchwardens and overfeers, and other parifh officers, to affift the directors, Sec, in the execution of this aCt, Directors and aCtingguardians may grant certificates with the perfons removing. Penalty on overfeers, Sec, fuffering per-fons to refide without certificates, or not informing directors of fingle women. Bonds of indemnity againft baftards to be delivered to the directors and acting guardians, and in future made to them. Juftices may direCt relief to be given to paupers. A governor, matron, furgeon, clergyman, and fchoolmafter, to be appointed ; and alfo fpecial conftables within faid hundreds. Punifhment of governor and other officers for mifbe-haviour. Punifhment of the poor mifbehaving or guilty of vice or immorality. Punifhment for difpoling of their apparel. Punifhment of perfons receiving ftolen goods and clothes; and on conveying fpirituous liquors into the houfe. Juftices may proceed on the complaint of directors and aCting guardians. Directors and guardians may aCt as juftices. Accounts to be fettled and allowed. Dire&ing what fhall conftitute a meeting of directors and aCting guardians. Chairman to have the cafting vote. Guardians to pay their own expences. Penalty for negleCt of holding quarterly meetings. General meetings of the guardians may be held for appointing new directors and aCtingguardians. Application of penalties given by any aCts of parliament for the benefit of the poor. Recovery of penalties and forfeitures. Appeal allowed. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. That the towns and parifhes of Woodbridge and Framlingham fhall not be included in this aCt. Commencement of the aCt, and declaring it to be publick.

CAP. LXXIII.

An aCt for repairing the parifh church of Saffron Walden, in the county

of Effex.

Truftees. Power to appoint new truftees on death, refufal to aCt, or removal. No truftee to aCt, being interefted in any contract, Sec, Firfl meeting to be within one month after the 24th of June, 1791. To. appoint a treaiurer and other officers. Truftees to hold quarterly meetings.

Power for truftees to call other meetings. Power for truftees to order repairs, make contracts, &c. No aCts valid, unlefs done at a publick meeting. Chairman to have the cafting voice. Power to raife the fum of 4,oool. by bonds, for iool. each, and to be affignable. Bond holders to have no preference, but to be creditors in an equal degree. All monies borrowed to be paid into the treafurer’s hand.'. The monies borrowed to be a charge on the rates. Churchwardens to make rates, not exceeding one {hilling in the pound, by order of the truftees; and to colled all monies due thereon. Power to diftrain, on the nonpayment of rates. Power for truftees to aCt, being juftices. Payment of rates not to gain a fettle -ment. Churchwardens to account. The monies raifed and received veiled in the truftees for the purpofes of this aCt, to be applied in defraying the charges of this aCt, and carrying the feme into execution. Treafurer to account. Surplus monies to be inverted in the funds. Power to pay off bonds by lot. Truftees may fue and be fued in the name of their treafurer. Truftees may provide a place wherein to folemnize the marriage ceremony. Power to remove grave ftones and monuments. For allotment of pews. No perfons to be buried in the church, unlefs the graves are built with brick, and arched over. Truftees impowered to fell old materials. Inhabitants to be witnefies. Proceedings of truftees to be entered in a book, and to be evidence, Sec, Indemnity to truftees. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. General appeal. Limitation of a&ions. General iflue. Treble cofts. Publick a£L

CAP,

Hosted by Google

4X2 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. 74, 75. [1791.

CAP. LXXIV.

An adt for building a new church' in the town of Wakefield, in the weft riding of the county of York, and for providing a proper burial ground, and making provifion for a minifter to officiate in the laid church.

Commiffioners. Commiffioners to build the church, and a houfe for the minifter’s refidence. Church, when confecrated, to be a perpetual cure. Not to extend to making a new pariih. Pews and feats to be fold or let. A yearly rent may be referved on pews fold. Rent being unpaid, demife or fale to be void, and pews to be let or fold again. No new fale until three months after notice. Pews to be valued, and rent fixed, where payable, before any fale. Nomination of Mr. Munkhoufe to be firft minifter. The perpetual right of nomination, after the firft, to be in the vicar of Wakefield. The new church to be a feparate cure. Ledturer may be appointed. Minifter’s duty. Minifter abfenting himfelf, cure to be void. Curacy being void for fix months, to lapfe. Commiffioners to procure the church to be ferved during vacancies. Chriftenings, &c. to be regiftered. Rights of the vicar faved. Double fees for marriages, See. and one half paid to the vicar. Churchwardens to be eledted. Commiffioners im-powered to purchafe an organ, a clock, and a fet of bells. No burying places within the walls of the church ; except in the vaults. Repairs of the church. No undue preference to be taken by the commiffioners with refpedtto the pews. Power to make contradts with workmen, Sec. Notice to be given of making contradts. Power of bringing adtions for any breach of contradt. Commiffioners having any intereft in the contradts, See. to be difabled from adting. The commiffioners impowered to purchafe or take the gift of any lands or hereditaments for the purpofes of this adt. Bodies politick, See. enabled to agree, See. Fines, Sec. fecured to the lord of the manor. Power to borrow five thoufand pounds, and to affign the pews, Sec. as a fecurity. Copies of fecurities to be entered in books. Affignments to be entered in books. Application of the money. Meffrs. Maude and Lee to pay 1000I. to the commiffioners as foon as the church is finifhed, to purchafe freehold lands and pay the rents to the minifter for the time being. Power for the commiffioners, with the content of the minifter, to make leafes for 21 years. Commiffioners may appoint officers, Sec. Meetings of the commiffioners. Notice to be given of all meetings. The commiffioners receipts and payments to be entered in books. Appointment of new commiffioners. Limitation of adtions/ General ififue, Publick adt.

CAP. LXXV.

An adt for enlarging the powers of an adt, pafled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An adt for rebuilding the pariffi church of Saint Chad, in the town of Shrewfbury, and county of Salop ; and for providing a new cemetery or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and paflages to the faid church and cemetery; and for raffing a further fum of money for fully effedting the general purpofes in the faid adt mentioned.

29 Geo. 3. c. 31. recited. Truftees. Churchwardens may adt as truftees. The prefent adt to be carried into execution in the fame manner as the former. Additional rate of four pence halfpenny in the pound, diredted to be applied for the purpofes of the former adt. Truftees authorifed to make an alfeffment on houfes, Sec. not rated to the relief of the poor. Rates how to be colledted, and vefted in the truftees. When any rate made, the fame to continue until a new one made. Payment of rates not to entitle any perfon to a fettlement who is not otherwife entitled. Truftees may include the different rates in one affeffinent. Penalties, &c. of the former adt, with refpedt to the recovery of rates, Sec. to extend to the prefent adt. Power to borrow a further fum of fix thoufand pounds, and to mortgage the pews and rates. No preference to be given to the creditors. Enabling the truftees to fell lb much of the lands by them pur-

chaled

Hosted by Google

4*3

1791.3	Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. j6.

chafed as they ftiall find to be unneceflary for the purpofes of the ad:. Deficiency of the funds appropriated for the ufe of the church, Sec. how to be fupplied. Churchwardens, after the expiration of the intereft of the truftees, to pay the rent referved on the leafe from the corporation of Shrewfbury. Truftees may difcharge the expences occafioned by the inhabitants frequenting other churches in Shrewfbury. Truftees not dif-charged from the repairs, &c. of Bidon chapel. Inhabitants may be wit-neffes. Expences of the ad how to be paid. Publick ad.

CAP. LXXVI.

An ad for improving the navigation of the river Oufe, between Newhaven bridge and Lewes bridge, in the county of Suflex ; and for the better draining of the low lands, lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in . the faid county.

Truftees appointed. Truftees may employ or contrad with perfons to widen the river, Sec. Truftees may appoint colledors of the tolls. For every ton of gravel, See. for roads, three-pence. For every ton of dung or manure, Sec. two-pence. And for every ton of all other goods, four-pence. The lands divided into diftrids. Taxes to be railed by the com-miflioners of fewers. Owners and occupiers of lands, howto be afleflfed. Reftridions on reducing the tolls, and the rates on lands. Tolls not to be be reduced fo long as the debt exceeds 6,oool. Truftees may vary the tolls upon gravel, Sec. and exempt any quantity of goods lefs than a ton from tolls. That in cafe the fund fhould prove deficient, a further rate fhall be laid on the land. That no tax fhall be laid on the lands below Newhaven bridge. If no commiffion of fewers, truftees to tax the lands. Tolls and afleflfnents exempted from taxes. If truftees tax the lands, power to compel the payment. To prevent impofitions in charging the tolls. Application of the money arifing by the ad. No tolls to be taken between Lewes bridge and Soutnerham corner; or between Newhaven bridge and Lock Hole. Truftees firft meeting to be on 7th of June, 1791. Truftees to defray their own expences. Truftees may appoint colledors, and a trea-furer; who are to give fecurity. Treafurer, colledors, and other officers, to keep accounts, Truftees may fummon treafurer, colledors, and other officers to account. Officers refuting to account, their goods may be distrained. For want of diftrefs may be committed. Truftees may make bye laws. Bye laws, &c. to be entered in a book. Truftees may appoint a committee. Truftees may fue or be fued in the name of their clerk or treafurer. Subfcription money to be paid. Truftees may be eleded. .Truftees may borrow money on lecurity of the tolls and taxes. Securities may be transferred. In cafe of nonpayment of principal and intereft, mortgagees may receive the tolls and taxes. Truftees may let the tolls under certain reftridions. Truftees to ered a bridge at Southeafe. Truftees may purchafe any right of ferry or paflage over the river. Truftees to maintain banks. Truftees may put down, remove, or lengthen fluices. Sluices to be kept in repair by the land owners, &c. Truftees may purchafe lands. Incapacitated perfons impowered to treat. Truftees may adjuft the proportions of damages to the tenants, Sec. Upon refufal to treat, fheriff or coroner to fummon a jury. If a fufficient number of jurors do not appear, iheriff or coroner to return tales. Juftices to fummon witnefles, and order the jury to view. Jury to aflefs damages. Verdid and judgement to be concluftve. Penalty of 20I. on not returning a jury, and on jurors or witnefles not attending, 40s. Truftees to pay cofts, if jury give larger damages than offered; otherwife owners of lands to pay the fame. Satisfadion being made or tendered, truftees may proceed on the works. The purchafe money for fettled eftates, above twenty pounds, to be laid out for the fame ufes ; and until fuch purchafe to be placed in the funds. Satisfadion for future damages. Where new cuts are made, the truftees may fell the old river. Powers of commiflioners of fewers referved. Manerial rights referved. Mailers ofveflels to give an account of their loading. Penalty on refufal, ios, a ton. Penalty on giving falfe accounts, 20s. a ton. Freight to- be weighed or meafured, in. cafe of any*

difference

Hosted by Google

4J4 Anno regni tricefxmo primo Georgii III. c. 77. [1791.

difference refpeCting the fame. Names of the mafters to be painted on veffels; and numbers of veffels. Veffels may be meafured at the expence of the truftees. Indexes with graduated figures to be fixed on the veffels, denoting their tonnage. Penalty on negleCt, not lefs than 40s. nor more than 5I. Penalty on perfons wilfully placing veffels fo as to obftruCt the navigation, 5s. an hour. Veffels funk-may be weighed by the truftees, at the expence of the owners. Penalty on perfons wilfully injuring banks, fluices, or other works; or throwing rubbifh into the river, not lefs than 40s. nor more than 5I. Penalty on perfons damaging corn, grafs, &c. in towing, not lefs than 40s. nor more than 5I. Penalty on bargemen not keeping their dogs on board the barges, not lefs than 5s. nor more than 20s. Mafters or owners of veffels anfvverable for damages done by their fervants; but may recover from their fervants. Recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. Manner of proceeding for conviClon of offenders. Proceedings not to be vacated for want of form; or removed by certiorari. Diftreis not to be deemed illegal for irregularity. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Perfons giving falfe evidence to be deemed guilty of perjury. Truftees in the commiflion of the peace may aCt as juftices. Truftees not to act if interefted. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick aCt.

CAP. LXXVII.

An aCt for making navigable the rivers Wreak and Eye, from the junction of the faid river Wreak with the intended navigation from Loughborough to Leicefter, at or near a certain place called Turn water Meadow, in the lordfhip of Coflington, to Mill Clofe Homeftead, in the parifh of Melton Mowbray, all in the county of Leicefter.

Certain perfons to be a corporation by the name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicefter Navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicefter,” and may purchafe lands. Power to make the navigation, and new trenches. Setting out towing paths. Towing path to be confined to the top of the banks, properly fecured; and in cafe of damage, fatisfaCtion to be made by the company, and the banks repaired by them. ReftriCtions from building mills, &c. on towing paths, or other places. Proprietors not to injure Mr. Burton’s mill. To prevent the company ereCting any buildings on certain lands of lord Melbourne. No wharf, &c. to be erected by the company on the lands adjoining the cut of deviation from Mr. Reeve’s manfion houie. Surveys and levels have been taken, and a plan and book of reference made. Navigation to be made purluant to the faid plan or book of reference. The prefent line on the plan to be purfued on the line of deviation from Mr. Reeve’s manfion houfe. Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obftruCt the making of the navigation. Land may be entered for making furveys. Bodies politick impowered to fell lands. Where lands are feparated,' lb as to render occupation inconvenient, the remainder to be fold or exchanged, with the confent of the commiflioners. Bodies politick, Sec. indemnified for what they iliall do by virtue of this aCt. Contracts to be inrolled. Where land is fevered by effecting the undertaking, the company may purchafe the whole, or build bridges. For preferving copyhold rights. Gates, bridges, Sec. to be made acrofs the towing path. Jn cafe of negleCt, owners, &c. to make the fame; who fhall be paid their expences by the company. Annual rent to be paid for the haling path. Saving the right of foil of the haling path. Cuts and towing paths to be 20 yards broad. Towing paths to be three yards wide. For preventing trefpaffes on the lands by korfes haling veffels. Towing path to be ufed as a bridle way, Sec. by the occupiers of lands. Commiflioners for fettling differences. Election of new commiflioners. _ Impowering the quarter feflions to nominate commiflioners in cafe furviving commiflioners negleCt, or a fufneient number cannot be found in the neighbourhood. Com* miflioners may aCt as juftices. Commiflioners not to hold places of profit* For appointing fpecial meetings of the commiflioners. Commiflioners may meet at any time. Notice to be given of meetings. Place where the

com-

Hosted by Google

1791.] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 77.

commiflioners meetings fhall be held. Powers of commiflioners to determine differences. Jury maybe fummoned. Jury may be challenged. Value of lands and damages to be diftinguifhed in the verdidts. Penalty on fhe-riffs, Sec. for negledl of their duty, aol. Perfons requefting a jury, to enter into bond to profecute. Commiflioners not to take notice of any complaint till application has been made to the company of proprietors. Perfons giving falfe evidence may be profecuted for perjury. Upon payment, or tender of money, the company may ufe premifes, Verdidts to be recorded. Purchafe-monies paid in truft to be laid out to the fame ufes. For paying off mortgages on lands ufed for the navigation. In default of payment of damages the rates to be liable. If not paid out of the tolls, may be recovered from the company. For recovering annual rents. Punifhing perfons deftroying the works. Penalty on perfons obftrudting the works, not lets than 40s. nor more than 5I. Lands, Sec. purchafed by the company veiled in them. Money and effedts veiled in the company. Company may raife 25,0ool. amonglt themfelves. The fubfeription money to be divided into 250 fliares. A fubferiber of a fhare to be a proprietor and have a vote, and no perfon to have more than ten votes. For fubferibing an additional fum of 5,000k or raifing it'by mortgage of the tolls. Intereft to be paid to fubferibers before works finifhed. No aflignee fhall be deemed a proprietor. For paying the intereft of mortgages. General aflemblies of the proprietors to be twice a year. Committee to be chofen, and officers. Annual appointment of the committee. Meeting of proprietors may be called upon emergencies. Aflemblies to con lift of 50 fnares. Proprietors not meeting to forfeit 5s. for each fhare he poflefles. General af-femblies may audit and fettle accounts. Power in the general aflembly or committee to make calls. Subfcribers to have notice before their lfiares are forfeited. Power in general aflembles to make bye laws. When fubferibers die before their refpedtive fhares are compleated, executors, Sec. to compleat the fame. How fhares may be difpofed of. Shares not to be fold till call compleated. Books to be kept for entering proceedings of the company. Commiflioners accounts to be entered by their clerk. Books to be locked up. Commiflioners clerk may be removed. For all coals carried from the Leicefter navigation to Eye, Kettleby, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, as. 6d. per ton. For all coals carried upon any part of the navigation, and not carried fo far as Eye, Kettleby, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, ad. aq. per ton, per mile. For all iron, timber, and other goods, carried from the Leicefter navigation to Eye, Kettleby, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, 4s. per ton. For all iron, timber, and other goods, carried upon any part of the navigation, 4d. per ton, per mile. For all lime, limeftone, and ftones ufed in building, and materials for roads, to pay one half of the tolls to be taken on coals. Fraction of a mile to be taken as a mile, and fractions in a ton to be taken by quarters. Exemption from tolls. Power of land owners to ufe pleafure boats. For fixing the rates, and afterwards leflening them, if neceflary. For recovery of the rates. Exempting the duties from payment of taxes. Mailers of vefiels to give account of their lading. In cafe of difference concerning the weight of goods, vefiels to be detained, and goods weighed. Navigation to be free on the rates. If fords fpoiled, the company of proprietors to provide methods of pafiage. Millers, on receiving proper notice, are to draw up or fhut down doughs, when neceflary for making the faid navigation. If diflatisfied with recompence commiflioners to determine the fame. Mills to be purchafed by the company, on notice being given by the owners within a limited time. Millers not to draw down the water lower than a certain height. Penalty on malting obftrudlions by placing veflels. Vefiels funk to be weighed forthwith. For preventing damage from floods. Drains to be made into the navigation to convey water. Lords of manors, Sec. may build wharfs on their own lands: but if not done within ia months after notice, the proprietors may build them. Rates of wharfage. Wharfage for coals ad. per ton. For regulating the boatmen. Boat mailer or owner made anfwerable for damages done by the crew. Mafters may recover back from their fervants any fums paid for their fervants negledl. Proper places to be made for boats to turn and lie, in for other boats to pafs. Regulations for veflels palling the locks. To prevent lock keepers

giving

415

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo pritno Georgii III. c.. 78. [1791.'

giving any preference. Penalty on perfons opening lock, wafting water, &c. Rules for mooring veffels. Veffels not to be moored by Mr* Reeve’s houfe. Perfons overloading and obftruding.the paffage of the navigation, to forfeit 5I. Penalty on perfons throwing ballaft into the navigation, 5I. Navigation'not under the power of the commiffioners of fewers. Perfons on board having nets, not being qualified, forfeit 5I. If the Leicefter company make up any deficiency in the income of the Loughborough company, in purfuance of the Leicefter a<5t, this company to reimburfe them a part of it. Preferving rights of lords of manors. Preferving rights of fiffiery. If lands not ufied within a certain time, to be reconveyed. Navigation to be meafured, and ftones fet up, at the option of the proprietors. For recovery of penalties and forfeitures. No convidion to be removed by certiorari, until bond entered into with fureties. Diftrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions; who are to determine the matter in a fummary way. Claufe for compelling fubfcribers to pay the fubfcription money. Limitation of actions. General iffue* Treble cofts. Publick ad.

C A P. LXXVIII.

An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to the feveral parifhes of Ellefmere, Middle, Bafchurch, and Hordley, and to the chapelry or diftrid of Hadnal (otherwife Hadnal Eafe) in the county of Salop.

Certain perfons incorporated by the name of “ The Guardians of the'Poor of the feveral Parifhes of Ellefmere, Middle, Bafchurch, and Hordley, in the County of Salop.” Their firft meeting to be on June 8, 1791. Quarterly meetings. Women to vote by proxy. Guardians and diredors may ad as juftices. Guardians to deliver in their qualifications. Guardians and diredors to defray their own expences. Poor perfons to continue under the government of the churchwardens andoverfeers of their refpedive parifhes until the buildings fhall be compleated. Diredors or officers not to be concerned in any contrad. Chairman of the firft meeting to be appointed, and 15 diredors. Parifhes to make out a lift of guardians, &c.

. to be propofed for diredors to fill up vacancies in the diredion for the two firft years. Parifhes to make out lifts of guardians, Sec. to be propofed for diredors to fill up vacancies in the diredion lor the reft of the years. Churchwardens and overfeers required to call veftries. Perfons poffieffed of real eftates to the amount of 40I. per annum, and being inhabitants and houfeholders of any of the faid parities, may be eleded diredors, if conferring thereto. Licenfed curates may be eleded diredors, if confenting thereto. Diredors to accept the offices within ten days. No perfon to be re-eleded to the office of diredor within three years after his having ferv-ed. Diredors required to take an oath. Guardians to appoint officers, governor, fteward, matron, and clergyman. Securities from officers. Weekly meetings of diredors. Special affemblies may be held. Diredors may contrad for or purchafe lands, buildings, See,' For referving a free rent for lands granted by the lord of any manor. Purchafe money belonging to corporations, Sec. to be laid out in purchafe of other eftates. Lands which fhall be purchafed to be rated as heretofore. Buildings to be fur-niffied. Diredors to have the management of the poor. Part of the ground to be inclofed for a burial place. No ground but what is freehold, &c* to be fet apart for a burial place, or to be ufed till confecrated. Power to apprehend vagrants. Diredors may fend vagrants to their place of fettle-ment. Children taken in to be apprenticed. Children may be difeharged or hired out. Power to borrow 8,oool. and to affign the rates as a fecu-rity. Power to grant annuities. No annuity to be granted for the life of any perfon under the age of 20 years. Annuities to be paid out of rates. Securities transferrable, and to be entered in a book. For making affeff-ments. Churchwardens and overfeers to colled the rates. > In cafes of deficiency, re-alTeffment to be made. For levying the rates. Churchwardens, dc. to account with diredors, and pay money colleded to the trea-furer. On failure whereof, to be committed. Affeffment to be made upon an average of the rates. Churchwardens and overfeers to produce

their

Hosted by Google

17910 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 79.	4

their parifh books, Sec. Perfons who have adted as parifh officers for iz years paft, to produce their books and accounts. If parifh officers omit to produce their books and accour.' s the rates to be made at difcretion.

Parifh officers to affift in the execution of the adt. Penalty on their making default. For appointing conitables. Charity money applied towards relief of the poor to be included in fuch average. Parifh officers may raife money befides the fums requifite for the purpofes of this adt. Money for occafional relief to be retained in the hands of churchwardens. Property of the furniture, See. veiled in diredtors. Punifhment of poor for fpoiling effedts, See. Penalty on perfons buying or receiving furniture, Sec. from the poor, 5I. No bufinefs to be done by diredtors but at meetings. Penalty on diredtors not attending meetings, 40s. If diredtors omit making rates, the rates fixed for the preceding year to be continued, Diredtors may grant certificates. Certificates now in the cuftody, and to be received in future by parifh officers, to be delivered to the clerk. Bonds of indemnity againft baftards to be given to the diredtors. Bye haws may be made. No bye law to be made, altered, or repealed, unlefs feven members are prefent.

Rewards to be given to the induftrious poor. Adi not to extend to the poor in any alms-houfe. Adt not to extend to diftridts within the parifhes liable to maintain their own poor. Charitable gifts to be paid to the trea-furen Benefadtors, or their heirs, Sec. may be eledted guardians." Contracts and proceedings to be entered in books. Allowing inhabitants to in-fpedt books and papers. Poor employed or born in the houfe of induftry, not thereby to'gain a fettlement. Afcertaining the place of fettlement of baftard children. No appeal againft removal without confent of diredtors.

Perfons rated may be witneffes concerning fettlement of paupers. When the profits of the poor's labour fhall be fufficient for their maintenance, rates to ceafe. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal to the quarter feffions. Appeals not to fufpend the payment of rates. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Limitation of adtions. General ilTue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. LXXIX.

An adt for better paving, cleaning, lighting, watching,, and otherwife improving the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcefter, and for better fupplying the faid town with water.

Commiffioners appointed. Commiffioners not to hold anyplace of profit.

Sec. under this adt. Commiffioners to be fworn. Firft meeting of the commiffioners to be June ai, 1791. No adt valid unlefs made at a meeting. Powers of the adt to be exercifed by the majority at meetings, confining of five at leaft. No orders to be revoked, unlefs a greater number prelent than when the fame was made. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Commiffioners to appoint officers. Commiffioners to take fecu-rity from their officers. Officers to account. Pavements, &c. veiled in the commiffioners. Commiffioners impowered to caufe the ftreets to be paved, &c. No perfon to alter the pavement without the confent of the commiffioners. Power to provide lamps. Commiffioners may contract for performing the works. The turnpike truftees not to be exempted, from paving the carriage way of the High Street. Inhabitants to cleanfe the ftreets before their houfes. Scavenger’s duty. Signs, Sec. to be regulated, and encroachments removed. To prevent future projedtionso To prevent annoyances. Penalty on caufing obftrudtions, 5s. Inhabitants not to be fubjedt to a penalty on account of rubbifh occafioned by building. Provifo for holding fairs and markets. Stone horfes not to be fhewn in the ftreets. Houfes may be numbered, Sec. Power to white'wafh the houfes of poof perfons at the expence of the commiffioners. Watchmen to be appointed. Power to get and convey water into the town. Reftric-tions on taking water. Water to be free for the ufe of the inhabitants. Reftridtions relative to conveying water to the town. Surveyors not to enter on private lands, &c. Working of mines not to be hindered. The commiffioners impowered to purchafe and take down houfes for widening the narrow parts of the ftreets. Perfons in pofleffion to deliver up the VOL. XXXVII.	Ee	premifes.

Hosted by Google

4i8

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 80. [1791.

premifes. Money of corporations, Sec. to be re-invelled in the purchafe of other eftates. Rates to be made. Perfons occupying houfes under 5I. one fhilling in the pound, above 5]/ a year, two fhillings in the pound. Alfelfors. Rates may be amended. Tenements not above the value of 40s. a year, and pafture lands, &c. not to be rated. Agreement between landlord and tenant not to be made void. Tenants removing before rates paid. Rates apportioned between occupiers quitting and coming into polfeffion. Recovery of rates. Perfons aggrieved may apply to the faid commiffioners. Commiffioners to determine the limits of the a<5t. Application of the rates. Power for feven commiffioners to borrow money. Power to raile money by annuities. Securities for monies lent may be transferred. Recovery of penalties. Inhabitants may be witneffes. Juf-tices may mitigate penalties. Appeal to the quarter feffions. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble colls. Publick a<5t.

CAP. LXXX.

An ail for paving the footways of certain ftreets within the city of Lincoln ? for cleanling, lighting, and watching the faid ftreets, and other ftreets* lanes, and publick paffages and places within the faid city, and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, and incroachments therein.

Commiffioners. Three to be a quorum to execute the ait. No order made by three commiffioners fhall be revoked by lefs than a majority of feven. Firft meeting of commiffioners to be on 27th of June, 1791. General annual meeting for auditing accounts to be held on the fecond Monday in July. Mayor to have the calling vote. Commiffioners to pay their own expences. Juftices and commiffioners may adminifter oaths. Mayor may appoint a deputy. Provifion for holding meetingvS without the mayor. Parifhes to chufe new commiffioners. If parilhes do not eleit, commiffioners may. Qualification of commiffioners to be polfefled of real eftate in the county or city of Lincoln, of theclear annual value of 15I. or occupier of eight pounds a year in the city of Lincoln. No perfon to be com-miffioner who is cQncerned in any contrail, nor where perfonally intereft-ed. Proceedings previous to conviition for ailing if not qualified to be valid. Aitions to be in the name of the clerk. Clerk to be reimburfed his colls and charges. Proceedings to be entered in books. Treafurer, clerk, collectors, fcavengers, Sec. to be appointed. Officers to give fecu-j'ity, and to account, &c. If they refufe fo to do, commiffioners may bring aitions, or may complain to a juftice. For recovering money and books in cafe of death, bankruptcy, or infolvency of officers, Sec. Commiffioners not to be precluded from filing their officers fureties. To prevent officers taking other fees than are allowed; or be concerned in contrails, Sec. Treafurer to pay all films of money, by order of the commif-iioners, and make entries thereof. Proprietors to pave. If paving not done by the parties, the commiffioners to do it, and recover the expences. Where houfes, Sec. are let in tenements, the goods of any one tenant may be diftrained. The premifes to remain a lecurityin certain cafes, and the expences levied upon the next tenant, or upon the owner, Sec. whofe goods may be followed. Expences to be allowed to the tenants paying. Tenants may recover of the owner, where they fhall have paid more than they owed for rent. To admit other ftreets, on application. For paving the entrance of gateways. Penalty on obftruiling workmen, See. not lefs than 10s. nor more than 40s. Foot pavement not to be altered without confent of commiffioners. For paving before publick buildings. Lamps to be provided, and commiffioners may contrail for lighting them. Con-traitors to be fued for performance, and contrails to be advertifed. Watch houfes, &c. to be provided, and watchmen appointed. Penalty on watchmen negleiting their duty, 5s. Property of lamps veiled in the commiffioners, who are impowered to difpofe of the fame. Penalty on damaging lamps, or watch boxes, for the firft offence, 40s. for the fecond offence, 5I. and for the third, 20I. Penalty on perfons caufing annoyances, not lefs than 5s* nor more than 20s* Signs, &c. to be regulated. Polls maf i	be

Hosted by Google

1791 •] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 81 — 83. 419

be fet up to guard foot pavements. Cellar windows not to be flopped where there is no other way in. Cellar windows not to be left open in the night, penalty 40s. Penalty on builders, &c. for encroaching on the publick ftreets, 20I. Penalty on perfons leaving carriages ftanding in the flreets longer than neceflary; and foddering the cattle, drawing the fame, or fattened thereto, 5s. Foot pavements to be fvvept. Commifiioners may compound with inhabitants for fweeping footways, Sec. Penalty on running wheels, See. on footways, for the firft offence, 5s. for the fecond, ios. and for the third, 20s. Nuifances to be removed. Regulations for empting neceflary-houfes. Commifiioners may appoint fcavengers, who may lodge dirt in flreets, Sec, in vacant places. Perfons may keep dung.

Scc. in their own yards, for their own ufe. Penalty not to extend to rub-bifh occasioned by building, Sec. Rates to be Sixpence in the pound.

Payment of rates where tenants occupy only part of the year, to be proportioned. Commencement of rates, ift of July, 1791. Markets, tythes.

Sec. not chargeable with the rates. Unoccupied lioufes, Sec. not to be rated. Churches and other buildings to be rated by meafure. Rates not to extend to buildings belonging to the city. Rates upon churches to be paid by the churchwarden. Commifiioners may exempt poor perfons from payment of rate. Houfes and buildings not benefited by the a<5t to be exempted from the rates. Adt not to extend to Newport. Thirty pounds to be paid annually by the corporation. Clerk to make entries of rates.

Omiflions in rates to be fupplied by commifiioners. For borrowing five hundred pounds, by mortgage of rates. Application of money raifed.

Interefl of money borrowed to be kept down. Perfons being aggrieved by rates, commifiioners may grant relief; or may appeal to the quarter feffions. Rates may be amended in part. Commifiioners may adt asjufti-ces. Inhabitants may be witnefles. Commifiioners fitting on applications for relief, not to afterwards fit asjuftices upon appeals. General appeal.

Penalty on conftables and peace officers negledting their duty. For recovery of penalties and forfeitures. Juftices may mitigate penalties. Com-miffioners may reward informers. Application of penalties and forfeitures. Time for laying informations, to be within fix months. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Limitation of adtions. General iflue. Treble cofts. Perfons who bring adtions by order of the commifiioners to have double cofts.

The corporation of Lincoln to pay the expences of this adt. Saving ma-nerial rights. Publick adt.

CAP. LXXXI.

An adt for imbanking and draining certain fen lands and low grounds, within the parifhes of Chatteris and Dodington, and hamlet of Wim-blington, in the faid parifh of Dodington, in the ifle of Ely, and county ©f Cambridge; and for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafte lands within the faid hamlet of Wimblington.

CAP. LXXXII.

An adt to continue two adts, made in the fifteenth and thirty-firft years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which fhall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof.—

Continued for 21 years.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An adt for repairing, enlarging, and preferving, the harbour of Swanfea, in the county of Glamorgan.

Appointment of truftees. Firft meeting of truftees to be on 24th of June,

1791. Truftees to defray their own expences, and may adt as juftices. All orders to be made at meetings, by the majority prelent. Truftees may dedt officers, &c. Officers to account under penalties. Adtions to be

E e %	brought.

Hosted by Google

420

Anno regni tricefimo primoGEORGll III. c. 83. [179C

brought. Juftices of the peace to ifiiie warrants of diftrefs, Sec. on refufal of payment, and for want of the means of diftrefs, offenders to be committed. Officers taking any reward, other than their falaries, or interefted in any bargain made by the truftees, are difqualified, or to forfeit iool. Removal of affiftant, &c. Truftees impowered to contract. Truftees to appoint committee of infpedtion. Other truftees to be chofen in cafe of vacancies. Power to improve the harbour, Sec. Making cheek walls. Allowing the water of the floating harbour to be drawn off occafionally. Truftees may appoint a watch. Proper places to be provided for depofit-ing ballaft. Forfeiture for noncompliance with the adt, 5I. Penalty on throwing ballaft into the bay of Swanfea, iol. Refervation of the adt 19 Geo. z. To eredt mooring rings, capfterns. No -fhip to caft anchor in the river. Truftees may fix up lamps. Penalties for breaking lamps, &c. 40s. Tax on (hipping for the purpoies of this adt, ad. per ton. No (hip or vefiel to be cleared out of the cuftom houfe until the duty be paid, under the forfeiture of aol. and alfo all the cuftom and harbour duties. Rates exempt from taxes. Power to leffien or reftore tolls. Powers of the water bailiff and his officers to diredt the mooring, &c. of (hips, Sec. But not to hinder the mooring of fhips near the place of loading or unloading. Refervation of the powers of the water bailiff and layer keeper. Veffels, Sec. damaging piers and works, the commander to make good the fame. Pur-chafing lands for the purpofes of this adt, or paying for damages done thereto. Sheriff to fummon a jury. Penalties on the (heriff and coroners, zo\. jurymen, and perfons fummoned, who (hall make default, 5I. Ex-pences of juries. Perfons requefting a jury to enter into a bond to profe-cute. Purchafe money belonging to incapacitated perfons to be re-inveft-ed. Inhabitants of the feigniories of, Sec. competent witneffes, and to ferve on juries. Satisfadtion for trefpafies in going on land to furvey, See. Upon payment of fums fo afieffed, the truftees may enter upon the lands, or be clear from damages. Truftees to make bye laws. May impofe fines and penalties, not exceeding 40s. each, which fhall be put up in writing. No order, rule, or bye law to be altered without notice. To eredt a pier at The Mumbles. Penalty on putting down the light houfe without proper notice, iool. Veffels, except. Sec. between the Nafs and Worm Head, to pay to pier, &c. one farthing per ton. Truftees may leffen the rate. Places where duties to be paid at. Power of diftrefs for want of payment. Referving the rights of the Trinity Houfe to make, eredt, and fet up beacons. Truftees to borrow fums not exceeding ia,oool. for the purpofes of this adt, by affignment, Sec. Creditors, on defedt of payment, to receive and pofiefs the rates and duties. Power to transfer and affign. No affignment good, unlefs properly entered. Copies of affignments, Sec. figned by thetreafurer or clerk, to be given in evidence. Truftees to fix the price of porterage, but not in exclufion of the powers of the fteward, Sec. The corporation of Swanfea may cut into their own lands, for making, at their own expence, docks, Sec. Gates, bridges, quays, wharfs. Sea baths. Making compenfation with the full confent of the proprietor and owner. May controul their own works and profits. Penalty on perfons obftrudting and deftroying the works, not more than 5I. nor lefs than 403. Application of tolls. Perfons, on refilling the payment of forfeitures, to be committed to the houfe of corredtion, and for want of fufficient diftrefs. Perfons diftraining not to be deemed trefpaffers. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. No fuit to be commenced againlt truftees or officers without fifteen days notice. General iffue. Treble cofts. Truftees to fue and be filed in the name of their treafurer, receiver, or clerk. Rights of the ferry preferved. If fords damaged and deftroyed, adequate accommodation to be fupplied the publick. Royalties and rights of the duke of Beaufort, and the lords of Gower and Cilvey, faved. Rights of the corporation of Swanfea faved. Portreeve of Swanfea to adt as a juf-ticc. Rights of all other perfons, Sec. faved. Expences of this adt to be paid out of the firft monies. Publick adt.

CAP.

Hosted by

Google

421

179r*J Anno regni tricefirno primo Georgii III. c. 84,85. CAP. LXXXIV.

An ad for building a bridge crofs the river Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the counties of Middlefex and Surrey.

1 Hen. 8. c. 9. 39 Eliz. and 13 Geo. 2. c. 25. recited. Commiffioners.

Up on the death or removal of any of the commiffioners, the lord chancellor, See. to appoint others. Firft meeting of the commiffioners to be on June 21, 1791. New bridge to be built. Road over the bridge. Tolls to becolleded: for every horfe, not drawing, id. if drawing, 2d. for every fcore of calves, fheep, Sec, 3d. for every ox or cow, not drawing, one halfpenny; for every ox or cow, drawing, 2d. for every lighter, barge, Sec, except a wherry, paffing under the bridge, 4d. but if not laden, 3d. Exemptions from tolls. No toll to be paid on the day of election for Surrey or Middlefex. Inhabitants of Stanes or Egham not liable to payment of toll. Toll over the bridge to be paid but once a day. Money to be raifed by the ad' veiled in the commiffioners. Commiffioners may cred turnpike and toll houfe on the bridge, and appoint colledors. Tells may be diftrained for upon refufal of payment. To prevent diipofing of tickets to evade thetolls. Tolls may be leafed. New bridge not to be rated higher to the land tax, Sec. than the prefent bridge. A ferry to be provided when the bridge is rebuilding or repairing. Tolls at the ferry to be the fame as at the bridge. Money may be borrowed on bond, or otherwife. Money may be advanced for annuities on lives. Money to be raifed, not to exceed i2,oool. Annuities charged on the tolls. Annuities may be affigned. Expences of the ad to be defrayed out of the firft money advanced. Ap plication of the remainder of the money advanced. Treafurer to be appointed, who is to give fecurity. Commiffioners may contrad for building the bridge and keeping the lame in repair; and may purchafe mefiuages and grounds for building the bridge. Surveyors may dig for gravel and other materials for building the bridge, out of waftes, or out of private grounds, making fatisfadion for the fame. Direding notice to be given to the occupiers of lands before materials are taken for building or repairing the bridge. Meffiuages and lands belonging to incapacitated perfons may be purchafed for the purpofes of the ad. In cafe of refufal to treat, to be fettled by a jury. Purchafes and damages to be paid for out of the tolls or money advanced. Monies belonging to corporations and other incapacitated perfons to be reinvefted. Perfons deftroyinjg or damaging the bridge to be puniffied for a mifdemeanor. Mailers of vtffi-ls made anlwer-able for damages done to the bridge by their crews. Lord chancellor, Sec, to dired how the furplus of the tolls, if any, lhall be aifpoled of. Lord chancellor, Sec, to make orders. Bridge-mailers to account to the commiffioners for money in their hands. Materials of the old bridge to be difpofed of when new bridge is built. Commiffioners to pay money already due forthe repair of the prefent bridge. For preferving the rights of the city of London. Former ads repealed. Commencement of this ad to be on June 20, 1791. Limitation of adions. General ilfue. Double cofts. Publick ad.

CAP. LXXXV.

An ad for making and maintaining a canal or navigable communication from or near a certain place called Abernant, in the county of Glamorgan, to and through a certain place called The Brickfield, , near Melin-crythan Pill, into the river of Neath, near the town of Neath, in the faid county.

Proprietors incorporated by the name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Neath Canal Navigation.” Their powers. For enabling the company of proprietors to make ufe of the bed of the river Neath for the continuing of the faid navigable communication. For laving the rights of fifh-ery in fuch parts of the river Neath as fhall be made navigable by virtue of this ad. Power to make inclined planes, &c. Where carriage roads are injured, Sec. others to be made. Width of the canal and towing paths to

Ee 3	be

Hosted by Google

422

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 85. [1791.

be a6 yards. Corporations, See. impowered to fell land for the pnrpofes of this abt. Mines found in lands purchafed for the canal to belong to the feller. Commiflioners. Expences of jury. Notice of injury to proprie-tors before complaint. Verdicts, &c. to be recorded. Application of the purchafe money belonging to corporations, &c. Commiflioners to fettle proportions to the feveral perfons interefted. Annual rents charged on the rates. Proprietors may raife 25,000b to carry on the work. Money to be divided into 250 lhares, and to be deemed perfonal property. If that fum is not fufficient, more may be raifed by calls upon themfelves. Proprietors to receive 5I. per cent, till the canal is finifhed. Interelt upon mortgages to be paid prior to dividends. Subfcribers to have a vote for every ihare. Firft general afiembly to be on Auguft n, 1791. General affem-blies for chcofing committees. Committee fubjed to controul of general afiembly. Accounts to be kept by committees. General afiemblies to conlift of 125 (hares. Other powers of general afiemblies. Proprietors not anfwering calls, fubjed to a penalty of 5I. each fhare, or forfeiture of their (hares. Shares not forfeited without perfonal notice. Company may remove members of the committee; and make bye laws. On the death of proprietors before (hares compleated, executors may'do it. Shares may be difpofed of. After a call, no ihare to be fold till the money paid. Company to appoint officers. Proceedings of the commiflioners to be entered. Rates: for all iron and other goods (except as after mentioned) 4d. per ton, per mile ; for all iron cartings, 3d. per ton, per mile; for all pig iron, 2d. 2q. per ton, per mile; for all iron rtone, iron ore, coals, charcoal, timber, rtone, bricks, lime, and all kinds of manure, id. 2q. per ton, per mile. Exemption from rates. Recovery of rates. Payment of wharfage for certain articles. Proprietors may alter rates. For afeer-taining amount of profbs. For eftablirtiing a fund for repairs. Mafterof boats to give account of particulars of lading. In cafe of difference concerning weight, colledovs may weigh veficls. Weight of the lading of veflrtls to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Matters accountable for damage done by the crew. Matters to recover back from their fervants fums paid for their defaults. Navigation to be free upon payment of tolls. For fencing off towing paths, and making bridges, Sec. In cafe company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, Sec. land owners may do it at the company’s expence. If bridges, Sec. made by the company are infufficient, land owners may make others. Company may cleanfe the adjoining watercourfe at the land owners expence. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal and collateral cuts. Cuts not to be made without content of owners of land. Breadth of fide cuts 26 yards. Inclined planes may be made on additional cuts. No houfe, Sec. to be injured. Lords of manors and land owners may ereCt warehoufes, Sec. on their lands. If land owners negleCt to make warehoufes, the proprietors may do it. Regulations as to private wharfs. Committee to regulate the navigation. Penalty on perfons overloading and obftruCting the navigation, 5]. Penalty on opening locks, Sec. not more than 5I. nor lefs than 40s. Perfons wilfully deftroying works, guilty of felony. Coal mines not to be worked to prejudice the navigation, &c. Satisfaction to be made for certain quantities of land. Canal not to be under the power of commiflioners of fewers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, Sec. in fame proportion as adjoining lands, &c. Tonnage rates not to be liable to parochial taxes. Aberdulais Forge Weir to be maintained by the'company. A wafte weir to be provided near Aberdulais Forges. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fifhery referved. Penalty on unqualified perfons on board having nets. Owners and occupiers of lands may ufe plea fur e and hufbandry boats free of the rates. Commiflioners to take an oath. Commmifiioners may aCl as juftices. No commiflioner to aCt where interefted, or holding place of profit. Notice of commiflioner meeting. General meeting of commiflioners. Special meeting of the commiflioners. No meeting to determine difputes, Sec, but within ten miles of the canal. To compel payment of fubferiptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal, Limitation of aCtions. General ifiue. Treble cofts. Pubiick aCt,

Hosted by Google

CAP.

I791*] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 89. 423 CAP. LXXXVI.

An aCt for enlarging and extending the powers of the prefent prefcriptive market, within the town and borough of Lewes, in the county of Suf-fex-; and removing the fame to a more convenient place within the faid town and borough, or within the precinCt of the cattle of Lewes afore-faid.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An aCt for the better maintenance and fupport of the poor of the parifh of Sunderland near the Sea, in the county palatine of Durham.

CAP. LXXXVIIX.

An ad for confirming an agreement entered into between the company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferving the navigation of the river Dee, and certain lords of manors and other perfons in-titled to right of common upon the waftes and commons, and the old common fait marlhes, lying on the fouth fide of the faid river, below or to the north-eaft of Greenfield Gate, in the county of Flint, and an award made in confequence thereof.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An adt for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Hereford to the city of Gloucefter, with a collateral cut from the fame to the town of Newent in the county of Gloucefter.

Proprietors incorporated by the name of “ The company of Proprietors of the Herefordthire and Gloucefterlhire Canal Navigation.” For preferving the mill and other waters belonging to William Baker and John Skipp, efquires. Such waters may be ufed by the company whilft thg canal is making. ReftriCtions as to water that flows into the Leadon. The company to have the ufe of all waters for working machines employed in making or repairing canal or works. Power to take water at all times for the ufe of the collateral cut. Levels and furveys have been taken, and a book of reference made, and a map or plan. Canal and cut not to deviate more than ioo yards from the courfe in the plan. Defcribing the line of the canal at Canon Frome. Land owners being omitted in the book of reference, not to obftruCt the making of the canal and cut. Directing the line of the canal through part of the parifh of Bofbury, and the parifh of Ledbury. For continuing the fummit level. Defcribing the line through Upleadon Farm. Width of the canal and towing paths, 14 yards. Corporations, &c. impowered to fell lands for the purpofes of the adt. Small parcels of land not ufed for the canal, to be purchafed by the company of proprietors, if required. Satisfaction to be made in grofs, or by annual rent. Annual rents charged upon the rates, and how to be recovered. For preferving copyhold rights. Commifiioners appointed. Commiflioners names. In what cafes juries to be impannelled. Juries under the fame regulations as in the courts at Weftminfter. Expences of juries how to be paid. Perfons requeiting juries to enter into bond to profecute. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint to commiflioners. Perfons giving falfe evidence may be profecuted for perjury. Satisfaction to be made for damages done in getting materials. Verdicts for value of lands, and money for damages, to be afcertained feparate. Upon payment or tender of monies, proprietors to enter to make canal and collateral cut. Verdicts to be recorded, and land to become veiled in the company. Application of the purchafe money for lands belonging to corporations. Commiflioners to fettle proportions of money to be paid to perfons interelted. For recovery of purchafe money for lands. Proprietors may raife 75,000b to carry on the work. Money to be divided into ihares of 100L each, and to be deemed perlonal eftate. If that fum is not fufficient, more may be raifed by calls upon themfclves. Navigation and rates may be afiigned. Alignments may be transferred. Proprietors to receive 5b per cent, till

E e 4	^	gamd

Hosted by Goog

Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 89. [1791.’

canal is finiffied, Intereft upon mortgages to be paid prior to dividends* Subscribers to have a vote for every fhare by themfelves or proxies. Ge-neral affemblies for choofing committees. Committees iubjedt to controul of general affemblies. Accounts to be be kept by committees. General affemblies to conlifl of 400 fhares, Other powers of general affemblies. Proprietors not anfwering calls fubjebt to a penalty of 5I. each fhare, or forfeiture of their fhare. Shares not forfeited without perfonal notice. Company may remove members of the committee, and make bye laws. On the death of proprietors before fhare completed, executors may do it. Shares may be difpofed of. After a call no fhare to be fold till the money paid. Company to appoint officers. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered. Rates maybe collected. IJpr coal, ad. per ton, per mile; for dung, manure, bricks and ftone, id. per ton, per mile; for corn, grain, and all other goods, except hops and wool, from the commencement of the canal at Hereford, or from the bafon at Ledbury, to the junction of the canal with the river Severn at Gloucefler, 3s. 6d. per ton; for corn, grain, and other goods (except hops and wool) paffing from any other part of the canal to the junction of the canal with the river Severn, ad. aq. per ton, per mile; for corn, grain, hops, wool, and all other goods, not before fp'ecified, 3d. per ton, per mile. Recovery of rates. Further allowance for goods remaining on a wharf above 24 hours. Proprietors may alter the rates. Goods paffing between Hereford and Ledbury, to pay tonnage for half a mile lefs than the actual diftance. Mailer of boats to give account of particulars of lading. Fifty feet of round, or forty feet of fquare oak,, affi, elm, or beach, and fifty feet of fir or deal, and fixty fquare feet of light goods, ffiall be deemed a ton. in cafe of difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh veffels. Weight of the lading of veffels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Power to the proprietors to regulate and fix the price of fmall parcels under weight. Boat mailer accountable for damage done by the crew. Navigation to be free, on payment of rates. No boat under 15 tons to pafs through any lock, without the confent of the company. Veffels with lefs weight of lading than fifteen tons may pafs locks if not water fufficient for fifteen tons. Owners and occupiers of lands may ufe pleafure and other boats on the canal; but not to carry goods or paffengers for hire. For fencing off towing path, making bridges, and providing watering places for cattle, &c. In cafe company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, &c. land owners may do it at the company’s expence. If bridges, &c. made by the company are infufficient, land owners may make others. Land owners aggrieved by the obftruClion of the company’s watercourfes may cleanfe them at the company’s expence. Company may cleanfe the adjoining watercourfes at the land owner’s expence. Lords of manors and land owners may ere warehoufes, Sec. on their lands. Regulations as to private wharfs. Proper places to be made for boats to turn or lie in, for other boats to pafs by. Committee to regulate the navigation. Veffels lying fo as to ohflrubt the navigation to be removed. Perfons overloading and ob-ftru&ing the paffage of the canal to forfeit 5I. Penalty on opening locks and deflroying works, not more than 5I. nor kfs than 40s. Penalty for throwing ballafl into canal, or obflrudling navigation, not exceeding 5I. nor lefs than 40s. Regulations for veffels paffing the locks. Canal not to be under the power of commiffioners of fewers. Lands and tolls exempted from payment of taxes. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to the fifhery preferved. Penalty on perfons'on board having nets, &c. not being qualified. Stones to be eredled every half mile. Proprietors not to begin the canal till 75,000b be fubferibed; and 10 per cent, paid to the treafurer. Coals, See. found in digging the canal may be taken by the proprietors of land. Method of difeovering when mines are working under the canal and collateral cut. Method of getting coal, Sec. under the canal and collateral cut. Mines to be got by the owners, unlefs the company make fatisfinftion. To oblige proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the canal and collateral cut. Not to take water raifed from mines, unlefs the produce of the mines be carried on fome part of the canal or collateral cut. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal and collateral cut, Such cuts not to be made

with-

Hosted by Google

425

1791 •] Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 90.

without content of owners of lands. Where carriage roads are injured, &c. others to be made. Eleftion of new commiffioners. Quarter feffions empowered to nominate commiffioners, in cafe the furvivors negleft, or a fufficient number cannot be found in the neighbourhood. Commiffioners to give notice of their meetings. Commiffioners to be fworn. Commiffioners may aft as juftices. No commiffioner to aft as fuch while he pof-fefles any place of profit, or while he is a proprietor. General meetings of commiffioners. Meetings upon requeft may be fummoned at any time. No meeting to determine difputes, &c. but within five miles of the canal. Security to be taken from the treasurer, Sec. To compel payment of fub-feriptions. For conveying the right, Sec. of lands, in cafe the canal or collateral cut fhall not be completed, or /hall be difufed. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Proceedings not to be quafiied for want of form. Perfons aggrieved by any irregularity in diftrefs, to recover only the fpecial damage. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Limitation of aftions. General iffue. Treble colls, If 75,oool. not fubferibed before 30th June, 1798, the canal not to be made. Publick aft.

CAP. XC.

An aft for paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing, watering, repairing, and keeping in repair, Finfbury Square, in the parifh of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlefex, and part of the manor of Finfbury, and certain other ftreets and places communicating with or near to the faid fquare, and for preventing or removing nuifances and annoyances within the fame.

Truftees to be elefted. Firft meeting of truftees on June 23, 1791. Trustees holding any office under truftees, or being concerned in contrafts, disqualified. Truftees may appoint officers. Not lefs than five truftees to aft. If votes equal, the chairman to have the calling vote. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Truftees in the commiffion of the peace, may aft as juftices, &c. Power of paving, .See. the fquare and ftreets, and of improving and embellifhing the inclofure, veiled in truftees. Power of lighting and watching veiled in truftees, who may put up lamps, ereft watch houfes, boxes, &c. and appoint watchmen, &c. Truftees may caufe the ftreets to be cleanfed and watered. Nothing in the aft fhall alter the inheritance of the.pieafure ground. Materials vetted in truftees. Truftees may contraft for paving, Sec. and fue for penalty in contrafts. Work may be done by contraft. Truftees may compound for penalties. For preventing annoyances. To prevent accidents from leaving vaults open, or laying rubbiffi in the fquare, penalty 40s. Truftees may alter the pofition of the pipes. Water pipes may be repaired in certain cafes. Truftees may repair pavements, Sec. Provifo to compound with water company for '.paving, Sec. Rates, &c. for paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing, and watering the fquare. Occupiers of houfes paying the rates to have the ex-clufive ufe of the inclofure. For untenanted houfes, the owner to pay half rates. Houles partly within and partly without the limits of this aft, to be rated in proportion. Dead walls, unfiniffied buildings, and void ground, to be rated izd. per yard. How premifes within the limits of the aft (which are rated jointly with other premifes) may be feparately rated. Leflees, Sec. fubjeft to rates of houfes let to lodgers. Perfons occupying feparate apartments, liable to pay rates; who may deduft the fame from their rent. Commencement of the rate§ on June 24, 1791. Perfons removing, and others fucceeding them, to pay due proportions, to be fettled by two juftices. Penalty on any perlon, except the fcavenger to be appointed under this aft, collefting dull or allies, 5s. If fuch offender cannot be apprehended, the owner of the horfe or cart employed in carrying away the duft fhall pay the penalty, See. City to pay the amount of the eftimate for gravelling Finfbury Square. Truftees may borrow 4,oool. by annuities; or at interell, if they think fit. Notice to be given previous to railing money. Securities to be entered in books. Arrears of rates how to be recovered. May bring aftions for rates. Treafurer and colleftorto account. Penalty on default 5I. Money paid by the treafurer

to

Hosted by Google

426 Anno regni tricefimo primo Georgii III. c. 91—93. [ 179x.

to be entered in a book. Forextending the powers of this a<5t to certain fpaces of ground* which may hereafter be built upon. Separate accounts of the optional ftreets to be kept. For making compenfation to the pariih of St. Luke. Such yearly payments howto be recovered. Rate books to be admitted as evidence. Cofts of this ad; to be paid out of money raifed by this ad. Recovery and application of penalties. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form, Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form; or be removed by certiorari. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to trustees, and if diflatisfied, to the quarter feftions. Repealing the former ads, • fo far as they relate to Finfbury Square, &c. Limitation of adions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick ad.

CAP. XCI.

An ad for draining and dividing a certain moor or trad of wafte land called King's Sedgmoor in the county of Somerfet.

King’s Sedgmoor contains 18,000 acres. Moor to be drained and divided. Commiftioners appointed. Commiftioners dying, &c. new ones to be appointed. If parties refute to appoint new commiftioners, the commiftioners themfelves to do it. Notice of the commiftioners meeting. Regulations for commiftioners meeting. Commiftioners oaths. Clerk to the commiffioners. Survey to be made before Od. 1, 1791. Limits of the moor ascertained. Draining powers. Satisfadion for damages done to private property. Satisfadion to bodies corporate, &c. to be laid out in lands, Sec. Claim to be delivered in at the firft and fecond meeting. Claims ob-jeded to may be determined by trial at the aflizes. Claims not objeded to to be final. Notice to be given of trial, and allotments fufpended. Perfons negleding to proceed to trial at the firft aflizes after objedion, the commiftioners to proceed to the divifion. Power to fummon witnefles. Witnefies giving falfe evidence to be guilty of perjury. Commiftioners to allot to parifhes having rights. Allotments to parifhes to be contiguous. Villages of Dunwear, See. to be confidered parifhes. Fences by ditches. Commiftioners to fet out roads, &c. Commiftioners to appoint Surveyors for putting roads in repair. Pariih roads, See. to be repaired as heretofore. For defraying the expence of repairing works. Commiftioners to make an award of the boundaries, &c. of the faid moor, within three years after pafting the ad, which is to be inrolled with the clerk of the peace for the county of Somerfet, and in one of the courts of record at Weftrpinfter. Allotments to be in lieu of former rights. Paying expences of this ad out of the money raifed thereby. Proportioning expences, and mode of railing the fame. If lands fet out for fale prove infufficient, power to fet apart other lands. Overplus monies to be laid out in improvements. Allowance to commiftioners. For enabling commiftioners to borrow money. For afligning fecurities. Commiftioners to account. Perfons deftroying the works, Sec. may be profecuted for felony. When drainage complete, to be under commiftioners of fewers. Ad of 10 & 11 Will. 3. relating to Sedgmoor, repealed. Lords of manors may make bye laws. Appeal. Saving the rights of lords of manors. General faving. Publick ad.

CAP. XCII.

An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing a certain large open trad of land, within the manor of Holy Iftand, in the county palatine of Durham ; and for extinguifhing the right of common upon the ancient infield lands within the faid iftand.

CAP. XC1XI.

An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadow ground, half years land, common fens, and wafte lands within the parifh of Anwick, in the county of Lincoln; and for embanking and draining the faid common fens, and certain inclofed low lands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds, in or near the townftiip of North Kyme, in the faid county.

AN

Hosted by

Google

A N

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

T O T H E

SECOND PART of the XXXVIIth VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE}

Palled in the thirty-firft Year of the Reign of King George III.; in the Year of our Lord, one thoufand ieven hundred and ninety-one, being the firft Sefiion of the feventeenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the fifth Day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, and ended by Prorogation on the tenth Day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

A.

Accounts, Vublick.

4,237/. 45. id. for contingences due from the office for auditing pub-lick accounts. Chap. 41.

Addreffes by the Houfe of Commons.

67,948/. 125. 10d. granted to make good the fame. Chap. 41.

Africa.

13,000/. for forts in Africa. Chap.

41.

Ale and Beer.

See Scotland. Chap. 82.

Algiers.

6,762/. 19X. to the fons of the late bey of Algiers. Chap. 41.

Allowances.

See Wine Licence Office* Chap. 28.

America.

1.	A6ts 23 Geo. 3. c. 39. and 24 Geo. 3. c. 45. fo far as relates to the commerce between England and the united ftates of America, continued until April 5, 1792. Chap. 12.

2.	Articles from any place bordering on the Baltic, which may be exported to England, if exported contrary to law, and goods imported from the united ftates of America, not permitted by law, to be forfeited with the (hip, &c. Chap. 12.

3.	During the continuance of a£ts 27 Geo. 3. c. 27. and 30 Geo, 3. c. 29. the articles enumerated may be imported from any part of America, belonging to any foreign £/z-r ope an fovereign, in any of the forts mentioned in the faid adls; and the articles mentioned in this a£fc may be exported from the faid forts, under certain reftri&ions. Same a<ft, f. 7.

4.	3,600/. iffued to the fecretary of the commiffioners for inquiring into the Ioffes of American loyalifts. Chap. 41.

5.	24,000/*

Hosted by Google

428 AJf

5.	24,000/. to the commiffioners for inquiring into the Ioffes of American loyalifts. Chap. 41.

American Sufferers.

31,000/. for relief of American fuf-ferers, and 1,271/. 175. for payment of fees at the exchequer; Chap. 41.

Anwicky Lincolnfhire.

See Inclofures. Chap. 93.

Appeals.

See Wool and Worjled Tarn. Chap.

56.	f. 28. See Canals^ Navigable. Chap. 59. See Churches. Chap. 73.

Appropriation

Of the fupplies granted for the year 1791. Chap. 41.

Armament.

1.	64,000/. granted towards the ex-pences of the late armament. Chap. 41.

2.	41,000/. towards the expences of provifions for the troops in the Eaji and Weft Indies on account of the late armament. Same adt.

Army.

See Land Forces. Chap. 41.

Arun River.

See RiverSy Navigable. Chap. 66.

Affeffment.

1.	An additional duty of 10/. per cent. upon every affeffment made after April 5,1791, of the rates and duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, except the land tax and the

Ber

duty on houfes by 24 Geo.3.c.38. Chap. 5.

2.	The laid additional duty to be paid for the half year ending April 5, 1791. Same adt, f. 2.

B.

Bahama IJlands.

4,180/. for the Bahama iflands*

Chap. 41.

Bank of England.

1.	To pay 12,000/. a year in lieu of ftamp duty, for all notes and bills iffued by the governor and company of the bank of England. Chap. 25. f. 5.

2.	The bank to pay into the exchequer on July 1, 1791, 500,000/. to be carried to the confolidated fund. Chap..33.

3.	Whenever the money remaining in the bank for payment of dividends, exclufive of the fums iffued on account of thofe due the preceding quarter, (hall be lefs than

600,000	/. the deficiency to be made up immediately out of the faid 500,0001. Same adt, f. 2.

4.	The bank to be paid for the management of the publick debt at the rate of 450/. per am. for each million of the capital. Same adt,

Bafchurchy Shropfhire.

See Poor. Chap. 78.

Bengal.

See India (Eajt) Company. Chap. 40.

Bermondfeyy Surrey.

See Poor. Chap. 19,

Bermuda,

Hosted by Google

Bre

Bermuda, or Somers IJlands.

580L to the chief juftice there. Chap. 41.

Bills of Exchange.

See Stamps. Chap. 25.

Birmingham.

See Canals■, Navigable. Chap. 59;

Bolton, Lancafhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 68.

Bordejley, Warwickfhire.

See Deretend. Chap. 17.

Brandy.

Additional duty on Tingle brandy imported gallon - oj. ioi. Brandy above proofgall. 1	8

Chap. 1.

Breton, Cape.

2,100/. for Breton in America. Chap. 41.

Brewers.

Common brewers, who brew to fell or tap out publickly or privately, to have the following additional allowances, viz.

In London, or bills of mortality, on beer above 6 J. valuebarrel -	08

Out of the bills of mortality o 10 In England and /%/# on beer of 6;. per barrel, or under -	-	02

In the bills of mortality on table beer above 6s. and under 11 s. per barrel 0	4

Out of the bills of mortality 0 4J

Can	429

d.

In Scotland above 6 s. per barrel -	-	°	5

Upon two-penny ale per barrel -	- O 3

And beer under 6s. per ditto o if To be paid in four months after payment of the malt duties charged thereon. Chap. 2. f. 6.

Bridewell.

See Edinburgh. Chap. 57.

Bridges.

X. For building a bridge near the ferry over the river Oufe, from Selby in the weft riding of Torkjhire, to the oppofite fhore in the parifti of Hemingborougb in the eaft riding of the fame county. Chap. 60.

2.	The like acrofs the river Thames, from Stanes to Egham in the counties of Middlefex and Surrey. Chap. 84.

Bull Alley.

See Paving. Chap. 61.

Bury, Lancafhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 68.

c.

Calt on Hill.

E E Edinburgh. Chap. 57.

Canada.

See Quebec. Chap. 31.

766/. 165, 6 d. to reimburfe Mr. Davifon for 500 cafks of hempfeed fent to Canada. Chap. 41.

Canals, Navigable.

I.	For making a navigable canal from Birmingham to communicate

with

Hosted by CjOCK^Ic

43©	Car

with the river Severn near Woruf-ter. Chap. 59.

2.	For making a navigable communication between the Loughborough canal and the town of Leicefier, and for making a communication by railways or (tone roads and water levels from feveral places and mines to the faid canal, and for continuing the fame, by palling along the faid canal, to the faid navigable communication. Chap. 65.

3.	To enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation to borrow a further fum of money to complete the faid navigation. Chap. 57.

4.	For making a navigable canal from Manchefier near Prefto-lee~ Bridge, in the townfhip of Little Lever, and from thence by one branch to the town of Bolton, and by another to the town of Bury and to Waddell Brookm the parifh of Bury\ all in Lancajhire. Chap. 68.

5.	The like from Kington, in the county of Hereford, through Leo-niinjler to join the river Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the county of Worcefier. Chap. 69.

6.	For making a canal or navigable communication from Abernant, in the county of Glamorgan, to a place called The Brickfield, near Melinery-than Billy into the river Neath, near the town of Neath, in the faid county. Chap. 85.

7.	For making a navigable canal from the city of Hereford to the city of Gloucefier, with a collateral cut from the fame to the town of Newenty in the county of Gloucefier. Chap. 89.

Carlton Houfe.

3,500/. for mafons> work there.

Chap. 41.

Carolina, North.

2,018/. 19;. 2d. arrear of falary due

Cla

to Gabriel Johnfiony governor of North Carolina. Chap. 41.

Catwater.

2,000/. for fecuring the harbour of Catwater and Sutton Pool. Chap. 41.

Chatteris, Cambridgefhire.

See Inclofures. Chap. 81.

Chichefiery City of

A£f 18 Eliz. c. 19. for paving the city of Ckichefier repealed. Chap. 63.

See Paving. Same a£h

Chirky Denbighfhire.

See Poor. Chap. 24*

Chrift Churchy Surrey.

See Paving. Chap. 61.

Churches.

1.	For rebuilding the parifh church of ^// Saints in Southampton, and for purchafing land fora churchyard. Chap. 71.

2.	For repairing the parifh church of Saffron Walden \x\ EJJex. Chap.73.

3.	For building a new church in the town of Wakefeldy in the weft riding of the county of Torky and for providing a proper burial ground,, and making provilion for a mini* fter to officiate there. Chap. 74.

4.	For enlarging the powers of a& 29 Geo. 3. c, 31. “ For rebuilding the parijh church of Saint Chad, in Shrewfbury,” and for raifing a further fum of money for the purpofes in the faid a£t mentioned. Chap.

75-

Clarencey Duke of.

See Kingy §>ueen and Royal Family. Chap. 34,

34,210/.

Hosted by Google

Con

34,2io/. 5 s. iflued out of the civil

lift to the duke of Clarence. Chap. 41.

Coaches.

See Jffejfment. Chap. 5.

Coals.

1.	No keel,&c. ufed for the carriage

* of coals in the port of Neweajlle upon Tyney hc. to be altered without being re-admeafured previous to being ufed, on penalty of forfeiture. Chap. 36.

2.	Owners of keels, &c. fo altered to give notice to the commiflioners appointed by 6 & 7 W. 3. c. 10. Same adt, f. 2.

3.	The contents of keels, &c. whofe marks have been accidentally removed after being loaded, may be unloaded, and 5/. penalty on removing marks put upon keels, he. Same adt. f. 4.

Coin.

1.	1,565/. 3*. for profecuting offenders againft the coin laws. Chap.41.

2.	12,016/. i8r. 727. for the extraordinary expences of the mint in 1790. Same act.

Commiffioners.

See Land Tax. Chap. 14.

Convitts.

1.	41,716/. 10;. yd. iflued to Duncan Campbell, efq$ for convidts on the river Thames. Chap. 41.

2.	10,849/. is. 6d. iflued to Henry Bradley, efq; for convidts at Plymouth. Same adt.

Confolidated Fund.

See Bank of England. Chap. 33.

3,675,000/. granted out of the

Confolidated Fundy applied by wthe

Cor	431

appropriation adt for the fervice of the prefent year. Chap. 41.

Cordage.

Act 6 Geo. 3, c. 45. fo far as relates to granting a bounty on exportation of Britiflo made cordage, which was revived by 26 Geo.3. c, 85. continued for four years. Chap. 43,

Corn and Grain.

1.	Adt 1 Geo. 3. c. 30. as much as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and 30 Geo. 3. c. 42. continued until June 10,1791. Chap. 4.

2.	If the exportation of wheat, he. from Great Britain fhall be prohibited by the above adts, the King, in council, may permit the exportation of fuch quantities to fuch places belonging to his Majefty, as have been allowed by any adt of parliament, and to Newfoundland and the Wejl Indies. Same adt, f. 2.

3.	When the exportation of corn, &c. on which bounties have been payable, fhall be permitted, and the prices fhall not exceed thofe upon which bounties have been allowed, the King, in council, may order the fame bounties, as would be allowed if the corn, &c. were exported under any adt in force. Same adt, f. 3.

4.	Adts 7 Jac. 2. c. 19. — iW.&M. c. 12. —5 Geo. 2. c. 12.—10 Geo. 3. c.39. — 13 Geo. 3.c.43.—21 Geo. 3. c.50. and 29 Geo.3. c.58. repealed, and all other acts relating to the importation and exportation of wheat, he. except fuch as relate to malt and the exportation thereof. Chap. 30.

5.	Adt 15 Car. 2. c. 7. fo far as prohibits the buying corn to fell again, and laying it up in granaries, repealed. Same adt, f* 2.

6.	When

Hosted by GoOglC

432	Cor

6.	When middling Britijh wheat, &c. (hall be under the prices fpe-cified in table A. the bounties therein mentioned to be paid on exportation. Chap. 30. f. 3.

7.	Oath to be made that bifcuit for exportation is made of Britijh wheat, and bond to be given for the due exportation of corn. Same ad, f. 5-

8.	When middling Britijh wheat, &c. fhall be above the prices fpe-cified in table B. no corn, &c. except ft arch, to be exported. Same ad, f. 7.

g. Corn, &c. exported contrary to this ad, to be forfeited, with the veffel, &c. but if fatisfadory proof of a fmall quantity without the privity of the owner or mafter, the veffel not to be forfeited. Same ad, f. 8.

10.	Corn, &c. begun to be fhipped outwards, or within 20 days from the entry, may be exported, though the prices fhould alter in the mean time. Same ad, f. 10.

11.	This ad not to extend to corn, &c. for the fuftenance of the crew of any veffel, or for vidualling fhips of war, or garrifons, or to beans exported to the Britijh forts in Africa, or carried coaftwife upon fufferance, or to the quantity permitted to be exported to certain places mentioned in table C. Same ad, f. 10.

12.	Bond to be given for the due exportation of corn, &c. to the places mentioned in table C. or for his Majefty’s forces. Same ad, f. 11.

13.	Inhabitants of Guernfey, &c. may tranfport to Newfoundland, &c. for the ufe of the fifhery wheat, &c. allowed to be imported into thofe iflands by 9 Geo. 3. c. 28. Same ad, f. 12.

14.	Corn, &c. may be exported to Ireland during an embargo on the exportation from that kingdom, under certain regulations. Same ad, f. 13.

Cor

15.	In cafes of war, &c. the King, in council, when parliament is not fitting, may allow certain quantities of corn, &c. to be exported in addition to the quantity fpecified in table C. Same ad, f. 14.

16.	The duties on wheat, &c. imported, regulated according to the prices in table D. and no corn ground, except wheat-meal, &c. nor any malt to be imported, on forfeiture, with the veffel, &c. Same ad, f. 15.

17.	When wheat, &c. is importable into Ireland at the prices and duties in table £. the duties on the importation from Ireland, Quebec, &c. to be regulated according to the prices in table E. Same ad, f. 16.

18.	On the importation of corn, as the growth of Ireland, Quebec, &c. the mafter to bring a certificate from the officer of the port of fhipping, expreffing the quantity, &c. Same ad, f. 17.

19.	Wheat, &c. imported, may be landed without payment of duty, and warehoufed, under certain regulations. Same ad, f. 19.

20.	Foreign corn, &c. imported, and not warehoufed, or delivered from warehoufes for home confumption, not to be exported from any port, when Britijh corn is not permitted to be exported. Same ad, f. 20.

21.	No corn, &c. to be carried coaftwife from any port, where the exportation is not allowed at the time of (hipping, and landed at any port from whence the fame may be exported. Same ad, f. 21.

22.	No debenture for bounty on corn,&c. (hipped where it may be imported at the low duties. Same ad, f. 22.

23.	Bond to be given that corn, &c. fhipped coaftwife, at any port from whence exportation is not allowed, fhall not be landed at any port where it is. Same ad, f. 23.

24.	If corn,&c. brought coaftwife, was

fhipped

Hosted by Google

Cor

(hipped when the exportation was prohibited at the port of lading, it may be landed at any port where the exportation is allowed. Chap.

30.	f. 24.

25* VefTels with foreign corn, See. arriving at ports where the high duties are payable, or where importation is prohibited, may go to ports where the fame may be imported on the low duties. Same at, f« 25.

26.	Foreign corn, See. may be conveyed through the Forth and Clyde canal to any port on the weft or eaft coaft of Scotland, on payment of the low duties, fubjet to regulations, and fecurity to be given within three days after unfhipping foreign corn to be conveyed through the canal. Same at, f. 26.

27.	The maritime counties of England to be divided into twelve di-ftrits, and Scotland into four di-ftrits. Same at, f.31.

28.	The exportation and importation of corn, Sic. and the payment of duty on foreign corn regulated, in London, Kent, Efficx and Suffix, by the prices at the corn exchange, and the proprietors thereof are to appoint an infpetorof corn returns, and provide him an office, and in cafe of fteknefs a deputy infpetor may be appointed. Same at, f.34.

29.	Factors to make weekly returns to the infpetor of corn. Sic. fold, on penalty of 10/. Same at, f.39.

30.	Infpetor to make up weekly accounts of corn, &c. fold, and tranf-mit the average prices to the receiver of corn returns, who is to fend a certificate thereof to the collectors of the euftoms of the ports of London, EJfex, Rent and Suffiex. Same act, f. 41.

31.	Infpetor is four times a year to make up accounts, and tranfmit the average prices of corn, Sic. to the receiver of corn returns, who is to fend a certificate thereof to Vot. XXXVII,

Cor	433

the collectors of the ports of Lon-' don, Effiex, Kent and Suffiex ; and the infpector is to deliver a copy of the average prices at the feffions for London, to be inferted in the Gazette. Same act, f. 42.

32.	Fators to pay to the infpetor for Britijh corn brought into the river Thames eaft ward of London bridge and fold, one penny per laft, and for foreign corn two pence, and to deliver an account of the quantity. Same at, f. 44.

33.	Infpetor to deliver, twice a year, an account of money received by him to the lord mayor, &c. who may order him to retain any fum not exceeding 200/. Same at,

f.45.

34.	The exportation and importation of corn. Sic. and the payment of duty on foreign corn for the eleven other diftrits in England regulated, and the juftices at the quarter feffions to appoint infpetors. Same at, L 47.

35.	Dealers in corn for fale to return to the infpetors accounts of the quantities bought by them in each week, and the infpetors to return to the receiver of corn returns weekly an account of the quantities and prices of the corn fold. Same at, f. 52.

36.	Receiver of corn returns to make up accounts of the aggregate quantities and prices of Britijh corn and oatmeal fold in each diftrit weekly, and tranfmit the average prices to the colletors of the euftoms, as the guide for exportation; and alfo make up accounts four times a year, and tranfmit the average prices to the colletors of the cu-ftoms, as a rule for importation. Same at, f. 55.

37.	Importation and exportation of corn to be regulated in Scotland by the prices fixed by the theriff of each county and a jury, and an account to be tranfmhted to the

F f	receiver

Hosted by Google

434	Cor

receiver of corn returns at London of the pfices, which are to be fixed by the meafures and weights uled itl each county, and depofitions of witneffes touching the prices to be preferved as records. Chap. 30.

*• 57-

38.	I he fheriff may compel evidence to attend, and 20/. penally on Sheriffs not eaufing the prices to be fixed. Same adt,T 58.

39.	The receiver of corn returns is monthly to make up accounts of the weekly prices of corn in each diftridl in Scotland, and to tranfmit the average prices of the laft month to the collectors of the cuftoms in Scotland, as the guide for exportation, -&c. and alfo to make up accounts four times a year, and tranfmit the average prices of corn and oatmeal for the laft fix weeks to the colledfors of the cuftoms, as the rule for importation,&c. Same a Cl, f. 60.

40.	Accounts of the prices of corn to be taken at feveral inland towns mentioned in this a<51,. and infped-ors appointed, who are to tranfmit to the receiver of corn returns a weekly account of the average prices of corn and oatmeal fold in their diftrids, on penalty of 10/♦ Same act, f. 62.

41.	Receiver of corn returns to.caufe an abllracl of the average prices to be inferred in the Gazette weekly, and tranfmit certificates of the returns received four times a year to the county treafurer, &c. Same adl, f. 66.

42.	Places for taking the prices of corn, &Cb may be changed with tlae approbation of the King, in council. Same ad, f. 67.

43.	Returns from two thirds of the places in each diftridt to be luf-ficient for forming the average prices, and the average prices of the diftridls which have fent returns to be tranfmitted, as the

. Cor

guide for importation in the diftridls from which fufficient returns have not been received. Same adt, f. 58.

44.	When parliament is not fitting, if the average price of any fort of corn, &e. ihould be higher than that at which the fame fort of foreign corn may be imported on low duties in table D. the King, in council, may prohibit the exportation, but not to extend to foreign corn imported and -warehoufech Same adl, f. 70.

45.	The King, in council, may permit the carrying coaftwife, &c. of corn, when the exportation is prohibited on account of the prices being at or above the prices in table B. and copies of orders of council to be laid before parliament. Same adl, f. 72.

46.	Infpedlors in England, to be paid out of the county rates, and fheriffs in Scotland out of the publick rate or fefs. Same ad, f. 74. ;

47.	Receiver of corn returns to tranfmit, at the end of every year* a certificate of the number of returns he has received to the receiver general of the cuftoms in England Scotland, who are to repay the money advanced by the county trea-fufers. Same ad, f. 75.

48.	Treafury to appoint a receiver of corn returns, who may fend and receive all papers, letters, &c. on the bufinefs of this ad, free of poll age. Same adl,. f. 79.

49.	Colledors of the cuftoms to fend weekly accounts of the corn, &c. to be carried or brought coaftwife, to the receiver of corn returns, who is every three months to tranfmit an account thereof to the commif-fioners . of cuftoms. Same adl, f. 80.

50^ Treafury to order an annual account to be tranfmitted from the cuftoms to the receiver of corn re-

. .turns., of the corn exported and

imported,

Hosted by Google

Cor

imported, and all bounties and duties paid. Chap. 30. f. 81.

51.	All corn to be meafured by the Winch eft er bufhel, and if fold by weight, fubjed to the regulations of this ad. Same ad, f. 82.

52.	Infpedor of corn returns to make a comparifon between the Wincbef-ter rpeafure and that ufed where he is infpedor. Same ad, f. 83.

53.	The prefent pradice of measuring corn within London to continue, and the tolls to be paid. Same ad, f. 84.

54.	All ads in force for fecuring the reveriue to extend to this ad, and no fee to be taken for oaths. Same ad, f. 85.

55.	All penalties under this ad, incurred by fadors or dealers in corn, may be recovered before two ju-ftices, and their determination final. Same ad, f. 87.

56- When infpedors are appointed in England, and returns made from Scotland, (he authority to make returns under 10 Geo. 3. c. 39. to ceafe, and the receiver of corn returns to continue to infert in the Gazette the weekly average prices of corn, until Nov. 15, 1791. Same ad, f. 90.

57.	Duties under this ad on importation, and bounties on exportation, to commence Nov. 15,1791. Same ad, f. 90.

58.	Ad 30 Geo. 3. c. 1. as far as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and ad 30 Geo.3. c. 42. to continue in force until Nov. 15, 1791. Same ad, f. 91.

59.	Before Nov. 15, 1791, if the exportation of wheat, Sic. (hould be prohibited, the King, in council, may authorife the exportation of the quantities hitherto allowed to any place belonging to his Majefty, &c. and may order bounties to be paid on exportation, whenever they would be allowed under any

Cuf	435

ad now in force. Same ad, f. 92.

60.	Malt, made or declared for exportation, on or before June 16, 1791, may be exported. Same ad, f. 94.

Correflion, Houfe of.

See Edinburgh. Chap. 57*

Cofts, Double.

See Pilchards. Chap. 45. See Oy-fters. Chap. 51. See Paving. Chap. 80. See Bridges. Chap. 84.

Cofts, Treble.

See Deretend. Chap. 17. See Gaols. Chap. 22.46. See Game. Chap. 21. See Poor. Chap. 24. 72. 78/ See Stamps. Chap. 25. See Corn and Grain. Chap. 30. See Houfes of Cor -reflion. Chap. 46. See Sierra Leone Company. Chap. 55. See Wool and Worfted Yarn. Chap.56. See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 59. 68. 69. 85. 89. See Paving. Chap. 61.62.63.64. 70. 79. 89. 90. See Rivers, Navigable• Chap. 66.76.77. See Churches.Chap.

71.	73. See Harbours. Chap, $3,

Cottingham, Yorkfhire.

See Inclofures. Chap. 20.

Crape.

See Silk. Chap. 37.

Cumberland, Duke of.

1,546/. js. lod. for annuity to the late duke of Cumberland. Chap. 41.

Cuftoms.

1.	On tanned goat (kins imported, an additional duty of 15;. per dozen0 Chap. 27.

2.	A drawback of the faid duty on exportation. Same ad, f. 3.

F f z	3,	Tan-

Hosted by Google

436	Edi

3.	Tanned goat (kins imported fince June 1, 1791, but not entered, liable to the additional duty. Chap. 27, r. 4.

Cutlers, Company of, in

For regulating the company of cutlers within the liberty of Hallam-Jhire, in the county of Tcrky and within fix miles of the faid liberty, and their journeymen and apprentices. Chap. 58.

d.

Deal, Kent,

jg E E Paving, Chap. 64,

Dee, River.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 88,

Dereiend, Warwickfliire.

For cleanfihg, lighting and watching, and levelling the furfaces of the ftreets, &c. within the hamlets of Dereiend 'and Bor de [ley, in Warwick-fhire, and for removing nuifances,&c. and regulating carts, &c. Chap. 17.

Dodington, Cambridgefhire,

See Inclofures. Cftapi 81.

Dominica.

600/. to the chief juftice there. Chap. 41.

Dudley, Worcejlerjhire.

See Paving. Chap. 79.

E.

Edinburgh.

COMMISSIONERS, appointed for building a bridewell and cor-

Exc

region houfe on the Colton HiU near

Edinburgh, and feparate apartments

to be provided for male and female

prifoners. Chap. 57.

Egham, Surrey.

See Bridges. Chap. 84.

Egremont, Earl of.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 66.

Ellenfoot.

See Harbours. Chap. 23.

Ellefmere, Shropfhire.

See Poor. Chap. 78*

Exchequer Bills.

1.	The treafury empowered to raife 3*675,000/. by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the consolidated fund. Chap. 41.

2.	3,500,000/. granted to pay off exchequer bills for the year 1790. Same act.

3.	2,000,000 /. more for the fame year. Same ad.

4.	i,coo,ooo I. more for the fame year. Same ad.

5.	3,500,000/. to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year 1791. Chap. 48.

6.	1,833,000/. to be raifed by loans or exchequer bills, for defraying the publickexpences occafioned by the augmentation of forces in the year 1790. Chap. 49.

7.	2,000,000/. to beraifed by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year 1791. Chap. 50.

Excife.

Additional duties of excife, viz.

1.	Wort made in England from malt* &c. for extrading fpirits for home

con-

Hosted by Google

Fif

s.	d.

consumption, per gallon	o i

Cyder or wadi from other Bri-tijb materials,except as mentioned above, per gallon	o i

Wort from molafTes or fugar, per gallon -	-	o

Wafh from foreign wine, &c.

per gallon -	-	02

For every 96 gallons of wafh produced by George Bijhop, from not more than 112 pounds weight of corn	2 8J

.Spirits not exceeding one to ten over hydrometer proof, made in Scotland and imported into England, per gallon -	05^

Chap. 1.

2.	Ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. impofing duties of excife on wafh brewed in England for extrading fpirits for home confumption, continued un-tWJuly 5, 1793. Same ad, f. 8.

s.	d.

3.	On goat fkins tanned with

fhomack in Great Britain, per dozen	-	-	40

Or. fheep fkins tanned for roans, per dozen -	-	23

Chap. 27.

Eye River, Leicejlerfhire.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 77*

F.

Finjbury Square, Middleja.

g E E Raving. Chap. 90.

Fifh and Fijhery.

I.	Ad 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. for the encouragement of the Greenland fifh-ery, and fo much of 29 Geo. 3. c. 53. as relates to fifhing in the Greenland Teas and Davids Sir eights, continued until Dec. 25, 1792. Chap. 43.

Gao	437

2k Harpooners and mariners in the

Greenland fifhery not to be im-prefled. Same ad.

Florida, Eafl.

1.	231,533/. 8;. 7d. iq. for fufferers by Ioffes'occafloned by the ceflion of Eaft Florida to Spain. Chap.41.

2.	92,590/. 175. .6^ for the like pur-pofe. Same ad.

3.	5,100/. to commiflloners for enquiring into Ioffes in Eoji Florida. Same ad.

G.

Game.

/. 5 .

AN additional duty on certificates to kill game,

&c.	-	1	1	o

For a gamekeeper - o 10 & Duties to be under cbmmiflipners of damps. Chap. 21*.

Gaols.

I.	For building a gaol and feflions houfe for the county of Surrey. Chap. 22

See Houfe s of Cor red! ion. Chap. 46.

2.	Gaolers to feparate perfons under fentence of tranfportation from other prifoners, except felons, and to report to the grand jury the in-fufficiency of gaols not affording the means of reparation, according to 24 Geo. 3. c. 54. Chap. 46. f.io.

3.	Juftices may provide materials, fet prifoners to work, and may order afliftance out of the county rates to prifoners who cannot work. Same ad? f. 12.

4.	Juftices, in feflion, to fettle a table of fees for gaolers, and may grant falaries where emoluments are di-minifhed, and no regulation of fees affeding the (heriff to take F f 3	place

Hosted by Google

43®	&re	Hot

place during his continuance in of*	Gunpowder*

fice, unlefs confented to by him.

Chap. 46. f. 15.	Frotn	Sept, i, 1791, fo much of

5.	Perfons aggrieved by this aft may	4 Geo. 3. c. 29. as grants an allow-

appeal to the cjuarter feflions, and	ance 4J- 6^* a barrel of Britifb gun-

no proceedings quafhed for want powder exported)repealed. Chap. 42.

of form. Same aft, f. 18.	See	Saltpetre. Same aft.

General IJfue.

Afts, under which defendants, being fued for afting purfuant to fuch aft, may plead the general iflfue, and give the aft and the fpecial matter in evidence. See Game. Chap. 21. See Gaols. Chap. 22. 46. See Stamps. Chap. 25. See Corn and Grain.Chap. 30. See Pilchards. Chap. 45. See Houfes of Correction. Chap. 46. See Oyflers. Chap. 51. See Sierra Leone Company. Chap. 55. See Wool and Worjled Tarn. Chap.56. See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 59. 68. 69. 85. 89. See Paving. Chap. 61.62.63.64.70. 79.80.90. See Bridges. Chap.60.84. See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 66. 76. 77. See Churches. Chap.71. 73.74. See Poor. Chap. 72, 78. See Harbours. Chap. 83.	'

Gloucefter, City of.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 89.

Goat Skins.

See Cujioms. Chap. 27. See Ex-cife. Same aft.

" Aft 15 Geo. 3. c. 35. permitting the free importation of raw goat (kins made perpetual. Chap. 43*

Grants of Parliament.

207,728/. 3*. id. for deficiency of grants for the year 1790. Chap. 41.

Greenland Fifhery.

See Fijh and Fifhery. Chap. 43.

H.

Hadfnal, Shropfhire.

gEE Poor. Chap. 78.

Hallamfhire, Torkfhire.

See Cutlers, Company of. Chap. 58.

Harbours.

t.	For repairing, enlarging and pre-ferving the harbour of Mary Port, in Cumberland. Chap. 23.

2.	The like of the harbour of Sivan-fea, in the county of Glamorgan. Chap. 83.

HaJHngs, Governor.

14,153/. 3;. 9d. for the expences of his trial. Chap. 41.

Hemingborough, Torkfhire.

See Bridges. Chap. 60.

Hereford, City of.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 89.

Holy IJland, Durham.

See Inclofures. Chap. 92.

Hordley, Shropfhire.

See Poor. Chap. 78.

Horfes.

See djfejfment. Chap. 5.

Houfes

Hosted by Google

Jnd

439

Hyd

IJoufes of CorrtSUon.

r. Juftices in feffion may appoint a governor and other officers for houfes of cbrre&ion, and penitentiary houfes, with falaries. Chap.

46.

2.	Juftices in feffion to make rules for the faid houfes, to be confirmed by juftices of affize, but not to deprive convitfls of any allowance made by law. Same f, 2.

3.	Governors to have the fame powers as gaolers, and anfwerable for .efcapes. Same a6t, f. 3.

4.	Two vifiting juftices to be appointed, and abufes to be rectified by juftices in feffion. Same a<5l, f. 5.

5.	Bye laws may be made, agreeable to 32 Geo. 2. c. 28. and prifoners to be claffed and feparated, as di-redle.d by 24 Geo. 3. c. 54. Same a cl, f. 6,

6.	Offenders fentenced to tranfpor-tation may be imprifoned, and kept to hard labour until tranf-ported. Same a6l, f. 7.

7.	Governors of the faid houfes, and ^keepers of common gaols, to make rcturnsof prifoners in cuftody every aflizes, and vifiting juftices to examine and iign fuch returns. Same a61, f. 8. ^

5.	Vifiting juftices to report any extraordinary diligence or merit in offenders to the juftices of pyer apd terminer. Same a6l, f. 14.

Houfes and Windows.

See 4ijfejjment. Chap. 5.

Hydrometer.

So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as dij'e6ls that all fpirits (hall be deemed of the ftrengih denoted by Clarke s hydrometer, continued to the end of the next feffion of parliament. Chap. 44*

1.

Jnclofures.

nPOR dividing and inclofing r open fields, lands and grounds in Cot tingham> in Torkjhire. Chap.

20.

2.	For embanking and draining fen lands and low grounds in the pari flies of Chatteris and Dodington, and the hamlet of Wimblington, in the ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge r and for dividing and en-clofing the commons and wafte lands in the faid hamlet. Chap.81.

3.	For draining and dividing a mpor or tra6l of wafte land, called King's Sedgemoory in the county of Sower-r fet. Chap. 91. -

4.	For dividing, allotting and inclofing, a large open tra6t of land, within the manor of Holy lfandy in the county of Durham, and for extinguifhing the right of common upon the ancient infield lands within the faid illand. Chap. 92.

5.	For dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadow ground, half year’s land, common fens,and wafte lands, in the parifh of An-wick) in the county of Lincoln, and for embanking and draining the faid common fens, and certain in-clofed low lands, called The Praie Grounds, in the townfhip of North Kymey in the faid county. Chap.93.

Indiay Eajiy Company.

1.	Commiffioners for the affairs of Indiay may order the expences of tranfporting an additional number of the King’s forces, pot exceeding 2,682 men fent to India, out cf the revenues of the company. Chap. 10.

2.	The Eaji India company may fell oy mortgage the annuity fund of

F f 4	36,2261.

Hosted by Google

44°	Kin

36,226/. 165. mentioned in ad 26 Geo. 3. c. 62. Chap. 11.

3.	Order of the council of Fort Wil~

' Ham, in Bengal, of A7^. 1790, inverting the governor general of the prelidency of Fort William with full power to carry on the war againlt Tippoo Suitaun, or to make peace with him, confirmed. Chap. 40*

4.	Earl Cornwallis, while he continues governor general and refides in In* dia, may, in his own name, conclude treaties with any of the powers there*, and iffue orders to the governors and councils of Fort St. George and Bombay, and to the fer-vants of the united company, without previoufly communicating them to the faid governors and councils. Same ad, f. 2.

5.	The powers given by this ad to earl Cornwallis to continue until three months after the end of the war, or his leaving India* and to devolve upon his fucceffor; and the faid powers may be revoked by the court of directors, with the approbation of the commiffioners for the affairs of India. Same aft, f. 4.

John, St. Ifland of.

1,840/. for the ifland of Saint John,

in America. Chap. 41.

Irijh Linens.

See Linens. Chap. 43*

K.

The King, Queen, Royal Family£3c.

THE King may grant an annuity of 12,000/. to the duke o.f Clarence, from April 5, 1791, out of the confolidated fund. Chap. 34.

Kington, Herefordfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 69.

Lan

Kircaldy, Scotland.

See Scotland. Chap. 82.

King’s Sedgemoor, Somerfetfhire.

Szz Inclofures. Chap. 91,

L.

Land Forces,

1. 1,856,326/. 10s. 10d. 3$r. granted for the land forces in 1791, viz.

2.	570,499/. IIJ. 2*2. 2?. for 17,013 effective men, officers, &c. in Great Britain. Chap. 41.

3.	329,544/. 105. for forces in the plantations. Same ad.

4.	8,487/. 105. yd. difference between BritiJ]) and Irijh eftabli foment of feven battalions of foot. Same ad.

5.	11,435 /. 12 s. io*2. 2q. for regiments fervir.g in the Eajl Indies. Same ad.

6.	64,500/. for recruiting land forces and contingences. Same ad.

7.	15,551/. 145. 5*2. 3q. for fuperou-merary officers. Same act.

8.	6,409/. 85. for general and ftaff officers in Great Britain. Same ad.

9.	63,276/. 55. Sd. to the paymafter general, fecretary at war,&c. Same ad.

10.	155,287/. 55. 5d. for reduced officers of the land forces and marines. Same ad.

11.	10,000/. for reduced officers of the late independent companies. Same ad.

12.	212/. 145. yd. for reduced officers of the horfe guards. Same ad.

13.	55,092/. 105. for reduced officers of the Britijh American forces, and 4,907/. 10s. for allowances to them. Same ad.

14.	3,161/. j05. led. for officers late in the fervice of the dates general. Same ad.

15.	9,710/. 45. 3d. for widows’ petitions. Same ad.

16.	174,167/*

Hosted by Google

Mac

441

Lew

16.	174,167/. 4*. 327. for Chelfea Hofpital. Same ad.

*7. 36,093/. 155. to the landgrave of Heffe for his fubfidy for the year 1791. Same ad.

18.	2,754/. 5;. 8Z 27. for augmentation of the corps in StfftOb Wales. Same ad. jg. 335,234/. for extraordinaries of the army in 1790. Same ad.

Revenues.

4,000/. iflued to the commifiioners of land revenues. Chap. 41.

Land Lax.

1.	Land tax for 1791, to be 4s. in the pound. Chap. 6.

2.	For appointing commifTioners to put in execution the land tax ad. Chap. 14.

Llanfilin, in Shropfhire and Den-bighfhire.

See Poor. Chap. 24.

Larceny, P<?//jy.

See Witneffes. Chap. 35.

Leicejler, Town of.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap, 65.

Leominjler, Herefordfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 69.

Lewes, Suffex.

For enlarging and extending the powers of the prefent prefcriptive market, in the town and borough of Lewes, in the county of Sujfex, and removing the fame to a more convenient place in the faid town, or within the precind of the caftle of Lewes. Chap. 86.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 76.

Limitation of Aftions.

See Deretend. Chap. 17. SzzGaols. Chap.22. See Poor. Chap.24.72.78. See Newfoundland. Chap. 29. See Oyjlers. Chap. 51. See Sierra Company. Chap. 55. See Wool and Worjled Tarn. Chap. 56. See Edinburgh. Chap. 57. fizz Canals, Navigable. Chap. 59. 68. 69. 85. 89. See Bridges. Chap. 60. 84. See Paving. Chap. 61.62. 63. 64. 70. 79. 80. 9c. fizz Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 66.76. 77. fizz Churches. Chap. 71. 73. 74. See Harbours. Chap. 83.

Lincoln, City of.

See Paving. Chap. 8ow

Linens.

Ad 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. for granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britijh and Irijh linens exported, continued to June 24, 1792. Chap. 43.

Little Lever, Lancaffiire.

• See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 68..

Loes, Suffolk.

See Poor. Chap. 72.

Lottery.

806,250/. to be raifed by a lottery, tickets at 16/. 2s. 6d. each, and 500,000/. to be paid for prizes June 28, 1792. Chap. 53.

Loughborough, Leicejlerfhire. See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 65.

M.

Macbride, John. .

TIME given to him and his fureties, to enter into recognizances

Hosted by Google

442	Mid

zances in refpeft of his petition pre-fented to the houfe of commons, complaining of an undue eledtion for Plymouth„ Chap. 3.

Maidftone> Kent.

See Paving. Chap. 63.

Malt.

Additional duties, viz. s. d. x. Malt made in England and JValeSy per bufhei -	03

In Scotland, per bufhei	o	if

Malt brought from Scotland to England or IValeSy per bufhei o 14 To be paid on flock in hand (Jan. 5, 1791) of maltfters or makers for lale, lellers or retailers, brewers, diftillers, innkeepers, vi&uallers, or vinegar makers, one third by Feb. 5, one third by Mar. 5, and the reft by April 5. Chap. 2. f. 2.

2.	Malt fold before Jan. 5, 1791, and not delivered, the bargain valid, and the purchafer to pay the duty, befides the price agreed for. Same a£l, f. 4.

3.	Duties on malt, mum, cyder, ana perry continued, for the fervice of the year 1791. Chap. 7.

Manchejler, Laneajhire.

See Canals y Navigable. Chap. 68.

Marines

Regulated while on fliore, a6l continued annually. Chap. 9,

Marygold Court.

See Paving. Chap. 61.

Mary Port, Cumberland.

See Harbours. Chap. 23.

Middle, Shropfhire.

See Poor. Chap. 78.

New

Midhurjly SuJJex.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 66.

Militia.

For the charge of pay and cloathing the militia in England for one year, from Mar. 25, 1791, continued annually. "'Chap. iO.

Mutiny.

For punifhing mutiny and defer-tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters in 1791. 17,013 forces, including 1,62b invalids. Chap. 13.

N.

Navigable Canals.

E E Canals, Navigable.

Navigable Rivers.

See Riversy Navigable.

Navy.

1.	2,443,405/. 13s. 4d. granted for naval lervices tor the year 1791. Chap. 41.

2.	1,565,000/. for the late naval augmentation. Same a£t.

Neath, Glamorganjhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 85.

New Brunfwick.

4,400/. for New Brunfwick in Ame* rifa. Chap. 41.

Newcajlle upon Tyne.

See Tobacco and Snuff. Chap. 47.

Newenty Gloucefterfhire.

See Canahy Navigable. Chap. 8g.

New?

Hosted by Google

Of

Newfoundland.

1.	Tfie King may conftitute a court o{Q\y\\)un[T\S\\on\nNewfoundland^ &c. to confiftof a chief judge and two afTeffors and clerks. Chap. 29.

2.	An appeal to tfie King, in council, where judgment foj* pnore than 100/. Same a<5l, f. 3.

3.	While the governor is refident, difputes about Teamen’s wages to be heard onjy in the court of civil jurifdidjtion, and when he is not, they may be heard in the court of feffion. Sameadh

4.	1,182/. ioj. for falaries of the governor and civil officers there. Chap. 41.

New South Wales.

1.	4,758/. 6s. 3d. 3^. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 41.

2.	29,613/. is. 8d. for provifions, &c. Tent there. Same a£t.

Norfolk.

See Wool and Worfted Tarn. Chap. 56.

Norwich.

See Wool and WorJledTarn. Chap. 56.

Notes, Promiffory.

See Stamps. Chap. 25.

Nova Scotia.

6,376/. 17*. 6d. for the civil efta-blifhmept of Nova Sfotia. Chap. 41.

p.

Officers.

jgEE Wine Licence Office. Chap.

162,797/.	4	granted	(being

appropriated by 30 Geo. 3. c. 32.) to reduced officers for 1790, and the overplus to be difpofed of to maimed

Oyf443

officers, widows and children, as the

King (hall diredl. Chap. 41.

Oil of Vitriol.

See Saltpetre. Chap. 42.

Orders of Council.

See Corn and Grain. Chap,30. See

Saltpetre. Chap. 42.

Ordnance.

1.	151,000/. granted towards the ex-pence of the ordnance, on account of the late armament. Chap. 41.

2.	3,857/, 5-f. id. for land ferviceof the ord n a n ce pr i or to Dec. 31. Sameadl.

3.	30,613/. lgs. id. for land fervice of the ordnance ip ^ 789- Samead.

4.	25,278/. 12;. for the fervice of the ordnance in 1789. Same a6h

5.	2,159/. 4s. 5d. for land ferviceof the ordnance in 1790. Sameaft.

6.	381,769/. i8j. 3d. for land fervice of ordnance in 1791. Same aSt.

Ofwejlry, Shropfhire.

See Poor. Chap. 24.

Oufe River, Sujfex.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 76*

Ouze River, Torkfhire.

See Bridges. Chap. 60.

Oyjlers.

1.	Perlons unlawfullycatchingoyfters or brood, within the limits of any fifhery, punifhable by fine and im-prifonment, but not to extend to taking of floating fifh. Chap.51.

2.	Juftices may iflue warrants for apprehending offenders, and for want of fureties may commit them until the quarter feffions. Same atf, f. 3.

3.	Perfons found taking or ufing engines for taking oyflers or brood,

refufing

Hosted by Google

444 Prfu

refufing to difcover themfelves, may be feized. Same ad, f. 4,

4.	No juftice to commit or require fecurity from any perfons, without recognizance is entered into to profecute, and perfons may be dif-charged from confinement upon recognizance. Same ad, f. 5.

5.	This ad not to afted any a£t now in force refpeding any particular oyfter fifhery, or to preclude pro-fecutions at the common law. Same ad, f. 7.

P.

Papijls.

E E Roman Catbolicks. Chap. 32.

Pancras,

See Paving. Chap. 18.

Paving, fdV.

1.	To explain and amend ad i2Geo.

3.	c. 69. for paving, &c. that part of the parifh of Pancras, in Middlefex, which lies on the weft fide of Tottenham Court Road. Chap. 18.

2.	For paving, cleanfing, lighting, &c. a ftreet called The Upper Ground Street, irtthe parifh of Chrift Church, in Surrey, and for removing nui-fances, &c. and for (hutting up part of an alley or paflage leading from Bull Alley to Mary gold Court. Chap. 61.

3.	The like of the ftreets, lanes, and other publick. paftages and places within the King’s town of Maid-Jlone, in the county of Kent, and for

better fupplying the faid town with water, and for repairing the highways within the parifh of Maid-Jlone. Chap. 62.

4.	For paving, repairing and cleanfing the ftreets, lanes, ways and

pu

paffages within the walls of the city of Cbichejler. Chap. 63.

5* 7'he like of the highways, ftreets and lanes in the town and borough of Deal in Kent. Chap. 64.

6.	For lighting, cleanfing and watching the ftreets, lanes, &c. within the townfhip of Stourbridge, in the parifh of Old S win ford, in the county of IVorcefter. Chap. 70.

7.	For paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, &c. the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcefter, and for fupplying the faid town with water. Chap. 79.

8.	For paving the footways of certain ftreets within the city of Lincoln, and for cleanfing, lighting, and watching the faid ftreets and other ftreets, lanes, &c. Chap. 80.

9.	For paving, lighting, watching., cleanfing, &c. Finjbury Square, in the parifh of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlefex, and part of the manor of Finjbury. Chap. 90.

Pawnbrokers.

Ad 29 Geo.3. c. 57. for regulating

pawnbrokers, continued for one year.

Chap. 52.

Penitentiary Houfes.

See Houfes of Correction. Chap. 46.

Pilchards.

1.	An additional bounty of 1 s. 6d. per cafk on pilchards exported between June 24, 179!) and June 24, 1798, to be paid to fuch per^ fons as thall be intitled to the bounty of js. allowed by ads $Geo.

1.	c. 18. and 3 Geo. 2. c. 20. and if fifh, intitled to the bounty, be loft. See. the proprietors to have a debenture for the fame. Chap. 45.

2.	The charges of this ad to be paid by thofe intitled to the bqunty. Same ad,

Ply.

Hosted by Google

Qite

Plymouth.

See Macbride, John. Chap. 3.

Poor.

1.	To amend and enlarge a<51 31 Geo.

2.	c. 45. for regulating the poor in Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondfey, Surrey. Chap. 19.

2.	For relief and employment of the

poor of Ofweftry, in Salop, and Chirk, in Dcnbighjkire, and Llanfi-lin, in	and	Denbighfhire.

Chap. 24.

3.	The like of the poor within the hundreds of hoes and Wilford, in the county of Suffolk. Chap. 72.

4.	The like of the poor belonging to the pari flies of E lief mere. Middle, Bafchurch, and Hordley, and to the chapelry or diftrict of Hadnal (otherwife Hadnal Ea/e) In the county of Salop. Chap. 78.

5.	For the better maintenance and fupport of the poor of the parifh of Sunderland, near the fea, in the county of Durham. Chap. 87.

Prejio-lce-Bridge, Lancafhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 68.

CL

Qualifications.

ACT of qualification for offices, &c. continued as ufual annually. Chap. 8.

Quebec.

1.	A6t 14 Geo. 3. c. 83. as much as relates to the appointment of a council for Quebec repealed. Chap. 31-

2.	Quebec to be divided into two provinces, to be called The Province of Upper Canada, and The Province of Lower Canada, and a legif*

445

lative council and aflembly to be conflituted in each province, by whofe advice the King may make laws for the government thereof* Same a£t, f. 2.

3.	The King may authorife the governor or lieutenant governor of each province to fummon members to the legiflative council, but no perfon, under 21 years of age, to be fummoned. Same a6t, f. 3.

4.	Members to hold their feats for life, and the King may annex to hereditary titles of honour the right of being fummoned to the legiflative council. Same a<51, f. 5.

5.	Hereditary rights and feats forfeited or vacated, to remain fuf-pended during the lives of the parties, but on their deaths to go to the perfon next intitled. - Same 3(51, f. 9.

6.	Seats in council forfeited, and hereditary rights extinguifhed, for treafon. Same a6f, f. 10.

7.	Queflions refpecting the right to be fummoned to council to be determined by the legiflative council, fubjedf to an appeal to the King in parliament. Same a<51, f. 11.

8.	The governor may appoint and remove the fpeaker, and call together the aflembly, and for the pur-pofe of electing members iffue a proclamation, dividing the province into diftridls, &c. Samea<51, f. 12.

9.	The governor to appoint returning officers to continue two years, and no perfon to ferve more than once, Same aft, f. 15.

10.	The number of members in Upper Canada to be not lefs than fixteen, and in Lower Canada not lefs than fifty, and writs for the eledlion of members to ferve in the aflembly to be iffued fourteen days after proclamation for fummoning the alTembly, returnable Within fifty days, and in cafe of vacancies, writs to be ifliied in fix days, and

return-

Hosted by Google

446	$ue

returning officers to execute fuch writs. Chap. 31. f. 18.

11.	Members to be chofen by a majority of voters: freeholders of 40J. a year for counties, and for towns; freehold houfes of 5/. a year, or being one year refident in a houfe of io/. a year. Same aft, f. 20.

2	2. No member of the legiflative council, or minifter of the church, or perfon under 21 years of age, or any perfon attainted of treafon, or felony, to fit in the aflembly. Same aft, f. 21.

13.	The governor to fix the time and place of holding elections, and holding feffions of the legiflative council and aflembly, and to prorogue and diffolve the fame when neceffary ; but the council and af-fembly to meet once a year, and all queftions to be decided by a majority of voices, and the fpeaker to have a calling vote. Same act, f.

25-

14.	The governor may give or withhold the King’s affent to bills pafled by the legiflative council and af-fembly, or referve them for his Majefly’s pleafure, and tranfmit to the fecretaryof ftate copies of fuch bills as have been affented to, which the King, in council, may declare his difallowance of within two years, and bills referved not to have any force until the King's affent be communicated to the council and affembly. Same ad, f. 30.

15.	All laws in force at the commencement ofthisad, to continue, except repealed or varied by it. Same ad, f. 33.

16.	A court of civil jurifdidion to be eftablifhed in each province. Same

ad, f. 34.

17. No incumbent of any parifh, being a papift, fo receive tythes of proteflants, and the governor to make allotrpents of lands for the fupport of a proteftant clergy m each province; and the governor,

Rti)

with the advice of the executive council, to ered parfonages, and endow them; and the governor to prefent to them, and the incumbents to enjoy the fame as in Eng-land, and fubjed to the jurifdidion granted to the bilhop of Nova Scotia. Same ad, f. 35.

18.	Provifions refpeding the allotment of lands for the fupport of a proteftaftt clergy, may be varied of repealed by the legiflative council and aflembjy, and their ads to be laid before' parliament previous to receiving the King’s arfent. Same ad, f. 41.

19.	Lands in Upper Canada to be granted in free and common foc-cage, and alfo in Lower Canada if deflred, and perfons holding lands in Upper Canada may have frelh grants, and fuch freflh grants not to bar any right or title to the lands. Same ad, f. 43. -

20.	The King, in council, to fix the commencement of this ad, and the time for iffuing the writs of fum-mons and eledion not to be later than Dec. 31, 1792. Same ad, f. 48.

21.	Between the commencement of this ad and the firft meeting of the legiflativecouncil and the aflembly, temporary laws may be made. Same ad, f. 50.

See Salt. Chap. 43.

R.

Rivers, Navigable.

I.	Ta enable the earl of Egremont to make the river Rotber navigable from the town of Mid bur ft to Stop-ham Meadow, in the parilh of Stop-bam) and a navigable cut from the faid river to the river Arun, near Stophatn Bridge, in Suffix. Chap. 66.

2* For

Hosted by Google

Rom

2.	For Improving the navigation of the river Ouje, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the county of Suffiex, and for better draining the low lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels. Chap.

76.

3.	For making navigable the rivers Wreak and Eye, from the junction of the laid river Wreak with the intended navigation from Loughborough to Leicejler, near Turnwater Meadow, in the lordfhip of Coffing-ton, to Mill Clofe Homejlead, in the parifh of Melton Mowbray, all in the county of Leicejler. Chap.77.

4.	For confirming an agreement entered into between the company of proprietors of the undertaking for Recovering and preferving the navigation of the river Dee, and lords of manors, and others intitled to right of common upon the wattes and commons, and the old common fait marfaes lying on the fouth fide of the faid river, below or to the north eatt of Greenfield Gate, in the county of Flint, and an award made in confequence thereof. Chap. 88.

Rather River.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 66.

Roman Catholicks.

1.	Roman catholicks taking the oath

mentioned in this ad not liable to be profecuted upon acts 1 Eliz. c.

2.	23	Eliz.	c.	1.	29	Eliz.	c.	6.

35 Eliz, c. 2. 2jac.i.c. 4. 3Jae.

l.c. 4. 3Jac. 1. c. 5. and 7 Jac. 1. c. 6. nor tor not reforting to fome parifh church. Chap. 32. f. 2.

2.	No perfon,who has taken the oath, to be profecuted for being 2 papifL Same ad, f. 4.

3.	No afiembly for religious worship allowed under this ad, until it fhali be certified to the quarter feffions,

Rom	44?

nor any perfon to perform any ec-clefiaftical fundion therein until his name be recorded by the clerk, of the peace, and no fuch place of afiembly to be locked during the meeting. Same ad, f. 5.

4.	Roman catholicks may execute the office of conffable, See. by deputy, and minifters of any roman catholick congregation, taking the faid oath, exempt from ferving on juries, and laws for frequenting divine lervice to continue in force. Same ad, f. 7.

5.	Penalty of 20/. on perfons dlftufb-ing congregations, or mifufing prietts, and this ad not to extend to roman catholick ecclefiafticks in certain cafes, nor to exempt roman catholicks.from paying tythes, &c. nor to repeal any part of 26 Geo. 2. c. 33. Same ad, f. 10.

6.	No roman catholick, who fhali take the oath, to be profecuted for teaching youth, but not to hold the matter fhip of a college or fchool of royal foundation, &c. nor educate in his fchool any child of a pro-teftant father, nor keep fchool until his name is recorded by the clerk of the peace, and no religious order to be founded by roman catholicks. Same ad, f. 13.

7.	No perfon to be fummoned to take the oath required by 1 W. Sc

M.	feff. 1. c. 8. or the declaration required by 25 Car. 2. c. 2. nor 1 W. & M. feih 1. c. 9. to extend to roman catholicks who have taken the appointed oath, and no peer, who (hail have taken the faid oath, liable to profecution under 30 Car, 2. flat. 2« claufe 5. Same act, f. 18.

8.	Ads 1 Geo. 1. fell. 2. c. 55. and 3 Geo. i. c. 18. repealed. Same ad, f. 2i.

9.	The oaths and declaration in ads 7 Si. 8 W. 3, c. 4. and 1 Geo. r. flat, 2, c. 13. to be no longer ufed, but the oath appointed by this ad

to

Hosted by Google

Sal

to qualify perfons to z& as counfellers, attorneys, &c. and this- a6t not to extend to Scotland. - Chap. 32. f. 22.

Rum.

Additional duties, viz.	j.	i.

1.	Rum,&c. imported from the Britijh colonies, per gallon, o 8

Rum, &c. above proof, per gallon,	-	-	14

Rum, &c. warehoufed by 15 Geo. 2. and delivered out after Dec. 28,1790, per gallon,	o 8

Above proof, per gallon, 1 4 The above duty from the Britifo colonies may be bonded. Chap. 1.

2.	Additional duty on rum, Sic. of the Britijh colonies to be allowed on'(hipping it as ftores. Same act, f. 6.

s.

Saffron Walden, Effex.

g E E Churches. C h a p. 7 3.

Salt.

Adi 4 Geo. 3. c. 12. for importing

fait into Quebec continued until June

24,1795. Chap. 43.

Saltpetre.

1.	Perfons indemnified for adfing under an order of council, dated Jug. 25, 1790, for importing fait-petre. Chap. 42.

2.	A duty of 7s. 9d. per hundred weight for faltpetre imported by virtue of the faid order of council, and the King, in council, may permit the importation of 1000 tons of faltpetre before June 24, 1792. Same adt, f. 2.

3.	From Sept. 1, 1791, a duty of 3d. per hundred 'weight for faltpetre imported. Same adt, f. 5,

Sea

4.	The Eajl India company to put up for fale, half yearly, certain quantities of faltpetre at certain rates, and on failure thereof, the King, in 'council, may permit the importation, fubjedt to the duty of 3d. per hundred weight. Same adl, f. 7.

5.	So much of 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. as allows a drawback of the duties on imported faltpetre ufed in making oil of vitriol repealed. Same aft, f. 10.

6.	So much of 1 Ann. flat. 1. c* 12. as requires the Eajl India company to deliver yearly into the King’s ftores 494^ tons of faltpetre repealed, and the faid company to deliver yearly 500 tons, and in cafe of failure, the King, in council, may authorife the matter general of the ordnance to import it, fubjedt to the duty of 3d. per hundred weight. Same adl, f. 11.

Scotland.

See Corn and Grain. Chap. 30.

1.	5,911/. as. 3d. for roads and bridges in the highlands. Chap. 41,

See Edinburgh. Chap. 57.

2.	Adis 15 Geo. 2. c. 8. and 31 Geo* 2. c. 52. for laying a duty of two pennies Scctsy or one fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer fold in the town of Kirkald)\ and the liberties thereof, continued for 21 years. Chap. 82.

Seal Skins.

The liberty granted to import feal

(kins, extended to fuch as (hall be

cured with foreign fait laden from the

Cape de Verd ifiands, be. Chap. 26.

Seamen.

1.	No matters of veffels, trading coaftwife3 to proceed on a voyage*

without

Hosted by Google

Sie

449

Sev

without entering into an agreement with the Teamen for wages, on penalty of 5/. for each man, and fuch agreements to be binding. Chap.

39*

2.	Seamen neglecting or refufing to proceed on voyages, for which they have engaged, to forfeit their wages; 2nd abfenting themfelves Of deferting before the expiration of the time for which they have engaged, to forfeit two day’s pay to Greenwich Hofpital for every day they are foabfent. Same ait, f. 3.

3.	Maters to fettle with the men for their wages in five days after the veffel (hall have entered at the cu~ flom houfe, or the cargo delivered, or the feamen difehar^ed ; and feamen not deprived of the ufual means for recovery of wages, and in cafe of difpute the mafter to produce the agreement. Same act, f. 5.

4.	Penalties to be deducted out of the men’s wages, and applied to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital, and mafters not paying the penalties in three months, to forfeit treble the value to Greenwich HofpitaL Same act, f. 7.

5.	Agreements not liable to (lamp duties, and this act not to extend to veflels under 100 tons but then, nor to dehar Teamen from entering into the King’s fervice. Same a<ff, f. JO.

Selby, Yorkfhire.

See Bridges. Chap. 60.

Servants.

See Ajfeffment. Chap. 5,

Severn Navigation.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 67.

Severn River.

See Canals, Navigable„ Chap. 60. V01. XXXVII.

Sheep Skins.

See Excife. Chap. 27.

Shrew [bury.

S.e Churches. Chap. 75.

Sierra Leone Company*

1.	Certain perTons incorporated to trade to Sierra Leone, in Africa. Chap. 55.

2.	The company may purchaTe lands and raife a capital joint ftock. Same 3ct, f. 2.

3.	Subfcribers to have an intereft in the capital joint ftoclc, but the company not to borrow money, nor deal in (laves. Same aeft, f. 4.

4.	Thirteen directors to be choTen annually, and a chairman and deputy chairman. Same a eft, T. 7.

5.	Members of the company to have votes according to the number of fhares. Same aeft, T. 14.

6.	None but proprietors to vote, and no perfon to be a director unlefs pof-TefTed of one (bare. Same a<ft, f. 16.

7.	The court of directors to meet when neceflary, and fub-commit-tees may be appointed. Same acl* f. 23.

8.	A lecretary, agents and fervants to be appointed. Same a eft, f. 25.

9.	A general court to be called once a year, and nine members of the company may demand a general court at anytime. Sameacf, f. 30.

10.	The company may make bye laws. Same a<ft, f. 33.

11.	The dire<ftors to hold a court once a month, and an accomptant to be appointed to keep books. Same a<5t, f. 36.

12.	Shares may be affigned, and the directors may appoint officers with falaries. Same aift, f. 42.

13.	The company to hold-the exclu-five right to the pen in Tula of Sierra Leone. Same a (ft, f. 44.

G g	14.	This

Hosted by Google

450	<SV#

14.	This aft to continue for 31 years from July x, 1791* Chap. 55. f. 48.

Silk.

Silk, crapes and tiffanies, of Italy, if not imported direftlyfrom thence, to be forfeited, and no'drawback on the exportation of Italian filk, crapes or tiffanies. Chap. 37.

Trade.

1.	500/. to the fecretary of comrnif-fioncrs under the flave aft. Chap. 41.

2.	To continue afts for regulating the (hipping and carrying haves in jBritijb vefiels from Africa. Chap. 54*

Snuff.

See Tobacco and Snuff. Chap. 470

Somers IJlands.

See Bermuda. Chap. 41.

Somerfel Houfe.

25,000	/. for the buildings at S0-Houfe. Chap. 41.

Southampton.

See Churches. Chap. 71.

Spirits and Spirituous Liquors.

Additional duties, viz.	5.	d.

On Tingle fpirits or aqua vitae imported, per gallon,	o	10

If above proof	-	1	8'

;	Chap.i. Sqg Excife. Chap. 1.

Stamps.

See Game. Chap. 21. r, J. I. Drafts payable on demand for 401. and not above 5/. 55. 0 3 Above 5/. 5;. and not exceed-■ ing 30/.	. ~	06

Sta

s9 (j*

Above 30/. and not exceeding

5c/.	-	o <3

Above 50/. and not exceeding 100/.	-	-	1 q

Above 100/. and not exceeding 200/.	-	-	16

The fame duties to be paid for notes payable to the bearer on demand, and re-iffuable from time to limp where fir (I iffued.

5. d.

Notes payable to bearer on demand, re-iffuable where Srft iffued, or at any other place, for 405. and not above 5/. 5j. o 6 Above 5/. 5s. and not exceeding 30/.	-	IQ

Bills of exchange, drafts, notes,

&c. payable otherwise than upon demand, for 40 s. and not above 30A	-	06

Above 30 /. and not exceeding 50/.	-	-	09

Above 50/. and not exceeding 100/.	-	-	1 o

Above 100/. and not exceeding 200/.	«	' -	16

Bills, drafts, notes,&c. for more than 200/.	-	-	20

The duties to be paid by the drawer. Chap. 25. f. 2.

s. d.

2.	Foreign bills, drawn in fets,

not exceeding 100/.	-	06

Above 100/. and not exceeding 200/. '	-	-09

Above 200/.	-	-	1	0

Every bill of each fet to be charged with the duty. Same aft, f 3.

3.	Orders on bankers, payable to bearer on demand, and drawn within ten miles of the place of payment, exempt from duty. Same aft, f. 4.

. s. d.

4.	Receipts for 40;. and under 20/. o 2

For 20/. and under 50/.	-	04

For 5c/. or upwards -	06

Receipts in full	-	06

Same aft, f, 12.

Status,

Hosted by Google

Ttf	Wak	451

Staves, Middlefex.	Tobacco and	Snuff.

See Bridges, Chap. 84.

Stophamy Suffex.

See River s> Navigable. Chap. 66.

Stourbridge, Worcefter/hire.

See Paving. Chap. 70.

Sugar.

1.	An additional duty of 2J. 8J. per

hundred weight on fugars imported into	Britain, and not

warehoufed. Chap. 15.x

2.	Duty to be under the management of the commiflioners of the cuftoms. Same a<5t, f. 2.

3.	A drawback of the faid duty on

• exportation of the fugar in the date

it was imported, and an additional drawback of 3;. 4d. per hundred weight on exportation of refined fugar, &c. Same a6t, f. 4.

Sunderland, Durham.

See Poor. Chap. 87*

Sutton Pool.

See Catwater. Chap. 41.

Swanfea, Glamorganfhire.

See Plarbours. Chap. 83.

T,

Thames Navigation.

gEE Canals^ Navigable. Chap,67.

Thames, River.

See Bridges. Chap. 84.

Tiffanies.

See S/tt. Chap. 37.

p. None but tobacco (hips to be moored within the limits appointed by 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. on penalty of 20/. Chap. 47.

2.	Damaged tobacco to be burned, and no allowance made to the importer for the fame. Same a6t, f. 2.

3.	Tobacco and fnuff may be imported into the port of Newcajlle upon Tyne, under the regulation of the acts in force on June 10,1791 <, Same act, f. 3.

Tools.

ACts 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. and 25Geo»

3.C.67. prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenhls of trade, continued to the end of the next feffion of parliament. Chap. 43.

Tottenham Court Road.

See Paving. Chap. 18.

Treafury.

775/. i8i. 8d. 1 q. ifiued to Mv.Cot-ton, to pay bills of exchange by direction of the treafury. Chap. 41.

u.

Upper Ground Street.

(^EE Paving. Chap. 61.

V/.

Waggons.

j^EE Affeffment. Chap. 5.

Wakefield, Torkfihire.

See Churches. Chap. 74.

Wajh

Hosted by Google

452

Wit

Wajh

Brewed in England according to 28 Geo. 3. c. 46. for exportation t6 Scotland, not chargeable with any duty under this 2d. Chap. 1.

Weddell "Brook, Lancajhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 68.

/Wfo IJlands.

t.	No tobacco, pitch, tar, and feve-ral other things mentioned in this aft, to be imported into the JVeJl India iflands, from any colony in South America, belonging to a foreign European fovereign, on forfeiture of the goods and veffel, except by the authority of the governors of the IVeft India iflands in cafes of publick emergency, and any article lo imported, if attempted to be exported, forfeited with the veffel. Chap. 38.

2.	Before any of the faid goods are (hipped for exportation, oath to be made that they have not been fo imported, and goods and veffels forfeited, may be l'eized by officers of (hips of war and officers of the cuftoms. Same ad, f. 4.

Wilfcrd, Suffolk.

See Poor. Chap. 72.

JVimblington, Cambridgeshire.

Stt Inclcfures. Chap. 81.

Wine Licence Office.

The King may dired allowances to be made to the officers of the wine licence office deprived of their employments and falaries by act 30 Geo.

3.	c. 38. Chap. 28.

Witneffies.

Perfons convided of petty larceny may be competent witneffes. Chap. 35-

The END of

Wrd

Wool	and Wo Tarn.

1.	An ad to prevent abufes and frauds in the manufaduresofcombing wool and worded yarn in Norfolk and Norwich. Chap. 56.

2.	A general meeting of manufacturers to be on Sept. 2, 1791, to chufe a committee to profecute offenders againft this ad,and appoint a clerk. Same ad.

3.	Committee to meet quarterly, and chufe a chairman; but no bu-finefs without five members are prefent, and three committee-men may call a fpecial meeting. Same ad, f. 4.

4.	Jufiices to appoint infpedors of yarn, and the committee to ftation and allow them falaries, who are to infped the reels, &c. and bring offenders tojufiice. Same ad, f. 9.

5.	Reeling of worded yarn and putting out wool-fpinning regulated. Same ad, f. 12.

6.	Penalties on falfe reeling of worded yarn, and profecutors not liable to the charges of conveying offenders to prifon, and agents re-fufing to difcover perfons guilty of falfe reeling fubjed to the penalty of 55. for every pound of fuch yarn, and putters out of wool anfwerable for the wool given them to put out. Same ad, f. 15.

7.	The colledors of excife to dedud 6d. in a 35. out of the drawback on foap ufed in manufaduring wool, ami pay the fame to the treafurer appointed by the committee,who is to pay the charges of this ad out of the fame, and the rate of 6d. in a is. may be reduced or increafed. Same ad, f. 22.

Worcejler.

See CanalSy Navigable. Chap. 59.

Wreak Raver, Leicejler/hire.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 77.

THE INDEX.

Hosted by ^ ^.O0gle

THE

tattttes at Harije,

AnnotricefimofecundoGeorgii III. Regis:

Being the SECOND Seflion of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXVII. Part III.

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

A

TABLE

O F T H E

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Pailed Anno tricefimo fecundo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the Second Seffion of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. i. npo extend the provifions of certain adts of parlia-X ment made to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to ferve in parliament.

Cap. 2. To repeal the duties on certain inhabited houfes containing lefs than feven windows, or lights, granted by an adt of the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

Cap. 3. For repealing the duties on female fervants.

Cap. 4. For repealing the duties on waggons, wains, carts, and other carriages, granted by an adt of the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majefly foy a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-two.

Cap. 6♦ For repealing the duties upon malt* granted by an adt made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft far granting to bis Majefly additional duties upon malt.

Cap. 7. For repealing a certain part of the duty upon all canoes (except wax and fpermaceti candles*)

a 2	Cap.	8,

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap, 8. For the more effectual preventing of frauds in the re** venue of excife by common brewers.

Cap* 9. For repealing certain regulations with refpecl to cer-? ti derates on exporting tea to Ireland or America.

Cap, 10. For the better execution of certain warrants ifliied for the apprehending, and committing perfons convidlqd of offences againft the excife laws.

Cap. 11. To compel auctioneers to declare whether Tales have been held under the notices now required to be given by law.

Cap. 12. For granting to his Majefty the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, to be ifTued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England% to be by them placed to the account of the commiiTioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 13. To enable his Majefty to make provifion for the cftabliihment of their royal highnefTes the duke and duchefs of York and Albany \ and alfo to fettle an annuity on her royal high-lie fs during the time of her natural life, to commence from the deceafe of his laid royal highnefs, in cafe her faid royal highnefs lhall furyive him.

Cap. 14'. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubjecls of his Majefty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united dates of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid united dates.

Cap. 1.5. For raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

Cat). 16. For railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

Cap. 17. For the regulation of his Majedy’s marine forces while oh there.

Cap. 18. For continuing and granting to his Majedy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

Cap., 19. For punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap, 2c. For providing a workhoufe for the reception of the poor of the pari(li of Stone, in the county of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the poor therein.

Cap. 21. For the more effedtual prevention of frauds in the revenue of excife with refpecl to the manufatflering of foap.

Cap. 22. To continue and amend . feveral laws relating to the encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the Greenland Teas and Davis's Streigbts3 and to amend the laws now in force for the encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the feas to the fouthward of the Greenland feas and Davis's Streights.

Cap. 23. For reelilying midakes in the uames of feveral of the'commiiuoncrs appointed by an a cl made in cite lad fdlion

of

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

bf parliament, to put in execution an a<£l made in the fame feflion, intituled, An aft for granting ah aid to his Majefly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one-, and for appointing other commiffioners, together with thofe named in the fir ft mentioned a<ft, to put in execution an ad of this feffion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-two; and for indemnifying fuch persons as have aded as commiflioners for executing the faid ad* for granting an aid to his Mojefly by a land lax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

Cap. 24. To repeal fo much of an ad, made, in the twcnty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, as, relates to the fale of the houfe in Privy Garden, heretofore ufed as an office for the commiffioners of the lottery; and to enable his Majefty to grant the faid premifes.

Cap. 25. To enable the governor and company of the bank cf Scotland; further to increafe the capital (lock of the faid company.

Cap. 26. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-twoi

Cap. 27. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the lime limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes ; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped^ have been loft or miflaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped; to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglecled to tranfmit defcriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpofe; and for allowing further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contrails of clerks, apprentices, or fervants.

Cap. 28. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.

Cap. 29. For eftablifhinga permanent fund for the relief and fupport of {kippers and keelmen employed in the coal trade on the river Wear, in the county of Durham, who by ficknefs, or other .accidental misfortunes, or by old age, fhall not be able to maintain themfelves and their families; and alfo for the relief of the widows and children of fuch {kippers and keelmen.

a 3	Cap. 30.

Hosted by

A TABLfi of the STATUTES,

Cap. 30. For taking down the church, chancel, and tower belonging to the parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen r in Bridgemrth, in the county of Salop, and for rebuilding the fame, and for enlarging the burial ground of the faid parifh.

Cap. 31. For more effeftually embanking, draining, and otherwife improving, the ifland of Canvay, in the county of Effex.

Cap. 32. To revive and continue fo much of an aft, itiade in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the conveyance of fheep between Cowes in the ilie of tVigbty and the ports of Southampton and Portfmouth; and to extend the fame to horfes and lambs; and to amend the faid aft.

Cap* 33* For explaining and amending an aft, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the encouragement of fearnen employed in the royal navy% and for ejlablifhing a regular method for the pun ftuaf frequent y and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eafily and readily to remit the fame for the fupport cf their wives and families ; and for preventing frauds and abufcs attending fuch payments \ and for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of tharines, and marines, ferving, or who may have ferved, on board any of his Majefty's fhips.

Cap. 34. For explaining and amending an aft, pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the further preventing frauds and abufes attending the pay ^ ment of wages, prize money, and other allowancedue for the Service of petty officers and feamen on board any of his Majeflf s fhips ; apd for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, ferving, or who may have ferved, on board any of his Majefty ys: Ihips;

Cap. 35. For granting to his Majefty a certain Turn of money out of the confolidated fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two; for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife de-ftroyed.

Cap. 36. To continue feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to the difcontinning the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and greafe; to the free importation of certain raw hides and fkins from Ireland and the Britifh plantations in America; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfiJs made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the feducing of artificers and workmen employed in tbofe manufaftures to go into parts beyond the Teas; to the better regulating of pilots, for the condufting of fhips and veffels from Dover, Deal, and the I fie of Thanet; to the ascertaining the ftrength of fpirits by Clark's, hydrometer;

e	and

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fcnd to the allowing the importation of feal (kins, cured with foreign fait, free of duty.

Cap. 37. For making perpetual an a<fl made in the twenty-ieventh year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, intituled. An aft for- allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, tvareSy and merthandife, in the ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucca in the if and 0/Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the if and of Grenada, in the Port $f Rofeau in the if and of Dominica, and in the port of Naffau in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama Lilands, under certain regulations and ref rift ions*

Cap. 38. For building a bridge over the river South Ejk+ at or near the town of Montrdfe, in the county of Forfar * and for making fuitable approaches thereto.	1

Cap. 39. To enable the inhabitants of the parifh of Saint Sotolph without Alderfgate, in the city of London^ to raife money for paying and difcharging the debts that have been contracted in repairing their pariffi church, and build tog a new work-houfe.

Cap. 40. For amending the laws of eXcife relating to the manufadtory of flint glafs.

Cap. 41. To exempt whale oil, and other articles therein mentioned, and fold by auction in Great Britain, from the duty impofed on fuch Tales,

Cap. 42. To empower the high court of chancery to lay out a further .fum of the fuitors money upon proper fecurities, and for applying the intereft towards difcharging the etfpences of the Office of the accountant general, and for building offices for the matters to ordinary in chancery, and a pub!ick office for the fuitors of the faid court, and offices for the Secretaries of bankrupts and lunaticks, and for building repofttories for fecuring the title deeds of the fuitors of the faid court, and the records and proceedings of the commiffioners of bankrupts and luna-ticks.

Cap. 43. For regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar; and for permitting the importation of fugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iflands, in foreign (hips.

Cap. 44. For extending the provifions of ah a<5t, made to the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An aft to impower the magif rates therein mentioned to fettle and regulate the wages of perfons employed in the filk manufafture zuithin their refpeftive jurifdiftions, to manufactories of filk mixed with other materials j and for the more effectual punifhrhent of buyers and receivers of filk purloined and embezzled by perfons em<-ployed in the manufacture thereof.

Cap. 45. To explain and amend an a<51, made in the feven-teenth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, intituled. An aft to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly perfons, and to houfes of correftioru

a 4	Cap.	46.

Hosted by

Goog

A TABLE .of ^.ST ATUTES.

. Cap. 46. For eftabljlhing courts of judicature in the iflanrf o£ Newfoundland, and the iflands adjacent,

Cap. 47. To explain and amend fo much of an ad, made in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to hackney coaches and chairs.

Cap. 48. To impower the juftices of the peace for the county cf Middlefex, to continue a feftion of the peace, and of oyer and terminer, begun to be holden before' the eiTdign day of term, and fitting of the King's Bench at JVeftmviJler, notvyithftanding the happening of ftrclv efloign day, or, the fitting of the laid court of Kings Bench at Wejlminjler,, or elfewhere, in the (aid co Onty of,Middlefex. •,	—

Cap. 49. For allowing the importation of Quercitron or black oak bark, when the price of oak. bark (hall be under the price •mentioned in an ad of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, and for lowering the duty payable on red Mangrove bark imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 50. For the relief of the coaft trade of Great Britain ; for exempting certain coaft documents from ftamp duties ; for abolifhing the bond ufually called 'The Ijle of Man Bond; and for permitting corn and grain brought coaftwife to be tranfhip-ped into lighters, for the purpofe of being carried through the canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

Cap. 51. To exempt certain letters palling between merchants or other perfons carrying on trade or commerce in this kingdom,, containing agreements with refped to merchandife, notes, or bills of exchange, from the ftamp duty now impofed on written agreements.

Cap. 52. To continue, for a limited time, feveral ads of parliament for regulating the (hipping and carrying (laves in Britijl) veflels from the, coaft of Africa.

Cap. 53. For the more effectual adminiftration of the office of a juftice of the peace in fuch parts of the counties of Middlefex and Surrey as lie in and near the metropolis, and for the more effedtual prevention of felonies.

Cap. 54. For more effedually fecuring the duties upon foreign printed, painted, or ftained paper, imported into Great Britain.

, Cap. 55. To render more effectual an ad, made in the twenty^fixth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, intituled, An

c£l for vejling certain fums in cominijf oners, at the end of every quarter, oj a year, to he by them applied to the reduction of the national debt ; and to dired the application of an additional fum to the redudion of the faid debt, in cafe of future loans.

Cap. 56. For preventing the counterfeiting of certificates of the characters of fervants.

. Op. 57. For the further regulation of parifh apprentices.-

Cap. 58. For the amendment of the law in proceedings upon information in nature of Quo Warranto.

Cap. 59. To amend fe> much of two ads, made in the twenty-fixth and twenty-ninth years of the.reign of his late

majefty

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

majefty King George the Second, as relates to the licenfing o'? alehoufe keepers and vi&uallers ; and for better regulating ale* houfes, and the manner of granting fuch licences in future; and alfo of granting licences to perfons felling wines to be drank* in their, houfes.

Gap. 60. To remove doubts refpedling the functions of juries in cafes of libel.

Cap. 6r. To indemnify perfons, being proprietors, printers, and editors of newfpapers and other publications, from certain penalties incurred under feverai adts therein mentioned, relative tq lotteries.	'

Cap. 62. For removing the {land of hackney coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bend Street, in the parilh of Saint George Hanover Square, in the liberty of Wejlminjier.

•Cap. 63. For granting relief to pallors, mmillers,- and lay perfons of the epifeopai communion in Scotland.

Cap. 6a. For repairing, altering, and improving the parifh church or Saint Bridget, otherwife Saint Bride, .in the city of London \ and for providing a workhoufe for the fame parilh.

* Cap. 65. To extend and render more effectual an a61, pa fled in the twentyTixih year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant Seas.

Cap. 66. For providing an additional burying ground for the life of the parilh of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middle fex ; and for (hotting up the prefent foot path leading through the church yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof.

Cap. 67. For extending certain adls therein mentioned to petty officers and feamen, non-commiflioned officers of marines, and marines, ferving, or who may have ferved, on board any of his Majefty’s fhips, and redding in Ireland.

Cap. 68. For making effedlual the flatute labour in the county of Renfrew, and for levying converfion money in lieu of labour in certain cafes; and for otherwife regulating, making, and repairing high roads and bridges in the faid county.

Cap. 69. For cleanfmg, lighting, watching, and regulating the flreets, lanes, paliages, and places, within the towns of Manchefler and Salford, in the county palatine of Lancafer ; for widening and rendering more commodious feverai of the faid flreets, lanes, and paffages; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Can. 70. For the better relief and employment of the poor of and belonging to the parilh of Tewkefbury,. in the county of Glci/eejler. -

, Cap. 71. For inclofing, dividing, and allotting a certain common or wafte ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the commons and wafte grounds within the townlhip of Great Bolton, in the county palatine of Lancafier\ and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleanfmg, and regulating the flreets, lanes, p adages, and places within the towns of Great Belton and Z/7-tie Bolton; and for fupplying the faid towns with water, and for

providing

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the ST At UTEi

providing fire engines and firemen* and for removing and preventing nuifanees, incroachments, and annoyances; and for licenfmg and regulating hackney coaches and chairs within the faid towns.

Cap. 72. For veiling in James Turner, his executors, admi-niftrators, and affigns, the foie ufe and property of a certain yellow colour, of his invention, throughout that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy for a limited time.

Cap. 73. For more effe&ually fecuring to Jofeph Booths and to the publick, the benefit of a certain invention or difcovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain.

Cap. 74. For the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramfgate, in the county of Kent; and for cleaning, amending, and preferving the haven of Sandwich, in the fame county.

Cap. 75. For further enlarging and improving the harbour of JVhitehaven, in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 76. For building a new church or chapel within the town and parith of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lan~

coffer.

Cap. 77. For tAe more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the hundreds of Cirenc'efer, Crowthortie and Minty* Brightwells Barrow, Rapfgate, Bradley, Bifey and Longtree* commonly called	Hundreds	of Cirencefer, in the

county of Gloucefter.

Cap. 78. For paving, cleanfmg, lighting, and otlierwife improving, the ilreets, lanes, and other publick pafiages and places," wit bin the borough of Derby ; and for felling a certain piece of wade ground, fituate within the faid borough, called Nun's Green, towards defraying the expence of the faid improvements.

Cap. 79. For amending an acl of the fixteenth year of His prefent Majefty, relating to the haven and harbtfur of Bfonf in the county of Lincoln ; and for regulating the mooring and removing of (hips and other vefiels within the faid haven and harbour, and for removing obftrufUons therein.

.Cap, 80. For better paving, cleanfmg, and otherwife improving the borough of Bofon, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 81. For making and maintaining a navigable canal* from or from near JVyrley Bank, in the county of Stafford, ta communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Faze-ley canal, at or near the town of Wolverhampton, in the faid county ; and alfo certain collateral cuts therein deferibed, front the faid intended canal.

Cap. 82. For building a new gaol, a penitentiary houie, and houfe of correffion, within the city of Briffol, and for regulating, maintaining, and fupporting the fame ; and for dif-poiing of the prefent common gaol of the faid city of Bnfolmii county of the fame city, and for other purpofes,	-	'•

Cap. 83*

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

Cap. 83. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the foot of Coombe Hill, in the parifh of Leigh, in th£ county of Gloucejler, to join the river Severn, zt or near a place called Fifber's, otherwife Fletcher's Leap, in the parifh of ZWr-hurjl,, in the laid county.

Cap. 84. For making a navigable canal from Manchejler, to or near Ajhton-underlyne, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancafler.

Cap. 85. For the better relief and employment of the poor of and within fuch part of the parifli of Whitchurch as maintains its own poor* and lies within, the county of Salop.

Cap. 86. For repairing or rebuilding the pier adjoining to-the harbour of Broadjlairs,.in the IfeofThanet, in the county of Kent; and for the better preferving the faid harbour; and for removing and preventing obftru&ions, nuifances, and an-r noyances, and regulating the mooring of (hips and veffels within the faid harbour.

Cap. 87. To enable the dean and chapter of Hereford to rebuild the weft end of the cathedral church of Hereford, and to repair other parts thereof.

Cap. 88. For rebuilding the chapel, and enlarging the cha-pel yard of Lane End, within the parifh of Stoke upon Trent, hi the county of Stafford.	*

Cap. 89. For building a new church or chapel in the town of Leeds, in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 90. For building a bridge acrofs the river Wear, from the bank or fhore thereof, in the pari fh. of Bijhop Wear mouth, in the county of Durham, to the oppofite fhore, in the parilh of Monk Wearmouth, in the fame county.

Cap. 91. For more effectually draining and preferving certain low lands, within the parilh of Great Carlton, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 92. For making a harbour in the cove of Beer, in the^ county of Devon.

Cap. 93. For improving the communication between the county of Edinburgh and the county of Fife, by the palfages or ferries crofs the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Neivbaven, in the county of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntifand in the county of Fife; and for rendering the harbours and landing places more commodious.

Cap. 94. For regulating and improving the falmon fifheries in the river Nith, in the county of Dumfries.

Cap. 95. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the feveral parifhes of Atcham, Wroxeter, Berrington, Gund, Eaton Conjlantine, Henley, Leighton, Uffington, and Upton Magna, and the chapelry of Crejfage, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 96. For the better relief and employment of the poor; belonging to the parifhes of Montgomery and Pool, and certain other parifhes and places therein mentioned in the counties of Montgomery and Salop.

Cap. 97. For building a bridge, at or near the ferry over the

river

Hosted by Gc

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

river Thames, from Whitchurch, in the county of Oxford, f the oppofite fhore, in the parifh of Pangbourn, in the coufity of Berks.

Cap. 98. For, appointing eommiflioners to fell and difpofe of a certain unfinifhed building at or near Taunton, in the county1, of Somerfci, intended for a publick hofpital or infirmary, and of a piece of ground belonging thereto, in cafe a fufficient Turn of money {hall not be raifed by fubfeription, within a limited time, for finilhing the faid building, and paying tfte money due on account thereof.

Cap. 99. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the feveral parishes within the city of Worcejier, and of the parifhes oi Saint Alartin and Saint Clement, which are part within the city of Worcejier, and part within the county of Worcejier, and for providing a burial ground for the ufe of fucli pari Hies.	'

Cap. 100. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Cromford canal, in the county of Nottingham, to or near to the town of Nottingham, and to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge ; and alfo certain collateral cuts therein deferibed from the faid intended canal.

Cap. joi. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Ktrkby Kendal, in the county of Weftmorland, to Weji Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancajler ; and alfo a navigable branch from the faid intended canal at or nearBor wick, to or near JVarton Craggy and alfo another navigable-branch from, at, or near. Gale Mofs, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury* in the faid county palatine of Lancajler.

Cap. 102. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from, or from fome place near Pontnewynydd, into the river Ujk, at or near the town of Neivport; and a collateral cut or canal from the fame, at or near a place called Cryndau Farm to or near to Crumlin Bridge, all in the county of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining railways, or ftone roads, from fuch cuts or canals, to feveral iron works and mines, in the counties ot Monmouth and Brecknock,

Cap. 103. For the better paving, cleaning, widening, and regulating the itreets, courts, roads, lanes, ways, rows, alleys, and publick palfages and places, within the town of Portfea, in the county of Southampton; and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, and obftru&ions within the faid town.

Cap. 104. For building a new gaol and houfe of correction for the town and county borough of Car?narthen, and for Applying the faid town and county borough, and the liberties thereof, with water; and for paving, watching, lighting, cleanf-jng, and regulating the ftreets, lanes, ways, roads, and publick paffages, and for widening, and making the fame more commodious; and removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, and obfirutfions therein; and for other purpofes.

. Cap. 105. For improving the navigation of the river Med-tvay, from the town of MaidJlone> through the feveral parifhes

of

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

t?f Maidjlone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford\ in the county of

. .

Cap, 106, For making and maintaining a navigation from Sleaford Caflle Caufeway, through the town of Sleaford, in the county of Lincoln, along the courfe of Sleaford Mill Stream and Ajw* Eau, to the river fVithamy at or near Cbappel Hill, in the fame county, and for making neceffary cuts for better effecting the faid navigation.

Cap. 107. For enlarging and improving the canal called Tat-terfoall Canals from the river JVithom to the town of TatterJboU9. and extending the fame into the river Bainy and for making the faid river Bain navigable from thence to or into the town of HorncaJlley all in the county of Lincoln ; and alfo for amending and rendering complete the navigable communication between the faid river IVitham and the Fofdike canal, through the High Bridge, in the city of Lincoln.

Cap. 108. For dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds, within the town Or hamlet of March, in the manor and parifh of Doddingtony in the ille of Ely, and county of Cambridge ; and for altering and amending an ad, paffed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majcfty King George the Second, for draining and preferving certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the townfhips or hamlets of March and Wimblingtony and in the parilh of ZJpzvcll, in the ille of Elyy and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 109. For dividing, inclofing, draining, and improving the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the feveral townfhips or hamlets of Hefsley Jnlaby, and Tranby, in the county of the town of King ft on upon Hull; and for making a compenfation in lieu of tythe for certain ancient inclofed lands within the faid feveral townfhips or hamlets, and alfo within the townfhip or hamlet of Woofer ton y otherwise Wofreton, in the fame county.

Cap. no* For dividing and inclofing certain parts of the commons, moors, or trads of wafte land, called Hexhamftoire, and Allendale Common, and alfo certain town fields within the regality or manor of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland\ and for Hinting the depafturing of the other parts of the faid commons, moors, or wafte land,

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. hi. For continuing and amending an ad of the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, for amending the road from the end of the Town Clofe, in the county of the city 0/Norwich, to the Chalk Pits, near Thetford, in the county 0/Norfolk.

Cap. 112, .For continuing and amending an ad of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the rood from Saint Benedid’s Gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to S waff ham, in the county of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the bounds of Yaxham ; and alfo a lane called Hangman’s Lane, near the gates of the fiid city.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the S TATUTES.

Cap. 113. For altering, railing, widening,' repairing, and preferving the road leading from the north end of the turnpike road called The Coal Roady near Weji Auckland, in the county of Durhamy to the Elfdon turnpike road at or near FHjhaioy in the county of Northumberland; and for ereCting, building, and snaking neceffary and convenient bridges, mounts, and batteries, upon the fame.

Cap. 114. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an aCt of the thirteenth year of His prefent Majefty, for repaving the road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill to the Three Mile Burrougli, ct the top of Cherrill Hill, in the county of Wilts ; And for rnori effectually amending the turnpike road from Chittoe Heath, to the town of Caine.

Cap. 115. For enlarging the term, and altering the powers of an aCt, made in the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing and widening the roads from Hand Crofs to Corner Houfe, a?id from thence to the turnpike road leading from Horfham to Steyning, and from Corner Houfe aforefaid to the maypole in the town of Henfield, in the county of SufTex; and aifo 'fcifr keeping in repair a certain branch of road leading from the direction poft near a certain place called The Crab Tree, in the parifh of Beding otherwife Seal, through the parifhes of Nut-hurfl and Horfhamy to the town of Horfham, in the faid county.

Cap. 116. For enlarging the term of an aCt of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing and widening the road from Upton, in the parijh 0/Ratley, to the north end of Bridge Street, in the town of Great Kington, and from thence to the guide poJly at the town of Wellefbourne Haftings, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 117. For repairing and widening the road leading out of the turnpike road from Dover y through Folkejlone to Hythey at a certain place called Canterbury Laney within the liberty of the town of Folkefoney to a certain place, in the parifh of Folke-ftone, called MudJhole\ and for making a new road from thence through a certain field, called Yaldergatesy through Rainden V/oody over S wingfeld Minnisy through Denton \ and for repairing and widening the road from thence to the direction poft on Barham Downs, in the parifh of Barham, at the Four Vents.

Cap. 118. For enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two acts of parliament, made and pa fled in the eighteenth and twenty-fecond years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the high road leading from Bo-roughbridge, in the county of York, through Northallerton, in the fame county, to Croft Bridge, on the river Tees, and from thence through Darlington, in the county 0/Durham, to the city of Durham ; and for reducing the faid acts into one, and for the morq effectually repairing and keeping in repair the faid road.

Cap. 119. For more effectually Amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road fi'ohf the town	upon

V' :	-	:;v:	•	•	-■* - 'fhc)77lCS.%

Hosted by Google.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Thames, in the county of Surrey, to a place called Sbeetbridge, near Pelersfield, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 120. For making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the new bridge Over the water of At-mond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the town of Bathgate, to Bailliejlon, in the county of Lanerk\ and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain branches of road from the faid line of road ; and for building a bridge over the water of Avon at Torphichen .Mill; and for difeharging the truftees for executing two ads pafied in the twenty-fixth and twenty-feventh years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and two ads pafied in the. fourteenth and thirty-firft years of the reign of his prefent xMa-jefty, from the care of fuch part of the road from Newhoufe Inn to Glafgow as leads from the confines of the parifties of Monk-hnd and Shotts to the eaft boundary of Bailliefton aforefaid, and putting the fame under the power of the truftees appointed by this ad.

Cap, 12 i. For enlarging the term and po wers of an ad, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, fo far as relates to the road leading from Renfrew to Greenock, by Corfehill, and by the fide of the river Clyde, and by Port Glafgow, and the bridge at luchinnan; and for more effedually making, and repairing and altering the courfe of the faid road from Renfrew to Greenock; and for making and repairing other roads conneding therewith, and leading to and from Paijley, in the county of Renfrew, and the branches thereof; and for foutting up bye roads that are ufelefs to the. publick.

Cap. 122. For making and repairing the road from the town of Lanark, to the town of Hamilton, in the county of Lanark.

Cap. 123. For enlarging the terms and powers of feveral ^ds, of the twenty-fixth year of his late Majefty’s reign, and, of the eleventh and fifteenth years of his prefent Majefty's reign, for repairing the high roads in the county of Peebles; and for jnaking the faid ads more effedual, and for better regulating the ftatute labour within the faid county.

Cap. 124. For continuing the term, and altering the powers, of fo much of an ad, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the repairing and widening feveral roads leading through the county of Lanark.

Cap. 125. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, made In the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An oft to enlarge the term and^poivers of fo much of an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the road from Cramond Bridge to the town of Queensferry, in the county of Linlithgow,

Cap. 126. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the feveral roads, qr branches of road, leading from the parifhes of Toxford, Saxmundham, and Benhall, in the county of Suffolk % to the tqwn of Aldeburgh\ \n the faid county.

Cap, *27.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the S T ATU TEs;

Cap. 127* For amending, widening, and kcepihg in repair, the road leading from The Hoodgate, at the weft end of the towrt of Middleton in Teefdqle, in the county of Durham, to the gate in the new inclofure called The Edge, near the collieries called Weft Puts, in the parifti of Saint Andrew's Auckland, in the fame county; and alfo a branch from the faid road, at or near the head of the town of Eglefton, to Eglefton Bridge, over the river Tees.

Cap. 123. For repairing and improving the road from the town of Chapel en le Frith to, or near to, Enterclough Bridge, in the county of Derby; and alfo the road from the village of Hcyfield to Marple Bridge, in the laid county; and alfo the road from the village of Glojfop to a certain gate called Claylands Gate, in the townfhip of Longdendale, on or near to the fide of the turnpike road leading from Mottram to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Chefier.

Cap. 129. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Swanfpool Bridge, in the city of Peterv borough, to the town of Thorney, in the ifte of Ely,- in the county of Cambridge; and for altering the courfe of fome part of the faid road.

Cap. 130. For continuing and amending two afts, of the twenty-fixth year of King George the Secondhand the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing, amending, and widening the road leading from the Red Poft, in the PariJh 0/Tivehead, through the towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell ; and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Somerfet; and for repairing, amending, and widening certain other roads within the faid county.

Cap. 131. For enlarging the term and powers of two afts of the tbirty-firft year of King George the Second, and tenth year1 of his prefent Majefty, fo far as relates to the road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the county of York.

Cap. 132. To continue the term of two afts of the feven-teenth year of King George the Second, and the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from the end of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greata Bridge,-' and from thence to Bowes, in the north riding of the county of York.

Cap. 133; For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, pa:fted in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the road from the low water mark of the river Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the parifo <?/Elloughton, in the eajl riding of the county of York, to the north end of the town of Brough, and from thence, through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes^ in the faid riding.

Cap. 134. For continuing and amending two afts, of the feventeenth year of King George the Second, and the ninth year' cf his prefent Majefty, fo far as relates to repairing the road

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

from the town of Buckingham to the north extent of the pariffi of Hanwell, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 135. For enlarging and altering the terms and powers of twofeveral a£ts of parliament, made and paffed in the twenty-hrft and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the high road from the town of Bowes, in the county of York, to Barnard Caftle, in the county of Durham, and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bifhop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundlefs Bridge, and from thence by Melderfton Gill otherwife Cowndon Gill, to the turnpike road near Sunderland Bridge, in . the county of Durham ; and for reducing the faid acls into one, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the faid road.

Cap. 136. For continuing the term, and enlarging the’ powers, of two ads, paffed in the feventeenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the fourth year of the reign ot his prefent Majefty, for repairing the rood between the town of Kingfton upon Hull and the toivn 0/Beverley, in the # eafl riding of the county of York ; and for repairing the road from Newiand Bridge to the weft end of the toivn Cottingham, in the [aid riding.

Cap. 137. For making, amending, and keeping in repair, a road from the bottom of Mafo?i9s Lane, near the town of Bradford, in the county of Wilts, to join the turnpike road leading from the city of Bath to Kingfdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 138. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, paffed in the eleventh year of the reign, of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from Hodges to Beadles Hill,’ and from thence to the town of Cuckfield, and from Beadlcs'Hill aforefaid to the town of Lind field, and from the turnpike road between Cuckfield and Crawley to the town of Hor-fh am ; and alfo the road from S wingate, in the parifb fl/'Burwaft), to Shover Green, in the parifb of Tieehurfl, all in the county of)

Suffex.

Cap. 139. For making and maintaining a road from, or nearly from, Stand Edge, within Saddleworth, in the weft riding of the county of York, to or near Mump's Brooks in the townfhip oi Oldham> in the parifh of Prefhvich, in the county . palatine of Lancafer, and alfo a road leading out of the faid intended road, through or near Dobcrofs, to or near a place called Wall Hill in Saddleworth aforefaid ; and alfo another road leading out of the faid firft mentioned* road, at or near a place called Shaw Half to or near a place called Hollins, all in Saddle-worth aforefaid.

Cap. 140. For enlarging the term and powers of two a61s, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, for repairing the road leading from the market houfe in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Vol. XXXVII.	b	Worceftcr,

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Worcefter, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, refpeSlively, fo far as the /aid a Sts relate to the repairing of the roads from Blakedown Pool, in the parijh tf/'Hagley and county of Worcefter, to the top 0/Smallbrooke Street; and from The Five Ways to Eaiy Row, in Birmingham, in the faid county 0/Warwick.

Cap. 141. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<ft, of the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral roads leading from the town of Warminfter, in the county of Wilts, and for amending feveral other roads in or near the faid town ; for re-pairing feveral roads in and leading through the town of Warminfter ; for paving and repairing the footways, and regulating the market, zvitbin the faid town of Warminfter.

Cap. 142. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<5t, patted in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and ividening the road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the city of York.

Cap. 143. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an a<5t of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Burlton, in the county of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymy-nech, in the fame county, and from Knockin to the eajl end of the Llanriader road; and from Place Carrick Lane to the turnpike road from Llanymynech to Ofweftry, near Coid Itta mountain, and from Ofweftry turnpike road on Knockin Heath, to the eajl end of Knockin Lane.

Cap. 144. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Penn Inn, in the county of Dorfet, to or near Shipley Lane, in the'parifh of Honiton, in the county of Devon, and from Northcote Lane, in Honiton afore-faid, to or near Collumpton, in>the faid county of Devon ; and feveral other roads in the counties of Dorjet, Devon, and So-merfet; and for repealing fo much of an a<ft, pafted in the thirty-firft year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening feveral roads in the counties of Dorfet and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis, as relates to the road from Fair Mile Inn to Straightway 'Head otherwife Stretzvood Head, in the parifh of Whimple, in the (aid county of Devon.

Cap. 145. For repairing and improving the road leading from Cornhill Burn, by Patiinfburn and Flodden Lane to Milfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick, and alfo feveral other reads therein mentioned; all in the counties of Northumberland and Durham.

Cap. 146. For amending, widening, altering, and repairing the roads from Swell JVold, in the pat ifti of Lozver Swell, in the county of Gloucejler, to or near the fix mile ftone on the turn-pjke road leading from the borough of Tewkefbury to the town of Stow, in the fame county; and from the north-ea.ft end of The Swan Lane, in the parifh of Cheltenham, in the fame county, to the turnpike road leading to Evejlmm, in the parifh of Sedge-borough, in the county of Worcefter; and from the town of

Wincbcomb.,

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Winch comb, in the laid county of Gloucejler, by a place called Stamp Crofs, to or near the tenth mile (tone on the laid turnpike road, leading from Tewkefbury to Stow aforefaid.

Cap, 147. To enlarge the term, and alter and amend the powers of two feveral a£ls, paffed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, and the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing' the road from the fouth end of the South Street, in the'parifh of South Mailing, near the town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Lohgbridge, in the parifh of AI-frifton, in the county ofSuffex, (except fo far as the faid a&s relate to that part of the faid road which lies between a place, commonly called Bopeep, in the parifh of Alcifon, and Long-bridge aforefaid); and for amending and keeping in repair feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the faid county of SuJJ'ex.

Cap. 148. For repairing and improving the road leading from the town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the county of Suffolk, to and through the town of Thetford, in the county of Norfolk, to the prefent turnpike road leading from Lynn, through the parifh of Granwich, in the faid county of Norfolk.

Cap. 149. For repealing an a6t of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the roads from the confines of the county ^Berwick, at or near Bang-houfe Walls, to Compton’s Lanes and Eymouth, and from the town tf/Tccies to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Compton’s Lanes, in the county 0/Berwick ; and for repairing, widening, and amending feveral roads, and for regulating the fhatute labour, in the faid county of Berwick.

Cap. 150. For enlarging the term and powers of an a<5t, palled in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road from the market houfe, in the toivn of Great Farringdon, in the county of Berks, to Burford, in the county 0/Oxford.

Cap. 151. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, paffed in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the Eaton Bridge turnpike road at Cockham Hill, in the parifh of Wefterham, in the county of Kent, through the village of Limpf-field, to the village fl/'Titfey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Wallingham Common, to the turnpike road leading from Croydon to Godftone, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 152. For enlarging the term and powers of an a£t, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to continue the term of two aftsy made in the twenty -fixth and twenty-feventb years of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, for repairing feveral roads leading into the city of Glafgow, fo far as the fame relate to the roads from the city of Glafgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile Houfe, to the toivn of Airdrie, and from the village of Gor-bals to thex chapel of Cambuflang, in the counties of Lanerk and

♦ b % 4	Renfrew*

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Renfrew, fo far as the faid a& relates to the road from the city

of Glafgow to Yoker Bridge; and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair, the faid road, and the road of communication between the faid road from Glafgow to Yoker Bridge, and the canal from The Forth to The Clyde.

Cap. 153. For repairing, widening, turning, and altering th'e road leading from the town of Burford, in the county of Oxford, to Leachlade, in the county of Gloucejler, and for making a road from thence to the river Ifis or Thames; for building a bridge acrofs the faid river, and for making a road from thence to join the prefent road leading from Leachlade to Ingle-Jha?n\ and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the faid laft mentioned road to and through the town of Hlghworib, in the county of Wilts, to the prefent turnpike road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the fame county.

Cap. 154. For altering and enlarging the powers of an acf, pa(Ted in the thirty-.firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from Livingfton, by the kirk of. Shots, to the city of Glaigow, and other roads therein mentioned; and k for building a bridge over the river Clyde^ at or near Tbecvesford, and for opening and making certain ftreets in and near the city of Glafgow ; for altering a part of the high road betwixt Edinburgh and Glafgow, by carrying a new line of road to the north of the hills, and another line of road by the fouth, and for fcraightening and making the roads more convenient; as alfo for altering the road from the city of Glafgow to the town of Hamilton, and for building a bridge over the river Clyde below the prefent old bridge, called Botkwell Bridge; as alfo for altering-the road from the town of Hamilton, eaftwardf until it joins the great road between Edinburgh and Glafgow,

Cap. 155. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two adds, paffed in the eighteenth year of the reign of.his late majefty King George the Second, and the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Tadcafter Bridge, within the county of the city of York, to d place near the faid city> called Hobmoor Lane End.

Cap. 156. For repairing, altering, and improving the road from Golden Grove Park, in the parifh of LJandilofawr, to the turnpike road leading from the new bridge over the river Toivy to the lime kilns in the parifh of Llandarog ; and alfo feveral other roads therein mentioned, all in the county of Carmarthen.

Cap. 157. For repealing an a6l paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Stone to Lane End, and to the road between Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford, in the county of Stafford, and for granting ether powers for thofe purpofes; and for repairing and improving the road from a place'called Walton, in Stone aforefaid, to Eccle-fhaU, in the faid county of Stafford.

Cap. 158. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an adt paffed in the twelfth year of the

reign

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the eaji end of the bridge acrofs the river Quze, in Downham Market, to The Queen’s Head, and from The Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforefaid, to the eaji end of the two mile clofe, in the parifh 0/* Barton, and towards Watton, to a place called The Devil’s Ditch, in the county of Norfolk; aitd for flopping up the road leading from Stradfet, through Bartoji Layes, towards Watton.

Cap. 159. For amending and more effedlually repairing the road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunflable, in the county of Bedford, to The King's Arms> in Hockliffe, in the faid county.

Cap. 160. To continfie the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an a61, palled in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Shelton to the road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to Wef-ton Coyney, and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge, and from the fame road to the road between Blyth Marlh and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the county of Stafford, fo far as the fame relates to the road From Shelton to Black Latie Head, and from Buknall to Weflon Coyney♦

PRIVATE ACTS.

r. A N adl for naturalizing John Baptift Davallon.

il 2. An adl for dividing and allotting feveral open and common lands and grounds, within the parifh of Averbury, in the county of Wilts.

3.	An a cl for dividing and inclofing certain commons or wafte lands, being parts of Meridip Lyatt, and Binder Hill, within the parifhes of Crofcombe and Binder, in the county of Somerfet.

4.	An act to enable Gilbert Trowe Beckett efquire, and his iflue male, to take the name, and bear the arms of Turner, purfuant to the will of Martha Turner, widow, deceafed.

An a<5t for naturalizing Richard Walker.

6.	An adl for naturalizing John Alphonfo Boxat and Charles Frederick Brandt.

7.	An adl for naturalizing John Mark Gourgas and James Soret.

8.	An adl for naturalizing John William Hentig and Jacob Anderfon.

9.	An adl for naturalizing Herman Schroder.

10.	An adl to enable truftees to cut down and fell timber upon the eftates devjfed and fettled by the will of Ralph Carr efquire, and to invert the monies arifing therefrom in the purchafe of lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes of the will, and for Other purpofes therein mentioned.

11.	An adl for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of WaU

in the Would*} in the county of Leicejler•

12-. An Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

J2. And aft for carrying into execution an agreement between * the matter and fcholars ot Balliol College, in the univerfity of Oxford, and the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, for vetting in the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fucceflbrs, certain ground and buildings in the parilh of Saint Lawrence Jewry, London, and for fecuring to the laid matter and fcholars, and their fucceflbrs, certain yearly rents in lieu thereof,

13.	An aft to diflolve the marriage of William Raybould with Joannab Pearfall, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

14.	An aft to diflolve the marriage*of John Larking efquire, with Elizabeth Marcon, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

15.	An aft to diflolve the marriage of John Wilmot efquire, with Fanny Sainthill, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

j6. An aft for dividing and allotting in feveralty the op6n and common fields and downs, common meadows, common paftures, and commonable places, in the parilh of Knooke, in* the county of Wilts.

17.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open fields and grounds, within the parilh of North Grimjlon, in the eafi riding of the county of York,

18.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parilh of Redmile, in the county of Leicejler.

19.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, ings, common meadows, and other commonable lands in the parilh of Wood Enderby, in the county of Lincoln.

20.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commonable lands, and watte grounds, within the parilh of Broadwell> in the county

of Gloucefler,

21.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, downs, commons, and commonable lands within the parilh of Turkdean, in the county of Gloucefler.

22.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other common-able places, in the parilh of Aynho, in the county of Northampton. .

23.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain watte land moors, or commons, within the manor of Reedfdale, and parilh of Corfenfide, in the county of Northumberland,

24.	An aft for vetting a leafehold eftate, late of John Black-burne enquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, and for applying the money arifing therefrom in the manner therein mentioned.

25.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common marfh, and other watte grounds, in the parilh of Tydd Saint Mary, in the county of Lincoln,

26. Am

f

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

26.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open and common fields, common paftures, and other common-able lands or grounds, within the parifh of Ogbourn Saint George, in the county of Wilts.

27.	An ad for effectuating certain exchanges between "the right honourable the ear! Pitzwilliam and Francis Ferr and FoU jambe efquire, and the right honourable the lord Hawke and the faid Francis Ferrand Foljambe> and to enable truftees to make future exchanges of a detached part of the eftates of the faid Francis Ferrand Foljambe.

28.	An act for difcharging part of the leafehold eftates of Edward Baron de Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Middlefex> from the pin money jointure, and younger childrens portions fecured thereon, and for making fuch portions the firft charge upon the refidue of the funds fubjeded thereto, and for impowering the truftees of the faid Baron de Clifford to fell the remainder of thd faid leafeholds, and apply the produce upon the trufts of his marriage fettlement, and until faley to grant building and repairing leafes.

29.	An ad for veiling the lands and eftates of Melgund and Kynnyndmond, and other lands and eftates comprifed in the deed of entail executed by the deceafed fir Alexander Murray baronet, upon the thirteenth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ten, in truftees, in truft to fell the fame, and in veil the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands, to ba fettled and fecured to the fame feries of heirs, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are contained in the aforefaid deed of entail.

30.	An ad for enabling the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of the holy and undivided Trinity of Brijlol to grant a leafe of part of the lands of the faid dean and chapter, in the parifh of Saint Michael the archangel, in the city of Brijlol, for the purpofe of building thereon.

31.	An ad for veiling in truftees the legal eftate in fee fimple of divers manors and other hereditaments, mortgaged or conveyed in truft to John Trehawh, efquire, deceafed, after the date of his will.

32.	An ad to enable the vicar of the parifh and parifh church-of Saint Mary JJlington, in the county of Middlefex, to grant building leafes of certain glebe lands belonging to the faid vicarage.,

33.	An ad for confirming and carrying into execution certain articles of agreement, made and entered into between the reverend John Taylor, curate of the curacy of Clifton, in the parifh of Wejtbury upon Trym, in the county of Gloucejler, and Harry Eldertony of the city of Briflol, gentleman, for granting a building leafe of a certain piece or parcel of ground belonging to the faid curacy.

34..	An ad to impower Philip Goldfworthy efquire, tenant for life under the will of Martha Gajbry deceafed, to grant building or repairing leales.

35,	An ad to enable.the truftees in the fettlement executed

a	on

Hosted by Google

A TABLE 6f. the..STATUTES.t

on the marriage of Henry Tenge efquire, and Ann Eliza his wife, to fell and difpofe of a capital meffuage or fnanfion houfe, and other hereditaments, in the county of Somerfet, and to lay out the money arifing from the fale thereof in the purchafe of old South Sea annuities, upon the trufts of the faid fettlement. ,

36.	An ad for vefting the fettled eftates of Thomas Griffith efquire, and Henrietta Maria .his wife, in the parifh of Kidding-ton alias Cuddington, in the county of Chejler, and in the parifhes oi Llanviiling and Tenant, in the county of Montgomery, in fir Richard Brook baronet, as mortgage in fee fimple, and for vefting. the equity of redemption thereof in the faid Thomas Griffith,and his heirs, and for fettling an eftate of the faid Thomas Griffith, in the parilh of Mold, in the county of Flint, in lieu thereof.

37.	An ad to enable Edward Curtis, during his life, and, after his death, the guardians of his children, during their minority, to grant building leafes of certain pieces of ground at Clifton, in the county of Gloucejler.

38.	An ad for vefting certain fettled leafehold lands and tenements of Edward Daniel gentleman, and Catherine his-wife, in that part of the parifh of Clifton which lies within the city,of Brijlol, in truftees, to be fold, and for applying the,money arifing from the fale thereof in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled upon the trufts of the faid fettled, eftates.

39.	An ad to enable the heir, or heirs at law, of the furviv-ing truftee of lands and' hereditaments, in the parilhes of Chal-forit Saint Peter s and Ivor, in the county of Bucks, purchafed with part of the perfonal eftate of Charles Churchill efquire, de-ceafed, by virtue of an ad of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, to fell and convey the fame lands and hereditaments, for a confederation to be paid into the hands of the truftees of the perfonal eftate of Charles Churchill efquire, deceafed ; and alfo to enable the faid truftees to inveft the faid purchafe money, and other the faid perfonal eftate, in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes, and with tLie limitations, mentioned in the faid ad of parliament, and again to fell and difpofe of the fame lands and hereditaments, and any other lands that may be purchafed under the fame ad, or by virtue of this ad, and to inveft the purchafe monies arifing therefrom either in the publick funds, or upon fecurities, or in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be conveyed to the fame ufes.

, 40, An ad for vefting thofe parts of the lands and eftate of Blythfwood, and others, which lie in the county of Lanerk, in truftees, for the purpofe of felling or feuing the fame, and for inverting the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and eftates, more commodious and contiguous to the other and greater part of the faid eftate of Blythfivood, which lies in the county of Renfrew, and for fettling and fecuring the lands and eftates, fo to be purchafed, to, and in favour of, the fame feries of heirs, in fee tail, and under the fame reftridions,

con-

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

conditions, arid limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a deed of entail, made in the year one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-nine, by Colin Campbell, of Blythfwood, deceafed.

41.	An adt to fubjedt and charge a competent part of the fettled eftates of James Tempter efquire, in the county of Devon, with a fum of money to be applied and difpofed of for the pur-pofes therein mentioned.

42.	An adt for verting certain mefluages, lands, and other hereditaments, in the countries of Berks and Bucks (being the eftates deviled and fettled by the will of Cathei'ine Edwin fpin-fter, deceafed) in rruftees, to be fold and conveyed to John Mar-tindale efquire, and his heirs, and for laying out the money arif-ing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be more conveniently fituate as therein mentioned, to be fettled to the fame ufes as the faid fettled eftates now ftand fettled by the faid will.

43.	An adt to enable the redtor of the parifh and parifh church of Preffwich cum Oldham, in the county paiarine of Lancajlcr\ for the time being, to grant leafes of the glebe belonging to the faid redtory.

44.	An adt for confirming, and rendering effectual, a partition between Daniel Leo efquire, and Letitia his wife, and Mary Pulejlon widow, of feveral eftates in the counties of Flinty Denbigh, and Caernarvon, late the eftates of John Davies of Liancrtby efquire, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

45.	An adt for effedtuating and eftablifhing an exchange agreed upon between Charles duke of Norfolk, and Francis Fcr-ratid Foljambe efquire, of certain lands and other hereditaments, in the counties of York, Nottingham, and Derby.

46.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open fields, and other commonable and wade lands, within the parifh of TVelton in the Marjh, in the county of Lincoln.

47.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Vffingtony in the county of Lincoln.

48.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common and wafte grounds within the manor or liberty of Stanley, in the county of Derby.

49.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townfhip of Syerjlon^ in the county of Nottingham.

50.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, moors, meadows, and paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Tealby, otherwife Tev\lbyy in the county of Lincoln.

51.	An adt for inclofing, and leafing or letting, certain commons, or wafte grounds, lying within the parifh of Colton, in the county of Stafford, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poor’s rates in the faid parifh, and for making exchanges of lands within the faid parifh.

52.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, a tract of

Vol. XXXVII.	c"'	.	cum.

Hosted by

Google

A TABLE of the .STATUTES^

common or wade land, part of the foreft of Mendip* lying with-; in the manors of Eaji HorringUon and Gbilcoty in the out parifh of Saint Cuthbert in JVelhy in the county of Somerfet.

53.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Statherny in the county of Leicefler.

54.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte lands, within the manor and parilh of Mold, in the county of Flint.

55.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, and wafte lands, called Cbeflyn Common, in the liberties of Great Saredon, Little Saredony and Great Wyrley, in the county of Stafford.

.56. An act to extend the powers and provifions of an ad, of the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefty, for dividing and inclofing the open fields, ings, commons, and wafte grounds, within the manor and townfhip of Hutton Bujhelly in the north riding of the county ot York, to the townfhip of W.eft Aytony in the parifh of Hutton Bujhell aforefaid.

57.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral open common fields, meadows, ings, commons, and wafte grounds, in the avianor and townfhip of Monk FryJlony in the weft riding of the county of York.

58.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields,

ings, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the town-fhip.-of Tockwitbyin the parifh of Biltany in the county of the city ' of York.	,

59.	An ad For dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows,’common paftures, and other common-able lands and wafte,grounds, within the feveral parifhes of Rod-marton and Coat}, in the county of Gloucejhr \ and alfo for fettling and afeertaining. tlie boundaries of the faid parifhes.

60.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields and wafte lands within the common fields only, in the parifh of Monk Sherborne, in the county of Southampton.

61.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common downs, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parilh of Ship ton, in the county of Southampton.

62.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Hemf-vjelL the county of Lincoln.

63.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, coppices, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Lambleyy in the county of Nottingham.

64.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and inclofed common fields, common woods, waftes, commons, and other lands, within the parifh of Gedling, comprifing the feveral hamlets of Gedling^ Stoke Bardolphy and Carlton in the county of Not-tin o ham.

65.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the common and open

fields.

Hosted by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES

fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Weldon, in the county of Northampton.

66.	An a<ft for dividing and inciofing the open common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commons, heaths, wafte and other commonable lands or grounds, within3the manor and chapelry of Stouthleigb, in the parifh of Stanton Harcourt, in the county of Oxford.

67.	An adf for dividing and inciofing the open fields, meadows, foreft commons, and wafte lands, within the parifh of Basfordy in the county of Nottingham.

68. An acf to enable Nut combe ^htick, of Nutcombe, in the county of Devon, clerk, and his firft and other Tons and their ifliie male, and his daughters and their iflue, to take and ufe the furname of Nutcombe, according to the laft will and teftament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett deceafed, and for ratifying conveyances made by the faid Nutcombe §>uicky and his only fon, by the fur-name of Nutcombe.

69.	An adt for naturalizing Jofeph Ventura♦

70.	An adt for naturalizing Anne Marie Mainwaring and fames Mainwaririg.

71.	An adt for veiling feveral lands and hereditaments, of which Jacob earl of Radnor is tenant for life, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money to arife therefrom in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the like ufes, in lieu thereof.

72.	An adt for dividing and inciofing the open common fields, common meadows and pafture, wafte grounds, hills, downs, and other commonable and wafte lands, within the feveral manors of Lower otherwife Nether Hampeny Shipton Sollers and Shipton OUiffey in the parifhes of Shipton Sollers and Shipton Olliffe, in the county of Gloucejler, and Come pieces of land which extend into the parilhes of Whittington and Dowdefwell, in the fame county.

Ekd of the TABLE*

Hosted by

Hosted by Google

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno regni GEQRGII III.	,	-

nee Britannia.)	Francice, ,

tricejimo fecundo.

j*

AT	parliament begun and. holder at Weft- • -

minfter, the twenty fifth day of November,

Anno Domini 1790, in the thirty firfl year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE the	,

by the grace of God; of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defaider of the f, &c. And from thence continued) by fever al prorogations, to the thirty-firfi day of January 1792; being the fecond fejjion of the feventeenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An a5l to extend to tie provifions of certain a5ls of parliament made to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to ferve in parliament.

WHEREAS by an ad, paffed in the eleventh year of the reign Preamble.

of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An add to explain and amend jiGro 3.0.43 an aft, made in the lad: feilion of parliament, intituled, An ad to and 28 Geo 3 regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to a recited ferve in parliament; it is enacted', That, on the day appointed by the houfe of commons for taking into corjicleration any petition complaining of an undue eledhon, or return of any member to ferve in parliament, the houfe Jhall not proceed to any . other bufmefs whatfoever, except the fwearing of members, previous to the reading the order of the day for that purpofe; and whereas by an a51, pajfea in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majcfiy, intituled, An add for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members You XXXVII.	Hh	to

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 2. [1792*

to ferve in parliament, it is enafted, "That it J,ball and may be lawful for the houfe, previous to the reading fuch order, to proceed to fuch other bufmefs as in the faid aft is particularly fpecified: and whereas it is of importance, that the like power fhould be extended to the feveral cafes herein-after mentioned, be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That on the day appointed by the houfe for taking into confideration any petition complaining of an undue election, or return of any member to ferve in parliament, or the petition of any perfon or p.crfons defiring to oppcfe any right of election, or the right of chufing, nominating, or appointing any returning officer or returning officers, which fhail have been deemed valid by the determination of any felect committee, it {hall and may be lawful for the houfe, previous to the reading the order or orders for edYor trial of taking any fuch petition or petitions into confideration, to rearticles of ceive any mefiage or meflages from the lords; and alfo that it b^hnefsr^cef- an^ may lawful for the houfe, on the days appointed for iary for car- the trial of any articles of impeachment exhibited or to be exhi-ryingon the bitea^by the commons before the lords in parliament, previous profecution	the reading any fuch order or orders as aforefaid, to proceed to

manner beC	an7 bufmefs that may be neceflary for the purpofe of carrying on

proceeded on. the profecution of fuch impeachment*

On days appointed by the commons for taking petitions into con • fule rati on, mat Pages from the lords may be received previous to rvacling the order of the day; and on days appoint

CAP. 11.

An aft to repeal the duties on certain inhabited houfes containing lefs than Jeven windo ws, or lights, granted by an aft of the fixih year of

the reign of his prejent Majejly.

Preamble. W1 HERE AS by an aft, made in the fix th year of the reign of his 6Geo. 3. c. 38. VV prefent Majejly, {intituled. An for repealing the feveral recited.	duties	upon	houfes,	windows,	and	lights,	and	for	granting	to his

Majefty other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights), it ivas among other; things enafted, That there Jhould be charged, raifed, levied, and paid? unto his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors, feveral rates and ditties upon houfes therein-afler mentioned; that is to fay; for every divelling houfe inhabited, which then was or thereafter Jhould be 1 reSted within that part of Great Britain called England, the yearly fum of three fillings; and for every dwelling houfe inhabited, which then was or thereafter jhould be erefted within that pari ofG reat Britain called Scotland, the yearly fum of one /hilling: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre-From April 5, fent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That* from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, no dwelling houfe inhabited throughout Great Britain, which fhail not contain more than fix windows or lights* fhail be charged or chargeable with the faid refpedfive rates and duties of three {hillings, and one {hilling, but {hall be wholly freed,

exempted,

1792, no dwelling houfe containing lefs than feven window's chargeable

Hosted by Google

1792*] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c, £

exempted, and difeharged therefrom; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the powers and authorities given and granted by the faid recited aft, or any other aft of parliament, in relation to the faid recited rates and duties, fhall be no longer ufed, applied, or put in execution, with refpeft to fuch d welling houfes inhabited within Great Britain which (hall not contain feven windows or lights, but fhall in that refpeft ceafe and determine; fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid rates and duties, and to the accounting for the fame, or to any penalty or forfeiture which fhall have been incurred upon or at any time before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, any tiding herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

If. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exempt from the payment of the faid recited duties, any edifice in any of the inns of court or chancery, or any chamber or apartment in any college or hall, in any of the univerfities of Great Britain, by reafon of fuch edifice, chamber, or apartment, feparately containing lefs than feven windows or lights, but that the fame fhall be charged as before the making of this aft; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

455

with the duty impofed by the recited a<£t.

Adi not to extend to apartments in inns of court, & c.

CAP. III.

An aft for repealing the duties on female fervants.

WHEREAS hy an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign Preamble.

of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft to repeal the duties a5Geo.3x.4ft* on male fervants, and for granting new duties on male and female recited, fervants; it was enafted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, there Jhould be paid unto his Majejty, his heirs andfuccefj'ors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by all p erf on s who Jhould retain or employ any female fervant or fervants, fuch yearly fu?ns as are therein mentioned: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, From April from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred 5* I.793,> t^e and ninety-two, the duties on female fervants granted by the faid ^ale fa*vants recited aft fhall ceafe and determine; and that then, and from granted by * thenceforth, all the powers and authorities given and granted, and the recited the rules and regulations eftablifhed and preferibed by the faid to cea&* recited aft, or by any other aft of parliament, in relation to the managing, fecuring, afeertaining, collecting, recovering^ levying, and paying the faid duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in refpeft thereof, fhall alfo ceafe and determine; fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid duties, and to the accounting for the fame, or to apy penalty or forfeiture which fhall have

H h a	been

Hosted by Google

45^

Preamble. 23Geo,3. c .66. and

25Geo.3.c.47'

recited.

From April 5, 1792, the duties impof-ed by the firft related aft to ceafe.

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 4. [1791-

been incurred upon or at anytime before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

CAP. IV.

An a 51 for repealing the duties on waggons, wains, carts, and other carriages, granted by an a5i of the twenty-third year of the reign of his prefe?it Majefty.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the tzventy-third year of the reign of his prejent Majefty, intituled, An ail for granting to his Majefty federal rates and duties upon waggons, wains, carts* and other fuch carriages, not charged with any duty under the 'management of the commiftioners of excife; certain rates and du~ ties were charged upon every perjon who foould keep any waggon, wain, cart, or other fuch carriage zvith three or four wheels, or any cart ‘or other carriage with two wheels, (except fuch carriages as were then charged with any duty under the ?nanagement of the commijfioners of excife), and the Jaid rates and duties zuere placed under the receipt and management of the commijfioners for managing the duties on ftamped veU lum,parchment, and paper: andwhereas by another aft,made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign ofhis prefent Majefty, intituled, An aflfortransfer-ring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commiftioners of excife and the commiftioners of {lamps refpeflively, to the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo for making further proviftons in refpeft to the faid duties fo tranf-rerred ; the receipt and management of the faid recited rates and duties were transferred from the faid commijfioners of’ft amps to the commif-fioners for the affairs of taxes, and the feveralpowers, rules, methods,. regulations, and proviftons, by the faid a5i of the twenty-third year of his faid Majefty preferibed, zvere determined, and further proviftons were made for levying, collecting, and fecuring the faid recited rates and duties: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it maybe enacted, and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, the feveral rates and duties granted by the faid a£l of the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, fhall ceafe and determine; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the powers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations eftablifhed and preferibed by the faid recited a 61 of the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, for or in relation to the managing, fecuring, afeertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the faid rates and duties, and all penalties in refpect thereof, (hall alfo ceafe and determine; fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid rates and duties, and to the accounting for the fame, or to any penalty or forfeiture which fhall have been incurred upon or at any time before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, any thing before contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

*	CAP*

Hosted by Google

457

x792-3 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Geokgii III. c. 5, 6!

CAP. V.

An a<ft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.—4s. in the pound in England, to raife 1,989,6731. 7s. iod. iq. in Scotland, 47,954!. is. ad. — total 2,037,6271. 93. cd. iq.

CAP. VI.

An aft for repealing the duties upon malt, granted by an aft made in the thirty-firft year* of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled,

An act for granting to his Majefty additional duties upon malt.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the thirty-firf year of the reign Preamble.

of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An act for granting to his 31 Geo. 3,0.3. Majefty additional duties upon malt,) certain additional duties were recited, impofed, upon.malt, and certain allowances were dir eft ed to be paid and allowed, out of the monies to arije by thefa id duties, to every common br eiver or other p erf on orperfons who brewed beer or ale, and fold or tapped out the fame publickly or privately: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enatfted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament x aflembled, and b v the authority of the fame, That, from and after and from April the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, 5> r792j the the faid duties fhall ceafe and determine; fave and except in all	^

cafes relating to the recovering of any arrears thereof refpecfively ceafe. which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto refpec-tively, which fhall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Allowances the faid allowances fhall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid granted by re-or payable to any common brewer, or other perfon or perfons who mid1 for fhall brew beer or ale, and fell or tap out the fame publickly or beer begun to privately, for or in refpedt of any beer or ale whatfoever which be brewed af-fhall be begun to be brewed after the firft day of April one thou- ter April 1, fand feven hundred and ninety-two.	i792*

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That For dry un-there fhall be paid to every maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, ground malt feller or retailer of malt, brewer, aiftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or	x

vinegar maker, for fuch malt as fhall be in the itock, cuftody, or and<April 6, * poffeffion, of fuch perfon orperfons, for all dry unground malt, 1792, an al-which he, fhe, or they fhall produce to the fight of the officer or lowance to be officers of excife, and which fhall be taken an account of, mac^e>V1Z* and the quantity thereof ascertained by fuch officer or officers i n manner he rein-after mentioned, between the firft day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and the fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and for which the faid duties fhall have been charged or paid, the feveral allowances and fums of money following; that is fay,

H h 3	For

Hosted by Google

458 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 6. [1792,

3d. perbufhel For every bufhel of fuch dry unground malt, in that part of in England, Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon and	Tweed.\	the fum of three-pence ;

id. aq. in	And	for	every	bufhel	of fuch dry unground malt, in that part

Scotland. of Great Britain called Scotland, the fum of one penny halfpenny.

No perfon to IV\ And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,1That no be inti tied to maltfters or makers of malt For fale, fellers or retailers of malt* the faid al- brewers, diftillers, innkeepers, victuallers, or vinegar-makers, fhall hTco^plies^3 ^ave> or be intitled to any fuch allowance, flnlefs he, fhe, or they with the regu- fhall refpeCtively give notice in writing, two days previous to the relations herein cond day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, to the iperified. proper officer of excife of his, her, or their name and place of abode, and alfo of the particular houfe, outhoufe, barn, or other place where any dry unground malt, for or in refpeCt of which he, fhe, or they intends or intend to claim any fuch allowance, fhall be kept, laid, or depofited, and unlefs he, fhe, or they (hall alfo, before the faid fecond day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, place all fuch malt, for or in refpedt of which he, fhe, or they intends or intend to claim any fuch allowance as fhall then be aCtually dried and finifhed into fuch form as (hall enable the officer or officers of excife conveniently to guage, take an account of and afeertain the quantity thereof; and in cafe any corn or grain which fhall be in operation for the making thereof into malt, upon any of thofe refpedtive days before mentioned, fhall be actually dried, finifhed, and made into malt by any maltfter, or maker of malt for lale, before the time when the officer or officers of excife fhall take an account of the dry unground malt in the ftock, cuftody, or pofleffion of fuch maltfter or maker of malt, or in cafe any dry unground malt fhall be brought by water under the regulations in this adt contained, and fhall be delivered into the ftock of any fuch maltfter, or maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of malt, brewery diftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar-maker, before the officer or officers fhall have taken fuch account thereof as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe, no fuch maitfters or makers of malt for fale, fellers or retailers of malt, brewers, diftillers, innkeepers, victuallers, or vinegar-makers, fhall have or be intitled to any fuch allowance in refpeCt of fuch malt, unlefs he, fhe or they fhall give previous notice in writing by the fpace of twelve hours to the proper officer of excife of his, her, or their intention to claim fuch allowance in refpeCt of fuch malt, and of the place where fuch malt fhall be kept or depofited, and fhall place all fuch malt into the like form, fo that the officer or officers of excife may conveniently take fuch account thereof, as is by this a£t directed.

The pofition V, And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That a^reeable tef^ a^ter any ^or or re^Pe(^ of which any fuch allowance may this aW, not be claimed, fhall have been placed in fuch form as is dire&ed by to be altered this adt, no maltfter or maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of before April 6, malt or beer, or diftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar-maker,

fhall*

Hosted by Google

*792*] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii JIL c. 6.	459

(hall, on any pretence whatever, alter the pofition thereof, until after *7?-> °p pe-the fifth day of one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two; and that no maltfter or maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer ^ before that of malt, brewer, diftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar-maker, day all claim fnali remove, carry, or fend away, or caufe or procure to be re- to an allow-moved, carried, or fent away, any fuch malt from the houfe, out-houfe, barn, or other place in which the fame fhall have been fo '* guaged, or an account taken thereof, before the fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two; and if any fuch maltfter or maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of malt, brewer, diftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar-maker, {hall, contrary to the directions of this a£t, alter the pofition of any fuch malt, for or in refpeCt of which he, fhe, or they fhall claim any fuch allowance, the, perfon or perfons fo offending fhall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and if any maltfter or maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of malt, brewer, diftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar-maker, fhall remove, carry, or fend away, or caufe or procure to be removed, carried, or fent away, any fuch malt, before the faid fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, contrary to ' the directions of this aCt, he, file, or they fhall forfeit all right, tide, or claim, to any allowance which he, fhe, or they might otherwife have been intitled to under or by virtue of this aCt, for or in relpeCt of fuch malt fo removed, carried, or fent away.

VI.	Provided always neverthelefs. That all brewers, diftillers, but on giving innkeepers, victuallers, and vinegar-makers, who fhall give to the jJotl(:e 33 officer or officers of excife, under whofe furvey he, fhe, or they f^be^an'y fhall then be, previous notice in writing, by the fpace of twenty- quantity four hours of his, her, or their intention to make ufe of any fuch thereof may malt, fo that the officer may attend and take an account, and af- ^ ultch certain the true quantity thereof, fpecifying the quantity fo intended to be ufed, fhall be at liberty to make ufe of fuch quantity of

his, her, or their malt, for or in refpeCl of which he, fhe, or they

fhall claim any fuch allowance, without being liable to forfeit his,

her, or their right, title, or claim to fuch allowance, for or in

refpedt thereof, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary	.	.

in anywife notwithftanding, fo that the refidue of fuch malt fhall be

left and placed in fuch form and pofition as to enable the officer

or officers of excife to guage, take account and afeertain the

quantity thereof, in the manner herein-before directed.

VII.	And be it further enaCfed by the authority aforefaid, That Between April it fhall and may be lawful to and for all and every the officer and of-

ficers of excife at his and their free will and pleafure, at anytime or office rs^may, times, in the day time, between the fii ft day of April one thoufand in the day feven hundred'and ninety-two, and the fixth day of April one thou"- time, enter feven hundred and ninety-two, to enter and go into every houfe, puthoufe, barn, or other place refpeCtiveiy, where any fuch -l3 malt, for or in refpeCt of which any fuch allowance fhall be pofited. claimed, ihall be put, laid, or depofited, and to take a true and particular account, and afeertain the exact quantity thereof, by gtjage or n^eafiirement: and if any perfon or pe^fqns whatfoever Penalty on -	TT	L	fhall	P-rions Q!>

Hh

Hosted by

Google

4-6q

ftru&ing offi cers in the execution of their duty.

Duty under the recited ad not payable tor corn in operation when the account of unground malt is taken, if kept fe par ate till April 6, 1792, &c.

Officer to give a certificate of the amount of the allowance, &c. to •the perfons entitled thereto.

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 6. [1792,

fhalJ prevent or hinder any oftcer or officers of excife from enter-ing or going into any fuch houfe, outhoufe, barn or other place, or from taking fuch account, or afcertaining the quantity of fuch malt as aforefaid, or fhall make ufe of or pra&ife, orcaufe to be made ufe of or pradlifed, any a61, contrivance, or device whatever, whereby the officer or officers of excife may be obftru6led in guaging, taking an account of, or afcertaining the true quan-r tity of fuch malt, or whereby his Majeffy may be defrauded, or fhall obftru6l or hinder any fuch officer or officers in the taking of fuch account, and afcertaining the quantity of any fuch malt as aforefaid, or in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to fuch officer or officers given or granted by this a6t, the perfon or perfons fo offending fhall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; and fhall likewife forfeit all right and title to any allowance which he, fhe, or they might otherwife have been entitled to under or by virtue of this a61.

VIII.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, That the duty impofed by the faid a6l fhall not be paid or payable for or in refpedt of any corn or grain adlually in operation for the making thereof into malt, by any maltffer or maker of malt for fale, at the time when the officer or officers of excife fhall take an account of the dry unground malt in the flock, cuftody, or poffeffion of fuch maltffer or maker of malt for fale, under or by virtue of this acl; provided every part of fuch corn or grain, which fhall be aduaily dried, finifhed, and made into malt by fuch maltffer or maker of malt for fale, after fuch officer or officers fhall have taken fuch account as aforefaid, and before the faid fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall be kept feparateand apart from all other corn, grain, or malt, uijtil the faid fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and that it be produced to the fight of the proper officer or officers of excife, in order that he or they may take an account, and afcertain the true quantity thereof, whenever fuch officer or officers fhall think fit fo to do before the faid fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two; and that no allowance be'claimed or made by virtue of this acl in refpedl thereof. -

IX.	And be it further ena£led by the authority aforefaid, That the officer and officers of excife, or fome or one of them, who fhall have taken fuch account as aforefaid, fhall, with all convenient fpeed after fuch account fhall be taken, and the quantity of fuch malt afcertained as aforefaid, give to every maltffer and maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of malt, brewer, diftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar-maker, intitled to the allowance for or in refpedl of fuch malt, without fee or reward, a certificate expreffing the true quantity of fuch malt, and the amount of the allowance for fuch malt, and fpecifying the name and place of abode of the perfon or perfons entitled thereto, and whether he, fhe, or they is or are maltfters or makers of malt for fale, fellers or retailer’s of malt, brewers, diftrllers, innkeepers, vidluaUers, or vinegar-makers refpectively.

X.	And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforefaid, That if

any

Hosted by

Google

1792*] Anno regni triceftmo fecundo Georgii III. c. 6.	461

anymaltfter or maker of malt for fale, who, within twenty days Within 20 next preceding the fecond day of April one thoufand feven hundred days preced-and ninety-two, {hail have occafion to (hip, or put on board any 1^,2,^notice {hip, barge, or other vefiel, any malt which hath been charged with of (hipping the additional duty irnpofed by the faid aft, for the purpofe of tranf- malt intended porting or conveying the fame by water, from one part of this kingdom to another, (hall give forty-eight hours notice in writ- gjven to ing to the proper officer of excife, of his, her, or their intention the proper to (hip or put any fuch malt on board any fuch {hip, barge, or officer, who other vefiel for the purpofe aforefaid, fo that fuch officer may at-tend and take an account of fuch malt, expreffing in fuch notice t£e quantity the quantity of fuch malt fo intended to be {flipped or put on board, to the mate* and the {hip, barge, or other vefiel, in which the fame is intended to &c. be (hipped or put on board, and alfo the name of the mafter, or other perfon, having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip, barge, or other vefiel, and likewife the name or names of the perfon or perfons to whom, and of the place or port to which fuch malt is configned, or where the fame is intended to be landed, then fuch officer or officers of excife (hall, and is and are hereby required, on being fatisfied that the malt fpecified in fuch notice is really and truly {hipped or put on board fuch {hip, barge, or other vefiel, to give, without fee or reward, a tranfire or certificate fpecifying the quantity of malt fo (hipped or put on board, the time when, and the place at which the fame was fo {hipped or put on board, and the names and places of abode of the perfon or perfons from whom, and of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame is configned ; and the place at which the fame is intended to be landed; Mailers, on and the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or com- arrival at the mand of fuch (hip, barge, or other vefiel, is hereby directed and re-quired within twelve hours (or fooner if demanded) after the arrival of fuch fhip, barge, or other vefiel, at the port or place to which fuch tranfire to malt is configned, or where the fame is intended to be landed, to the officer of deliver fuch tranfire or certificate to the proper officer of excife. excife.

. XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if malt fo if any (hip, barge, or other vefiel, having on board any fuch malt, carried fhall for or in refpeft: whereof any fuch tranfire or certificate (hall have -been granted, {hall not arrive at the port or place to which fuch malt 0fpccr (h dl {hall be configned, or where the fame is, in fuch tranfire or certificate, h ive taken exprefied tobe intended to belanded,till alter the proper officer or of- an account ficers of excife (hall have taken an account of the dry unground malt of the con- ^ in the ftock, cuftody, or pofiefiion of the perfon or perfons refpec- h<fftrffi give * tively to whom fuch malt is configned, that then and in fuch cafe a certificate it {hall and may be lawful to and for the proper officer or officers of the quan* of excife, upon due notice from the mafter, or other perfon hav*- tity, andoftlie ing or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip, barge, or other ^]Vo\w-vellelj and upon the delivery of fuch tranfire or certificate as afore- ance, &c. faid, to attend, guage, or meafure and afeertain the exaft: quantity of all fuch malt; and thereupon fuch officer or officers of excife (hall, with all convenient fpeed, and without fee or reward, grant and give to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch mak (hall be configned, a certificate or certificates expreffing the true quantity of fuch

malt,

Hosted by

Google

462 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 6. [1792,

malt, the name and place of abode of the perfon or perfons inti-tied to the allowance for or in refpeCl of fuch malt, and whether he, fhe, or they is or are maltfters or makers of malt for fale, fellers or retailers of malt, brewers, diftillers, innkeepers, victuallers, or vinegar-makers, and the amount of the allowance for or in refpeCt of fuch malt.

Malt fo	XII.	Provided	always	neverthelefs, That in cafe any fuch malt

Sc°tland^tom	^ave keen krought h7 water from any port or place in that

England, and Part Great Britain called Scotland, into any port or place in not arriving that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, till after or town of Berzvick upon Tweed, and fhall not have arrived at fuch ^prfiable to^ mentlone(^ Port or place after the faid fifth day of April the additional one ^houfand feven hundred and ninety-two, the additional duty duty, &c. impofed by the faid aft, upon the bringing fuch malt into fuch laft mentioned port or place, fhall not be charged or payable, nor fhall any greater allowance be made or granted in refpeft thereof, than is hereby direfted to be made and granted for malt in that part of of Great Britain called Scotland.

;Ko certificate XIII. Provided alfo, That no fuch certificate as laft mentioned as laft men- fha]} be delivered, unlefs the matter, or other perfon having or tak-tioned to be jng ^ c}iarge or command of fuch fhip, barge, or other veffel, gran ec ,un e s make oath before any of the commiffioners of excife, or the perfon appointed by the commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, for that purpofe, or before the proper colleftor or fuper-vifor of excife (which oath the faid commiffioners and the perfon appointed by them, and the collectors and fupervifors of excife, are refpeCtively hereby authorifed and impowered to adminitter), that, fuch malt is the fame malt as is mentioned in the tranfire or certificate then produced, and that no allowance has been obtained or demanded for any part of the fame, by virtue of this aCt fince the fame was fhipped or put on board the fhip, barge, or other veffel, in which the fame was fo tranfported or removed.

XIV.	Provided alfo, That all fuch malt which fhall be fo fhipped, put on board and tranfported as aforefaid, and which fhall not arrive at the place to which the fame is configned, or where the fame is to be landed, till after the officer or officers of excife fhall have taken an account and afcertained the quantity of dry unground malt in the ftock, cuftody or poffeffion of the malttter or maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of malt, brewer, diftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar-maker, to whom fuch malt fhall be configned or delivered, and before the fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall be kept feparate and apart from all other malt, till the faid fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

Penalty on re- XV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That She^veffef or *n ca^e ZPA ma^5 which fhall be fhipped or put on board any fhip, landing at any barge, or other vefiel, according to the directions of this aft, and for other place which fuch tranfire or certificate as aforefaid fhall have been than where granted, fhall be unfhipped and put on board any other fhip, barge, malt ttifpt’to boat, or otfier veffel, or landed at any other port or place than that be carried. to which the faixie fhajl fc>£ configned, or where the fame is, in coaftwife.	fuel}

Hosted by Google

the mafter make oath that the malt is the fame as mentioned in the tranfire, &c.

and fuch malt to be kept feparate till April 6, 179s.

1792-] Annoregni tricefimo fecundo GeorGII III. c. 6.	4

fuch tranfire or certificate, expreffed to be intended to be landed (except in cafe of diftrefs or other unavoidable accident or ne-ceffity, of which the matter, or other perfon having or taking tlje charge or command of fuch fhip, barge, or other vefTel, fhall give immediate notice to the neareft officer of excife), that then not only all the malt which fhall be fo unfhipped or landed fhall be forfeited, but the matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any fuch fhip, barge, or other veflel, and alfo the perfon or perfons concerned in the unfhipping or landing of fuch malt as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That in cafe the matter, or other perfon having or taking the [n^er8.nj®'" charge or command of any fhip, barge, or other vefTel, in or on deliver tran-board of which any malt, for which fuch tranfire or certificate fires.

as aforefaid fhall have been granted, fhall have been fhipped, fhall negledt or refufe to deliver fuch tranfire or certificate to the officer of excife within twelve hours (or fooner if demanded) after the arrival of fuch fhip, barge or other veflel, at the port or place to which fuch malt fhall be configned, or where the fame is, in fuch tranfire or certificate, expreffed to be intended to be landed, that then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of any fuch fhip, barge, or other veflel, fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds, and no allowance fhall be made for fuch malt.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Perfons conn-That if any perfon or perfons fhall counterfeit or forge, or caufe terfeiting cer-to be counterfeited or forged, any certificate by this a6t requir-

ed or directed, or fhall knowingly or willingly give any falfe	5

or untrue certificate, or fhall fraudulently alter or erafe, or caufe to be fraudulently altered or erafed, any certificate granted by any officer or officers of excife, or fhall make ufe of any certificate knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, falfe, untrue, altered, or erafed; every fuch perfon or perfons fhall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,That Certificates to any fuch certificate given by any officer or officers of excife for any ^ allowance to be made or granted by virtue of this a£t as aforefaid, be- montils ancp ing produced by fuch malttter or maker of malt for Tale, feller or re- before fix tailer of malt, brewer, dittiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar- months from maker, or his, her, or their agent or agents, to the commiffioners of

excife, or to the perfon appointed by them, or the major part of them, granted; amj to receive the fame, for fuch malt as (hall be taken an account of oath made to under or by virtue of this ait, within the limits of the chief office the particu-of excife in London, or to the collector of excife of the collection J.ars -ceTin in which any fuch certificate (hall be granted for fuch malt, as fhall ^ L be taken an account of under and by virtue of this act, out of the faid Jimits, at anytime after the expiration of four months, and before the expiration of fix months, from the time of the granting thereof, and oath having been made by fuch malttter and maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of malt, brewer, dittiller, innkeeper, victualler, or Vinegar-maker, before any of the faid commiffioners of excife, or

o	the

Hosted by Google

464 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 6[1792;

the perfon appbinted by the faid commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, for that purpofe, or before fuch collector, or before the fupervifor of excife of the di vifion or diftriCt in which any fuch malt (hall have been taken an account of, and the quantity thereof afcertained according to the directions of this aCt, (which oath the faid commiffioners and perfon appointed by them, and the collectors and fupervifors of excife, are refpeCtively hereby authorifed and impowered to adminifter), that he, (he, or they has or have no rcafon to believe, but that the proper duties have been paid or charged for and in refpeCt of the malt fpecified in fuch certificate, and that the faid malt or any part thereof, hath not been taken an account of for the purpofe of obtaining the allowance granted by this aCt in any place or places, fave and except in the Hock, custody, or poileffion of the perfon or perfons making the faid oath, and claiming the allowance for or in refpeCt of fuch malt, and that the faid malt was the propertyof the faid perfon or perfons,or was held by him, her, or them as the property, or for the ufe of fome other maltfter or maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of malt, brewer, diftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar-maker; and that all the malt which was aCtually in operation at the time when the officer or officers of excife took an account of the dry unground malt in the flock, cufLody, or pofteffion of luch maltfter or maker of malt for fale, and which in order to exempt the fame from the faid duty impofed by the faid aCt, made in the thirty-firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, is by this aCt required to be kept feparate and apart from Allowances to all other corn, grain, or malt, hath been fo kept, the faid commif-be paid out fioners of excife, or the major part of them, or fuch colleClor as aforefaid, being fatisfied of the truth of fuch oath, fhall forthwith, out of the money in their hands refpeCtively, on account of the duties hereby repealed, if they refpeClively fhall have fufficient money on fuch account, pay to the maltfter or maker of malt for fale, feller or retailer of malt, brewer, diftiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar-maker, or to his, her, or their agent or agents entitled to the fame, the allowance fpecified in fuch certificate; and if the faid commiffioners or collectors refpeCtively fhall not have fufficient money on fuch account in their refpeCtive hands for the purpofe aforefaid, the faid commiffioners or collectors refpeCtively fhall pay the faid allowance out of any money in their refpeCtive hands, arifing from the duties impofed on malt by an

^om^thejiuty a(r^ mac|e

in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent malt 7 Geo.	intituled, An aCt for repealing the feveral duties of cujloms

3.	c. 13*	and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying tl>e

faid duties, together with the other duties compofeng the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchan-clife^ the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lively ,u	1	.	to the reduction of the national debt.

ina^b^Aied68 ^IX. And be h further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, for, and how That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed or created by to be applied, this aCt, fhall be fued for, recovered, levied or rpitigated, by fuch

ways

of money in hand of the repealed duties,

or out of any

money arifing

Hosted by

Google

I792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeoKGII III. c. 7.	465

ways, means or methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of ex-cife, or by ablion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland xzfyz&i\vz\y, and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty or forfeiture fhall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceftors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who fhall inform, difcover, or fue for the fame.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That All laws re-all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, fating to the claufes, matters and things, which in and by an a£t made in the ^d^o°thi3* twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An a(c^ aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, ana tenures in capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance^ and for fettling a re-venue upon his Majefty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, are provided and eftablifhed, fhall be pradfcifed, ufed, and put in execution in and for the purpofes of this act:, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this prefent act.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Perfon3 taking That any perfon or perfons who fhall be convicted of wilfully falfe oaths, taking a falfe oath in any of the cafes in which an oath is required hable to the to be taken by this act, fhall be liable to the pains and penalties to Pen.a ties ^or which perfons are liable to for wilful and corrupt perjury.	perjury.

CAP. VII.

An aft for repealing a certain part of the duty upon all candles (except wax andfpermaceti candles.)

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-feventh year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An act for repealing 27Geo.3x.13* the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other recited. duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compoling the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchan-dife, the produce or manufablure of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, a certain duty of excife of one penny halfpenny is impofcd for every pound -weight ad-* virdupoife of candles of tallow, and other candles wbatfoever (except wax and fpermaceti candlesmade in Great Britain, and a certain drawback of excife is granted of one penny halfpenny for every pound' weight advirdupoife of fuch candles [except as aforefaid) exported as merchandife to foreign parts: may it pleaie your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament From March aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and af- ft?2” ter the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and candk-S°of ninety-two, one halfpenny of the faid duty and drawback refpec- the duty unit v el y

Hosted by Google

*q. per lb. on

candles to be allowed for frock on March 26, 1792.

But no fuch allowance to be made, un lefs notice be given before March 25, 1792, of the quantity. Sec,

466 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. e. 7. [1792.

pofed, and tively for every pound weight advirdupoife of fuch candles, (half backallowed rePea^e<^> ceafe, and determine; and that then and from thence* by the recited f°rt;h the feveral powers and authorities given by any a£t or a&s ad to ceafe. of parliament, as far as relates to the levying, collecting, and paying fo much of the faid duty and drawback, fhall ceafe and determine; fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof refpeCtively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty or forfeiture relating thereto refpeClively, which fhall have been incurred at anytime before or on the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

II.	Anc^be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be paid to every tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, in Great Britain, for every pound weight of candles (except wax and fpermaceti candles), as fhall be in the flock, cuftody or poffeffion of any fuch tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, on the twenty-fixth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, for which the faid duties fhall have been paid or charged, an allowance of one halfpenny.

III.	Provided always neverthelefs, That no tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, fhall have or be entitled to any fuch allowance, unlefs he, fhe, or they fhall, before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, give or leave a notice and declaration in writing at the chief office of excife in London, if fuch tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, fhall refide within the limits thereof, or to or With the proper officer of excife in other parts of Great Britain, expreffing his, her, or thfeir name and place of abode, and the quantity of fuch candles which he, fhe, or they fhall have in his, her, or their flock, cuftody, and pofTeffion, and for which he, fhe, or they intend to claim the allowance given or granted by this a6f, and of the particular houfe, meltinghoufe, workhoufe, warehoufe* iiorehoufe, fhop, room, or other place, where fuch candles for or in refpedl of which he, fhe, or they claim fuch allowance fhall be kept or depofited, any thing herein-contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and maybe lawful to and for all and every the officer and officers of excife, at his and their free will and pleafure,at any time or times

in the evening between the hours of five in the morning and feven in the evening, of March 26, 0f the faid twenty-fixth day of March one thoufand feven hundred account ofn an<^ niRety“two? to enter and go into every houfe, florehoufe, fhop, ftock, and if room, workhoufe, warehoufe, or other place where any fuch can-found lefs than dies, for or in refpedf of which any fuch allowance fhall be claim-contained in ecj5 iliall be kept or depofited, and to take a true and particular account, and afeertain the exact quantity thereof; and if any officer or officers of excife fhall find a lefs quantity of fuch candles, than the quantity which fuch tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, fhall have fpecified in fuch his, her, or their notice or declaration, every fuch tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, fhall forfeit and lofe all right, title, and claim to any allowance which hey fhe, or they might otherwife have been

entitled

Hosted by Google

Excifeofficers, between five in the morning and feven

th^ notice, the dealer to forfeit the allowance.

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundoGEORGH III. c. 7.	467

entitled to under or by virtue of this a<St; and if any perfon or perfons Penalty of 50I. whatfoever fhall prevent or hinder any officer or officers of excife forobftru&ing from entering or going into any fuch houfe, workhoufe, warehoufe, 0 C€rs‘ fforehoufe, (hop, room, or other place, or from taking fuch account, or afcertaining the quantity of any fuch candles as aforefaid, or fhall obftru6t or hinder any fuch officer or officers in the taking of fuch account, or in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to him or them given or granted by this a<ff, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

V,	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Dealers not every fuch tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, {^es^and^^ fhall, and he, fhe, and theyrefpedlively are hereby required to provide lights for fufficient and juft fcales and weights at all and fingular the houfes, the ufe of the workhoufes, warehoufes, frorehoufes, (hops, rooms, or other places officers, &c. where he, fhe, or they fhall or do keep any fuch candles, for or to forfeit 5oL in refpedl whereof any fuch allowance fhall be claimed, and permit and fuffer the officer or officers of excife to make ufe thereof for the purpofe of weighing and taking an account of fuch candles, and fhall alfo affift fuch officer or officers of. excife in ufing fuch fcales and weights for the purpofe aforefaid; and if any fuch tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, fhall neg-ledl or refufe to keep fuch fcales and weights, or either of them, or fhall not permit or fuffer any officer or officers of excife to make ufe of the fame as aforefaid, or fhall negledl or refufe to affift any fuch officer or officers of excife in making ufe of the fame as aforefaid, he, fhe, or they fhall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and if any fuch tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, fhall, in the weighing of any fuch candles, make ufe of,orcaufe or procure or fuffer to be made ufe of, anyfalfe, unjuft, an(] u^ng ?jn^ or inefficient fcales or weights, or fhall pracHfe any art, device, or art to deceive contrivance, by which any fuch officer or officers maybe hindered or them m taking prevented from taking the juft and true weight ofianyfuch candles, feft^oI°aM~ then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch tallow chandler, or other feller of or	fcajes and

dealer in candles, fhall for each and every fuch offence forfeit weights, the fum' of one hundred pounds, together with all fuch falfe, unjuff, or infufficient fcales and weights reflectively, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

• VI. And be it further enatfted by the aforefaid, That the pro- Officerstogive per fupervifor or furveyor of excife, or the officer of excife, who *° the party fhall have taken fuch account, and afcertained the quantity of affovvance fuch candles in the flock, cuftody, or poffeffion of any tallow certificate of chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, fhall, with all the amount, convenient fpeed, and without fee or,Reward, grant and give to &c* the tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, inti-tled to the allowance for or in refpedl of fuch candles, a certificate, expreffing the quantity of fuch candles, the name and place of abode of the perfon or perfons inti tied to the allowance for or in refpedt thereof, and whether he, the, or they is or are tallow chandlers, or fellers of or dealers in candles, and the amount of the allowance for or in refpedt of fuch candies,

VII. And

Hosted by Google

iix weeks and before three months from the time of their being granted, and oath being made to the particulars herein fpecified, the al-

46S Anno regni trieerrmo'fecundo GeorCii III. c. 7. [iyg-2o

Such certifi- VII, And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That cates being luch certificate being produced by fuch tallow chandler, or other produced after feqer Gf or dealer in candles, or his, her, or their agent or agents,

li v urPp!rQ nun	**	j	*	1	o	o	*

to the eommiffioners of excife, for fuch candles as fhall be taken an account of under or by virtue of this ad, within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, or the perfon appointed by them, or the major part of them, to receive the fame, or to the collector of excife of the collodion in which any fuch certificate fhall be granted in other parts of Great Britain, at any time after the end and expiration of fix weeks, and before the end and expiration of three months from the time of the granting Iowa nee to be thereof, and oath having been made by fuch tallow chandler, or paid by the other feller of or dealer in candles, before any of the faid com-eommiffioners miffioners of excife, or the perfon appointed by the faid commif-or collectors. floners 0f excife, or the major part of them, for that purpofe, or before fuch collector, or before the fupervifor of the divifion or diftridin which fuch tallow chandler, orfeller ofor dealer in candles, fhall relide (which oath- the faid eommiffioners, and perfon appointed by them, and the collectors and fupervifors of excife, are respectively hereby authorifed and impowered to adm-inifter), that the faid candles, fpecified in any fuch certificate, and for which any fuch allowance is or fhall be\:laimed, were the foie property of fuch tallow chandler, or feller of or dealer in candles, and actually in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeffioh on the faid twenty-fixth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and that the allowance granted by this aCt has net, with his, her, or their privity or content, nor to his,, her, or their knowledge or belief, been claimed for the candles fpecified in fuch certificate, or for any part thereof, by any other perfon or per-fons whatfoever, and that he, fhe, or they hath or have no reafon to believe but that the proper duties have been paid or charged for or in refped of the faid candles; and thereupon the faid cornmif-fioners of excife, or the major part of them, or fuch collector as aforefaid, being fatisfied of the truth of fuch oath, fhall forthwith, out of the money in his or their hands refpedively arifing from the duties hereby in part repealed, pay to the tallow chandler, or other feller of or dealer in candles, intitled to the fame,* the allowance fpecified in fuch certificate.

Perfons tak- VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ine faife oaths That any perfon or perfons who fhall be convided of wilfully wo., <-t,„ taking a faife oath, in any of the cafes in which an oath is required to be taken by this ad, fhall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall counterfeit or forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, any certificate by this ad required or direded, or fhall knowingly or willingly give any faife or untrue certificate, or fhall fraudulently alter or erafe, or caufe to be fraudulently altered or erafed, any certificate granted by any officer or officers of excife, or fhall make ufe of any certificate, knowing the fame to be forged counterfeited, faife, untrue, altered, or erafed,

x	every

liable to the penalties for perjury.

Perfons coun-terffiting, &e, certificates to forfeit 500I.

Hosted by Google

1792-] Ahno regni tricefimo Fecundo Georgxi ill. c. 8.

every fuch perfon or perfons {hall, for each and every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed or created by this aCf, fhall be fued for, recovered, ievied, or mitigated by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by a£Hon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminfler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeTively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them* who (hall inform, difcover, or fue for the fame.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an aCt, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second* intituled, An aft for taking avoay the court of wards, and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majefly in lien thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty?s revenue of excife, are provided and eflablifhed, fhall be praCfifed, ufed, and put in execution in and for the purpofes of this add, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in this prefent aCL

467

How penalties may be filed for, and how to be applied 0

All laws relative to the excife to extend to this ad.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revetiue of excife by common brewers.

WHEREAS the provifions already ?nade by law are not Preamble, fujflcient to deter common brewers from felling beer, ale^ or worts, in lefs quantity than a zuhole cafk, containing four gallons and an half; be it therefore enaCted by the King's moff excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af~ fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no common brewer No common, (hall fell beer, ale, or worts, in any lefs quantity than a whole brewer to fell calk, containing four gallons and an half, on pain of forfeiting the k^in lefs ^ fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence ; to be fued for, reco- a whole calk vered, levied, or mitigated, by virtue of any law or laws of excife, containing 4 or by aCiion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma- gallons and jefty’s courts of record at Weflminfter, or in the court of exchequer	>

in Scotland refpeCtively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, pe-nalty, or forfeiture, fhall be to his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefiors, pjow penalties and the other moiety to him or them who fhall inform, difcover, ihallbeapplied. or fue for the fame.

' you XXXVII.	15	CAP.

Hosted by Google

4-68 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 9,10. [1792.

CAP. IX.

An cM fGr repealing certain regulations zvith refpeft to certificates on exporting tea to Ireland or America.

Preamble. If IT THERE AS by an all, made in the twenty -firfi year of the reign aiGeo3.c.i4. V V of his late majejly King George the Second, for permitting recited. tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majefty’s plantations in America, without paying the inland duties, the proprietor or proprietors of tea, imported into the kingdom of Great Britain from foreign parts, and afterwards exported to the kingdom of Ireland, or to his Majejly*s plantations in America, according to the rules, regulations^ and provifions mentioned in that all, or the p erf on or perfons appointed by fuch proprietor or proprietors to make entry thereof, are re-quire din mannPr therein mentioned, to produce to the warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-keepers, mentioned in the faid all, a certificate under the hands of the cornmijfioners of inland duties upon tea, or any three of them, that fuch fecurity for exportation hath been given as therein is mention-ed\.and which certificate or certificates the faid cornmijfioners are by the faid all required to give accordingly: and whereas the requiring fuch cer~ tificate or certificates can anfiver no good purpofe, and it is therefore ex^ pedient that no fuch certificate Jhould in future be granted or required; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the From July $9 authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July 1792, the cer- one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, no fuch proprietor quired b^the or ProPrietors7 or other perfon or perfons fhall be required to pro-i-ecited aft, duce anY fuch certificate, nor fhall any fuch certificate, from and no longer to after the faid fifth day of July one, thoufand feven hundred and ninety-be produced, two, be granted under the hands of the faid commifiioners, or any of them; and from and after the faid fifth day oijuly one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, fuch warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-keepers fhall deliver out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes to fuch proprietor or proprietors, or other perfon or per; .ms for exportation, fuch tea as is by the faid adt authorifed to be exported, fubjedt and according to all and fingular the rules, regulations, reftridfcions, and provifions (other than and except the produdtion of fuch certificate or certificates as aforefaid) contained in the faid adt, or any other adt of parliament in force relating thereto.

CAP. X.

An all for the better execution of certain warrants iffued for the apprehending and committing perfons convidled of offences againjl the

excife laves.

Preamble.	7 HE RE AS many perfons, chargeable with the duties of excifef,

W or incurring penalties under the laws relating to the faid duties, do frequently avoid being taken in execution after convidlion for the fame, by removing out of the jurifdiilim where they were convifltdy to the great prejudice of the revenue \ be it therefore enacted

Hosted by Google

1792.3 Anno regni tricefimo fecnndo Georgii III- c. iq- 469

afted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand From July feven hundred and ninety-two, in cafe any perfon, againft: whom plrfon^a^inft any warrant of commitment in execution, commonly called A Body	a

Warrant, fhall be iffued by any three or more of the commiffion- warrant is if-ers of excife in England,\ or by any juftice or juftices of the peace Ihed, ftiall re-of any county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place within Great Britain, under or by virtue of any aft or* afts of parliament t^0"n where” now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties of granted, it excife, fhall efcape, go into, refide, or be in any other county, may be m-riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurifdic-tion of the faid commilfiotiers, or juftice or juftices granting fuch Qf excife/or warrant as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any any juftice of three or more of the faid commiffioners of excife in England,, or the peace of any juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, in Great Britain, where fuch perfon offender fhall fhall efcape, go into, refide, or be; and fuch commiffioners of ex- be, &c. cife, and juftice or juftices refpeftively, is and are hereby required, upon proof being made upon oath of the hand writing of the commiffioners of excife, or juftice or juftices refpeftively granting fuch warrant, to indorfe his or their name or names on fuch	.

v/arrant, which fhall be a fufficient authority to the perfon or perfons bringing fuch warrant, and to ail other perfons to whom fuch warrant was originally directed, to execute fuch warrant in fuch other county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurifdiction of the commiffioners of excife, or juftice or juftices refpeftively granting fuch warrant as aforefaid, and to carry and convey fuch offender or offenders before the com mi f-fioners of excife, or juftice or juftices who indorfed fuch warrant,

> or feme other juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place where fuch warrant was indorfed, who are refpeftively hereby authorifed and impowered, by indorfe -ment upon fuch warrant, to commit fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, or place where fuch warrant ihall be executed, according to the exigency of fuch warrant, there to remain until delivered by due courfe of law.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That No adtion to no aftion of trefpafs, falfe imprifonment, information or indift- he brought ment, or other profecution, fhall be brought, filed, commenced	who

or profecuted, by any perfon or perfons whatever againft any ihall indorfe fuch commiftioner or commiffioners of excife, or juftice or juf- fuch warrant, tices who fhall indorfe fuch warrant, for or by reafon of his or their indorfing fuch warrant: provided neverthelefs. That fuch perfon or perfons fhall be at liberty to bring or profecute his or their aftion or fuit againft the commiffioners of excife, or juftice or juftices who originally granted fuch v/arrant, in the fame manner as fuch perfonor perfons might have done in cafe this aft had not been made.

11%	CAP.

Hosted by Google

47° Anno regni tricefiino fecundo GEORGfi III. c. n, [1792.

Preamble.

i9Geo.3,c.56.

recited.

Auctioneers giving notice of fales agreeable to the recited aCt, fhall, within the limes herein fpecified, deliver declarations on oath, whether the fales took place, See.

<ol. Penalty lor every neglect.

CAP. XL

An aCi to compel auctioneers to declare whether fales have been held under the notices now required to be given by laid.

WHEREAS, by an aCt made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, every auctioneer is required, before he begins any fate by way of auction, to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, in manner in the faid ad preferibed, a notice in writing, figned by fuch auctioneer, fpecifying the particular day when fuch file by auction is to begin, and alfo a written or printed catalogue aitejled and figned by fuch auctioneer, or his known clerk : and whereas it is expedient that every auctioneer delivering fuch notice or catalogue fbould be obliged to make it appear zuhether any fale by zvay of auction was opened or be-gun, or any article, lot, parcel, or thing, was bid for or fold under fuch notice or catalogue; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That every auctioneer who fhall have delivered, or caufed to be delivered, any fuch notice or catalogue for a fale by auCtion, within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, or the perfon who aCtcd as his clerk at fuch fale, or intended fale, fhall, within twenty-eight days after the day fpecified in fuch notice as the particular day when fuch fale by auction was to be made, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, at the chief office of excife in London, to the perfon or perfons who fhall be appointed by the commiffioners of excife to receive the fame, a declaration, in writing, fetting forth whether or not any fale by way of auction had been or was opened or begun under fuch notice, or any article, lot, parcel, or thing contained in fuch catalogue was bid for or fold at fuch auCtion ; and fuch auctioneer, or perfon acting as his clerk, as aforefaid, fhall make oath to the truth of fuch declaration before the cpmmiffioners of excife, or one of them, or before fuch perfon as the commiffioners of excife fhall appoint to adminifter the fame; which oath the faid commiffioners of excife, or one of them, or other perfon fo to be appointed as aforefaid, is and are hereby authorifed and im-powered to adminifter; and that every auctioneer who fhajl have delivered, or caufed to be delivered, anv fuch notice or catalogue for a fale by aubtion, in any part of Great Britain, not within the limits of the faid chief office,, or the perfon who acted as his clerk at fuch fale, or intended fale, {hall, within fix weeks after the day fpecified in fuch notice as the particular day when fuch fale by auction was to be made, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the collector of excife in whofe collection fuch fale has been or was intended to be, a like declaration in writing, in manner as is herein-before required with refpedt to perfons felling by auCtion within the limits of the chi^f office of excife in London, to be verified in like manner,’on pain that every auctioneer fhall, for every neglect or refufal of delivering fuch declaration, verified in the manner herein-before preferibed, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds,

a	to

Hosted by

Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 12.	471

to be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by virtue of any law or laws of cxcife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefl?ninfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeftively; and that Application of one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fhall be to penalties, his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelfors, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall inform, difcover> or fue for the fame.

CAP. XII.

An a51 for granting to his Majefty the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, to he ijfued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to he by them placed to the account of the coin? mijfioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, having granted to your Adajeffy the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, to be iffued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords Epiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, out of any monies granted for the fupply of the prefent year, there fhall be iffued and paid, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, on or before the fecond day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds to the governor and company of the bank of England., and fhall by them be placed to the account of the com-miffioners appointed by an aft of the twenty-ftxth year of his prefent Majefty, for applying certain fums of money annually to the reduction of the national debt; and that all fuch monies fhall be applied by the faid commiftioners towards the reduftion of the national debt in the manner herein-after direfted, and to no other intent or purpofe, and in no other manner whatever.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid principal fum or fums of money, not exceeding four hundred thoufand pounds, which are hereby direfted to be placed to the account of the faid commiffioners, fhall be applied by the faid commiffioners, and they are hereby authorifed and required to apply the fame in payment for the purchafe of fuch redeemable publlck annuities as fhall be below parr if any, and if there fhall be no fuch publick annuities below pai\ then to the purchafe of any fuch publick annuities at or above pary in the following manner; that is to fay, That all fuch fums of money, not exceeding four hundred thoufand pounds, fo to be applied, which lhall have been placed to the account of the faid commiffioners on or before the fecond day of April one thoufand feven hundred and

I i 3	ninety-

Preamble.

400,000!. to be paid out of the prefent year's fupply to the bank, and placed to the account of the commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt;

and applied in the purchafe of redeemable annuities in the manner herein fpeci-tied.

Hosted by

Google

47^ Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 13. [1792.

ninety-two, (hall be applied, over and above the fums applicable by virtue of the faid herein-before mentioned aft of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty, to the purchafe of fuch annuities in equal portions as nearly as may be on every day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the fame (hall be transferable, between the fecond day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and the fecond nay of Augujl next enfuing; and all iuch part of the principal or capital (lock of fuch publick annuities as (hall be purchafed by the faid commiflioners by virtue of this aft, (hall be transferred to the account of the faid commif-honers in the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, or of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Etijl Indies, refpedtively, as the cafe maybe ; and that the dividends payable thereon (hall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England^and be placed to the account of the (aid commiflioners.

Dividends on HI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That adeemed to dividends which fhall from time to time become due and pay-be paid to the able in refpeft of the principal or capital (lock of fuch annuities bank, and ap- as (hall be redeemed by virtue of this aft, (hall be ifiued or fet plied by the apart out of the confolidated fund, in the fame manner as if fuch in^^rnanoer Pr^ncTa^ Dr caphal (lock had not been redeemed, and (hall be prefcribed by paid to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, to *6 Geo. 3.	be placed to the account of the faid commiflioners ; and the fame

c* <3**	(hall, from time to time, be applied by them under the like rules

and regulations, and in the manner prefcribed by the faid aft of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, with refpeft to the fums redeemed by virtue of the faid aft; and that all and every the rules, methods, regulations, and provilions, which in and by the faid aft of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid are provided and eftabliftied, for applying, managing, or accounting for the fums veiled in the faid commiflioners, for the purpofes of the faid aft, fhall be praftifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the applying, managing, and accounting for all fums of money direfted to be placed to the account of the faid commiflioners by virtue of this aft, as fully and eileftually as if the fame had been repeated and re-enafted in this prefent aft.

CAP* XIII.

An att to enable his Majefty to make provif on for the efablifment of their royal highnejfep the duke and duchefs of York and Albany ; and alfo to fettle an annuity on her royal highnefs during the time of her natural life, to co?nmencefrom the deceafe of his faid royal high-nefs, in cafe her faid royal' highnefs fall furvive him.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.	TE,	7our	Majefty’s	moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the

V V commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, being deiiraus of enabling your Majefty^ as well to make a fuitable ,	provifton

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. *3-	473

provifion for the eftablifhment of their royal highnefles the duke and duchefs of Knf and Albany, as to carry into effedt the treaty entered into between your Majefty and the king of Pruffia upon the marriage of their faid royal highnefles, refpedling the fettle-ment to he made upon her faid royal highnefs in cafe (he fhould furvive his faid royal highnefs the duke ; do moil humbly befeech your MajePry, that it may be enacted ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the King’s moil excel- His Majefty lent majefty, by any warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, to give and grant unto his faid royal highnefs Frederick duchefs of duke of York and Albany, for and during his Majefty’s royal will York, annul-and pleafure, and unto her royal highnefs Frederica Charlotte Ul~ bes not ex-rtque Catherine duchefs of York and Albany, for and during her	^

coverture, one or more annuitv or annuities, fuch feveral annui-

commence

ties taken together, not exceeding in the whole eighteen thoufand from July 5, pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, in fuch proportions, I79I5 and in fuch manner and form, as his Majefty in his wifdom (hall think lit to diredt and appoint the fame; which annuity or annuities fhall commence and take effedt from the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and fhall be paid quarterly, in equal portions, at the four ufual days of payment in the year ; (that is to fay,) The tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in each and every year: and alfo that it fhall and may be lawful to and an annuity and for the King’s moft excellent majefty, by letters patent under the8d°udief° the great feal, to give and grant unto her faid roval highnefs, or to commence to fuch other perfon or perions as his Majefty fhall think fit, to be from the de-named in fuch letters patent, and his or their heirs, to the ufe of, cea^e of the or in truft for her faid royal highnefs, an annuity of eight thoufand continue du-pounds of like lawful money, which fhall have commencement ring"lier royal and take eftedt immediately from and after the deceafe of his faid highnefs’slife. royal highnefs, in cafe her faid royal highnefs fhall furvive him, and fhall continue from thenceforth for and during the natural life of her faid royal highnefs, and fhall be paid and payable in equal portions at the four days of payment herein-before mentioned; the firft payment thereof to be made at fuch of the faid days of payment as (hall firft and next happen after the deceafe of his faid royal highnefs, in cafe her faid royal highnefs fhall furvive him as aforefaid : and that the faid feveral annuities fhall and may, in and Annuities by fuch warrant or warrants, or letters patent, be directed to be payable out of refpedtively ifluing and payable out of, and chargeable upon, the ^teTfund'* fund called The Confolidated Fund, (after paying, or referving fuf-	9

ficient to pay, all fuch fums as have been or fhall be directed to be paid out of the fame, by any adt or adts of parliament previous to the commencement of fuch annuities refpedtively, but with preference to all other payments which fhall or may, at any time or times after the commencement of fuch annuities refpedtively, have been, or be charged upon, and payable out of the laid fund.

I i 4	II.	And

Hosted by Google

474 Anno regni tricefimo fecundoGEORGii III. c.

and to be ijQ'utd at the exchequer free of all charges.

Annuities to be free of all ta:;es.

e,~ ~...................................   H,	i5-	[W*

II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid feveral annuities, as the lame fhall take effect, fl^all be paid and payable, during the continuance of the fame refpedfively, at the receipt of his Majelty’s exchequer ; and the auditor of the faid receipt fhall, and he is hereby required, by virtue of fuch warrant or warrants refpedlively, to make forth and pafs debentures from time to time for paying the faid feveral annuities during the continuance of the fame refpedtively, and as the fame fhall become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be de-r manded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; and the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts of his faid royal highnefs, or of fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall be by him authorifed and appointed, by any inftrument in writing, figned by his faid royal highnefs, to receive, fuch annuity as fhall be given or granted to his faid royal highnefs, or any part thereof; and alio the acquittance and acquittances, receipt and receipts of her faid royal highnefs, notwithfranding her coverture, or of her laid royal highnefs’s treafurer for the time being, or other perfon appointed by her faid royal highnefs, by any inftrument in writing, figned by her faid royal highnefs, to receive any annuity or annuities which fhall be granted to her faid royal highnefs by his Majefty in puriuance of this aclr, as the fame fhall take effect and be payable, or any part thereof, fhall be a fufRcient difcharge for the payment of fuch annuities refpedtively ; and the faid debentures, to be made forth and pafied as aforefaid, fhall he a fufRcient authority to the feveral and refpedlive officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the faid feveral annuities, as the fame fhall take effedf, to their faid royal highneffes refpedlively, during the continuance of the fame refpedhvely, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf; and that the faid feveral annuities, fo to be given and granted, fhall be free and clear from all taxes5 rates, and afTefTments, and all other'charges whatever.

CAP. XIV.

An adt to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubjedts of his Majefty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united Rates of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid united Rates.—Con-tinued until April 5, 1793.	k

CAP. XV.

An adt for railing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, fol* the fervice of the year one thoufand tevep hundred and ninety-two.

CorrimiiTioners of the treafury may raife 3,500,0001. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1793, in like manner as is preferibed by the'land tax adt of this feflion, concerning loans, &c. The claufes, See. .in the faid adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this adt. Exchequer bills fp iiTued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1793. Adtion not to lie for fuch refufah Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of the next fupplies^’ d if iuIRci.ent fupplies. be not granted before July 5, 5793, to be charged 'f ■' T - ■ - * • ‘.	-	‘	cn

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III.

on the confolidated fund. Monies fo iflued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this ad:; an ad: 5 & 6 Gul. Sc Marias notwithftanding.

CAP. XVI.

An ad: for railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand ieven hundred and ninety-two.

Commiffioners of the treafury may raife a,ooo,oool. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1793, in manner as by the land tax ad: of this feffion is prefcribed, See. The claufes in the faid ad: relating to loans or bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo iffued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1793. Adion not to lie for fuch refufal. Money fo raifed to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if fufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1793, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo ilfued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this ad; an ad 5 & 6 Gul. & Marias notwithftanding,

CAP. XVII.

An ad for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fhore*

CAP. XVIII.

An ad for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and-perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety*two.—1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued until June 24) 1793*

CAP. XIX.

An ad for punilhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.—Number of forces 17,013. including 1,630 invalids.

CAP. XX.

An ad for providing a workhoufe for the reception of the poor of the parifli of Stone, in the county of Stafford, and for regulating and em-ploying the poor therein.

Diredors and guardians appointed. Qualification of diredors and guardians to pay poors rate for 15I. a year. Firft meeting of the diredors and guardians to be on April 14, 1793. Diredors and guardians to divide themfelves into committees, and meet once in every week. All the diredors and guardians may attend weekly meetings. Three directors mult be prefent. Four general meetings every year, on March 35,

June 34, September 29. and December 25. No bufinefs at the quarterly meetings valid, unlefs five diredors and guardians be prefent. In cafe of non-attendance clerk may adjourn the meeting. Two guardians and diredors may call a meeting. Diredors and guardians may ad-minilter the oaths. Officers to be appointed. Poor to be under the di-redion and management of the diredors and guardians. Children may be bound apprentices. Ground and buildings to be purchaled, and a workhoufe provided. Bodies politick, Sec. impowered to fell and convey lands. Contrads may be entered into for work to be performed.

Seven days notice to be given of making contrads. Furniture, apparel,

&c. provided for the poor, veiled in diredors and guardians. Money arifmg by poor rates to be paid to the treafurer, and to be under the management of the diredors and guardians. Diredors, See. impowered to, borrow 3,500k upon bonds of 100I. each, and fhall pay off 1 ool. yearly. If parifli officers omit to make rates, diredors and guardians to do it. Securities to be entered, and may be affigned. Donations and other monies to be paid to the treafurer. Diredors and guardians

may

Hosted by Google

47& Anno regni tricefimofecundoGEORGii III. c. 2x. [1792.

may make bye laws. No bye laws valid till confirmed at a fubfequent general meeting. Pariffi officers to be aiding in the execution of the a<5t. Directors and guardians impowered to apprehend vagrants, &c. Perfons guilty of embezzling goods may be punifhed by moderate correction or folitary confinement. Servants purloining money, materials, Sec. to forfeit double their value. Conveying fpirituous liquors into the workhoufe, fubjeCt to 100I. penalty, by aCt 24 Geo. 2. c. 40. Directors and guardians to provide materials for employing the poor. Encouragement may be given to induftrious and lkilful poor. Power to punifh poor perfons for mifbehaviour. Overfeers may relieve cafual poor. Money to be paid by treafurer as ordered by directors and guardians. Penalty on overfeers not collecting rates, iol. Directors and guardians to grant certificates, and take bond for the maintenance of baftard children. Orders to be entered in books. Juftices to proceed on complaint of directors and guardians. Juftices may aCt, notwithftanding their being directors and guardians. Inhabitants to be deemed competent witnefies. Penalties to be paid to the treafurer. Actions not to abate by death or removal of treafurer or clerk. Penalties may be levied by diftrefs and fale. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General ifiue. Treble colts. Publick aCt.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for the more effeftual prevention of frauds in the revenue of excife with refpeft to the manufacturing of foap.

Preamble.	TI 7 HERE AS by feveral afts of parliament, made in the fifths

5 Geo.;3.c.43. Vt feventeenth, and tweyity-fourth years of his prefent Majejly^ and^G^o^* ceriain provifions were enafted for better fecuring the duties on felf. 2? e. 4%^ foaP^ °f ^ie deferiptions therein mentioned* and whereas it is expe-recited. dient that the fame jhould be extended to foap of whatever defer ip-tion; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and From July 5, by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth there- day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, the with relation	recited a&s, anc^ every claufe, matter, and thing therein

to the makers contained, with relation to the makers of hard foap, fo far as of hard foap, the fame extend to the finding, providing, or affixing, wooden fo far as re- covers to coppers, pans, or other utenfils, or to fuch coppers, ing wooden ~ Pans5 or other utenfils, and covers being locked or fealed down, covers to or to the furnace doors of their coppers, pans, or other uten-coppers, See. fils being locked and fattened, or to the covers, furnace doors, toextendto all or affi_hole doors, of their coppers, pans, or other utenfils, be-oap m«a ers. joc]ced) fattened, and fealed down ; or to the giving any notice to the officers of excife to have the fame refpeCtively unlocked or opened, or to the paying for locks, keys, or faftenings, provided by the furveyors or fupervifors of excife in purfuance of the directions of the faid a£ts, or either of them; or to the impofing of any penalty for the making of any hard foap, or for the opening of any fuch cover, copper, pan, utenfil, furnace door, afh-hole door, or to the breaking, damaging, or hurting any fuch lock, feal, or fattening; or for any other offence relating to any of the faid provifions, committed contrary to the faid aCts, or either of them, fhall, and the fame are hereby declared to extend to all and every maker and makers of foap of what kind or quality foever,

and

Hosted by

Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 22.	477

and fhall be ufed, praftifed, applied, and put in execution, againft all" and every maker and makers of foap, as fully and effectually, as if the fame were particularly and exprefsly enafted in the body of this aft.

CAP. XXII.

An aft to continue and amend feveral laws relating to the encouragement of the fijheries carried on in the Greenland feas and Davis’s Streights; and to amend the laws now in force for the encouragement of the fijheries carried on in the feas to the fouth -ward of the Greenland feas and Davis’s Streights.

THERE AS by an a£l, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the Preamble, reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled.\ An aft for the further 26Geo.3.c.4X, fupport and encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the and Greenland feas and Davis's Streights, certain bounties were given for five years, from the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, under various regulations and refiric-tions, to the owners of every Jhip or veffel which Jhould be employed in the faid fifhery: and whereas by an pafjed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled\ An aft for 29(^0.3.0.53, further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, recited and fouthern whale fifheries, further regulations and rejlrifiions were made with refpedi to allowing the bounties to the owners of vef-fels employed in the faid fijheries carried on in the Greenland feas and Davis’s Streights: and whereas the faid firjl recited tfC?, and fo much of the lafl recited aft- as relates to the fijheries carried on in the Greenland feas and Davis’s Streights, has by an a5l paffed in the thirty-firjl year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, been continued until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two : and whereas it is expedient that the faid ■ recited adls Jhould be continued in like manner for a further term\ be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by aa/and^o^ and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and tempo- much of the ral, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by latter as re-the authority of the fame, That the faid recited aft paffed in the j^er^irf twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and alfo fo the Greenland much of the faid recited aft paffed in the twenty-ninth year of feas and Da-the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the fifheries carri- vis’s Streights, ed on in the Greenland feas and Davis’s Streights, fhall be, and continued to the fame are hereby continued until the twenty-fifth day of De- except where* cember one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, except fo altered by the far as the fame are exprefsly varied or altered by this prefent aft. prefent ad.

• II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Inftead of the inftead and in lieu of the bounty granted by the faid recited afts, bounties the following bounties or premiums fhall be paid and allowed; fh^redted that is to fay, A bounty or premium of twenty-five fhillings per a<fts, thofe ton for each and every fhip or veffel, as fhall proceed upon and herein fpeci-return' from the faid fifhery between the twenty-fifth day of De- toJ^e cember one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and the a owe * twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and „ ■:nincty-

Hosted by

Google

4?8

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III.

Every veiTcl, having an apprentice not exceeding 10 years of age, nor under ia, when indentured, for every 50 tons burthen to be intitled to the bounties.

C. 22. [I/92.

ninety-five, having fully complied with all the requifitions of the before recited afts, as amended and continued by this aft; and a bounty or premium of twenty fhillings per ton for each and every (hip or vefTel as fhall proceed upon and return from the faid fifhery, between the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, and the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, having fully complied with all the aforefaid requifitions.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every fhip or veffel, having on board one apprentice for every fifty tons burthen, every fuch apprentice not exceeding the age of twenty years, nor being under twelve years, at the time he fhall be indentured, fhall be deemed properly fitted and qualified, with refpeft to the number and age of apprentices, to proceed on the faid fifhery to the Greenland feas and Davis's Streights, and to be intitled to the refpeftive bounties granted by this aft.

IV.	And whereas doubts have arifen whether, under the pro-vifions of the faid fir ft recited aft, pajfed in the twenty-fix th year of the reign of his prefent Alajejly, whale fins, oil or blubber of whales, feal oil, or feal Jkins, or any other produce • of feals, or other fijh or creatures, taken or caught in the faid Greenland feas or Davis’s Streights, or in the feas adjacent, by Britifh fubjefts ufually reftding in Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifiands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in Britifh /hips or vejjehy owned, regiftered, and navigated as required by law, but not fitted out in other refpefts under the regulations required by the faid aft to entitle fuch Jhips or veffels to the bounty therein given, will have a right to import the fame into this kingdom, zvithout paying any cujlom or other duty: to obviate which doubts, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That whale fins, oil or blubber of whales, feal oil, or feal fkins, or any other produce of feals, or other fifh or creatures taken or caught in any part of the ocean .by Britijb fubjefts, ufually refiding in Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifiands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in fhips or veffels built in either of the faid kingdoms or ifiands, owned, regiftered, and navigated according to law, fhall and may be imported into Great Britain without paying any cuftom, oy other duty for the fame, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding; provided that proof be made, that the faid arti-

ref ribed are c^es were a&uaHy caught and taken by the crew of the vefTel in compliedwith. which they are imported, by oath of the mafter of fuch vefTel, that the fame were bona fide fo caught and taken; and provided alfo, that a log book fhall be conftantly kept on board fuch fhip or vefTel, in which log book the various fituations and occurrences refpefting fuch fhip or vefTel, during the whole courfe of the? voyage, fhall be inferted every day, and particularly the times when fuch fhip or vefTel fhall have been in fight of land) diftinguifhing what land, and the bearings thereof, and the fuppofed diftances therefrom, and the foundings, and alfo the time when, and the latitude in which, any whale, or other creature living in the fea, fhall have been killed, taken, or caught by the crew of fuch fhip or

veffel;

Any produce of creatures caught in the ocean by Britifh fubjefts, ufually rdiding in Great Britain &c. may be imported duty-free, if the regulations herein

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno?regni tricefimo fecundo GEorgii III. c. 22j	479

vettel • which log book, fo to be kept as aforefaid, (hall be delivered by the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or vettel, at the time of his making a report of fuch {hip or veil'd, to the collector of the, cuftoms at the port in Great Britain where fuch fhip or vettel {hall arrive, for his infpedtion and examination; and the faid matter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch {hip or velTel, together with the mate thereof, fhall, jointly and feverally, verify on oath the contents of fuch log book before fuch collector, who is hereby authorifed and required to admi-nitter the fame.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That No harpoon-no harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, who {hall be in, or

belong to, any {hip or vettel in the Gree?iland fifhery trade, al- fhip^in the though fuch fhip or vettel be not fitted out under the regulations Greenland of the faid recited adts to intitle fuch {hip or vettel to the bounty filhery, therein given, and whofe name (diftinguifhing the capacity in	„

which the perfon fo named is to adt) {hall be inferted in a litt, to entitle them which is hereby required to be delivered on oath by the owner of to bounties fuch {hip or vettel to the colledtor of the cuttoms at the port frompmder the re-which fuch {hip or vettel is intended to proceed upon the faid bfim fifhery (which oath fuch collector is hereby impowered and re- prefpe(^5 ancj quired to adminifter,) {hall be imprefled from the faid fervice; may,whennot' and that any fuch harpooner, line manager, or boat tteerer may, employed in during the time of the year that he or they are not employed in ^ in^the^col the faid fifhery, fail in the colliery or coafting trade, upon giving nerytrade,See. fecurity, to the fatisfaction of the commiflioners of the cuftoms,	?

that he or they will proceed in the faid {hip or vettel to the Greenland feas, or Davis’s Streights, on the whale ttfhery the next feafon ; and that every feaman or common mariner who, during Seamen enter-the continuance of this add, {hall be entered to ferve on board any ed for fuch fuch {hip or vettel which fhall be fo intended to proceed on the fhips,exempt-faid fifhery, whofe name fhall be inferted in a litt to be delivered as aforefaid, and who fhall have given fecurity, to the fatisfadtion from Feb. 1. of the committioners of the cuftoms, to proceed, and fhall pro- yearly to the

ceed accordingly, fhall be privileged and exempt from being im- enc*ofthe o j '	.1	o	w	vovaae

pretted from or out of the faid fervice from the ftrft day of Fcbru- 7 a

ary in each year, until the voyage home from thence fhall be

fully complete and ended, and no longer ; any law, cuftom, or

ufage to the contrary notwithftanding : provided always, that this Protection

act {hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to protedt from from being

being imprefted any greater number of harpooners, line ma- gx&^d'onl*0

nagers, and boat fteerers, than fix harpooners, fix line managers, t'Q the nllir\.

and fix boat fteerers, and eighteen feamen or common mariners bers herein

belonging to each fuch fhip or vettel of the burthen of four fpecified.

hundred tons, and fo in proportion for any lefs tonnage.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That No whaleboat no boat ufed as and commonly called A Whale Boat, belonging belonging to to any {hip or vettel employed in the faid fifhery to the Greenland GSenlancf feas, or Davis’s Streights, or in the fifhery carried on in the feas filhery, &c.li-to the fouthward of the Greenland feas and Davis’s Streights, {hall able tofeizure*

011 account cf

Hosted by Google

480 Annoregni tricefimo fecundoGEORGii III. c. 23—25. [1792;

her conftruc- be liable to feizure for or on account of her built, dimenfions, or ployed” frTthe con^ru(^lon > provided, on the return of fuch (hip or vefTel from

the filheries at the end of every feafon, fuch boat (hall be laid up by the owner or owners thereof, in fuch place or places as {hall be approved of by the principal officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms of the port at which fuch {hip or vefTel (hall arrive, and fhall not be employed or made ufe of in any way whatever but in the faid fifheries.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the time for which any apprentice fhall have been indentured to ferve on board any fhip or vefTel employed in the laft-

age,tobecon~ mentioned fifheries, or either of them, fhall expire during the fidered as fuch voyage'of fuch fhip or vefTel, fuch apprentice fhall be accounted the vo	anc^ con^ere<^ to	intents and purpofes, as an apprentice for

le voyage.	t’ne whole voyage,	and fhall, on the fhip’s or vefTel’s return from

the faid fifheries, or either of them, be muftered accordingly.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon fhall be deemed a legal apprentice, within the intent and meaning of this prefent acl, or of the faid recited adts,

fifhery only.

Apprentices whofe times may expire during a voy

No perfon to be deemed a

fice,\fPbound or ehher of them, except fuch apprentices who have become fuch pofterior to previous to the paffing of this adt, unlefs he fhall ba a fubjedt of his Majefty.

the paffing of this aft, unlefs afubjeft of his Majefty.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for reftifying miftakes in the names of feveral of the commiffioners appointed by an adtJ made in the laft feffion of parliament, to put in execution an aft made in the fame feffion, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one ; and for appointing other commiffioners, together with thofe named in the firft mentioned aft, to put in execution an aft of this feffion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two ; and for indemnifying fuch perfons as have afted as commiffioners for executing the faid aft, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one.

C A P. XXIV.

An aft to repeal fo much of an aft, made in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the fale of the houfe in Privy Garden, heretofore ufed as an office for the commiffioners of the lottery ; and to enable his Majefty to grant the faid premifes.

cap. xxv.

An aft to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland,. further to increafe the capitalflock of the faid company.

Preamble. TX7HEREAS, by an aft of the parliament of Scotland, made in V V the year one thoufandfix hundred and ninety five, intituled,, An a£I for erecting a bank in Scotland, a joint flock, amounting to the fum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds, Scots money, (that is, one hundred thoufand poundsflerlingf was allowed to be raifed by the company thereby ejiablifhedffor carrying on and managing a publick bank ; and certain perfons therein mentioned were authorifed to appoint a book

Hosted by Google

1792*] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 25.	481

for receiving the fubfcriptions of fuch perfons as were willing to become adventurers in the fald joint fock: and by the faid aft it was declared)

That one thoufandpounds Scots Jhould be the loivefl, and twenty thou-fand pounds Scots the highefl fum which any perfon Jhould be allowed to fubfcribe: and by the J'aid aft it was alfo declared, That all and every the perfons fubfcribing, and paying to the faidflock as aforefaid,

Jhould be one body politick and corporate, by the name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland; under which name they Jhould have perpetual fuccejfion, and Jhould have a common feal: and by the faid aft it zuas direfted, that within three months after the aforefaid fubfcriptions Jhould be ended) the perfons in the faid aft namedy or any two of them) fl)ould appoint a certain day, and make due intimation of the fame, that fuch and fo many of the adventurers, and none ether, as Jhoiddeach of them have fubferibedfor one thoufand pounds or upwards, in the faid book of the joint flock, might eleft and choofe by a majority of votes, which were to be given, one vote for every one thoufand pounds Jhare of the flock, a Jit perfon of the fubferibers who had fubferibed for himfelf at leaf for eight thoufand pounds Scots, to be governor of the faid bankand another Jit perfon of the fubferibers, who Jhould have fubferibedfor himfelf at leaf for fix thoufand pounds Scots, to be deputy governor of the faid bank; and alfo twenty-four other Jit perfons who Jhould have fubferibed each of them for himfelf at leaf for three thoufand pounds Scots in the faid joint flock, to be directors of the faid bank; and certain other rules and regulations were thereby preferibed for the better managing and ordering the affairs of the faid bank: and, in purfuance of the aforefaid afty the faid bank was foon after eflablijhed, and has ever flnee continued: and whereas, by an aft of the parliament of Great Britain, pajfed in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majeflfs reign, intituled, (An aft to enable the 14 Geo. 3* governor and company of the bank of Scotland to increafe the c* capital {lock of the faid company), it was enafted, That, within one month after the pafftng of the faid aft, or as foon after as might be, the court of ordinary direftors of the faid bank Jhould appoint a hook to be opened and kept at the office of the faid bank of Scotland, for receiving fubfcriptions for an additional capital, or joint flock, to the extent of twelve hundred thoufand pounds Scots, or one hundred thoufand poundsflerling money, and no more\ in which book, every perfon or perfons poffejfed of a Jhare or fares of the original capital flock of the faid bank of Scotland, Jhould be entitled to fubfcribe for as much of the Jaid new or additional flock as he^ Jhe, or they Jhould be poffejfed of of the old or original fock, at the time of hisy her, or their fubfcribing., and no more, or for a leffer number ofJhares thereof if fuch perfon or perfons Jhould fo think proper: and, by the faid aft, it was further declared, That no proprietor Jhould hold more than tiventy Jloares of the old flock, or more than forty Jhares of the old and neiO together ; and it was alfo, by the faid aft) further declared, That after the additional capital Jhould be compleated) no proprietor Jhould be elefted governor, unlefs he had) upon the original and new flock together) paid in the fum of flxteen thoufand pounds Scots; nor deputy governor, unlefs he had) upon the original and new flock together, paid in twelve thoufand pounds Scots] nor dir eft or % unlefs he had, upon

Hosted by Google

482 Anno regni tricefimo feoundo GeorGiI III. c. 25. [1792.

the original and new Jlock togeth, paid in fix	Scots ;

and that) from and after the [aid period) no proprietor Jhould be entitled to give his vote in the eleblion of a governor, deputy governor, or* director, or in any queflion in any general meeting) who was not pof-fejfed of two thoifand pounds Scots of old or new flock)- or old and new Jlock together) and who had not aftually paid in the faid two thoifand pounds; and that every proprietor Jhould have a vote for each two thoufand pounds which he had aftually paid in ; provided alwaysj *.That no proprietor fooidd ever be entitled to more than twenty votes: and whereas) by another aft of the parliament of Great Britain, paffed in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majeffs reigU) (in-54 Geo. 3.	tituled) An a£t to enable the governor and company of the bank

c*I2"	of Scotland further to increafe the capital ftock of the faid com-

pany), it was enabled) That) within one month after the paffmg of the faid aft) or as foon thereafter as might be) the court of ordinary direftors of the faid bank Jhould appoint a book to be opened and kept at the office of the faid bank tf/'Scotland, for receiving fubfcriptions for an additional capital or joint fock, to the extent of twelve hundred thoufand pounds Scots, or one hundred thoifand pounds ferling money, and no more ; in which book every perfon or perfons pojfeffed of two or more Jhares of the capital flock of the faid bank ^/Scotland at the time) foould be entitled to fubfcribe for a proportional fare of the faid neiv or additionalJlock) cor ref ponding to the Jhares fo pcfejfed by fuch per-fon or perfonS) at the time of hisy her, or their fubjcribing, and no more \ that is to fay) that each proprietor) then holding two Jhares of the fock) Jhould be entitled to fubfcribe for one fare of the new or additionalJlock) and no more) andfo on in proportion : and it was by the faid lafi recited aft further enabled) That it Jhould be lawful to the majority of a general meeting of the proprietors of the faid bank) to call for the whole or any part of the additionalfock) at fuch times and in fuch prop or ti on s as they Jhould think proper ; provided that no fubfcriber Jhould be called upon to pay up more than his juf proportion of one hundred thoufand pounds ferling) the amount, of the then additional fock) corref-ponding to the number of Jhares fubfcribed for by him \ but it Jhould not be ill the po wer of any fubfcriber to pay up the whole or any part of the then additionalJlock) until the fame Jhould be calledfor by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors: and it was thereby further enabled, Thai no fubj'criber of the then additional fock foould be entitled to draw any part of a dividend) either upon his old or newfock) until he had paid up his proportion oj any call of Jlock that had been ordered by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors ; and each fubfcriber of the then neiu jlock) failing to pay his proportion of fuch call) Jhould be charged with the Iegal inter ef upon it, until the fame was paid) and Jhoidd have no vote at eleftions or general meetings while the fame remained unpaid: and it was thereby further enabled) That after thefaid additional fock had been com-* pletely paid in, no proprietor Jhould be elefted governor) unlefs he Jhould he pojfefjed of twenty-four thoufand pounds Scots, (that it) two thoufand pounds ferling) ; nor deputy governor) unlefs he Jhould be pojfefjed of eighteen thoufand pounds Scots (that is) one thoufand five hundred pounds ferling) ; nor dir eft or) unlefs he Jhoidd be pofj'ejfed of nine thou-jand pounds Scots (that is )feven hundred and fifty poundsferling)) of

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 25,	483

the Jlock of the faid governor and company : and that after the faid additional flock had been completed, no proprietor Jhould be entitled to give his vote in the election of a governor, deputy governors or directory or in any queflion in a general meeting, who was not pofleffed of three thoufand pounds Scots, (that isy two hundred andfifty pounds flerlingfl of flacky and who had not actually paid in the faid three thoufand pounds Scots; and that every proprietor foould have a vote for each three thoufand pounds Scots which he had actually paid in; and that no proprietor Jhould ever be entitled to more than tiventy votes, either in theannual elefl ion of governor, deputy governor, and direftorsy or in any queflion whatever that might occur to be made the fuhjeft of dij-cuffion at any general meeting of proprietors: and vohereas it would greatly tend to the advancement of agriculturey commercey and manu-faftureSy and be otherwife highly be?ieficial and expedienty that the capitalflock of the faid bank Jhould be flill further increafedy fo as not to exceed in the whole the fum of feven millions two hundred thoufand pounds Scots, or fix hundred thoufand poundsft er ling; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enatfted; and be it enadted. by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That within one month after the firft day of June one thoufand A fubfeription

feven hundred and ninety-two, or as foon after as may be, the to be opened

court of ordinary diredtors of the faid bank fhall appoint a book for rai?n£,,.

to be opened and kept at the office of the faid bank of Scotland, tional'capita//

for receiving fubferiptions for an additional capital or joint ftock

to the extent of three million fix hundred thoufand pounds Scots,

or three hundred thoufand pounds fterling money, and no more:

in which book every perfon or perfons poffefled of a (hare or

{hares of the prefent capital ftock of the faid bank of Scotland, fhall

be entitled to fubferibe for as much of the new or additional ftock

as he, fhe, or they fhall be pofleffed of, of the faid prefent ftock,

at the time of his, her, or their fubferibing, and no more ; or for

a leffer number of fhares thereof, if fuch perfon or perfons fo

think proper.

II.	Andy in order that no perfon or perfons poffefled of flock in the faid bank of Scotland, may be deprived of the benefit hereby intended

them, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall be in Proprietors the power of every proprietor of the prefent capital ftock of the may tobicribe faid company, by a writing under his, her, or their hands, to au- Pi0xy‘ thorife any perfon, he, fhe, or they fhall think proper to fubferibe for him, her, or them, and the fubfeription of the perfon fo autho-rifed, fhall be equally effedtual as if the proprietor who gives fuch authority had fubferibed with his, her, or their hands.

III.	And be it further enabled, That the privilege and prefer- Time limited ence of fubferibing to the new or additional ftock, hereby given for lutdcrip-to the proprietors of the prefent capital ftock of the faid bank, Uon'

fhall be limited to three months from the time of opening the fubfeription book above-mentioned, and after the expiration of the faid term, in cafe any fhare or fhares of the faid new or additional ftock (hall not have been fubferibed for, the faid fub-

Vol. XXXVII.	K	'	.	fcriptxoix

Hosted by Google

How flirt res Unfubfcribed for are to be difpofcd of.

Gain on Tales to be applied to the life of the bank.

If fliares are not all dif-pofed of, a fubfcription to be again opened.

General meeting of proprietors may call for new flock to

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 25. [1792.

fcription book (hall be (hut, and a general meeting, of the proprietors called, upon fuch notice as a court of ordinary diredtors ill all think fit; at which meeting the fhare or (hares not fub-fcribed for (hall be fold to the highed bidder, provided fuch bidder be a proprietor of the prefent capital (lock of the faid bank, or be authorifed and empowered to purchafe for a perfon who is a proprietor of the faid capital dock, by a writing under his, her, or their hands.

IV.	And be it further enatdecf, That in cafe any premium or gain be received upon or by the faid fale or fales, the fame (ball be applied for the benefit of the governor and company of the bank

of Scotland.

V.	And be it further enadfed, That if any (hare or (bares of the new (lock (hall not be fold at the faid general meeting of proprietors, then, and in that cafe, the fubfcription book (ball be immediately again opened, and it (hall be in the power'of any perfon or perfons to fubfcribe for fuch a number of (hares as he, (he, or they (hall choofe.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall and maybe lawful to the majority of a general meeting of the faid proprietors, to call for the whole, or any part of the new or additional (lock, to be fubfcribed for in manner above diredted, at fuch times and in

^ubfcnbcd fuch proportions as they (hall think proper: provided always. That no fuhfcriber (hall be called upon to pay up more than his jud proportion of three hundred thoufand pounds derling, the amount of the new (lock correfponding to the number of (hares fubfcribed for by him : but it (hall not be in the power of any fub-fcriber to pay up either the whole, or any part of the new additional dock, until the fame (hall be called for by a majority of a general meeting of the proprietors.

No proprietor VII. ^nd be it further enadted, That no fuhfcriber of new to draV^di"	entdled to draw any part of a dividend either upon

vidcnd till his his old or new dock, until he has paid his proportion of any call call is paid in. of dock that has been ordered by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors ; and each fuhfcriber of new dock failing to pay his proportion of fuch call, (hall be charged with the legal intered upon it, until the fame be paid ; and (hall have no vote at elections or general meetings while the fame remains unpaid.

VIII.	And it is hereby enacted, That a certificate under the hand of the accomptant of the faid bank, certifying that a call or calls have not been paid by any of the perlons who have fubfcribed againftperfons themfelves to the faid new dock, or by any of the perfons for failing to pay whom any other perfon, empowered as aforefaid, has fubfcribed in their calls. £0 the faid dock, (hall, when produced with this a£1 to the court of feifion, be a fufficient warrant to the faid court for iduing letters of horning againd fuch perfon or perfons, for the call or calls unpaid by them, at the indance or fuit of the treafurer of the faid bank.

Former ads IX. And it is hereby provided and declared, That the faid a£t confirmed, 0f the parliament of Scotland, in the year one thoufand fix hundred

except where	1	J

altered by this anc* ninety-five, excepting fo far as .the fame is altered by the laid act.	■	*	’	other

Court of fef-lion to ilfue letters of horning

Hosted by Google

I792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c.	26—	5

other afts of the fourteenth and twenty-fourth years ofhisprefent Majefty; and alfo the faid aft of the fourteenth of his prefent Majefty, excepting fo far as the fame is altered by the faid aft of the twenty-fourth of his prefent Majefty, and the faid other add of the twenty-fourth of his prefent Majefty, (hall remain in full force in all points, excepting in fo far as the fame are altered by this aft.

X.	And laftly, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Publick ad'* this aft (hall‘be deemed a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of by all judges, juftices, and others whatfoever* without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXVI.

An ad for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-two —Continued annually.

CAP. XXVII.

An ad to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or other's, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or mifiaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped ; to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and tile affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folici-tors : for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranfmit defcriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpofe; and for allowing further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or lervants.

C A P. XXVIII.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.

812,500!. to be raifed by a lottery, and fubfcribers to depofit il. 5s. for each ticket. All perfons who have made depofits, purfuant to the refolu-tion of the houfe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fubfcriptions,at certain times fpecified, viz. al. by May 25, 1792;—2I. by July 20; — 2I. by Sept. 7 ; —2I. by Oft. 19 ; — 3I. by Dec. 14, and the rer maining 4I. by Jan. n, 1793; and the contributors for each 161- 5s. advanced, to have upon each fortunate ticket the lot fallen to him; and thole that pay contributions before the time limited to be allowed difcount at 3I. per cent, per ann. and if the whole fum of Si2,5ooh be paid, to have lottery tickets delivered at the rate of 16I. 5s. each. Cafhier to give fecurity* to the fatisfaftion of-the commiffioners of the treafury; and to pay ail monies received into the exchequer. Commiffioners of the treafury impowered fo apply the money paid in by the cafhier. 500,0001.the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feffion. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books.

Managers to exam hie the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the lame. Caffiiers to return the books, with the undifpofed tickets,and anaccoimt of money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 28. [1792;

indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets.—% prizes of 30,000k.—2 of 20,000k—3 of 10,000k—5 of 5,000k—10 of a,000k—15 of 1,000k—30 of 500k—50 of iool.—100 of 50I. and 14) 150 of 20k 1 ,oool. to the firft-drawn ticket; i,oool. to the laft-drawn. Tickets in the outermoft column of the laft-mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), See. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 18, 1793. Method to be obferved in drawing, See. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums, to be printed. Difputes to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, &c. capital felony and death. Offenders (not in prifon) dif. covering perfons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50k reward. Pro-vifo, no attainder for fuch offences to make corruption of blood, lofs of dower, or difherifon of heirs. Managers to be fworn. ' The oath.

I A. B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in purfu-ance of an adt of parliament, made in the thirty-fecond year of his Majefty’s reign, do fwear, That I will faithfully execute the truft re-pofed in me; and that I will not ufe any indirect art or means, or permit or diredt any perfon to ufe any indiredt art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myfelf, or any other perfon ivhatfoever; and that I will do the utmoft of my endeavours to prevent any undue or linifter pradtice to be done by any perfon whatsoever ; and that I will, to the belt of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid adt.

Cafhier may receive the fums fubferibed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the fame; which fhall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 16I. 5 s. paid. After May 25, 1792, the calhier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the fum adlually fubferibed; and fhall give receipts for the reffdue of fuch fums, after deducting the value of the tickets fo delivered. Contributors, not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, Sec. Commiflioners of the treafury may reward the managers, Sec. as they fhall think fit. The 500,000k for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged cn any fupplies granted this feffion; and fhall be paid to the proprietors, without any dedudtion, on June 28, 1793, Sec. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, Sec. and figned, Sec. Commiflioners of the treafury impowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this adt. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies, or for any receipts, Sec. on penalty of 20k No tickets to be divided into any other fhares than halves, quarters, eighths, and fixteenths, on penalty of 5ol. Form of fhares of tickets.

J^OTTERY for the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two.

(An Half)	Ticket,	No.

(or as the Jhare may be)

The bearer of this fhare will be entitled to one	part	of

fuch beneficial chance as fhall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in purfuance of an adt paffed in the thirty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign.

Perfons counterfeiting fhares* Sec. guilty of felony, and fuffer as fuch. Ge* neral iffue. Treble coffs.

CAP.

Hosted by Google

i7920 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeorGII III. c. 29, 30.	487

CAP. XXIX.

An aCt for eftablifhing a permanent fund for the relief and fupport of (kip-pers and keelmen employed in the coal trade on the river Wear, in the county of Durham, who by fickneis, or other accidental misfortunes, or by old age, (hall not be able to maintain themfelves and their families; and alfo for the relief of the widows and children of fuch (kippers and keelmen.

Skippers and keelmen employed in the coal trade on the river Wear, in the county of Durham, formed into a fociety, to be called “ The Society of Keelmen on the River Wear.77 Forty-one guardians appointed; who are to be a body politick and corporate, by the name of “ The Guardians of the Society of Keelmen on the River Wear. Guardians to provide an hofpital for the infirm keelman. No keelman to be entitled to the benefits of this aCt, unlefs he (hall produce a certificate from the fte wards of the fociety declaring him to be an objeCi of the charity. No perfon (hall be entitled to the benefits of this a<5t, unlefs he fhall have contributed his quota to the fund for one entire year, See. -Three of the guardians to be a committee, and meet the firft Tuefday in every month. The tranfac** tions of the committee to be fubjeCt to the controul of the other guardians. A fteward to be chofen yearly for each work. Election of guar- 1 dians to be on the firft of Jan. annually. Power for guardians to make bye laws. Each (kipper to pay not exceeding aq. per chaldron out of his wages, on the firft Thurfday in Jan. and July, according to mufter roll.

Two juftices to fummon fitters or collectors, and to examine them upon oath; and in cafe of embezzlement, to levy by diftrefs and fale. Fitters or collectors refilling to appear on fummons, forfeit not more than iool. nor lefs than iol. Charges of this aCt, and of officers falaries, to be firft paid, and then the receipts to accumulate for two years. Savings to be placed in the funds. Allowance to be made towards the expence of the members funerals. Perfons applying for relief to make out their claims. Per-fons obtaining relief by fraud, 8cc. to be excluded from future benefits.

Publick aCt.

CAP. XXX.

An aCt for taking down the church, chancel, and tower belonging to the parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the county of Salop, and for rebuilding the fame, and for enlarging the burial ground of the faid parifh.

Truftees. If truftees die or refufe to aCt, new ones to be appointed. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Qualification of truftees, iol. a year in land or houfes and real or perfonal eftate of the value of i,oool. Firft meeting to be the firft Monday in May 1792. Clerk, treafurer, See. to be appointed. Rates to be made, and not to exceed three (hillings in the pound. Tenants to pay the whole, and dednCt half the rates out of the rents. Not to affcCt agreements. Where houfes are let to feve-ral families, the landlord to pay the rate. Recovery of rates. Power to fue for rates. Truftees may borrow 3,000!. and affign rates as fecurity, which may be transferred. Manner of paying off fecurities. Two collectors to be chofen yearly. Collectors to account. On refufol may be committed.

Truftees to take down the church, and a new one to be built. Ecclefiaftical court of the deanry of Bridgnorth to be held in the veftry room. Two fmall pieces of ground to be laid into the church-yard. Power to purchale land for the further enlargement of the church-yard. Money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid out in the purchale of eftates. Directions as to monuments. Allotment of pews. No undue preference in the fale or letting of feats. Perfons to whom pews allotted to pay for ereCting, &c.

No poll for elections in the church. Banns to be publifhed, &c. previous to building the church in the church of Saint Leonard in Bridgnorth.

New church to be called the parifh church of Saint Mary Magdalen.

Right of the minifter, and right of prefentation prelerved. Saving eccle-

K k 3	f	fiaftic.4

Hosted by Google

438 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgit III. c. 31,32. [1792.'

ftaftical rights. Remedy for recovering fubfcriprions. Application of monies raifed. Truftees may compound for penalties contained in any contract. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. XXXI.

An aCt for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwife improving, the illand of Canvey, in the county of Effex.

Commiflioners appointed. Election of new commiffioners. Commidioners to take an oath. Firft meeting of commiffioners on the fecond Wednefday in May 1792. One or two commiffioners may adjourn. Commiffioners to-be paid 5s. each towards the expences of their meetings. Commiffioners not to be perfonally liable. Commiffioners may make rules and orders, and appoint officers. Security to be given by the treafurer and collector. Officers to account. The works veiled in the commiffioners; except thofe round the Outfands. Commiffioners to maintain the works. Power to get materials. Power to fet the walls further inward, making fatisfaClion. If the owners of the land taken for a foreland fliall not agree with the commif-lioners concerning the value, the fame to be-afcertained by a jury, 5I. penalty on jurors and witneffes for default. Application of purchafe money belonging to corporations, &c. Occupiers to cleanfe ditches. Power of fuper-intending the works round the Outfands. Commiffioners may raife in four years, from May 1, 179a, 3,8ool. by an annual rate on the lands in the ifland of Canvey (except the lands called Outfands). Notice to be given . of meetings for making rates. Power to pay off the monies raifed in aid of the third acre owners. Expences of the aCt to be paid by the proprietors of lands in the illand, except the third acre owners and the proprietors of the Outfands. Power to borrow money. Proprietors of lands in the illand being tenants for life, or for years determinable upon lives, or upon any other contingency, may borrow money impofed upon them by this aCt by way of mortgage, and where fuch charge is made, the monies directed to be repaid, to be paid to the perfons advancing the fame. Owners to give an account of their lands. Copy of the eltimates and affeffments to be affixed on the doors of the parifh church and chapel of South Bemfleet, in the ifland of Canvey. Power of levying taxes. Tenants paying taxes may d.edudt the fame out of their rents. Power to levy taxes on untenanted lands. Power to charge leffees with a further rent on account of the improvements. 467I. is. already advanced to be firft paid. Cattle depaftur-ing on the banks to be impounded. Deftroying the works liable to be puniffied as in caffs of felony, iol. penalty on opening floodgates, See. juftices to adminifter oaths. Appeal to the quarter leffions from the order of juftices or commiffioners. Proceedings not be quafhed for want of form. Perfons aggrieved for irregularity in diftrefs, to recover for the fpecial damage only. Works not to be fubje<5t to the commiffioners of fewers. Books of account to be kept. Rules and orders to be entered in books and ffgned. No order reverfible but by content of feven commiffioners. Saving the rights of lords of manors. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft to revive and continue fo much of an aft, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, as relates to the conveyance of Jheep between Cowes in the Me of Wight, and the ports of Southampton and Portfmouth; and to extend the fame to horfes and lambs; and to amend the faid aft.

Preamble. ^ S’7 H E R EAS, by an aft made in the fixth year of the reign of 6Geo. 3. c.50. V ¥ his prefent Majefly, among other things, for allowing the con-and	veyance from the ports of Southampton and Portfmouth, to the port

of

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fccu'ndo GeoRGII III. c. 3?.’	489

of Cowes in the ifle of Wight, of goods not liable to duty on expo_r-tation, or prohibited to be exported, and of fheep and cattle between thefaid ports, without cocquets being taken or bonds entered into for that purpofe- it was e naff erf, That no cocquet or bond Jhouldbe required for carrying or conveying jheep (provided the fame be carried in opeti boats or hoys,) nor any other kind of cattle (horfes and lambs excepted), between the port of Cowes in the Ifle of Wight, and the ports of Southampton and Portfmouth: and whereas by another aff, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majcjly, .amongfl other things, to explain, amend, and reduce into one a£t of parlia- ^SGeo.3.c.?8. ment, feveral laws now in being for preventing the exportation of recited, live fheep, lambs, and rams, thefaid firjl recited aff, made in the ftxth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, was repealed in reffreff to the conveyance of jheep between Cowes and the ports of Southampton and Portfmouth : and whereas it is expedient that the faidfirjl recited aff, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Mafifiy, fo far as the fame Jhall relate to the ports of Cov/es, Southampton, and Portfmouth refpeffively, jhould be revived and continued in force, and Jhould extend to permit the removal of horfes between the faid ports of Southampton, Portfmouth, and Cowes refpeffively, when not ' exceeding fix in number in any one vejfiel, and of any number of all other cattle, except Jheep and lambs, without any fuffierance or other cujhm-houfe document vahatever, and of lambs without cocquet or bond, as ivell as Jheep, and to permit the removal without cocquet or bond fro?n the faid port of Cowes to the faid ports a/'Southampton and Portfmouth refpeffively, of any kind of goods, wares, or merchandifes, which are not, or fijall not be prohibited to be exported front Great Britain to foreign parts, nor liable to any cufiom or duty to his Ma-jefty on the exportation thereof from Great Britain, and to permit and allow the removal without cocquet or bojulfrom the faid port of Cowes to the faid ports of Southampton and Portfmouth, of any kind of goods, tvares, or merchandifes, fubjeff or liable to duty on the importation thereof into Great Britain, provided the duty of cufiom on Juch importation Jhall not exceed five pounds for fuch goods which are to be fo carried or conveyed as aforefaid, and the fa?ne goods fo liable to duty be carried or conveyed in one veffel or boat, at one and the fame time, belonging to the inhabitants of the ports of Cowes, Southampton, and Portfmouth refpeffively ; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid From July recited add, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Ma- recited jefty, {hall, from and after the fifth day of July one thouland fofaras^dat*^* feven hundred and ninety-two, fo far as the fame fnall relate to to the ports of the faid ports of Cowes, Southampton, and Portfmouth, be revived, Cowes South-and fhall continue in full force and effect, the fame as if the laid ampton, and 'recited a£t, made in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Ma- rev\ved°Ut^? jefty’s reign, had not been made.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, Horfes not^ froi}i and after the faid fifth day of July one tnoufaud feven hun- exceeding fis

K k 4	dredmoneVcfld>

Hosted by Google

ber of cattle ({Keep and lambs excepted) may be conveyed between Cowes and Southampton and Portfmouth, without fuf-ferance, See.

and any num- 4red and ninety-two, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or

-	,	J	J	\	r	y	J 4	1*

perions whatever to carry or convey hories, when not exceeding fix in number in any one veffel, and any number of all other cattle (fheep and lambs excepted) without obtaining any fuffer-ance or other cuftom houfe document whatever, between the faid port of Cowes and the faid ports of Southampton find Portfmouth, and alfo lambs, without taking out any cocquet or cocquets, or giving any fecurity by bond, or otherwife, for the due landing the fame; provided the fame be carried in open boats or hoys, in like manner as fheep are required to be carried by the faid recited a<5f, made in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign; and to carry and convey from the faid port of Cowes to the faid ports of Southampton and Portfmouth, without taking out any cocquet or cocquets, or giving any fecurity by bond, or other wife, for the due landing the fame, any kind of goods, wares, or merchandifes, which are not or {hall not be prohibited to be exported from Great Britain to foreign parts, or which are not or {hall not be liable to any cuftom or duty to his Majefty on the exportation thereof from Great Britain, and to carry and convey, without taking out any cocquet or cocquets, or giving any fecurity by bond, or other-wife, from the faid port of Cowes to the faid ports of Southampton and Portfmouth, of any kind of goods, wares and merchandifes, fubject or liable to duty on the importation thereof into Great Britain; provided the duty of cuftoms on fuch importation {hall not exceed five pounds for fuch goods which are to be fo carried or conveyed as aforefaid, and the fame goods fo liable to duty be carried or conveyed in one veffel or boat at one and the fame time, belonging refpe&ively to the inhabitants of the ports of Cowes> Southampton, and Portfmouth.

III.	And be it further ena£led by the authority aforefaid. That it {hall and may be lawful for any officer of the cuftoms redding in the Ifle of Wight, near the place where any fheep or lambs are to be fo carried or conveyed as aforefaid, from the faid port of Cowes to the faid ports of Southampton and Portfmouth by fuffer-, ance only, to grant fuch fufferance, and fuch officer is hereby re-quired to grant the fame onftue application for that purpofe; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Officer of the cuftoms in the 3fie of Wight to grant fufferance s.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for explaining and amending an adi^ pajfed in the thirty-firJl year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second., intituled., An a6f for the encouragement of feamen employed in the royal navy, and for eftabliftnng a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eafily and readily to remit the fame for the fupport of their wives and families ; and for preventing frauds and abufes attending fuch payments; and for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and feamen, non-com--mijfoned officers of mariner, and marines, ferving, or who may have ferved, on board any of his Majefiy s flips.

WHEREAS

Hosted by Google

i792*] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 3^	491

WHEREAS an aft paffed in the thirty frf year of the reign ^Preamble.

his late majejly King George the Second, intituled,, An adt for siGeo.a.c.io* the encouragement of feamen employed in the royal navy ; and for recfted* eftablifhing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eafily and readily to remit the fame for the fupport of their wives and families ; and for preventing frauds and abufes attending fuch payments : and whereas it is jujl that certain provifons of the faid a5t Jhould be extended to marines fcrving on boardJhips in his Majejly75 fervice; and it would tend much to the advantage of feamen arid ma~ rines, that the method efablijhed by the faid act for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages, Jhould be further extended ; be it therefore enadted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft: day of Prom Aug. t9 Auguf one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, when and fo often as any non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, belonging to any fhip or veflel in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, {hall, by order of the captain or commanding officer of fuch fhip or veflel, be fet fide afhore, and be fent into any hofpital or fick quarters for his recovery, and fuch non-com-mi ffioned officer of marines, or marine, be difeharged from fuch hofpital or fick quarters unferviceable, the agent of fuch hofpital or lick quarters is hereby charged and required to make out a certificate of fuch difeharge, and to fign, teftify, and deliver the fame, in the manner and form direded by the aforefaid ad of the thirty-firft year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, in cafes where feamen are fo difeharged from fuch hofpitals or lick quarters.

II. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of Auguf one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, if any non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, (hall die in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or luc-ceflors, the captain or commander of the fhip or veflel in which fuch officer or marine ferved at the time of his death (hall, as foon as may be after his death, make out a ticket for the wages or pay due to fuch officer of marines, or marine, for his fervice on board of fuch fhip or veflel at the time of his death; which ticket the faid captain or commander fhall fign himfelf, and (hall caufe to be figned by the proper figning officers of fuch fhip or veflel, and fhall fend or tranfmit the fame to the commiffioners of the navy at their board; and the faid commiffioners fhall note, examine, and affign the fame for payment, and fhall deliver the fame to the executors or adminiftrators, or others duly authorifed to receive the fame, in the manner diredled by the aforefaid adb of the thirty-firft year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, in cafes when feamen die on board fhips or veflels in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors.

III.	And be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any petty officer 01 feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines,

1 7 y 2 > kHC agent of hofpitals to make out difehar^es for non-com-mi ffioned officers of marines, or marines, difmif-fed as unferviceable, See. as directed by-recited ad.

On the death of any fuch officer or marine, the captain of the Hi ip to make out a ticket of the pay due,

& c.

On the death of any petty officer, Scc.

Hosted by Google

49a Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33. [I792.s

the captain to fines, or marine, (hall die in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs fe^to behold or ^ucce9'ors5 caPtain or commander of the {hip or veffel in atthemaft &c. which fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, ferved at the time of his death, fhall as foon as may be thereafter caufe the cloaths or other effects which fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, was pofleffed of at the time of his death, to be publickly fold at the maft, and the amount of fuch cloaths or effedts bought at fuch fale to be marked and charged againft the wages of the perfon or perfons purchafing the fame; provided always, that the cloaths or effedts fo bought fhall not exceed the net wages due and payable to the perfon purchafing the fame : and the faid captain or commander {hall further diredt and order the purfer under whofe infpedtion fuch cloaths or effedts fhall have been put up to fale, to make out, or caufe to be made out, a lift or bill, containing the name of the perfon or perfons who fhall have pur-chafed fuch cloaths or effedts, or any part thereof, and fpecifying the amount and value purchafed by each as aforefaid, and fhall diredt fuch purfer to fign the fame, and fhall himfelf fign and' tranfmit fuch bill or account of cloaths or effedts fold, annexed to and by the fame conveyance, and at the fame times, as he fhall fend and tranfmit the dead ticket for the wages of fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, who fhall have fo died as aforefaid; and when and fo often as any'petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall die, without leaving at the time of his death any cloaths or effedts as aforefaid, the faid captain or commander fhall certify to that effedt on the dead ticket to be made out as aforefaid.

Captains to IV. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from

cauie the and after the faid fir ft day of Auguft one thonfand feven hundred

names o e atKj ninety-two, when and fo often as any captain or commanding: non-com mil-	„	/	’	,r	.	.	,	r . J r f. , , . n , . . . ^

Honed officers officer of any ihip or vellel in Jhe iemce of his Majefty, his heirs

of marines, or fucceffors, which fhall not be in any port of Great Britain, or and marines, on t|ie coaft thereof, fhall, in compliance with the diredtions with the names given hhn 'm the afore-mentioned act, read over, or caufe to be of the petty read over, the names of all the inferior officers and Teamen be-officers, and longing to fuch fhip or veffel, the faid captain or commanding ieamen, and to 0fficer is hereby directed and required to read over in like man-offtichas fhall ner> or cau^e to reac^ over? ah names of the non-com mif-be defirous of fioned officers of marines, and marines, belonging to fuch fhip remitting their or veffel, and fhall caufe them to anfwer to their names; and if wages, &c. any fuch officer of marines, or marine, fhall be defirous to remit to his wife, father, or mother, in Great Britain, or if any inferior officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall be defirous to remit to his grandfather, grandmother, brother, or filter, the faid captain or commander fhall caufe lifts to be made out for fuch officers, feamen, and marines, in the manner directed by the aforefaid adt, in cafes of inferior officers and feamen remitting their wages to their wives, fathers, or mothers, and fhall in like manner fign, complete, and tranfmit thcj

Hosted by Google

493

&C.

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33.

fame to the commiffioners of the navy at their board ; and the faid commiffioners fhall caufe bills to be made out for every fuch allotment, which bills they fhall make payable, and tranfmit, affigu for payment, and direct to be paid, in every refpeci, the fame as directed by the aforefaid a£t of the thirty-firft year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, in cafes of bills made out for allotments made by inferior officers and feamcit on board of fuch fhips or veftels.

V.	And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforefaid, That, For wages from and after the faid firft day of Augnjl onethoufand feven hun- when payable, dred and ninety-two, when and fo often as any wages or pay due ^ceiveVui^ to any non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall be UDCm the repaid at the pay office of the navy, or at any of the cut ports, if ceiver-general iuch officer of marines, or marine, fhall deiire to receive a bill of the landtax, for the whole, or any part of the fame, to be drawn upon the receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the commiffioner of the navy comptrolling fuch payment fhall caufe bills to be made out, which he fhall fign, and caufe to be attefted, forwarded, and delivered in like manner as diredled in the aforefaid a6t of the thirty-firft year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, in cafes of inferior officers and feamen remitting their wages.

VI.	And be it ena£led by the authority aforefaid, That as foon ' as the duplicate of any remittance bill or bills, made out in favour of or granted in the manner herein-before directed to any non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall be produced fix months and delivered to any receiver-general of the land tax, collector of of the date to the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, in general"1 h?~ Great Britain refpecfivelv, within fix calendar months from the fhall examine date thereof, he is hereby required and enjoined to examine fuch into the truth duplicate, and enquire into the truth thereof, by the oath of the ot it upon perfon producing the fame, which oath he is hereby authorifed fhc famewlth-and directed to adminifter, and upon being duly fatished to teftify out fee, but if the fame on the back of fuch bill, and fhall immediately pay to not produced the perfon or perfons to whom fuch bills fhall be made payable, within fix and who fhall be entitled to receive the fame, without fee or re- [halibTre ward on any pretence whatfoever, the fum contained in fuch bill, turned to the taking his, her, or their receipt for the fame on the back thereof, treafurer of which bill fo paid, upon being produced and delivered, together the navy, dec. with the duplicate thereof, at the navy office, fhall be immediately affigned for payment by three or more commiflioners of the

navy, and fhall be immediately repaid by the treafurer of the navy to fuch receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms,' collector of the excife, clerk of the check, or to the order of any of them refpedftively, who fhall have paid fuch bill; but in cafe the duplicate of fuch bill fhall not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof be demanded within fix calendar months from the date thereof, then the faid receiver-general of the land tax, colle&or of the cuftoms, collector of the excife,

Qi- clerk of the check, fhall return fuch bill to the treafurer of the

navy,

On production of the duplicates of a bill within

Hosted

id by Google

ficd.

494 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33. [1792;

navy, who fhall caufe fuch bill to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof thefum fo contained in fuch bill fhall accrue and become payable to fuch non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for whofe wages or pay it was made out, or to his lawful attorney or attornies, or to his repre-fentatives, in cafe he fhall be dead, in the fame manner as if fuch bill had never been iffued.

VII.	And be it further enaCled by the authority . aforefaid, ^ant to *ett	^rom	an^	a^ter	the	day	°f	dugujl one thou fa nd feven

officers° &c. ^ hundred and ninety-two, when and fo often as any petty officer turned over, °r feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall or difcharged, be turned over from any {hip or vefTel in the fervice of his Ma-&c. tickets for jefty} his heirs or fucceffors, into any other fhip or veffel in fuch containing the fervice, and which {hips or veffels {hall not at the time of the reparticulars moval of fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer herein fpeci- of marines, or marine, be in any port of Great Britain, where any commiffioner of his Majefly’s navy may be and refide, and when and fo often as any fuch petty officer or feaman, non-com-miffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall by wounds, fick-nefs, or any other manifeft infirmity, be difabled, and be difcharged from fuch {hip or veffel as unferviceable, or be fent fick to any of his Majefly’s hofpitals or fick quarters,- at home or abroad, then and in either of fuch cafes the captain or commanding officer of the fhip from which the faid petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall be fo turned over, or be fo difcharged, or fent fick, fhall at the fame time make out, or caufe to be made out, a ticket for the wages or pay due ter fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for his fervices on board fuch fhip or veffel at the time of his being fo turned over, difcharged, or fent fick, and which ticket fhall confift of two parts, that fhall be duplicates, and joined together, by oblique lines, flourifhes, and devices, and each of which fhall fpecify the name, age, flature, and complexion of fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, and likewife the date of his entry into fuch fhip or veffel as aforefaid, and the date of his being fo turned over, difcharged unferviceable, or fent fick, from the fame ; and, if turned over, the name of the {hip or veffel to which he fhall be fo turned over, and if difcharged unferviceable as aforefaid, the name of the fhip or veffel into which he may be invalided to return home, together with the name of the place where he finall be fo difcharged j and if fent fick, the name of the holpital or fick quarters to which he fhall be fo fent; and each of the faid pa.rts of fuch ticket fhall alfo deferibe the number at which fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, flood upon the books of the fhip or veffel from which he fhall be turned over, difcharged, or fent fick, and alfo the particulars of all the flops and other deductions which were charged againfl fiis wages in the faid fhip or veffel, and the amount of the fame fhall be wrote or printed in words at length ; and if th<$ faid petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioped officer

Q	.	gf

Hosted by

Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33/	495

of marines, or marine, fhall be fent fick, as aforefaid, to any hof-pital or Tick quarters, either at home or abroad, one part of fuch ticket fhall alfo fpecify the different effects or neceflaries which fhall be fent with him, and fhall defcribe the diforder or infirmity for which he fhall be fo fent, and fhall be addrefled to the com-miffioners appointed to take care of fick and wounded feamen, or their agent, at fuch hofpital or fick quarters, and the form of fuch remove ticket, unferviceable ticket, or fick ticket, as the cafe may be, fhall be as follows, or to the like effect:

Sick

Hosted by Google

49& Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33. [1792.'

f Sick ticket, unferviceable ticket, or

.foreign remove ticket.

N°on the Ship's Book.

c )

{Not faleable or transferable.]

N° on the Entry Book.

c )

Ad of Parliament Geo. Ill, Cap. 33.

feaman, aged "	years,	feet,

inches high, of a	complexion, entered on

board his Majefty’s	on	the	day

of	one	thoufand	feven	hundred and	and

ferved until this	day	of	one	thoufand

feven hundred and	in	the	quality of

at which time he was	to

Abatements to be made For marine neceffaries---------

Venereals ■ Negled ■

Cloaths in lick quarters ■ Navy flop cloaths-

Dead men's cl oaths-Beds----------------

Tobacco

Wages remitted from abroad-Two months advance-----------

p

Amounting to

pence

pounds

fhillings and

Given under our hands, Captain Purfer

Matter

Boatfwain

If the perfon in whofe favour this ticket is made out fhall be fent lick to any hofpital, or Tick quarters, at home or abroad, and fhall afterwards return to his fhip, he fhall leave this ticket with the agent of fuch holpital or Tick quarters.

If he fhall be fent from fuch hofpital or Tick quarters to ferve in any other fhip, he fhall carry this ticket with him, which fhall not be payable until the fhip on board of which he goes fhall come in courfe of payment, or until he fhall be difcharged therefrom.

If he fhall be removed from one fhip to another abroad, he fhall deliver it, when he arrives in England, to the commiffioners of the navy in London, or to the commiflioner of the navy redding at Portfmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, who will caufe payment to be made as foon as may be, at whichever of thefe places it fhall be delivered.

If he fhall be in any way difcharged unferviceablc, he may receive payment in the fame manner at any of thole places; or if, being fo difcharged unfervieeable, he fhall be or arrive at any other port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, and fhall be defirous to receive payment at fuch place* of this or any other ticket which he may have, he fhall apply to the neareft collector of the euftoms or excife, or receiver of the land tax, or clerk of the check, and {hall deliver to him fuch tickets, together with a certificate of his having received no wages for his fervices'during his paffage, if he fhall have come home in a packet or merchantman ; and the laid collector of the euftoms, or whichever of the above revenue officers he ihall apply to, fhall tranfmit the fame to the commiffioners of the navy in London, who will forward a bill for the amount of the wages, to be immediately paid to the perfon entitled to them; and the laid revenue officer fhall alfo tranfmit fuch perfon's addrefs, who mu ft be indentified to him by the matter of the faid packet or merchantman, or by feme other perfon of good repute.

N. B. The perfonating or falfely affuming the name and character of any petty officer, feaman, or marine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive any pay or wages due, or fuppofed to be due, is made felony without benefit of clergy, by adt 32. Geo. III. And if the perfon in whofe favour this ticket is made out,, fhall die before he receives payment, it is to be returned, together with any Qther^idv^^ij^may have in his pofieffion, to the commiffiontrs of the navy, London*

:79^*1 Anno regni tricefmio fecundo GeorgiiJIL c. 33,	497

Sick ticket,

unferviceable ticket, or

foreign remove ticket, [Not faleable or transferable,]

N°on the Shipps Book.

( )

feaman, aged	years,	feet,

inches high, of a	complexion,	entered	on

board his Majefty’s	on	the	day

of	one	thoufand	feven	hundred and	and

ferved until this	day	of	_	one	thoufand

feven hundred and	in the quality of

at which time he was	to

N° on the Entry Book.

C	)

Adt of Parliament 3% Geo. III. Cap. 33.

Abatements to be made

For marine necefiaries—----------£•

Venereals ----------. ------—----

Negledt--------------------------

Cloaths in lick quarters —-----—

, Navy flop cloaths--------------1

Dead men’s cloaths----------- ——|

Beds ------———------------«------

Tobacco ---------—---------------

Wages remitted from abroad-------

Two months advance---------------

Amounting to	pounds	fhillings	and

pence

Given under our hands,

Captain	, Mailer

Purfer	Boatfvvain

•

If the party fliall be difcharged unferviceable, be turned over to any other fliip in the fervice of his Majefty, or be fent lick, and do not return to his fliip, the captain or commanding officer is to fend this duplicate to the commiffioners of the navy, London, by the firlt fafe opportunity thereafter.

Or any captain or commanding officer, who fliall have this duplicate in his pofief-fion, upon his arrival in England is immediately to forward it to the commiffiqners of the navy, London*

11

Hosted by Google

498 Anne regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33. [1792.1

SICK TICKET.

To the commiffioners appointed to take care of fick and 1 wounded feamen, or their agent, at	j

WHEREAS we have fent on Ihore the perfon mentioned in the within ticket, being aifii&ed with	we	de-

fire, that care may be taken to promote his cure, and to provide him quarters, according to the methods of the navy.

He has taken the following neceflaries on fliore with him:

Sugeon.

H O S P I T-A L DISCHARGE. ,

T HESE are to certify, That the within mentioned

was fent to this place upon the	day	of

179 for the cure of	and	being

cured, was difeharged hence this	day	of

179 to go forthwith to

He has received in cloaths to the value of «*	£*

And in condudl money

Amounting to	pounds	fhillings

and	pence,

Witnefs my hand,

Appointed to take care of fick and hurt feamen.

An^

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33.	499

And the captain or commander of fuch (hip or vefiel fhall fign Captains to both parts of fuch ticket, and caufe the fame to be figned by the	tic^*

proper figning officers of the fhip, and he fliall cut them afunder w * c* indentwife, through the oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, and fliall deliver orte part of the fame to the petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, who fhall be turned over, difcharged, or lent Tick in manner aforefaid; and if fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, having been fent fick to any foreign hofpital, or fick quarters, (hall not return to his fhip, or having been fent to any hofpital or fick quarters in Great Britain, fhall not return to his (hip within thirty days from the time of his having been fo fent; or if fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall have been difcharged unferviceable, or removed from one fhip to another abroad, the faid captain or commander fhall tranfmit the other part by the firft fafe opportunity thereafter, without any.negleft or delay whatfoever, to the commiffioners of the navy at their board, for the ufe of fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines or marine ; who are hereby directed and required, as foon as they fhall Navy board receive fuch part, to caufe the fame to be forthwith examined, and the day upon which it fhall be received to be indorfed there- mitted tobe on; and when any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned examined,&c. officer of marines, or marine, who fhall be fo fent to any of his Majefty’s hofpitals or fick quarters, fhall be difcharged therefrom, the.agentof fuch hofpital or fick quarters is hereby required Aeentsofhof-and direfted to make out a certificate of fuch difcharge, by filling pitalfve^ceVtifi up the blanks, as the truth may be, of the form fubjoined to die fick ticket, which fhall have been delivered, as aforefaid, to the difcharge faid petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, therefrom of or marine, and which he fhall fign and deliver to him; and when officeis, any fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall be fo difcharged from any of his Ma-jefly’s hofpitals, or fick quarters abroad, and fhall arrive in any port of Great Britain, in any packet, or trading fhip or vefiel, and fhall not have received any wages, pay, or other confide-ration, for any fervice performed by him while on board the fame, the commander of luch fhip or vefiel is hereby directed and re- Commanders quired to grant a certificate thereof, which fhall alfo exprefs and of veflels fet forth the dates of the entry of fuch petty officer or feaman, petty'officers! non-commiffioned offecer of marines, or marine, on board of his difcharged fhip or vefiel, and difcharge therefrom: and if any fuch com- from hofpitals mander fhall refufe or delay to grant fuch certificate, upon appli- abroad, to^ cation to him for the fame from fuch petty officer or feaman, J^tes" of their ^non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, he fliall forfeit having paid and pay the firm of fifty pounds, to be recovered in any of his them no wa-Majefly’s courts of record at Wtfhninfter, by action of debt* bill, Scsf°t their . plaint, or information, one half thereof to be applied to fuch petty thd^p^fTige ^* officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or ma- home, onpe-rine, and the other half thereof to the perfoa who fhall fue for the nalty of 5 A. fame.

. -Vol. XXXVII.	II	VIII. And

Hosted by Google

500 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33. [1792.

VIII.	And whereas, by the above-mentioned aft, pajfed in the thirty frjl year of the reign of his late Majejly, the fum of fixpence per diem was thereby directed to be allowed and paid to Britifh govern nors, minifers, con fids, and merchants, refiding in foreign parts, for the fubfiflence of allfeafaring men and boys, fubj efts of Great Britain, that Jhould be flnpwrecked, captured, or by other unavoidable accidents be driven or caft away, or that Jhould be difeharged unferviceable from any fdps or vejfels of the royal navy \ and the like fum of ftxpence per diem was direft ed to be paid- and allovjed to every mafler or p erf on having charge of a Jhip or vejfel taking on board fuch Jeafaring man, d r>er diem- tn t^7e manner in. the Jaid aft mentioned; be it hereby enabled, That, to be allowed from and after the fir ft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred in cafes where and ninety-two, the fum of nine-pence per diem fhall be allowed r^ded^^d" 1 an<^ Pai<* *n ^eac^	aforefaid fum of fixpence ; which faid

lowed by * ~ **um nine-pence per diem fhall be paid in the fame manner, and 3iGeo.2.c.io. under the fame regulations and reftriblions, as are directed by the aforefaid a& refpebling the fum of fixpence per diem thereby allowed, any thing to the contrary in any former abl contained not-withftanding.

boar Uo^af	And	^ further enabled, That as foon as any petty offi-

fwn for pay- cer or feamarh non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, rnent tickets who fhall have been in any way difeharged abroad, as aforefaid, ptefented or fhall prefent that part of the ticket or tickets which fhall have t0 ^een ^e^verec* to ^tn as herein-before direbled, together with a c* certificate of difcharge in cafe he fhall have been fent Tick to any hofpital or Tick quarters, and a ticket or certificate from the commander of any packet or trading fhip or vefTel, if he fhall have fo arrived in any port in Great Britain, to the commiffioners of the navy, at their board, they fhall examine, or caufe the fame to be examined, by the mufter books, or other returns for the time, if received; and, upon being duly fatisfied that the perfon fo presenting the fame is the petty officer orfeaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whofe account the fame was made out, they, or any three of them, fhall immediately aftign for payment that part of fuch ticket or tickets which fhall have been fo prefented to them by fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, or that part of the fame which fhall have been tranfmitted to them by any captain or commanding officer in his Majefty’s fervjce, if fuch part fhall have come to their hands, or either of fuch parts; and the part fo affigned fhall include the time that fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whofe account the fame fhall have been 1b made out, fhall have been in any of his Majefty’s foreign hofpitals or fick quarters, in cafe he fhall have been in any fuch hofpital or fick quarters, and of which he fhall have produced certificates, as herein-before direbled, from . the agent of fuch hofpital or fick quarters, and a-lfo the time which fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall have been in any packet, or trading fhip or veflcl, on his paflage home, if he fliall have fo come home, and of which tee fhall have produced certificates, as herein before direbled, fron>

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33.	501

the commander of fuch packet, or trading fhip or veflel ; and the faid commiflioners having fo affigned and otherwife completed filch ticket, they (hall immediately deliver, or caufe the fame to be delivered to the petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whofe account the fame fhali have been made out; who (hall be entitled to receive payment Petty officers, thereon, and to remit what part thereof he may think proper, &c. entitled to with the fame powers, privileges, and reftridlions as if the laid wages were due at the general payment of any fhip, provided he e{-Sj" fhali actually belong, at that time, to his Majefty’s fervice, or fhali have been duly and regularly difcharged therefrom ; and in Commiffion-cafe any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of ma- ers ot the navy rines, or marine, belonging to his Majefty’s navy, or who (hall ^amme°tick-have been duly and regularly difcharged therefrom, fhali be at ets, and tranf-any port in Great Britain where any commiffioner of the navy mit them to may be and refide, and be defirous to receive his wages or pay at the navy fuch port, which (hall be due upon any ticket or tickets, certifi- a^to’affi-sn cate or certificates, which maybe in his poflefllon, and made out them for pay--as herein-before directed, .he fhali prefent the fame to fuch com- mcnt, &c. miffioner, Vvho fhali examine the fame, and the perfon fo prefent-ing them ; and being fatisfied that fuch tickets or certificates were made out for and on account of the faid perfon, he fhali immediately tranfmit them to the commiflioners of the navy at their board, who fhali caufe the day upon which they fhali receive the fame to be indorfed thereon, and fhali examine, or caufe them to be examined, by the mufter books, or other returns for the time, if received; and they, or any three of them, fhali affign for payment that part of fuch ticket or tickets which fhali have been fo tranfmitted to them, or that part of the fame which {hall have been tranfmitted to them by any captain or commanding officer in his Majefty’s fervice, if fuch part fhali have come to their hands, or either of fuch parts; and the part fo affigned fhali include the time that fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiflion-ed officer of marines, or marine, upon whofe account the fame fhali have been fo made out, fhali have been in any of his Majeflys foreign hofpitals, or fick quarters, in cafe he fhali have been in any fuch hofpital or fick quarters, and of which he (hall have produced certificates as herein-before diredled, from the agent of fuch foreign hofpital or fick quarters, and alfo the time which fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine., fhali have been in any packet or trading fhip or veffiel cn his paffage home, if he fhali have fo come home, and of which he fhali have produced certificates, as herein-before directed, from the commander of fuch packet, or trading fhip dr veflel; and the Tickets, fo faid commiflioners having fo affigned, or otherwife completed fuch	tothe

ticket, they fhali immediately return, or caufe the fame to be re- pp,-t tor p;vy-turned to the commiffioner at fuch port who fhali have tranf- m in knitted the fame to them; and the faid commiffioner, upon receiving fuch ticket, fhali immediately deliver, or caufe the fame to be delivered, to the petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whofe account it fhali have

h 1 2	been

Hosted by GoOglC

& c» tent t her which, when %ned as herein directed, {hall he their vouchers.

Anno regni triceftmo fecundoGfcoRGli III. c. 33. [1792.

been made out; and fhail direbb payment to be made thereon without delay, and {hall allow the faid powers and privileges of remittance as aforefaid.

Agents of hof-	X. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That,

^ben and fo often as any petty officers or feamen, non-commif-

OUt lifts OI the r ,	~	r	. J V J	.	nn.r	r '

petty officers, honed officers	of	marines, or	marines,	lhall be lent	lick: to any

hofpital or fick quarters at home or abroad, from any {hip or

veftel in his Majefty’s fervice, the agent of fuch hofpital or fick

quarters {hail make out or caufe to be made out from the refpec-

tive ficlc tickets of fuch petty officers and feamen, non-commif-

fioned officers of marines, and marines, a lift containing their

names, and the numbers at which they refpeblively flood upon

the books of the {hip or Veflei from which they {hall have been

lent; and the officer of fuch fhip or veflei who dial 1 have attended

them on fhore {hall examine luch lift, and’finding the fame to be

juft and true, {hall date and fign the fame, and deliver it to the

agent, who (hall take the firft opportunity thereafter to procure

to the fame the fignature of the captain or commander of fuch

Ihip or vellel, and which lift (hall remain with him, and be to

him a fufficient voucher for having received fuch petty officers

and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, or marines,

into fuch hofpital or lick quarters, in lieu and inftead of the fick.

ticket direbled to be made out, fent, and delivered by the afore-

faid acI of the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late Majefty.

XL And be it further enabled, That when and fo often as any

IVtty officers,

vVo. return

to their Ihips from hofpitals to leave their fick tickets v.itn the agents, ScCo

rnmg petty officer or Teaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or

hut

marine, lhall be fent fick to any hofpital or fick quarters at home or abroad, and (hall afterwards be difeharged therefrom to return to the {hip from which he (hall have fo been fent, he fhail leave his Tick ticket in the hands of the agent of fuch hofpital or fick quarters, who {hall tranfmit the fame to the commiffioners of the .it if they are navy, with their monthly or quarterly returns; but if fuch petty cnchrirged as 0fftcer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine., {hall be difeharged unferviceable from fuch hofpital or fick quar-any other Ihip, ters, or be diftharged therefrom to ferve in any other ftiip or' to keep them, veflei, he {hall keep and preferve fuch ticket for payment: pro-vided always,- that if fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, ftiall be fo difeharged to ferve in any other {hip or vellel, fuch ticket {hall not be payable until the ftiip on board of which he fhail go from fuch hofpital or fick quarters ftiall come in courfe of payment, or until he {hall be in any way difeharged therefrom.

XIL And be it further enabled, That any fuch petty officer or feaman, non-ccmmiffioned officer of marines, or marine, who ftiall be fo fent fick from any {hip or veftel into any of his Ma-tain to be a!- jefty’s hofpitals or fick quarters in Great Britain, fhail not be lowed cnly allowed wages or pay for more than thirty days of the time which yo days pay he (hall remain in fuch hofpital or Tick quarters, mai^tliere1C* XIH. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Xav board to	^len anc* {*° often as any petty officer or feaman, non-

make out fick- commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, being abfent from •	his

Petty officers, fent to hofpitals, Sec. an Great Bri-

Hosted by Google

1792*] Annoregni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33.	503

his fhip upon any detached fervice or employment, Thall be left ets for petty behind when the fhip or vefiel to which he belongs fhall proceed ^ft°bthi to Tea or foreign fervice, then, and in every fuch cafe, the com- fervice, miffioners of his Majefty’s navy fhall, upon application from the Pups proceed captain of the (hip on board of which he fhall be ordered to ferve, to lea, &c. make out, or caufe to be made out, from the monthly muil:er books of fuch (hip or vefiel, as foon a$ the fame fhall be received for the time, a ticket for every fuch petty officer or feaman, non-epmmiffioned officer of marines, or marine, as fhall be fo left behind, which ticket they fhall check and examine, and on fuch application fliall affign and deliver the fame to the faid petty officer or feaman, non: commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, but which fhall not be paid or payable until the fhip or veil'd into which he fhall be fent fhasU come in courfe of payment, or until he fhall be regularly difeharged therefrom.

XIV. And be it further enadled, That if any petty officer or Petty officers, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall &c difeharg-have been duly difeharged, as difabled or unserviceable, from his vf.^f^^Trorn fhip, or be difeharged as difabled or unferviceable from any of his hofpitals, be-Majefty’s hofpitals or ffek quarters, at home or abroad, and fhall ing at ports arrive or be at any port in Great Britain where no commiffioner where no of the navy fhall be or refide, and fhall at fuch port, or at any the'na^'^re-other place in Great Britain, be defirous to receive payment of ftdes^and^ * any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, which fhall have wifhing to re-been made out on his account as herein-before directed, and for ceive payment any time when fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commifiioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall have been upon his pafFage collectors of home, after having been difeharged from fuch fhip, or from fuch the cuftoms, hofpital or Tick quarters, he fhall apply to the collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or receiver-general of the land tax, or clerk of the check, who may be at or neareft to fuch port or other place in Great Britain, and fhall prefent'and deliver to him fuch ticket or tickets, together with the certificate of his having been duly difeharged from fuch fhip, or fuch hofpital or fick quarters, as the cafe maybe, and likewife (if he has received no wages or other confideration for his fervices in any packet or trading fhip or vefiel on board of which he may have arrived in Great BritainJ, a certificate thereof from the mailer or commander of fuch packet or trading fhip or vefiel; and fuch collcc- Collector*, tor of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, receiver general of the on fuch land tax, or clerk of the check, in Great Britain, to whom he	*°

may apply refpe£tively, is hereby required and directed to receive identity of the fuch tickets and certificates, and to require a certificate from the p-irty, and mailer of the packet or vefiel in which fuch feaman fhall have tranfmit tick-corn e home, if he fhall have fo come home, or from fome re- ets’	to the

putable inhabitant of fuch place, that he knows the perfon apply-	'Qal *

ing to him as aforefaid, or believes fuch perfon to be the party entitled to hold the tickets or certificates which he fliall have fo prefented, and whofe addrefs they fhall alfo fpecify; and the faid colle£lor of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, receiver general of the tax, or clerk of the check, as the cafe may be, being

L 1 3	fatisned	-

Hosted by Google

5° 4

Annoregni tricefimo fecundoGEOiiGii III. c. 33. [17.92,

fatisfied in every refpefi: with regard to the identity of fuch petty officer or Teaman, non-commifiioned officer of marines, or rine, {hall grant an acknowledgement or receipt to him for fuch tickets and certificates as he mall fo deliver, and fhall immediately tranfmit the fame, together with the certificate, and party’s, addrefs, taken by him as before directed, addrefled to the com-miffioners of his Majefty’s navy, at their board in London, who fhall caufe the day upon which they fhall receive the fame to be be examined - i^dorfed thereon, and they fhall immediately caufe fuch ticket or andremittance tickets, and certificate or certificates to be examined by the muf- * bills made out ter books, if received, and fhall make or caufe to be made out, for the time, within three days, a remittance bill for the net balance due upon fuch tickets and fuch certificates, or upon the -{hip’s, books for which fuch ticket or tickets fhaj^ have been made out, in cafe the fhip or fhips fhall have been paid for the time, and which remittance bills they are hereby directed and required to make out, affign, atteft, forward, and tranfmit, in the manner herein-before directed in cafes of foreign remittances, apd which remittance bill for payment fhall be made payable only to fuch petty officer or Teaman, non-commifiioned officer of marines, or marine, to whom fuch wages fhall be ciue; and fuch remittance bills fhall be made out in the form herein-before direfied, in cafes of parties defiring their wages to be remitted from abroad, or to the like

c&a.

Tickets fo tranfmitted,to

&c.

XV.	Provided always, and be it.further enacted and declared Other tickets by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe both parts of any fuch remay be made m0ve ticket, herein-before directed to be granted and delivered to on ao°fica?ion Petty°^cer or Hainan, non-commiifioned officer of marines, to the navy'of- or marine, and to be transmitted to the commiffioners of the navy See, &C. as aforefaid, or that part of fuch ticket which fhall contain the certificate of difeharge herein-before directed to be granted by the agents of his Majefty’s hofpitals or Tick quarters, fhall happen to be loft or deftroyed before the fhip or veflel lhall be paid for " the time for which fuch ticket fhall have been made out, then, and in any fuch cafe, another ticket or other tickets, or another cei tificate or other certificates, fhall, upon application to the commiffioners of the navy, (upon their being fatisfied of the identity of the party), be immediately made out from the mufter books and hofpital returns reflectively if received, and which other ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, fhall be to fuch petty officer or Teaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, in every refpe.fi: the lame as the ticket or tickets, and certificate or certifi-Such tickets cates, which were fo loft or deftroyed; and provided alfo, that to be cancel- jn cafe any petty officer or Teaman, non-commiffioned officer of f-nte^betore' mar^nes? or marine, to whom fuch ticket or tickets, and certifi-the lhip be	cate 0i* certificates, fhall have been made out, fhall not appear in

paid, kc,	perfon and pre Tent the fame, in order to obtain payment as afore-

faid, before the fhip or veffel fhall be paid for the time for which fuch ticket or tickets fhall have been made out, then, and in every fuch cafe, the pay or wages due to fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for fuch

time,

Hosted by Google

■j792 J Anno regni tricefrmo fecundo Geokgii IIL c. 33.	S°5

time, (hall not be payable' by virtue of fuch ticket or tickets, or upon any part thereof, but the commiffioners of the navy fhall caufe the lame to be cancelled; and all fuch wages or pay fhall accrue or become payable to fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, his attorney or at-tornies, executors or ad mini (Ira tors, demanding the fame, and duly authorifed to receive the fame, as if fuch ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, had never been made out, granted, or fent; any thing herein-contained to the contrary notwithftanding: and provided alfo, That in cafe any petty officer or feaman, non-com- Executors to miffioned officer of marines, or marine, to whom fuch ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates (hall have been made out, (hall the pavty^h ill die before he (hall have received payment thereof, and before t;he (hip have died be • or vefiel (hall be paid, for which fuch ticket or tickets (hall have fore receiving been made out, then, and in every fuch cafe, the pay or wages due on	tg

fuch ticket (hall become payable upon the fame, or on the dupli- ucl* 1C e 8# cate thereof, to the executors or adminiftrators of fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, demanding the fame, and duly authorifed to receive the fame; and the agent of the hofpital or fick quarters, or the mailer or Agents of ♦-commander of the (hip or vefiel in which fuch officer, feaman, or hofpitab, See. marine (hall be at the time of his death, or the perfon or perfon s	'*

into whole pofieffion or cuftody the faid ticket^or tickets may perfons fQ come and devolve, are hereby ftri<5tly required and enjoined irn- dying, to the mediately to forward the fame to the commiffioners of the navy, navX board, at their board, London.

XVI.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That as foon On produc-as the duplicate of any remittance bill or bills, made out in fa- l^iTatcTf vour of, or granted in the manner herein-before diredfed to, any remittance * petty officer, feaman, non commiffioned officer cf marines, or bill to any marine, (hall be produced and delivered to any receiver general of receiver gene-the land tax, coiledlor of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check in Great Britain refpedtively, within fix ealen- ^ within 6 dar months from the date thereof, he is hereby required and en- months from joined to examine fuch duplicate, and enquire into the truth there- the elate, he of, by the oath of the perfon producing the fame, which oath he -Jjto tlfe Truth is hereby authorifed and directed to adminifter, and upon being Up0n1U duly fatisfied to teftify the fame on the back of fuch bill, and fhall oath, and pay immediately pay to the perfon to whom fuch bill (hall be made the fame with* payable, and who (hall be entitled to receive the fame, without Tnot^ nfUt fee or reward on any pretence whatfoever, the fum contained in dneed^within fuch bill, taking his receipt for the fame on the back thereof; 6 months, it which bill fo paid, upon being produced and delivered, together (hallbereturn-with the duplicate thereof, at the navy office, (hall be immedi- Seafarer of fitely affigned for payment by three or more commiffioned of the t^e nav^ navy, and (hall be immediately repaid by the treafurer of the navy ■ ' to fuch receiver general of the land tax, colle&or of the cuftoms, colle&or of the excife, clerk of the check, or to the order of any of them refpedively who (hall have paid fuch bilj ; but in cafe the duplicate of fuch bill fhall not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof be demanded^ within fix calendar months from

L 1 4	^

Hosted by Google

If receiver general, Sic. ihall not have money in hand when

506 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33* [1792.’

the date thereof, then the faid receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, colleCfor of the excife, or clerk of the check, {hall return fuch bill to the treafurer of the navy, who fhali caufe fuch bill to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof the fum fo contained in fuch bill {hall accrue and become payable to fuch inferior officer or feaman, non-epmmiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for whole wages pr pay it was made out, or to his lawful attorney or attornies, or to his reprefentatives, in cafe he fh.aH be dead, in the fame manner as if fuch bill had never been iffued.

XVII* Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCtecJ by the authority aforefaid, That if any receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, to whom the duplicate of any of the bills herein-tended 811^ before dile<5tei] to be made out and addrelfed, fhall be tendered {hall appoint a f°r payment, fhall not then have in his hands publick money day for pay- fufficient to anfwer the fame, and fhall for that reafon refufe or ment within a delay the immediate payment thereof, fuch receiver general, col-month, Sic, Jedlor of the cuftoms, colleclor of the excife, or clerk of the check, fhall immediately indorfe on the back of the faid duplicate the day of its being fo tendered to him, and the caufe of his re^ fufal or delay to pay the fame, and fhall appoint thereon for the payment of fuch bill fome future day, within the fpace of one month at the far,theft from the day cf its having been firft tendered to him as aforefaid; and fuch duplicate, with the indorfe-A ment thereon, fhall immediately be delivered hack to the perfon Penalty on prefenting the fame; and if upon complaint to be made to the refpe&ive commiffioners appointed by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, to manage the faid feveral duties of the land tax, cuftoms, or excife, or to the commiffioners of the navy if the perfon complained of be a clerk of the check, it fhall appear that fuch receiver general, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, hath unneceffarily and wilfully re-fufed or delayed the payment of fuch bill, or that fuch receiver general, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, or any perfon employed by or under any of them, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any fee, reward, gratuity, difeount, or deduction whatfoever, on account of the payment of the faid bill, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the faid commiffioners to convict and fine any .inch offender under their rcfpeCtive direction in any fum not ex-. ceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and decree of the offence; and fuch fine {hall be levied and recovered in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty or fine maybe levied or recovered for any offence againft any law by which any cuftom or excife is impofed or laid; and the faid fine, when recovered, fhall be paid to the informer or informers againft fuch offender or offenders.

P.iymen^of XV1IL Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCled by *rot to^bJpuit- au^hority aforefaid, That in cafe the duplicate or duplicates

of

receiver gene* ral delaying payment, or taking fees, &c.

Hosted by Google

*792 ] Anno regni triceftmo fecundo Georgii III. c. 33.	507

of any ticket or tickets, or in cafe the mufter books or pay boo-ks, poned,though for any fhip or veflel, {hall not be regularly tranfmitted to and boohs'mavnot received by the commiffioners of the navy in the manner hereto- regularly fore prescribed, yet the payment of the tickets or parts of tickets, tranfmitted to or lifts herein-before directed to be made out'or granted to any the navy office, petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, {hall not be delayed or poftponed for fuch omiffion; but if Errors in any error to the detriment of the publick treafure fhall be made J^ets ooj byin any fuch ticket or lift by the captain or commanding officer tj,e perfons ^ iftuingor making out the fame, the Iofs arifing by fuch error fhall grantingthem. be made good and compenfated out of any wages or pay due or to grow due to fuch captain or commanding officer by whom fuch ticket or lift was fo made out or granted as aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every fuch ticket Tickets, bills and tickets, bill and bills, duplicate and duplicates, refpe£Uvely, ^be vouchers herein-before directed to be made out and paid as aforefaid, fhall to the trea_ be deemed and taken as good and fufficient vouchers for thetrea- furer of the furer of the navy for fo much money as fhall have been fo di- navy. re£ted to be paid upon all or any fuch ticket, bill, or duplicate, refpe&ively, and as fhall have been paid by him thereon, and fhall

be allowed as fuch in palling his accounts.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven pay to be paid hundred and ninety-two, when and fo often as any wages, pay, to the party or Gather allowance of money, fhall become due and be payable ®r.to hjs for the fervice of any commiffioned or warrant officer in his Ma- * * jefty’s navy, the fame (hall be paid to fuch commiffioned or warrant officer himfelf, if prcfent at the pay table when fuch wages or allowance of money is appointed to be paid, upon his producing the ufual certificates and papers, or in cafe of his abfence, the fame fhall be paid to his lawful attorney, fuch attorney producing the ufual certificates and papers, unlcfs in the cafe where unlefsanaf-fuch commiffioned or warrant officer fhall have granted an affign- ^erTof be ment or bill of fale of fuch wages, pay, or allowance of money, and produced at that fuch alignment or bill of fale fhall, at the time of paying fuch the time of wages, pay, or allowance of money, be produced at the pay table, payment, Szc. and payment claimed thereon, in which cafe, payment fhall be theTxlhal'cer^ made to the perfon claiming under fuch affignment or bill of fale tificates aud (he or fhe producing the ufual certificates and papers;) and in vouchers, cafe of more alignments or bills of fale than one, they fhall be fatisfied and paid according to the priority of their dates; but the treafurer of the navy for the time being, or the perfon appointed to pay fuch wages, pay, or allowance of money, fhall not be bound or obliged to pay, regard, or take notice of any affignment or bill of fale, unlefs fuch affignment or bill of fale fhall be prefen ted at the pay table, and be accompanied by the ufual certificates and papers, at the time when fuch wages, pay, or al- Treafurer not lowance of money, is appointed to be paid; and the faid trea- liable to pay furer of the navy fhall not pay, or be liable to pay, under or by under any af-■ Virtue of any affignment or bill of fale which ilid.ll fell, affign, or figment* convey'any certain annual, half-yearly, quarterly, or monthly al-

lowance, fixed turn.

Hosted by

Google

lowance, or any particular wages, pay, pr allowance of money, for any fervice whatever, but only under fuch alignments or bills of fale as fhall be made for a certain fixed fum fpecified in fuch alignment or bill of fale, and for the fatisfaftion of which lurh fo fpecified, all wages, pay, or other allowances, payable to luch officer by the treasurer of the navy, fhall be fubjeCl and liable.

XXI. And be it further enabled and declared by. the authority aforcfaid, That the treafurer of the navy for the time being fhall not be bound or obliged to pay, regard, or to take notice of any cr^'&c'/uiTlefs Powcr oir attorney, or check of any power of attorney, unlefs fuch produced when the wages are paying.

Treafurer not bound to regard any pow-

ges of apprentices, except in the cafe$ herein fpe cilfed.

power or fuch check be actually produced at the time when the wages, pay, or other allowance of money claimed by virtue thereof is appointed to be paid; and in cafe two or more powers of attorney, or two or more checks of powers of attorney fhall be produced at the fame time, payment fhall be made upon or under the authority of that which is the lateft in date, and accompanied Matters to re- with the ufual certificates and papers: provided further, That this ceive the wa- a&, or any thing herein or in any former a£l contained, fhall not extend or be conflrued to invalidate or make void any indenture or indentures, whereby any mafler is or fhall be entitled to have or receive the wages, pay, or other allowances of money earned by his apprentice, but fuch Wages, pay, and other allowances, fhall be paid by the treafurer of the navy for the time being, or by his direction, according to fuch indenture or indentures, as has been ulual in fuch cafes, unlefs fuch apprentice fhall be above the age of eighteen years at the time when fuch indenture or indentures were made and exe~ cuted for unlefs fuch indenture or indentures fhall not be produced at the pay table when fuch wages, pay, and other allowances of mo-? ney, fhall be demanded by fuch apprentice, or perfons appearing to be by him legally authorifed to receive the fame, in which cafe fuch wages, pay, or other allowances of money of fuch apprentice, fhall be due and payable to himfelf, or to fuch perfon appearing to be legally authorifed by him to receive the fame; or unlefs fuch apprentice fhall have been hired and rated as a fervant to any com-r miflioned or warrant officer belonging to any of the fhips or veffels of his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, and fuch apprenticeship not being then known by the indenture having been produced to fuch officer, and proof of fuch production exhibited to the treafurer of the navy, or perfons duly authorifed to pay for him, in which cafe the wages, pay, or other allowances of money of fuch fervant, fhall be due and payable to fuch commiffioned or warrant officer^ according to the ufual practice of the navy, down to the time that fuch officer fhall be informed in the manner afprefaid of fuch apprenticefhip; and in each and any of the cafes herein-before mentioned the maSer cf fuch apprentice fhall not be entitled tQ receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, by virtue of any fuch indenture; any thing herein-contained, or any law^ Satute, pr ufage, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-* flanding.

XXJI, Andy to prevent for the futurea <w far $s may he, any

unjiff

Hosted by Google

I792*] Anno regni tricefimo fecundoGEORGii III. c, 33.	509

unjuf or fraudulent arrejls upon petty officers or feamen, non-com-miffioned officers of marines, or marines, actually belonging to any of the Jhips of bis Majejly, his heirs or fucceffors, be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the laid firft No petty offi-day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two> no ^r,r^efgia^ perfon whatsoever, who fliall ferve as a petty officer or lea man, or forPa°criminal be embarked as a non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, matter,or tor a on board any of the {hips or veffels of his Majefty, his heirs or debt contrad-fucceffors, fhall be liable to4)e taken out of the fervice of his Ma-jelly, his heirs or fucceffors, by any procefs or execution whatfo- any ^ ot-ever, either in Great Britain, Ireland\ or any other part of his Ma- aol. at lead, jelly’s dominions, other than for fome criminal matter, unlefs fuch procefs or execution be fora real debt, which {hall have been contracted by fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, when he did not belong to any Ihip or veffel in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or other j u ft caufe of aftion, and unlefs before the taking out of fuch procefs or execution, not being for a criminal matter, or for a debt contractedin the fervice as aforefaid, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or fome other perfon or perfons on his or their behalf, {hall make affida- Oath of the yit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or debt to be other court out of which fuch procefs or execution {hall iffue, or befpre.fome perfonauthorifed to take affidavits in fuch courts, thatJ ® ’ to his or their knowledge the fum juftly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, from the defendant or defendants, in the action or caufe of aftion on which fuch procefs {hall iffue, or the debt or darpage and coft for which fuch execution {hall be iffued out, amounts to the value of twenty pounds at the leaft, and that fuch debtj.fo amounting to twenty pounds or upwards, was contracted by the faid defendant when he did not belong as aforefaid to any {hip in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, a memorandum of which oath fhall be marked on the back of fuch procefs or writ, for which memorandum or oath no fee fliall be taken; and if any perfon be neverthelefs arrefted, contrary to the Perfonsarreft-intent of this act, it fhall and maybe lawful for one or more	c^ItraV°

judge or judges of fuch court, upon complaint made thereof by	c

the party himfelf, or by any one of his fuperior officers, to exa- and to be inmine into the fame, by the oath of the parties, or otherwife, and titled to colts, by warrant under his or their hands and feals to difeharge fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, pr marine, fo arrefted contrary to the intent of this aft, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them that fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fo arrefted, was actually belonging to one qf the {hips or veffels of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, and arrefted contrary to the intent of this aft, and fuch judge or judges fliall ajfo award to the party fo complaining the colts of fuch complaint, to be taxed by the proper officer of fuch court, for the recovery whereof he fhall have the like remedy that the perfon who takes out the faid execution might have had lor his cofts, or the plaintiff in thp laid aftion might have had for the

e	re-

Hosted by Google

Perfons coun terfdting. tickets. &c. guilty of felony.

So much of 31 Geo. %. c. 10. as is not hereby repealed, to remain in force*

recovery of his cofts, in cafe judgement had been given for him with colls, againft the defendant in the faid adtion.

XXIII.	And be it further enadfed, That if any perfon, from and after the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall falfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly a6k and aftift in the falfe making, forging, or counterfeiting, any ticket for the wages or pay due to any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for his fervices on board any fhip or veffel of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or any duplicate of any fuch ticket, or any certificate of difeharge from any naval hofpital of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or any remittance bill, or duplicate of remittance bill^ with intention to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize money, due, or fuppofed to be due, for or on account of thefervice of any petty officer or feaman, non-commif-Jio.ned officer of marines, or marine, on board any fhip or veffel of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or fhall utter or publifli as true any ticket for the wages or pay due to any petty officer or teamen, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for his fervice on board any fhip or velfel of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or any duplicate of any fuch ticket, or any certificate of difeharge from any naval hofpital of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or any remittance bill, or duplicate of remittance bill, with intention to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize money, due, or fuppofed to be due, for or on account of the fervice of any petty officer or feaman, non-com-mi ffioned officer of marines, or marine, on board any fhip or veffel of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, then every fuch perfon fo offending, being lawfully convifted of any fuch offence or offences, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby exprefsly declared. That fo much of the aforefaid a£f, paffed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, as is not repealed by this a£I, fhall remain in full force and effect.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for explaining and arnending an a£l paffied in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a£I for the further preventing frauds and abufes attending the payment of wages, prize money, and other allowances, due for the fervice of petty officers and feamen on board any of his. Majefty’s fhips: and for further extend'mg the benefits thereof td petty officers and feamen, tion-commiffiioned officers of marines, and marines, ferving, or %vho may have fervedy on board any of his Majejtfs Jhips.

WHEREAS

Hosted by Google

*79^-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 34.'	511

WHEREAS	.puffed	in the twenty-fixth year of the Preamble.

reign of hi $ prefent Majefty, [intituled,. An adt for the 26Geo.3.c.6> farther preventing frauds and abufes attending the payment ofreclteci* wages, prize money, and othfer allowances due for the fervice of petty officers and feamen on board any of his Majefty’s Chips:) and whereas it is juf that the provijions of the faid' act floould be extended to marines Jerving on board fnips in his Majefty's fervice, and Would conduct much to the advantage of the reprefentatives of feamen and marines if the fame were further extended, and certain parts thereof explained and amended: be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual dnd temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no letter of attorney, or will, rftade or executed by From Auguft any non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, or letter 'of i> i792>no attorney made or executedby the executor or executors, or adnii- *etter ot at> niftrator or adminiftrators, of any fuch non-commiffioned of- W1p a ficer of marines, or marine, after the firfb day of Auguft one thou- non-commif-fand feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall be good and valid, and honed officer fufficient for receiving the whole or any part of the wages, prize ^ Marine3* money, or other allowances of money due, or which may here- to va]i(^ after become due, to fuch non-commiffioned officers of marines, uniefs made or marine, for their fervices in the navy, or to fuch adminiftra- according to tors or executors, as the reprefentatives of fuch non-commiffion- ^ r&^te<* ed officers of marines, or marine, uniefs fuch letter of attorney, y and will, fhall be made, executed, and attefted in the manner and form, and agreeable to the directions in the different events fpecified and mentioned in the afore-mentioned adt, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; and all letters of attorney, and will, fo made or executed by any non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for the purpofe of receiving and bequeathing all or any part of their wages, prize money, or other allowances due to them, or letters of attorney made by fuch executor and ad mini fixator, for the purpofe of receiving money due to him or them, as reprefentative of fuch non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall be tranfmitted, infpedted, checked, and proved in the fame manner, and under the fame penalties and forfeitures, as by the adl above-mentioned is diredted and enadted in regard and with refpedt to letters of attorney, and wills, made and executed by petty officers or feamen in his Majefty’s fervice, or by the executors and adminiftrators of fuch petty officers and feamen, in fo far as the aforementioned adl, palfed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, is not repealed, altered, or amended, by this prefent adt.

II. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no letter of attorney, or order, made or exe- Letters of cuted by any petty officer, fearnan, non-commiffioned officer of attorney^ marines, or marine, who fhall have been difeharged from the fer- fromdifcharg--vice of hi^ Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, and who (hail be at or ed petty of-

Hosted by Google

512 Anno regnt tricefimo ftcundo GeoRgii III. c. 34. [179i4

ecuted within within the diftance of feven miles from any of the ports where ^OTt^vheref ^eamell*s wages are paid for fuch fervice* at the time of making feamen’s fi*ch ^etter of attorney, {Kali be good and vafid and fufficient for* wages are receiving the whole or any part of the wages, prize money* or other then paid, not allowances of money due, or to grow due, to fuch petty officer, atteft’ed^^a *qaman> non-commiffioned officer of marines* or marine, for fuch clerk of the fervice, unlefs fuch letter of attorney, or fuch order, fhall be fign-treafurer of ed before and attefted by a clerk of the treafurer of the navy at the navy, &c. fuch "port, or by the infpedlor of feamen’s wills, and powers of attorney; any thing in the aforefaid a6t to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Captains to III. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from chared"0 tt^ anc^ a^ter t^ie hrft day °f Augujlom thoufand feven hundred and officers, &c. ninety-two, when and fo often as any petty officer, Teaman, non-a certificate commifiicned officer of marines, or marine, fhall be in anyways in the follow- difcharged from any (hip or veffel in the fervice of his Majefty, ing form. his heirs or fucceflors, the captain or commanding officer of fuch {hip or veffel fhall make, or caufe to be made out, a certificate in the manner and form following, or to the like efie61:

No

Form of cer-	THESE	are	to	certify, That A. B. has ferved as

lift cate.	on	hoard	of	bis	Majejlfs	Jhip'

under ?ny command, from the	day	of

to the ‘	day	of	dated	the

of %

A, B. is	feet	inches	high, is

of a	complexion*)	and	aged	years.

And which he lhall fign with his name, and deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to fuch petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, at the time of his being difcharged; ficer^&cf to anc^ no Petty °®cer> feaman, non-commiffioned officer of ma-be intitled to rines, or marine, (hall be entitled to receive his wages, pay, or receive his other allowances for fervices on board any {hip or veffel in the wages, unlefs fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, unlefs at the time identtfiecTb36 PaY*in& waSes> Pa}b or allowances, he {hall be identified an officer of hY one or more of the commiffioned or warrant officers who be-the ihip, or longed to the {hip or veffel at the time, or during fome part of the unlefs he pro* time, for which he may fo claim the payment for fuoh fervices, certificate^3 or un^e*s produces a certificate as above deferibed, and di-cHfdif-69 refted to be delivered to him as aforefaid; no petty officer, fea-charged from man, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, who fhall ene ihip into be difcharged from any {hip or veffel in the fervice of his Ma-ie%> ^t0 anY other &*P or veffel in fuch fervice, fhall be en-cnemy/oi*16 titled to receive his wages, pay, or allowances of any kind, for Ihipwrecked, his fervice on board of the (hip to which he fhall have laft belong-unlefs he com* ed, unlefs he fhall enter and be mufeered three times in the fhip plies with the or vejyej[ into which he {hall be fo difcharged, or appear upon the herdsmen* hooks of fuch fhip or veffel into which he next goes to be regu-tiojied, V jarly difcharged therefrom j or if fuch petty officer or feaman,

non-

1792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeorGII IIC c. 34.	513

non-cornrniffioned officer of marines, or marine, be taken by the enemy, uniefs he voluntarily return and enter on board fomc £hip or veffel in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors* in a reafonable time after he {hall be releafed from prifon ; or if the fhip. or veffel in which fuch petty officer or feaman, non-* commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, laft ferved be loft or deftroyed, and the crew, or any part of the crew, be faved, uniefs he enters again in a reafonable time on board fome fhip of veffel in fuch fervice; or if fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, be difcharged from the fhip or veffel to which he belonged, to any of his Majefty’s hofpitals, uniefs he enters the fhip or veffel to which he fhall be difcharged from fuch hofpital, or be difcharged out of the fervice.; or uniefs, in any of the above fpecified events, reafonable caufe fhall'be fkewn, and allowed by the commiffioner of the navy comptroliing fuch payment, and the clerk of the treafurer of the navv making the fame, for not producing fuch certificate, or for non-compliance with any thing herein directed.

IV.	And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no No petty of-petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or has^run marine, who fhall be marked on the books of any {hip or veffel from a

in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, as having run fhall receive therefrom, fhall receive his wages, pay, prize money, or other wages uniefs allowances of money for fuch fhip or veffel, uniefs fuch mark (hall be taken off by order of the commiiTioners fo rexecuting the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or by order of the com-miffioners of his Majefty’s navy.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That When fhips when and fo often as any fhip or veffel, having been twelve or havin£ been more calendar months in fea pay, fhall be or arrive in any port mwe months of Great Britain where any commiffioner of the navy fhall be or in pay, fhall refide, and money fhall have been iffued for payment of the wages arrive where due upon the books of fuch fhip or veffel, fufficient time fhall be Tff commif-allowed for fending to the navy office, preparing, and examin-

ing the books of the faid fhip or veffel; and the wages due to the and monev/ officers or feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, or ma- fhall be iffued rines, of or belonging to fuch fhip or veffel, for the time dur- ^01‘ Payiag ing*" which the faid books fhall have been examining and pre- forth® paring (which fhall be done without delay) fhall be referved time the and kept in arrear, over and above the fix months ordered to books are be left unpaid by an aft made in the thirty-firft year of the PrePann£ reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, e^over^h^* An a£l for the encouragement of feamen employed in the royal nervy,- months to and for eftablijbing a regular ?net})od for the punctual, frequent, and be left unpaid certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eafdy pursuant to and readily to remit the fame for the- fupport of their ivives cmd fa- ^ e0^ c,l** milies, and for preventing frauds and abufes attending fuch payments, any tiling therein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, No letter of That, .from and after the faid firft day of Augujl on? thoufand attorney to

•	fevfen	be PaiTed^f

*** the inipeftor,

until a certificate is produced in the following

feven hundred and ninety-two, no letter of attorney granted by by any petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, {hall be pafled, ftamped, and allowed of by the infpe&or of feamen’s wills and powers of attorney, until a certificate is produced to him from the captain or captains, or commanding officer or commanding officers of the.fhip or {hips, vefTel or veffels, to which the grantor of fuch letter of attorney at the time belonged, and for which the wages, pay, or allowances to be received by fuch letter of attorney became due, and which {hall be in the manner and form following, or to the like effe£t:

form;

unlefs executed on board agreeable to recited aft, or reafonable caufe be fhewn for diipenfing therewith.

An order for any fum not exceeding 7I. may be given upon the treafurer of the navy to be attefted, &c. as herein mentioned.

No

THESE are to certify, That A. B. has ferved as on hoard of his Majejlfs Jhip under my command, from the	to	the

dated the	of

A. B. is	feet	inches high, is

of a	oojnplexioiiy and aged	years«

C)

unlefs {uch power of attorney {hall have been made on board the {hip or veffel for which he claimed payment for his fervices as aforefaid, and is executed in the manner or form directed by the before-mentioned a ft of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or unlefs reafonable caufe {hall be {hewn to and allowed by fuch infpeftor of feamen’s wills and powers of attorney, or perfon authoriied to afor him, for difpenfing with all or any of fuch certificate or certificates.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That when any fum, not exceeding the fum of feven pounds, {hall be due and payable, by the rules of the navy, to any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, in refpedl of his fervices in the navy, it {hall and may be lawful for fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, to give an order in writing for the payment of the fame, upon the treafurer of the navy, which order fhall be revocable as in the cafe of powers of attorney, and {hall be payable to the perfon in fuch order named, or to his order; and the fame {hall be attefted by the captain or commander or any other of the figning officers, or a lieutenant of the {hip, on board of which fuch fervices were performed, accompanied with a certificate from one of the figning officers or lieutenants of fuch ihip, certifying the particulars of the fervices of the drawer of fuch order, and the faid order and certificate fhall be laid before the faid infpeftor, who {hall examine the fame, and if he fees no caufe to fufpeft the truth and authenticity thereof, he fhall ftamp and pafs the fame for payment; but if he fhall fee good caufe to fufpe£l the truth and authenticity of fuch order, he fhair report the lame to the treafurer, or to the paymafter of the navy, and fhall enter his caveat againft the fame, which {hall prevent

any

Hosted' by (jOO^Ic

ifg2.J Anno regni tricefimo iecundo Georgii III. c. 34.	515

2ny money from being had and received thereon, until the fame fhall be authenticated to the fatisfa&ion of the faid treafiirer or paymafter.

VIII.	And for the better explaining and diftinguifhing thofe officers in his Majefff s fervice who are herein deferibed, and in former aids have been deferibed, inferior or petty officers, and non~commiffioned officers of marines ; and likewife for the better explaining and cliff in* guijhing of that part of the complement on board his Majefffs fhips who are herein deferibed, and in former aids have been deferibed, to be fea-

tnen and marines, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Who are to all and every part of the faid complement of fuch fhip and fhips ^t^ee^^ers {hall be, and are hereby declared to be, petty or inferior officers, &c. ^withirf^* feamen; non-commiflioned officers of marines, or marines, ex- the meaning cepting fuch as are rated upon the books of fuch fhips, admirals of this and or flag officers, and their fecretaries, captains, and lieutenants, f°rmer adts« matters, fecond matters, and pilots, phylicians, furgeons, chaplains, boatfwains, gunners, carpenters, and purfers, captains of marines, captain lieutenants of marines, lieutenants, and quarter matters of marines.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Months to be all months mentioned in this and preceding; adls of parliament', reckoned by

i	CO	L	*	f hp I 3T*

relating to the navy, fhall be counted and reckoned calendar except jn the months, excepting only in the computation of pay, wages, and computation other allowances, which fhall be computed and caft by reckoning of pay, &c. 'twenty-eight days to the month, according to the ufual pradlice of the navy.

X.	Anf for the purpofe of more effectually preventing frauds and forgeries in the execution and attefting of letters of attorney, wills, orders, or certificates, made by or in favour of petty officers, feainen, ndn-commiffioned officers of marines, or ?narines, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every lieutenant on board any of his Lieutenants Majetty’s fhips fhall, upon a page of every mutter book of fuch

fhip, fign his name, for the purpofe, and for the purpofe only, ter book for that the infpedfior of feamen’s wills, or fuch perfons as fhall be the purpofe of deputed by him, may have the opportunity of comparing the being corn-fame with the name of any fuch lieutenant, attefting the will, ^eftaidon ofC letter of attorney, certificate, or order, executed by or in favour wills of any petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine.

XI.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all Captains in the

captains and commanders of fhips fhall, upon their monthly tmif- foecif^which ter books or returns, fpecify which of the men mentioned in the of the men faid returns have granted or iftued any will or teftament during have granted that month or fpace of time from the preceding returns, by in- w^s ferting the date thereof oppofite to the party’s name*	nK)U lm

XII.	And be it further enadted, That when and fo often as Captains fail-any captain or commander of any fhip or veflel fhall fail from any frorn 10-foreign ftation at a time when no opportunity fhall offer of tranf-

mitting to the navy board the mutter books, tickets and lifts, by portunity of this or other adfis of parliament diredfed to be made out and tranfmitting tranfmitted, then and in every fuch cafe fuch captain or com- rrff1^ers>

Vox,. XXXVII.	Mm	mander	ofiers’t0

5*6 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

leave them	mander■ fhall leave fuch mufter books, tickets, and'lifts with the

officerie&^Va nava^ officer, if any fuch officer fhall be and refide at fuch place, or if there fhall be no naval officer at fuch place, then and in that cafe with fome refpe£table merchant, or other perfon, with proper directions to forward the fame to the principal officers and covn-miffioners of his Majefty’s navy, by the firft fafe opportunity thereafter.

Captains,	XIII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That

^tn r^rTjov" if any captain or commander fhall be in anyways removed from ed, to deliver	n . r m . .	, . , . . n .	-	.	.	-L	r

compleatmuf- any fhip or veilel in his Majeity s fervice, he fhall deliver, or cauie

ter books to to be delivered over to his fucceffor, one com pleat mufter book,

their fuccef- figned by himfelf and the proper officers, made up to the time of

to^ivere^eipts remova^ and for which he fhall receive a receipt from the

for the fame, fold fuccefTor; and the principal officers and commiffioners of

withoutwhich his Majefty’s navy, are hereby ftridly direCled and required not

no generalcer- to grant to any fuch captain or commander the general certificate

m?tedtC&c t0 ent,%t^e to waSes or Pa7 for foch fhip or veflel, unlefs ®	3	fuch receipt fhall be produced to them, ,or unlefs thereto required

by particular order from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or from the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of fuch commiffioners, in cafes of neceffity, and on its being made appear to their fatisfaction, that the diredlions herein-before given in this behalf have been complied with, as far as the nature of the fervice would admit.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho-Parifh minif- rity aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the minifter of l;TerChecks* any Par^ to whom the infpe&or of fcamen’s'tvills fhall tranfmit tranfmittedby his c^eck of any letter of attorney, or will, pafted and allowed by the infpe&or him, to deliver the faid check to the attorney or executor in the of Teamen's faid letter of attorney, or will, named and appointed, any thing ne^s* &c*tt01> conta*nec* ]n foe	Pa^ed	in	the twenty-fixth year of the

neys, rc. reign of his prefent Majefty to the contrary thereof in anywife notvvithftanding.

Letters of attorney and wills to be examined by the infpe&or, who fliall iffiie cheeks, or in cafe of fufpi-ci.on fhall re-port to the treafurer of . the navy, &c.

XV. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That all letters of attorney, and wills, made prior to the firft day of Auguji one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, by petty officers and Teamen belonging to any of his Majefty’s fhips, or by the executors or adminiftrators of fuch petty officers and Teamen, and every letter of attorney, and will, made by any non-con! mi Phoned officer of marines, or marine, or by the executors or adminiftrators of fuch non-commiffioned officers of marines, or marine, prior to the faid firft day of Auguji one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, for the purpofe of receiving money of any kind in refpect of his fervic^s in the navy, fhall be infpe&ed and examined by the infpedTor of Teamen’s wills, for the purpofe of preventing frauds, forgeries, or impofitions of any kind therein; and if fuch infpedlor fhall lee no caufe to fufpe£t the authenticity of the fame, he fhall affix the ftamp of his office, and iflue checks for the fame, but if he fhall fee good caufe to fufpeft the truth and authenticity of fuch letter of attorney, or will, he fhall report a	the

Hosted by Google

f 792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c.	$l7	'

the fame to the treafurer or to the paymafter of the navy, and'fliall enter his caveat againft fuch letter of attorney, or will which ' fliall prevent any money from being had and received thereon, until the fame fliall be authenticated to the fatisfaclton of the faid treafurer or paymafter.

XV7I. And be it enacted by the authority aforefai:!, That Wagts of per-where any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of	5^*

marines, or marine, belonging, or who fliall have belonged to pa]cJ on]y

navy, the fame fliall not be paid, from and after the faid firft day fn mentioned*

of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, unto any

representative of fuch inteftate, but upon letters of adminiftration,

to be obtained in the following manner; (videlicet) The perfon

claiming fuch adminiftration fliall fend or give in a note or letter

to the infpe&or of feamen’s wills, ftating the name of the de-

ceafed, the name of the fliip or (hips to which he belonged, and

that he has heard or been informed of his death, and requesting

the infpedfor to give fuch directions as may enable him to procure

letters of adminiftration to the deceafed, or to the like effeCt, upon

receipt whereof the infpeCtor of feamen’s wills fliall deliver or fend

to,the perfon claiming fuch adminiftration, a paper in the words

and form following, or to the like effedi:

any ot ms iviajeity s imps, nas died or nerearter man die inteitate, upon admin

leaving any wages, pay, of any kind due to him.

prize money, or allowances of money ftration, ob-in refpecf of fervices in his Maiefty’s tamcdin die

LIST.

tflDegree—	•Widow.  Child.  Father.  Mother.
	
3a	
rth - - —	
	I'iuijicj} ur oiiici•  Grand tanner or
ULil 11	Grand mother. Uncle, Aunt; Nephew, or Niece. Coufm-german. Coufin-getman.  once removed. Second Coufm.
Bth	
	
10th	—	

SIR,

T 7	£ or m o f paper

^ AVING	ob Vat ]i0 ^delivered

A. B.	born	about the year 17	&o

at	fentatives	of

and belonging	to bis Mai eft ft s (hip	perfons dying

about the year	mteaate;

died at	in	the	month

of	17	without	leaving

any will to the beft of my knowledge and belief, I now apply for a certificate to enable me to obtain letters of a d~ minif ration to his ejfefls, being his

and -{one of his} neareji .of kin, no one, to the bejl of ?ny knoivledge and belief *of a nearer degree being living at the time of the death of the faid deceafed, who died a My place of abode is

C. D.

ttt	*

E hereby certify, "That we per [anally know the above fub-feribing C. D. and believe what j \ has dated to be true.

.	‘	w	E.F.

G. H,

Both inhabitants of the par if of	in

the county of

Mm 7,	N?

Hosted by

Google

$18 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

No

Ehereby certify, That the above E. F. G. H. are known to

us, are houfe-keepers, and. perfons of good repute.

IVitnefs our handsy

Dated at	1	I. K. Mimfter.

this	day	f	L.	M.	J Churchwardens 1

of	3	N. O.t or Elders.	I

"N. B. If the perfon applying is the widow of the party deceafed, {he inuft forward, herewith, an extract from the parifti regifter, or fome other authentic proof of her marriage.

If the deceafed died, after he had left the naval fervice, an extract from the parifh regifter of his burial, or fome other authentic proof of his death, inuft likewife be fent to this office.

If the perfon applying knows any pro&or in Dottors Commons, £ 0^e J

is defired to mention his name, that he may be employed in obtaining the letters of adminiftration.

This application, when filled up and attefted, is to be fent by the general poft, under cover, diretfted to the treafurer or to the paymafter of his Majefty’s navy, London.

which muft be And upon the receipt of the faid paper the perfon claiming fuch cenffied-^and ^miniftration	^	up,	or	cau^*e to be filled up, the feveral

ifthe infpe&or blanks in the firft part of the faid paper, according as the truth be fatisfied, he may be, and fhall duly fubfcribe the fame; and two inhabitants fhall make out 0f the parifh within which the perfon claiming fuch adminifiira-th^folbwin^11 tlon rebde fhall fign the firft certificate on the faid paper, form. . having previoufiy filled up the blanks therein agreeable to the truth, after which the minifter and two churchwardens, if in England, and two elders, if in Scotland, fhall fign the fecond certificate upon the aforefaid paper, the blanks therein being firft filled up agreeable to the truth, and the faid paper being in all things completed according to the dire&ions thereon and hereby given, the fame fhall be returned, addreffed to the treafurer, or to the paymafter of his Majefty’s navy, London, who upon receiving the fame fhall direcft the infpedfor of feamen’s wills to examine the fame, and make fuch enquiry relative thereto as may appear to him necefiary on that behalf, and being fatisfied, he fhall forthwith make out a certificate in the following form, or to the like effecft :

M

Hosted by

Google

1792*] Anno regni tricefimo fccundo Georgii III. c. 34.

Aft of parliament., 32 George III. ch. 34.

N°

CERTIFICATE to obtain LETTERS of

ADMINISTRATION.

5l9

H.

Navy Pay-office,

A VIN G duly examined an application made to this office Form of cer-by C. D. of	and county tificate.

of	fating	that	{0^e}	is	the

{SOlof me5”6} nex* °f kin-of A. B. originally of

and late a j j belonging to his Majeffy's Jhip	’	and	who	died inteflate, a { B“r°r}

upon the	day	of	and	without

leaving any one of a fuperior degree of kindred to him; and it appearing that no will of the' deceafed has been lodged in this office, 1 therefore grant this abfraft of faid application, and certify that I believe what is therein fated to be true, and alfo that the faid C.D. may obtain letters of adminiff ration to the effects of the faid deceafed\ which appear not to exceed the fum of	pounds	j	provided

always that | o^e j is otherwife entitled thereto by law.

I. P* Infpeftar.

To

Proffor in Dottors Commons•

N. B. The previous commiffion or requifition is to be addreffed agreeably to the fuperfcription of the within cover, in which the fame is to be inclofed, and forwarded by the prodtor ; and when the commiffion or requifition fhall be returned to this office it will be forwarded to him, and he is then to fue out letters of ad mini fixation, and fend them to the infpe&or, with his charge noted thereon.

And after filling up the blanks therein as the cafe may be, fhall Certificate to fign and addrefs the fame to a prodfor or prodlors in Doctors Com- be addrefTed. mons, the faid infpedfor of feamen’s wills fhall at the fame time with alette? inclofe and fend with fuch certificate a letter addrefied to the fr0m the in-minifter and churchwardens, or elders, as the cafe may be, of fpcftor in the the parifli within which the perfon applying for fuch letters of^owinS adminiftration then refides; and the treasurer or the paymafter Gftorm' his Majefty’s navy, or the faid infpe&or, or either of them, fhall frank the faid letter, fo as to carry the fame, and the previous commiffion or requifition to be inclofed therein, free of the charge for poftage, and which letter fo to be addrefied to the minifter, and to the churchwardens or elders, as the cafe may be, fhall be in the words, figures, and form following, or to the like effect:

Mm3

N°

Hosted by Google

Form cf the letter*.

i¥nno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c, 34. [1792. No

Navy Pay-office,	day of

Revd. S I Ry

H

A V I N G received, an application attejled by you and

two {ChorCeidt?sen!’} °f your parfa from C. D. alfo

fating that	is the

«”g ione'oftL]	next of km of A. B. late a

his Mayeffs navy, and requeuing leave to adminijler tp his cffedls > I am directed by cdt of parliament of the thirty fecond of George the Third, ch. 34, to forward you the enclofed £	}	^or	^ie

purpofe of[wearing | j accordingly y provided, to the bef of your knowledge and belief	anfwers	the	defeription contained in the

fame.

I am,

Rev. S I R,

Tour moft obedient Servanty

I. P. Infpedor.

P. S, When the £	j	is	executed,, you will pleqfe to re-

turn ity addreffecl

To the treafurery or

To the paymafer of h is Majeflf s navyy London.

And fpecify and deferibe the receiver general of the land taxy collector of the cuJhmSy collector of the excife^ or clerk of the chef ivhcfe abode is ncarefi to the per Jon applying, who unil be dire tied to pay	j

the wages due to the dcceafed.

To A. B>

Minijler of the parifo of

N. B. If the application above-mentioned was not attefted by you, as flated therein, be pk a fed to return the enclofed ^ 0r™qrtTn } imme(h' ately, that means may be taken to dilcover the impofiticn.

Fro&or, on And the infpector, before he fends fuch certificate as before direceiving cer- redted to.the prodior in Jj odors Commons, (hail fill up the blanks r^ere'‘n agreeably to the circumftances of the cafe ; and the proc-outa previous tor or pro&ors to whom fuch certificate fhall be addrelled and commifiion, lent, and which fhall likewife enclofe the letter to the minificer, and to tranf- church wardens, or elders, as aforefaid, fhall, immediately upon withthekttfr rece^Pt	fame5 fue out the previous commifiion or requifi-

tothexainifter! tion, or ta^e fuch other proper and legal fteps as may be ne-cefiary towards enabling the perfon fo applying for ietters of-adminiftration to the deceafed inteftate, to obtain the fame, and fhall enclofe fuch previous commifiion or requifition, or other legal and neccffary inftrument, with inftrudlions for executing the fame, in fine letter fo to be addrdfed to the nunifter and

' '	church-

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

521

ijg2.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Gtil. c. 34, churchwardens, or elders, and which had been tranfmitted to him by the infpedlor of feamen’s wills, along with the aforefaid certificate, and final! forward fuch letter and incloftires as afore-	,

faid by the general-poll, agreeably to the acid refs put therein by the treafurer of the navy, the paymafter of the navy, or the in-fpeflror of feamen’s wills.

XVII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the Minifters, on minifter, and the churchwardens, or elders, as the cafe may be,

fhall, immediately upon the receipt of fuch letter as aforefaid, to procure the

with the previous commiflion, or requifition, or other inftruments execution of

inclofed therein, take fuch fteps as to them may feem proper or ne- them, and

ceflary for procuring the execution of fuch previous commiffioikor	^0™

requifition, or other inftrument tranfmitted by the proctor, to be tice. ^ ^ °

executed, and, being fo executed, he or they fhail tranfmit the

lame to the treafurer, or to the paymafter of his Majefty’s navy, Perfons living

London; and if the perfon applying for fuch letters of adminiftra- at a ^iftance

tion fhall be and refide at a diftance from the place where the ^r?m places

.	r ,	,	where wages

wages, prize money, or other allowances of money, due to the are to

deceafed, are payable, he or they fhall fpecrfy and defcribe the defcribe the

receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, col- ne?reft re*

ledlor of the excife, or clerk of the check, who may be rhoft ce^' r^eT.ra^ n r 1 r ■ •	-	'	.	1	• -n or the land tax,

convenient or nearelt to luch perfon applying for iuch adminiftra- &c ;>

tion; and the faid treafurer or paymafter of his Majefty’s navy Treafurer of

fhall immediately upon the receipt thereof, fend the faid previous the navy to

commiflion or requifition, or other legal inftrument, executed by fend tbe Pre"

the perfon applying for the administration as aforefaid, to the fi!?nU^he^ex

aforefaid prodtor in Doctors Commons, who in purfuance thereof rented to the

fhall forthwith, fue out and procure letters of ad ini nift ration in proftor, m or-

favour of the perfon fo applying for the fame, in the manner and der that letters

form above-mentioned, to the eftate and effects of the perfon who ^ adminiftra-

has fo died inteftate as aforefaid.	obtained. °C

XVIII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Executors to

where any petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of obtain promarines, or marine, belonging, or who fhall have belonged to any bates of wills of his Majefty’s fhips, has died, or hereafter fhall die, and fhall	dhed^

have left a will or teftament, appointing any executor or executors ^ therein, any pay, wages, prize money, or allowance of money,

which may have been due or owing to fuch teftator at the time of his death, fhall not be paid over to, or recovered by fuch executor or executors, but upon probates of fuch wills, to be obtained in the following manner, (videlicet), alter fuch wills fhall have been tranfmitted, iiifpedled, and lodged in the office of the. treafurer of the navy, as diredled by the afore-mentioned act g( the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the is»-fpedtor of feamen’s wills and powers of attorney fhall iflue, or caufe to be iflued, a check in lieu thereof, with directions to return the fame upon the teftator’s death, and to which check there fhall be fubjoined a blank certificate, to be figned by two reputable houlekeepers of the parifh where fuch executor is refident at the time fuch certificate fhall be lo returned to the pa"v office ipf the treafurer of the navy, certifying that they perfonally know

M m 4	and

Hosted by

Goo; :

and believe that he is the perfon defcribed as executor in the faid check; and alfo another blank certificate, to be figned by the minifler of the faid parifh, and two of the churchwardens, or two elders'of the fame, as the cafe may be, certifying that fuch two perfons who certified as above-mentioned are refident within the parifh, and of good repute; and fuch check and certificates fhall • ' be in the form and words following, or to the like effedt;

No

C H E C K.

Navy Pay-office.

Form of check to be given on lodging wills at the navy pay-office.

J.

* T being dir eft ed by afts of parliament, twenty -fxth George 111\ chap. 63, and thirty-Jecond George III. chap. 34, That wills granted by petty officers and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, belonging to his Majejlf s navy, Jhall be lodged in this office, for purpofes therein fpecified; and that a check Jhall be iffuedfor every fuch will, mentioning the particular heads thereof which, by virtue of the faid aft, JhallJland in place of the fame ;

This is therefore iffued to fhezu receipt at this office of a will, dated at	upon the

day of ^	granted	by	A.	B.	now	of

formerly of his Majefffs Jhip	.	in	favour of

C. D. and appointing £. F. exeent| and which is attefed by G. H. and 1. K. The above E. F. upon the tejlator’s death is entitled, upon produftion of this check, to demand of this office the wages, pay, or any ether allowances due to the deceajed; and that the above-mentioned will be direfted andfent to a proftor in Do&or Commons, to obtain a probate thereof ivhich is alfo to be lodged in this office.

~tr*

E hereby certify, That we perfonally know the above-defcribed E. F. the prefent holder of this check; and that he is an inhabitant, of this parifh*

L. M.

N. Q.

Both inhabitants of the parifh of	in

the county of

'W*

E hereby certify, That the above L. M. and N. O. are known to us, are hoiifekeepers, and perfons of good repute.

Witnefs our hands,

At	“1	P,	Q. Minifler*

this	day	I	R.	S. { Churchwardens. \

of	f	T.	U. t or Elders.	i

If the teftator dies after he leaves the naval fervice, a certificate of his burial, or fome other authentick proof of his death, muft likewife be fent; to this office.

If the execut£r°,rx| knows any prodtor in Dodtors Common, j is de-

iired to mention his name, that he may be employed in obtaining the probate®

'	*	The

Hosted by Google

The above certificates are to be filled up upon the teftator’s death, and the check to be fent by the general poft, under cover, directed to the treafurer, or to the paymafter of his Majefty’s navy, London.

And the faid check having been with the certificates duly filled up, returned to the treafurer of the navy, or to the paymafter of the navy, in the event of the teftator’s death, and the faid original will having been pafied and ftamped in the-manner fpe-cified and direfted by the aforefaid aft, palled in the twenty-fixth year pf the reign of his prefent Majefty, the infpeftor of Teamen’s wills, or the perfons authorifed to aft for him, fhali note thereon the amount of the wages due to the faid deceafed, and fhali forward the faid will to fuch proftor or proftors in Doctors Commons as aforefaid, together with a letter addreffed to the minifter and churchwardens, or elders, as the cafe may be, of the pariftt within which the faid executor or executors, applying for fuch probate of will, {hall then refide; and the treafurer or the paymafter of his Majefty’s navy, or the faid infpeftor, or either of them, {hall frank the faid letter, fo as to carry the fame, and the previous commiffion or requifition to be inclofed therein, free of charge for poftage; and which letter, fo to be addrefted to the minifter and churchwardens, or elders, as the cafe may be, {hall be in the words, figures, and form following, or to the like effeft:

On return of checks, &c. to the pay office, the infpeftor to note the wages due, and forward the will to the proftor, with a letter in the follow-ing form.

N°	■	Navy	Pay-office,	179

Rev. SIR,

rr

A* A FING received a cheeky formerly iffued by this office, to which Form of the there are certificates annexed, attefied by you and two ^ ChoHUdSsenS}

• of your parijh, certifying that C. D. alfo of your parifh is the per-fon deferibed in the faid check to be the execu^\^\j\ to A. B. late a { Marine} belonging to his Majeffs navy, and requeuing that a probate of the will of the faid A. B. may be granted $

I am directed by aft of parliament ef the thirty fecond of George the Third, chap.	lo forward you the enclofed\c£IJSfiUon} an^

of the will, for the purpofe of [wearing the perfon fo named execut^Jfx accordingly.

I am.

Rev. SI R,

Tour mojl obedient Servant,

I. P. Infpeftor.

P. S. When the\ SquTiSon } IS executef you will pleafe to return if together with the copy of the will, addreffed 'To the treafurer> or

To the paymajler of his Mafefyys navy,

London,

And

Hosted by Google

524 Anno regni tricefime fecundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

And fpecify and defcribe the receiver general of the , tor of the cujloms,colleSior of the , or clerk of the , abode is nearejl to the execut\?Q to the wages due to the deceafcd,'

To A,. B.

Mmijier of the pariflo of

Pro£tor,cn receiving the will and letter, to fue out a previous com* mifficn, and to tranlinit the fame with the letter to the minifter.

Minifters, on receivingfuch commiffions, to procure the execution of them, and tranfmit them to the pay-office.

Perfons living at a diftance from places where wages are paid, to defcribe the neareft receiver general of the land taxj and

treafurer of the navy to fend the previous com-miffion, when executed, to the prodtor to obtain probates.

Creditor de-firous of admin iftering to petty officers, lean ten, &c. muft apply to the infpedtor of feamen’s wills, and

And the faid prodfor having received the faid will, and the faid letter fo written by the infpedlor, (hall immediately fue out the previous commiffion or requifition, or take fuch other proper and legal fteps as may be neceffary towards enabling the faid executor or executors, fo applying for probate of the faid will, to obtain the fame, and (hall enclofe fuch previous commiffion or requifition, or other legal and neceffary inftrument, with inftruc-tions for executing the fame, as alfo a copy of the faid will, in the’ letter To to be addreffed to the minifter, churchwardens, or elders, and fhall forward fuch letter and enclofures as aforefaid by the general poll:, agreeable to the addrefs put thereon by the treafurer of the navy, by the paymafter of the navy, or by the in-fpedfor of feamen’s wills.

XIX.	And be it enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That the minifter, and the churchwardens, or elders, as the cafe may be, (hall immediately upon receipt of fuch letter, as aforefaid, with the previous commiffion or requifition, or other inftruments en-clofed therein, take fuch fteps as to them may feem proper or neceffary for procuring the execution of fuch previous commiffion or requifition, or other inftrument diredfed by the proctor to be executed, and the fame being fo executed, he or they (hall tranfmit the fame to the treafurer, or to the paymafter of his Majefty’s navy, London; and if the perfon applying for fuch probate of will fhall be and refi.de at a diftance from the place where the wages, prize money, or other allowances of money due to the deceafed, are payable, he or they fhall fpecify and defcribe the receiver general of the land tax, colledfor of the cuf-toms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, who may be moft convenient, or neareft to the perfon applying for fuch probate; and the faid treafurer or paymafter of his jVIajefty’s navy (hall immediately upon receipt thereof fend the faid previous commiffion or requifition, or other legal inftruments, executed by the perfon applying for the probate as aforefaid, to the aforefaid proctor in Doctors Commons, who in purfuance thereof (hall forthwith fue out and procure luch probate.

XX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That when any perfon or perfons alledging him, her, or them-felves to be creditor or creditors of any petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, dying inteftate, or leaving a will, of which the executor or executors (hall renounce the execution, or (hall refufe to adt thereupon, (hall in that character be defrous of procuring letters of adminiftration, or letters of adminiftration with will annexed, in order to receive

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 34.	525

ceive any wages, pay, prize money, or other allowances of ft ate the money, of any kind, due to fuch petty officers, or Teamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, or marines, in refpe£t of fer-	9

vices in his Majefty’s navy, the fame fhall not be paid unto any fuch creditor or creditors as aforefaid, but upon letters of adminiftration, letters of adminiftration with will annexed, to be obtained in the following manner; (videlicet) fuch creditor or creditors (hall apply by letter or note to the infpeftor of Teamen’s wills, ftating the nature and amount of his demand, and if the per Ton upon whofe account the wages, pay, prize money, or other allowances are due, (hall have died after he left the naval fervice, fuch creditor fhall alfo exhibit a fatisfac-tory proof of fuch death, and if he knows any proefor in Doflors Commons, whom he may wifh to employ, he fhall mention his name to the faid infpedfor, who fhall further require a certificate, iigned by two reputable houfekeepers of the parifh where fuch creditor is refident, certifying that they perfonally know him, and believe that he is the perfon whom he defcribes himfelf to be, and alfo another certificate from the minifter of the faid parifh, and two of the churchwardens, or two of the elders of the fame, as the cafe may be, certifying that fuch two perfons who Iigned and certified as above-mentioned, are refident within the parifh, and of good repute; and upon receiving fuch cer- Infpedtor to tificates, together with a ftated account in writing of fuch credi- fign the actor’s demand, he fhall fign his name to fuch account exhibited by fuch creditor, and fhall alfo put a {lamp thereon, in token of certificate of his approbation thereof; and every fuch account, and the the demand, vouchers exhibited by fuch creditor, fhall be kept by the faid and forward it infpedor as vouchers of the accounts of the treafurer of the navy, and fuch infpedlor fhall immediately make, or caufe to follow-be made out a certificate, ftating the nature and amount of ing form, fuch creditor’s demand upon the eftate of fuch petty officer, Teaman, non-commiftioned officer of marines, or marine, as aforefaid, deceafed, and fhall fign and ftamp, and forward ttie fame to the pro<ftor or prodtors in Doolors Commons as fhall have been named by fuch creditor, and he fhall alfo enclofe and fend therewith a letter addreil'ed to the minifter and churchwardens, or elders, as the cafe may be, of the parifh within which the perfon applying as creditor for fuch letters of adminiftration then re-fides, and the treafurer or paymaft§r of his Majefty’s navy, or the faid infpecfor, or either of them, fhall frank the faid letter fo as to carry the fame, and the previous commiffion or requifi-tion, or other necelfary inftruments to be enclofed therein, free of the charge for poftage, and which letter fo to be addrelfed to the minifter, and to the churchwardens, or elders, as the cafe may be, fhall be in the following words, figures, and form, or to the like efredh

N°

Hosted by Google

526 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

N°	Navy	Pay-office,	jjg

Rev. SIR,

Form of letter. H£ RING received certificates, attefed by you and tw& {ChurSdens} °f y°Ur Partfry from C. D. fating that he Is refident . therein, and defiring to admlnijier to the ejfedls of A. B. late of his Majefys navy, as his creditor;

I am direElecf by adi of parliament of the thirty-feeond of George - the Third, ch. 34, to forward you the enclofed j^eq^Sl} for the purpofe of fwearing him accordingly.

I am.

Rev, S IR,

Tour mofr obedient fervant,

I. P. Infpettor..

P, S. When the | ReqStlon} ** executed,	w/77 /<? return

it, addreffied

To the treafurer, or

Ti paymafer of his Majeffs navy, London.

And fpecify and deferibe the receiver general of the land tax, col~ ledtor of the cufoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, k whofe abode is nearejl to the above creditor, who will be directed to pay that part of the wages due to the deceafed which £ appears by law entitled to receive

To A. B.

Minifler of the par if of

Pro&or to	And the protftor or pro£tors to whom the aforefaid certificate

take the ne- fhall be addreffed and fent, and which fhall likewife enclofe ceffary fteps the letter to the minifler, churchwardens, or elders, as aforefaid, Sector to**	immediately	upon	receipt	of	the fame fue out the previous

obtain letters commiffion or requifition, or take fuch other proper and legal of adminif- fteps as may be neceffary towards enabling the perfon fo apply-tration, See. ing as creditor for letters of adminiftration to fuch deceafed to obtain the fame, and fhall enclofe fuch previous commiffion or requifition, or other legal and neceffary inftruments, with in?? ftrudlions for executing the fame, together with a copy of the will in cafes of adminiftration with the will annexed, in. the letter fo to be addreffed to the minifter, churchwardens, or elders, and fhall forward fuch letter and inclofures as aforefaid by the general poft, agreeable to the addrefs put thereon by the treafurer of the navy, paymafter of the navy, or the infpedtor of

Hosted by Google

i792*} Artnoregfti tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 34,	527

Teamen’s wills, and if it (hall be neceffary to cite the next of kin, notice of fuch citation fhall be previoufly given to the faid infpec-tor, who fhall point out one or more pubiick papers, in which fuch citation (hall be inferted.

XXL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That the minifter and churchwardens, or elders, as the cafe may Minifters and be, fhall, immediately upon the receipt of fuch letter as afore- churchwar-faid, with the previous commiffion or requifition, or other in- fte° ftruments, inclofed therein, take fuch fteps as to them may feem ceflaryPforC* proper or neceffary for procuring the execution of fuch pre- executing in-vious commiffion or requifition, or other inftrument, directed by ftruments as the prodfor to be executed, and, being fo executed, he or they ^he^o&or fhall tranfmit the fame to the treafurer, or to the paymafter of and to°tranf-his Majefty’s navy, London; and if the perfon applying for fuch mit them to adminiftration fhall be and refide at a diftance from the place the treafurer where the wages, prize money, or other allowance of money of the navy, due to the deceafed, are payable, he or they (hall fpecify and de- c* fcribe the receiver general of the land tax, colle&or of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, who may be moft convenient or neareft to fuch perfon claiming fuch adminiftration; and the faid treafurer or paymafter of his Ma- Treafurer to jefty’s navy fhall, immediately upon receipt thereof, fend the faid previous commiffion or requifition, or other legal inftru- thTprodor^ ments, executed by the perfon applying for the adminiftration that letters as aforefaid, to the aforefaid prodfor or prodbors in Doffors Com- of adminif-mons, who in purfuance thereof fhall forthwith fue out and j:ratl£n .may procure letters of adminiftration in favour of the perfon fo De 0 aine * applying as creditor for the fame, in the form and manner above-mentioned, to the eftate and effedfs of the perfon who has died as aforefaid, but which letters of adminiftration may and fhall only entitle fuch adminiftrator, as creditor, to receive fuch part of the eftate of fuch petty officer, feaman, non-com-miffioned officer of marines, or marine, as fhall fatisfy the amount of the claim or demand made by him as aforefaid, together with expences incurred in eftablifhing his right as afore- Balance, after faid to receive the fame, and the balance of fuch inteftate’s eftate paying the (if any) after fatisfying the demand of fuch creditor, and ex-pences incurred, fhall remain in the hands of the treafurer of ^mifteringito the navy, fubjedt to the claim and demand of any other creditor, remain with next of kin, or executor, to take and receive the fame, when the treafurer,. legally authorifed fo to do.	&c-

XXII.	And be it further enadted. That as foon as any let- As foon as ters of adminiftration, or probates of wills, or letters of ad- letters of miniftration with will annexed, have been obtained, and paff- adminiftration

'	<	1	hnyp kppn

ed the feal of the proper court, in the manner herein-before obtained and diredled in the different events herein-before fpecified, the proc- pafied, the tor or prodlors who have fued out the fame fhall immediately pro&or to fend fend fuch letters of adminiftration, or probates of wills, or letters of adminiftration with will annexed, addreffed to the paymafter of treafurer or to the paymafter pf his Majefty’s navy, together with the navy, who an account of his or their charges and expences in obtaining are to direct

the infpedtor

Hosted by Google

528 Anno regni triceftmo fecundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

to iffue a the fame, which faid charges and expences (hall not exceed

check, &c. the fum or fums herein-after allowed to be charged in the different events herein-after fpecified; and the faid treafufer or paymafter of his Majefty’s navy* upon receiving fuch \et-> ters of adminiftration, or probates of wills, or letters of ad-miniftration with will annexed, fhall diredt the infpedtor of fea-men’s wills, or the jterfon authorifed to a£t for him, to iffue, or caufe to be iffued, a check, containing the heads of fuch letters of adminiftration, or probate of will, or letters of adminiftration with will annexed, as the cafe may be; and the faid infpedfor, or the perfon authorifed to adt for him, fhall note thereon the amount of the faid prodtor or prodhors charges and expences, provided the fame (hall be at and after the rates herein-after allowed to be charged, and likewife fpecify and defcribe upon the faid check the revenue officer or clerk of the check, refiding as aforefaid neareft to the adminiftrator or executor fo to be named in fuch check, if fuch communication fhall have been made to him; and in cafes of letters of adminiftration, or letters of adminiftration with will annexed, granted to creditors,' he fhall alfo note upon fuch check the amount due to fuch creditors, and which check of letters of adminiftration, or letters of adminiftration with will annexed, fo prepared, {ball be delivered over by him to the faid adminiftrator, and which check or probate of will fhall be delivered over by him to the faid executor, together-with the copy of the will which had been transmitted to him by the prodtor or proctors in Doftors Commons*) the faid copy being firft ftamped by the infpec-tor, if the faid adminiftrator, or the faid adminiftrator with will annexed, or the faid executor, as the cafe may be, (hall be prefent or demand the fame in perfon, but if be fhall not be prefent, but be and refide at a diftance, then and in that cafe the faid infpedtor (ball deliver fuch check, and fuch copy of will, to the deputy paymafter, and which fhall be in the following form, or to the like effect:

No	CHECK.

Form of check.

Navy Pay-office,	day	of

he rag directed hy ads of parliament^ twcnty-fixth George the €fbird^ chap. 63, and. thirty-fecond George the "Third\ chap. 34, that letters *of adminiftration, and probates of wills, granted to the re-prefentatives of petty officers and feamen, non-commijfioned officers of marines, and marinesbelonging to his Majejlfs navy, fhall be lodged in this office, as vouchers to the treafurer for payments made there-on, and that a check Jhall be iffued for every fuch adminiftration and probate of will, and adminiftration with will annexed, fpecifying the particular heads thereof which by virtue of the faid aft Jhall ftand in place of the fame\

This is therefore iffued to Jloew receipt at this office of

Hosted by Google

i792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii HI. c. 34.

C Letters of Adminiftration < Probate of Will

(. Letters of Adminiftration with Will annexed

granted to C. D. of

the county of

Adniniftrat Execut

. Adminiftrat with Will annexed

dated

of A. B. late of his Maiejly s Jhip day of

5*9

No

Remittance hill to be addrejfed to

at

Letters of Adminiftration Probate of Will

Letters of Adminiftration with Will annexed

| were fued

by

ProElor in Doctors Commons, zubofe charges amount to

out

I. P. Infpeftor.

To the deputy paymafier of the navy.

XXIII. Provided alfo, and be further enadted by the autho- If the fum rity aforefaid, That where any fum not exceeding the fum of due exceeds ten pounds (hall be due for the fervices as aforefaid of any petty officer or feaman, non-commiflioried officer of marines, or ma- jfpue a certl-rine, deceafed, in order that the widow, next of kin, creditor or ficate. perfon named as executor in any will or teftament of fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, may not be put to great expence, it fhall and may be lawful for the infpedfor of feamen’s wills, after having taken the previous fteps to afcertain the juftnefs of their refpedtive claims to probate or adminiftration, or adminiftration with will annexed (in like manner as he has been herein-before diredfed to take in cafes of granting certificates to Doctors-Commons for letters of adminftration, or letters of adminiftration with will annexed, or for probates of wills) to iflue or caufe to be ifilled a certificate in the following form, or to the like effedh

Aft of parliament, thirty fecond-G to rge III. chap. 34.

N®

CERTIFICATE.

H

Navy Pay- office^

day of

A RING duly examined a claim prefented to me as infpeSfor of Form of cer* fearnen's wills, &c. by A. B .of	tificate.	3

in the county of	fating	that

*	of	C, D. originally of

and lately a [^naen| belonging to his Ma*

je/ty’s

Hosted by

Google

53$ Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792;

jejly's Jhip	and who died at

on the

I therefore hereby certify, That I believe the contents as therein fated to be true, and alfo that the faid A. B. is entitled to receive whatever wages± prize money, and other allowances of money may be due to the faid deceafed, provided the amount thereof does not exceed the fum of ten pounds.

Remittance bill to be addrejjed to at

I. P. InfpeElor.

To the deputy paymafter of the navy, who fhall take care to note hereon all fums which he {hall pay, or caufe tq be paid, upon the authority of the fame.

Certificate to be delivered to the widow, &c. if prefent, otherwise to the deputy paymafter.

Deputy pay-matter, on receiving checks or certificates, to compute the wages due, and the balance to be paid, &c.

If the party refide at a

diftance, a remittance bill to be made out for the balance.

And which certificate, fo prepared, fhall be delivered over by him to the faid widow, next of kin, creditor, or perfon named as executor, if he or they fhall. be prefent, but if he or they fhall not be prefent, but be and refide at a diftance, then and in that cafe the faid infpedtor fhall fpecify and defcribe upon the faid certificate the revenue officer reliding as aforefaid neareft to fuch widow, next of kin, creditor, or perfon named as executor, and fhall deliver fuch certificate to the deputy paymafter.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That the faid deputy paymafter, upon receiving fuch check, or fuch certificate, addreffed to him, as the cafe may be, fhall caufe the whole of the wages due thereon to be calculated and afcertained in the ufual manner, in which calculation confideration fhall be had to the proctor's charge, if any fuch charge fhall have been incurred, which fhall be abated and dedudled from the faid wages, and be immediately paid to the faid protftor, or fome perfon authorifed to receive the lame on his behalf, and the amount due on fuch check, or certificate as the cafe may be, being fo afcertained, and the pro£lor’s charge, where there may be any, being fo deduced, the net balance, or that part of the. net balance which may be due to the adminiftrator, executor, widow, next of kin, or perfon named as executor or creditor, fliall immediately be paid to him or them, if he or they fliall be prefent; and the check cm certificate upon which the lame was fo paid fliall alfo be delivered to him or them, that it may be and remain in his or their hands, and ftand in place and in ftead of letters of adminiftration, or pro* bate of the will, or letters of adminiftration with will annexed, as an authority to receive whatever other funis may be due or become due to the eftate of fuch deceafed.

XXV* And be it further enadled, That in cafe the faid executor or adminiftrator, widow, next of kin, or creditor, or perfon named as executor, fliall not be prefent, but be and refide at a diftance, the faid deputy paymafter, or treafurer’s clerk fhall make out, or caufe to be made out, a remittance bill or bills

Hosted by Google

*79*0 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GfeoRGii IIIvc. 34?	531

for the net balance, or that part of the net balance afeertained as aforefaid, and which fliall be in the following form, dr to the like effeft:

No

Day of

StR;

PAY to B. C. of	on	\	t£eir } pro- J L s.

during and delivering the duplicate hereof the fum of \ being on account of the wages r of D. E. belonging to his May eft fs [hip the	I

if the fa?ne be demanded within fix calendar months from the date hereof otherwife you are to return this bill to the treafurer of the navy> at the pay-office of the navy, London*

form of remittance bill*

f The receiver general of the land I	tax in the county of	j

• The collector of the cuftoms at 1 T*° a	the port of	f

j The colledtor of the excife at J ^ The clerk of the check at	j

Signed |	F.G.	|	Commjfionersofthe

A„Pi\	h.i.	}

By virtue of the aft of the thirty fecond of George the Third.

N.	B. The perfonating or falfely a [fuming the name and charafiep of any perfon entitled to receive the wages of any inferior of* ficer or feaman, non-commijftoned officer of marines, or ma* nine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to re* ceive wages due to fuch officer or feaman, non-commijfioned officer of marines, or marine, is made felony without benefit of clergy, by the thirty fecond of George the Third.

THE officer to whom the within bill is addrefTed, is diredted by adt $% Geo. III. Chap. 34, to examine the duplicate thereof when prefented, and enquire into the truth, by the oath of the perfon prefenting the fame; and being fatisfied, he is to teftify to that purpofe Upon the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward; but if he fliajl not be able to pay the amount, from not having publick money fufficient ill his hands, He fhall note the caufe of his refuting payment, and fliall ap • point another day, within one month at furtheft from that time, and VOL. XXXVII.	N	n	fhall

Hosted by Google

53* Anno r<rgni tricefimb fecundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.'

fhall deliver back the bill, fo noted, to the perfon prefenting. it. And if, upon complaint to the com midi oners, it fhall appear that the officer to whom this is addrefled has unnfcceflarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any deduction whatfoever, he fhall be fined a fum not exceeding fifty pounds.

Remittance bill to be figned, Sec. as in cafes of parties defi ring wages to be remitted at the pay of a fhip by 31 Geo. %. c. 10, &c.

On production of the duplicate of a remittance bill to any receiver general of the land tax, Sec. within 6 months from the date, he fhall examine into the truth of it upon oath, and pay the fame without fee; but if not produced within

6 months the fame fhall be returned to the treafurer of the navy, &c.

And which bill fhall be figned, attefted, forwarded and tranf-mitted in the manner dire&ed in cafes of parties defiring their wages to be remitted at the pay of a fhip, by the aforefaid a&, parted in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late Majefty; and which remittance bills fhall be made payable to fuch perfons only as fhall be exprefied as adminiftrators, executors, widows* next of kin, or creditors, in the check or certificate iftued as before dire&ed by the infpedtor: and all the money payable by the treafurer of the navy upon fuch check of adminiftration, or pro* bate of will, with copy of will annexed, being made into a remittance bill or bills, the treafurer’s clerk fhall examine the faid check, and if it fhall appear that there is no further fums due by the faid treafurer of the navy, but that the full fum due by him upon fuch authority has been paid and fatisfied, his faid clerk fhall enclofe the faid check, together with the faid copy of will, in the letter or cover which contains the bill of remittance, and forward it by the lame conveyance to the adminiflrators, or executors, widows, nexjt of kin, or creditors, that it may be and remain in their hands, and ftand in place and in ftead of the original adminiftration, or probate of the will, as an authority to receive whatever other fums may be due, or become due, to the eftate of fuch deceafed.

XXVI.	And be it ena£ted by the authority aforefaid. That as foon as the duplicate of any remittance bill or bills made out in favour of or granted in the manner herein-before directed in the different events fpecified, to any adminiftrator, executor, widow, next of kin, creditor, or perfon named as executor to any petty officer, feaman, non-commifiioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall be produced and delivered to any receiver general of the land tax, Collect:or of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, in Great Britain refpe£tively,'within fix calendar months from the date thereof, he is hereby required and enjoined to examine fuch duplicate, and enquire into the truth thereof, by the oath of the perfon producing the fame, which oath he is hereby authorifed and directed to adminifter, and upon being duly fatisfied to teftify the fame on the back of fuch bill, and immediately to pay the perfon or perfons to whom fuch bills fhall be made payable, and who fhall be entitled to receive the fame, without fee or reward on any pretence whatfoever, the fum contained in fuch bill, taking his, her, or their receipt for the fame on the back thereof, which bill fo paid, upon being produced and delivered, together with the duplicate thereof, at the navy office, fhall be immediately affigned for payment by three or more commifiioners of the navy, and fhall be immediately repaid by the treafurer of the navy to fuefi receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, clerk

©f

Hosted by

Google

i792*3 Anno regni"trifcefimb- feeOndo Gri6R(3il c. 34-	533

of the check, or to the order of any of therfi refpe&ively who {hall have paid fuch hill; but in cafe the duplicate of fuch bili fliall not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof be demanded within fix calendar months from the date thereof, then the fat'd receiver general of the land tax, collector of the ctiftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, fhall return fuch bill to the treafurer of the navy, who fhall caufe fuch bill to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof, the fum fo contained in fuch bill fhall accrue and become payable to fuch executor, adminiftrator, widow, next of kin, creditor, or perfon named as executor to fuch inferior officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for whofe wages or pay it was made out, or to their lawful reprefentatives in cafe they (hall be dead, in the fame manner as if fuch bill had never been iflued.

XXVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by ^ the authority aforefaid, That if any fuch receiver general of the land tax, colle&or of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk §fallm>t have of the check, to whom the duplicate of any of the bills herein- money in hand before directed to be made out and addreffed to him as aforefaid when dupli-fhall be tendered for payment, fhall not then have in his hands ^ered &he publick money fufficient to anfwer the fame, and fhall for that app0int a day jreafon refufe or delay the immediate payment thereof, fuch re- for payment ceiver general, colledtor of the cuftoms, colleflor of the excife, within a or clerk of the check, fhall immediately indorfe on the back of the faid duplicate the day of its being fo tendered to him, and the caufe of his refufal or delay to pay the fame, and fhall appoint thereon, for the payment of fuch bill, fome future day, within the • fpace of one month at the fartheft from the day of its having been firft tendered to him as aforefaid, and fuch duplicate, with the indorfement thereon, fhall immediately be delivered back to the perfon prefenting the fame ; and if upon complaint to be made to Penalty oft W-the refpe&ive commiffioners appointed by his Majefty, his heirs ^^ddaving* or fucceffors, to manage the faid feveral duties of the land tax, payment^ or cuftoms, or excife, or to the commiffioners of the navy if the taking fees, perfon complained of he a clerk of the check, it fliall appear that fuch receiver general, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, hath unneceftarily and wilfully re-fufed or delayed the payment of fuch bill, or that fuch receiver general, colle&or of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check, or any perfon employed by or under any. of them, hath dire&ly or indire&ly received or taken any fee, reward, gratuity, difeount, or deduction whatfoever, on account of the payment of the faid bill, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the faid commiffioners to convidi and fine any fuch offender under their refpe&ive direction in any fum not exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the offence, and fuch fine fhall be levied and recovered in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents and purpoles, as any convidlion may be made, and any penalty or fine may be levied and recovered, for any offence againft any law by which any cuftom. or

N n 2	excife

Hosted by Google

53 4

Bills and duplicates to be allowed in paf-ling the accounts of the treafurer of the navy.

Perfons forging certificates, checks, &c. to fuffer death.

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeoRGII HI. c. 34. [1792*

excife is impofed or laid ; and the faid fine, when recovered, fhall be paid to the informer or informers againft fuch offender or offenders.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every fuch bill and bills, duplicate and duplicates refpeftively, herein-before direfted to be made out and paid as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken as good and fufficient vouchers for the treafurer of the navy for fo much money as fhall have been fo directed to be paid upon all or any fuch bill or duplicate refpeftively, and as fhall have been paid by him fhereon, and fhall be allowed as fuch in paffing his accounts.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That any perfon, from and after the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, fhall falfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly aft and affift in the falfe making, forging, or counterfeiting any petition for a certificate, herein-before defcribed or mentioned, to enable any perfon or perfons to obtain letters of adminiftration to any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer or private of marines, who fhall have ferved on board any fhip or veffel of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or fhall utter or publifh as true any petition for a certificate, herein-before defcribed or mentioned, to enable any perfon or perfons to obtain letters of adminiftration to any fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commif-fioned officer or private of marines, who fhall have ferved on board any fhip or veffel of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or fhall falfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfely.made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly aft and affift in the falfe making, forging, or counterfeiting any certificate for enabling him, her, or them to obtain probate, or letters of adminiftration with the will annexed, or any check, remittance bill, or duplicate of remittance bill, or any certificate to the deputy paymafter, in refpeft of wages, prize money, and other allowances of money, not exceeding ten pounds, herein-before feve-rally defcribed or mentioned, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize money, due or fuppofed to be due for or on account of the fervice of any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer cr private of marines, on board any fhip or vefiel of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or fhall utter or publifh as true any check, remittance bill, or duplicate of remittance bill, or certificate, to the deputy paymafter, in refpeft of wages, prize money, and other allowances of money, not exceeding ten pounds, herein-before feverally defcribed or menr tioned, in order to receive any wages, pay or other allowances of money, or prize money, due or fuppofed to be due for or on account of the fervice of any petty officer or feaman, non-com-rniffioned officer or private of marines, on board any fhip or veffel of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, then every fuch perfon, being lawfully convicted of any fuch offence or offences, according to the

a	dne

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 34.	535

due courfe of law, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy,

XXX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That, from and after the firft day of Auguji one thoufand feven Petty officers, hundred and ninety-two, if any petty officer or feaman, non- feamen, See. commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall receive his pay, recelve^thfir'° or fhall attempt to receive the fame, or any part thereof, upon pay on forged any certificate, purporting to be a certificate of fervitude, or a certificates, or certificate of difeharge, knowing the fame to be forged or coun- afiifting in terfeited, or if anv fuch petty officer by himfelf, or by employing [o^punifhTd others, fhall affift in the forging or counterfeiting of any fuch as ‘Ul cafes of certificate, every fuch petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned perjury, officer of marines, or marine, being thereof convidted, fhall be punifhed as in cafes of perjury.

XXXI.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the faid firft day of Auguji one thoufand feven Sums to be hundred and ninety-two, no ecclefiaftical court, prodlor or proc- ^ates^of wills tors in fuch courts, nor any perfon or perfons whatfoever, under or jetters of * any pretence, fhall take and receive any more than the fum of fif- adminiitration teen fhillings and two-pence, for the feal, parchment, writing, and granted to fuing forth the probate of any will, granted to the executors of next^Tkin** any warrant or any petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned offi-	*

cer of marines, or marine, for the purpofe of receiving wages or pay, or allowances of money of any kind, which fiiall remain due to fuch warrant or petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, at the time of his or their death, for his or their fervices in his Majefty’s navy, and for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the fuing forth fuch probate, nor more than the fum of one pound four fhillings and two-pence for letters of adminiftration, granted to the next of kin of any warrantor petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of twenty pounds, nor more than the fum of one pound eight fhillings and eight-pence for any fuch probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine ; nor more than the fum of one pound feven teen fhillings and eight-pence for any fuch letters of adminiftration granted to the next of kin of any warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine,, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant of petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of forty pounds; nor more than the fum of one pound eleven fhillings and two-pence for any fuch probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine; nor more than the fum of two pounds eight (hillings and fixpence for any fuch letters of adminiftration granted to the next of kin of any warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of piarines, or marine, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant <pr petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or

N n 3	marine,

Hosted by Google

53^	Arnoregni tricefimo fecundo GeoRGII III. c. 34. [1792,

marine, do amount to; the value of fixty pounds ; nor more than, cbeffim of one pound thirteen fhillings andpight-pence for any fuch probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine $ nor itiore than the fum of two pounds eleven (hillings for any fuch letters of adminiftration granted to the next of kin of any warrant; or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or' marine, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the fum of one hundred pounds; and in all cafes where it {hall be neceftary to iffue commiffions or requifitions to fwear the executors or adminiftrators of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, no ecclefiaftical court, prodlor or prodlors in fuch court, nor any .perfon or perfons whatfoever, under any pretence, fhall take or receive more than the fum of fifteen fhillings for the leal, parchment, writing, and fuing forth of any fuch commiffion or requi-fition, and for the pains, trouble and expence attending the fame, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of twenty pounds; nor more than the fum of one pound three fhillings, unlefs, the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned, officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of one hundred pounds. .	.

gums to be XXXII. Provided always, That no ecclefiaftical court, proc-paid for pro- tor or proQors in fuch court, nor any perfon or perfons whatfo-^rof ever, under any pretence, fhall take and receive any more than *dminiftra- the fum of fix fhillings for the feal, parchment, writing, and fuing tion, granted forth the prolate of any will granted to the executors of any to widows, warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of <p ukuen, &c. roarjnes, or marine, fuch executors being the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or filler, of any fuch warrant of petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for the purpofe of receiving wages or pay, or allowances, of money pf any kind, which fhall remain due to fuch warrant or petty officer, dr feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, at the time of his or their death, for his or their fer vices in his Majefty’s navy, and for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the fuing forth fuch probate ; nor more than the fum of fourteen fhillings for the letters of adminiftration grated to the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or fifter, of any fuch warrant pr petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of.twenty pounds; nor more than the fum of nineteen fhillings and fixpence for any fuch probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, feaman, non^ pomrniffipned officer of marines, or marine, fuch executor being the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or fifter as aforefaid,* por mom than the ium of one pound fhillings and* fixpence,

I : ■ ■	•. *•	:	-	;	' ’	•	...	-	•	•	•	-	»	-Ism*

Hosted by Google

17920 Anno regniIricefimo fecundo Geor6ii III. C. 34.	537

far any fuch letters of adminiftration granted to the widow, chil* dren, father, mother, brother, or fifter of any fuch warrantor petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, unlefsthe goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, fea* man, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of forty pounds; nor more than the fum of one pound three (hillings for any fuch probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fuch executors being the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or fifter as aforefaid; nor more than the fum of one pound eleven (hillings for any fuch letters of adminiftration granted to the widow, children, hither, mother, brother, or fifter of any fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-corn-miffioned officer of marines, or marine, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of fixty pounds ; nor more than the fum of one pound feven (hillings and fixpence for any fuch probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fuch executors being the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or fifter as aforefaid; nor more than the fum of one pound fifteen (hillings and fixpence for any fuch letters of adminiftration granted to the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or fifter, of any fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of one hundred pounds ; and in all cafes where it (hall be neceffary to iffiie commiffions or requifitions to fwear executors or admi-niftrators, being the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or fifter, of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, no ecclefiaftical court, procfor or pro&ors in fuch court, or any perfon or perfons.whatfoever, under any pretence, (hall take or receive more than the fum of twelve (hillings for the feal, parchment, writing, and fuing forth of any fuch commiffion or requifition, and for the pains, trouble, and expence attending the fame, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do ambunt to the value of twenty pounds; nor more than the fum of fifteen (hillings and fixpence, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of forty pounds ; nor more than the fum of fixteen (hillings and fixpence, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, noncommiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of fixty pounds; nor more than the fum of eighteen (hillings and fixpence, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of one hundred pounds.

XXXIIt. And be it hereby, further enafted? That, from and No more than Np*	^thefums	here-

in osted by Google

538 Agqo,.{tg$i	fecundo Geor<hi III. c. 34. [ 179-2.

in specified -after the faid firft day oi Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and foreCmentiob - ne fY ~ ^ wo, no ecclefiaftical court, nor any perfon or perfons ed) to be paid what foe ver, fave as herein-before mentioned, under any pretence* for probates of fhall take and receive, more than the fum of five (hillings for the wills or letters feal, parchment, writing, and fuing forth of the probate of any tiong^litedto P** anY letters of adminiftration granted to the widow, ehil* Widows, &c. dren, father, mother, brother, or filler of any fuch warrantor for eftates un-petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or der io.pl* marine, and for the pains, trouble, and expence attending the fuing forth fuch probate or letters of adminiftration, unlefs the goods and chattels of fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commifiipned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of one hundred pounds ; and in all cafes where it (hall be neceffary to iflue commiffions or requifitions to fwear the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or fitter, being executors or udminiftrators of any fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, no ecclefiaftical court, nor any perfon or perfons whatfoever, fave as herein-before. mentioned, under any pretence, fhall take or receive more than the fum of five (hillings for the feal, parchment, writing, and fuing forth of any fuch commiffion or requifition, and for the pains, trouble, and expence attending the fame, unlefs the goods and chattels of any fuch warrant or petty officer, feaman, non* commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the Value of one hundred pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enadled and declared by the autho-r Bill of expert- rity aforefaid, That, in all cafes where it (hall be neceflary to grant ces on letters letters of adminiftration or letters of adminiftration with will an* ^on^Wanted'1" n<?xcc^to any creditor or creditors of fuch petty officer, feaman>nont to creditors, commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, the prodtor or procfors to be laid be- fuing forth, or capfing the fame to be fued forth, (hall make out a bill, fore the regif- Gf cofts, which he or they niay have adtually paid for (lamps, or fees i^Ativ^court' in ecclefiaftical court, or other wife or el fe where, and which bill to^betaxed, ? ofexpences (hall alfo contain an account of charges for his or their ' pains and trouble in every thing attending or relating to the fuing out, or caufing to be fued out, fuch letters of adminiftration, or letters of adminiftration with will annexed ; which bill of exr pences and charges the faid prodlor or prodfors (hall lay before the regifters of the prerogative court of Canterbury, or certain deputies authorifed to adt for them, to be examined and taxed:, and the (aid regifters and deputy regifters are hereby authorifed to examine and tax the fame ^ and which bill of cofts and charges, after having been fo examined and taxed by the faid regifters, of the prerogative court of Canterbury, or by their deputies, or by any one of the faid regifters, or by any one of the faid deputies, they fhall certify the fame, or that part of the fame which remains after being fo taxed, to be fair and equitable charges, according $o the ufual fees allowed, and cuftomar.y charges made by procr tors i;n Doftoxs Cowmens, and,then (hall return the faid letters of adminiftration, or letters of adminiftration with will annexed, and the faid bill of e?:pehces and charges, to the prodtor or prodtors —	:	V	-	^	.... •	,	who

Hosted by Google

1792*] Anno regni tricefimo lecundo Q^RGII Ilf. c. 34*	539

who fhall have fo laid the fame before them,' and which bill of to regifter cofts and charges (hall be allowed to contain a fee of three fhil- - taxm£* lings and four-pence to be paid to the faid regifters, or to the faid deputy regifters, who fhall have fo taxed and examined the fame s and when the faid pro£lor or proftors have finally obtained fuch letters of adminiftration, or letters of adminiftration with will annexed, granted to the creditors of fuch petty officer or Teaman, non-commiflioned officer of marines, or marine, and fuch bill pro(qors to expences and charges, certified as herein-dire&ed, he or they fhall forward fuch letters of adminiftration, and letters of adminiftra- ters of admi-tion with will annexed, and certificates of expences and charges, niftration and to the treafurer, or to the paymafter of his Majefty’s navy; and ^^ence^to^ if any officer or officers, prodtor or prodlors, or any other perfon the treafurer or perfons, fhall prefume to take any more than the feveral fums or paymafter herein-before allowed and directed to be taken, in the different of the navy, events fpecified, for the charges of probates, letters of adminiftra- Penalty on tion, commiftions, and requifuions, in the manner herein particu- prodfcors, &c. larly mentioned and expreffed, the perfon or perfons fo offending tha^the*predial 1 forfeit to the party aggrieved the fum of fifty pounds, to be feribed fums recovered with full cofts of fuit, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or for probates, information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefimin- &c* and Jler, or elfewhere; or if any regifter or other officer of any eccle- on officers of fiaftical court fhall knowingly and wilfully be aiding or affifting cafe^urt^ro-in procuring probate of the will or letters of adminiftration, For curing pro-the purpofe of enabling any perfon or perfons to receive the wages, bates, See. pay, prize money, or allowance of money of any kind due, op contrary to becoming due for the fervices of any petty officer, leaman, non- ^Geo"’ commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, on board any fhip or % e *3* • . * fhips, then or formerly belonging to his Majefty or his predecef-fors, or heirs and fucceffors, otherwife than in the manner pre-feribed by this adt, and the other adt herein-before mentioned, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, every fuch prodtor, regifter, or other officer, fhall for ever after be incapable of adting as prodtor, regifter, or in any other capacity, in any ecclefiaftical court in Great Britain, and fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, fo be fued for, recovered, and levied, by adfion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjlsr, and one half of every fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall be and belong to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and one half to him or them who fhall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXXV.	Provided always, and fie it further enadted by the au-thoriy aforefaid, That whenever any extraordinary pains, trouble, or expence has attended the fuing out letters of adminiftration, or may^aftowT letters of adminiftration with will annexed, to the widows or next reaibnahle of kin, or probates of wills to the executors of any fuch petty officers charge for orfeamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, or marines, the ^x^nces0^? prodtor or prodtors who have fued out the fame may, in conlider- exPences> sftion thereof, make an addition, in proportion to the faid extraordinary painsy trouble., and expence* to his of fheir bill of charges and -7" i » ■	,	-	expencesj

The treafurer or paymafter

Hosted by

Google

540 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. e.35. [1792.

expences, and which appearing reafonable, the infpe&or (hall allow and pafs the fame ; but if the fame flialL appear unreafonable or exorbitant to the treafurer or paymafter of the navy, in that cafe the faid bill of charges and expences fhall be returned to Dott&rs Commons, to be checked and taxed as aforefaid by the regifters, or any one of them, or by the deputy regifters, or any one of them, who are hereby dire&ed fo to do without fee or reward, unlefs the faid charges and expences fhall have arifen in confequence of any litigation or fuit refpe&ing the obtaining or filing out fuch letters of adminiftration, letters of adminiflration with will annexed, or probate of will, in which cafes the faid regifters, or deputy regifters, fhall be permitted to charge and take the aforefaid fee of three fhillings and four-pence.

So much of XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby exprefsly declared, 26Geo.3-c.63. That fo much of the faid a£! palled in the twenty-fixth year of as is not here- the reign of his prefent Majefty, as is not repealed by this by repealed, foal] remajn jn foil force and effedl. to continue m

force‘	CAP.	XXXV.

An a<5t for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the con-folidated fund ; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the .year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two ; for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefiion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills* lottery tickets; certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders loft, burnt, or other* wife deftroyed.

2,300,0061. may be iftued out of the confolidated fund; which maybe raifed by leans or exchequer bills on the credit of the faid fund. Money lent on iecurity of this ait not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to .be ftruck, &c. Orders for repayment to be regiftered and paid in courfe. Ko fee to be taken for regiftering, Sec. on penalty of treble value and cofts, and alio lofs of place. For undue preference in regiftering, &c. liable to a&ion, and to pay the value of the debt with full eofts, and to be forejudged his office; but deputy only liable, and auditor and clerk of the pells and tellers of the exchequer liable to the fame. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the fame date brought the fame day, are entered firft, fo they are all entered ; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be referved to difeharge them. Orders aflignable. Treafury may order .the fum hereby granted to be raiftd by exchequer bills, in the manner preferibed by the land tax adf of the prefent l'efiions; the provifions of which a<ft (except fuch as charge the bills on the land tax, and limit the rate of intereft) to ektend to this. Bills and intereft, See, to be difeharged out of the confolidated fund. The bank may advance money on the credit of this adt. 155,495b 19s. aq furplus or the confolidated fund, on Jan. 5, 1792 ; and 436,107b ns. 2d furplus of ditto on April 5, 179a, to be iftued towards the fupply. Monies railed by the land tax, malt a<ft, loans, 3,500.000b further loans,

2,000	cool, lottery; 155^4951. 19s. 2q. furplus of the confolidated fund on Jan. 5, 179a; 436,107b 11s. 2d. furplus of ditto on April 5, 1792; and 2,300 ocob hereby granted out of the confolidated fund, fhall be ap-:	plied	(with	the	refidue	of	the file of French prizes) to the ufes hereafter

expreffed. 1.854,482b for naval fervices 1792.	131,000b	for	navy	debt.

877b ns. 2d. for land fervice of the ordnance prior to Dec. 31, 1783. 43 225] 18s. 5d. for land fervice of the ordnance, in 1790. 377,898b is. 8d, for land fervice of the ordnance, in 1792. 1,814,800b os. 4d. lor land forces; viz. 285:064b 12s. 9d. 2q. for 17,013 effective men, officers, See0 in Great Britain, from Dec. 25, 1791, to June 24, 1792; and 275,140b

19s. 3d. for 15,701 effective men, from June 45 to. Dec. 24? *79* I : '

Hosted by Google

54i

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 35.

170,193I. 9s. 6d. for forces in the plantations, Sec. from Dec. 25, 1791, to June 24, 1792 ; and 149,2941. 13s. 5d. for thofe forces from June 25 to Dec. 24, 1792; 4,2501. 128. 8d. difference between Britifh and Irilh efta-blifhments of feven battalions ferving in North America, Sec. from Dec.

25, 1791, to June 24, 1792 ; and 2,9031. 4s. 7-d. for thofe battalions, from June 24 to Dee. 24, 1792; 8,345b 16s. 2d. for regiments ferving in the Eaft Indies, for 1792.	98,037b	15s.	for	recruiting	land	forces,	and	con-

tingencies, See. 15,064b us. for fupernumary officers; 6,437b os. 6d. for general and ftaff officers in Great Britain; 52,338b 5s. 2d. to the pay-mafter general, fecretary at war, Sec. 159,797b 10s. for reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 202b 10s. for reduced officers, &c. of the horfe guards ; 3,161b 10s. iod. for officers late in the fervice of the ftates general; 55,092b 10s. for reduced officers of the Britifh American forces; and 4,007b 10s. for allowances to them; 173,104b 3s. nd. for Chelfea hofpital; 9,381b 13s. iod. for widows penfions; 1,785b 3s. 8d. for gar*> rifon officers, &c. in 1791; 340,306). 8s. for extraordinaries of the army, in 1791.	3,500,000b	to	pay off exchequer bills, 31 Geo. 3. 2,000,000b

to difeharge further ditto, ditto. 26,043b 3s. 3d. iffued in purfuance of addreffes of the houfe of commons. 5,376b 17s. 6d. for the civil eftab-lifhment of Nova Scotia, from the firft of January 1792, to the firft of January 1793.	4,520b	for	New	Brunfwick,	from	the	24th	of	June 1792,

to the 24th of June 1793. 2,020b for the ifland of Saint John in America, from the firft of January 1792, to the firft of January 1793. i,8ool. for .Cape Breton, from the 24th of June 1792, to the 24th of June 1793.

1,306b 7s 6d. for Newfoundland, to defray the falaries of the governor and civil officers, from the firft of April -1792, to the firft of April 1793.

4,180b for the Bahama iflands, for defraying the charge of the civil eftab'*-lifhment in addition to the falaries now paid out of the duty fund, from the firft of January, 1792, to the firft of January, 1793. 580b to the chief justice, of Bermuda, or Somers Iflands, from the 24th of June 1792, to the 24th of June 1793. 600b to the chief juftice of Dominica, from the firft of January 1792, to the firft of January 1793.	6	565b	7s.	for the civil

eftablifhment of Upper Canada, from the 31ft of December 1791, to the 31ft of December 1792. 4,726b for the civil eftablifhment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1792, to the 10th of October 1793.

13,000b for forts in Africa. 4,660b for roads and bridges, in the high-lands of North Britain. ioo,oool. to difeharge exchequer bills 31 Geo. 3. made out for expences of augmentation of the forces 1790. 400,000b towards the rediiaion of the national debt. 6,401b 4s. 8d. 2q. iffued to the reprefentatives of H. and J. Bradley, efquires, for convi&s in Langftone and Portfmouth harbours. 17,023b 17s. 2d. iffued to Duncan Campbell, efq; for convi&s on the Thames. 22,179b 12s. 6d. for provifions fent to New South Wales, Sec. iooh iffued to the fecretary of the commiffioners under the Have adfc. 6,347b 11s. 6d. for the expences of trial of Warren Haftings, efq; 1,926b 9s. iod. 3q. iffued to Thomas Cotton, efq; to pay bills of exchange by direction of the treafury. 4,141b 11s. 7d. 3q. for compenfation to owners of fhips in the African flave trade. 9,819b 18s.

7d. for extraordinary expences of the mint in 1791.	707b	3s. 8d. for

profecuting offenders againft the coin laws. 10,329b 156. 4d. for prefents to inhabitants of the north weft coaft of America. 12,262b 19s. 9d. for ]pffes on evacuating the Mufquito fhoreb 284,992b 15s. 5d. 2q. to be iffued as follows, viz. 224)7871. 7s. nd. 2q. for part of orders made out for the relief of American fufferers, purfuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40; and 60,205b 7s'. 6d. for ditto, made out purfuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. 28,0001. to Thomas Cotton, efq; for relief of American fufferers. 436,990b 18s. od. 2q. for deficiency of grants for the year 1791. Supplies to be applied for the purpofes before mentioned. Rules to be obferved in the application of the firm granted for half pay. By 31 Geo. 3. c. 41. 155,287b 5s.

5d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1791. The overplus of which lum may be difpofed of to officers maimed, Sec. as his Ma-jefty fhall diretft. Duplicates of exchequer bills, See. loft, may be made out 09 affidavits being made before the barons of the exchequer prior to P<ft. 1, 1792, &c.

• CAP,

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georg n III. c. 36—38. [1792:

C A P. XXXVI.

An adto continue feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to the dif-continuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and greafe ; to the free importation of certain raw hides and fkins from Ireland and the Britifh plantations in America; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenlils made ufe of in the iron and fteel manufactures of this kingdom ; and to prevent the feducing of artificers and workmen employed in thofe manufactures to go into parts beyond the feas ; to the better regulating of pilots, for the conducting of fhips and vefiels from Dover, Deal, and the I lie of Thanet; to the ascertain ing the ftrength of Spirits by Clark’s hydrometer ; and to the allowing the importation of feal lkins, cured with foreign fait, free of duty.

7 Geo. 3. c. 12. to discontinue the duties payable upon-the importation of tallow, &c. continued to March 25, 1794, &c. So much of 9 Geo. 3, c. 39. as relates to free importation of raw hides and lkins from Ireland and the Britilh plantations in America, continued to June 1, 1796, &c. 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. extending to other tools and utenfils, and 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. continued to the end of the next fefiion. 3 Geo. 1. c. 13. for regulating’ pilots of Ihips from Dover, &c. and 7 Geo. 1. c. 21. fed. 14. for further regulating fuch pilots, continued to March 24, 1806, &c. So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as directs that all fpirits Shall be deemed of the ftrength denoted by Clark's hydrometer, continued to the end of the next fefiion. 31 Geo. 3. c. 26. allowing the importation of feal lkins, cured with foreign fait, duty-free, continued to June 14, 1798, &c,.

CAP. XXXVII.

An ad for making perpetual an ad made in the twenty-Seventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An aCt for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandife, in the ports of Kinglton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in’ the ifland of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada, in the port of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, and in the port of Nafiau in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands, under certain regulations and reftridions.”

CAP. XXXVIII.

An ad for building a bridge over the river South Elk, at or near the town of Montrofe, in the county of Forfar; and for making fuitable approaches thereto.

Commiflioners. Commiflioners to be appointed in place of thofe who die or do not accept, by the furvivors or acceptors. Commiflioners appointed to ad, if all the perfons before named or appointed lhall die. Firft meeting of the commiflioners to be on the firft Tuefday in July 1792. Three commiflioners may adjourn. Commiflioners may call extraordinary meetings. Power to enforce payment of the fubfeription money. Commif-fioners may contract for building a bridge or bridges. Commiflioners to caufe the bridge or bridges to be built. Draw bridge to be made. Ferry of Ferryden to ceafe when the bridge is completed and paflable. Commiflioners empowered to contract for the purchafe of lands, &c. Perfons in-, capacitated may neverthelefs treat with the commiflioners. If owners, &c. negled or refuie to treat, commiflioners may fettle therecompence. Settling the recompense and damages, not to flop the works. Purchafe money to be paid out of the tolls, or out of the money raifed for the purpofes of this ad. Money belonging to heirs of entail, life-renters, See, to be ferved for all interefted by the court of fefllon. Turnpikes to be ered^d and tolls taken, viz. For every pevfon on foot, one halfpenny. Every horfe, laden or unladen, three-pence ; but if belonging to an inhabitant of Montrofe, two-pence halfpenny. Coach and fix horfes, 2s. 3d. ditto and four horfes, is. 9d. ditto and pair, is. 3d.but if belonging to an inhabitant of Montrofe, is. Chaife with two wheels and two horfes,

9.d*

Hosted by Google

I792*] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeorGII III. c. 39,40.' 543

9d. Chaife with one horfe, 6d. Waggons, with feven horfes, loaded, 4s.

Do. unloaded, as. Do. loaded, with fix horfes, as. 6d. Do. Unloaded, is. 6d, Do. loaded, with four or five horfes, is. 6d. Do. unloaded, 6d-.

Do. loaded, with two horfes, 9d. Do. unloaded, 3d. Carts with four horfes, loaded, 8d. Do. unloaded, 4d. Do. with two horfes, loaded, 4d.

Do. unloaded, ad. Do. with one horfe, loaded, 3d. Do. unloaded, id.

Sheep or goats, per fcore, 6d. Ox or cow each, id. Calf or hog each, i farthing. Money how to be veiled, and tolls levied by diftrefs. Carts loaded with manure, to pay half tolls. The following perfons exempt from tolls, viz. foldiers on their march, conftables or fheriffs officers with vagrants, &c. perfons going to do ftatute duty, and horfes and carriages carrying the mail. Forty /hillings penalty upon unduly claiming exemption. Power to let the tolls on leafe. Penalty on evading payment of tolls, twenty fhillings. Application of the money. Power to diminifh the tolls. Power to borrow money, on the credit of the tolls. Aflignments may be transferred by indorfement. Aflignrtients to be entered in a book.

Notice to be given of borrowing money. Commiflioners may appoint officers. Treafurer and other officers to give fecurity. Power to take materials from wafte grounds. Perfons who do damage to the bridge, how to be punifhed. Matters of veflejs made anfwerable for damages done by their crews. Commencement of the a<tt, the firft Tuefday in July 179a. Mode of levying penalties. Perfons may appeal to the quarter feffions. Juftices may aCt though they are commiflioners. Proceedings of commiflioners to be entered in books. Tolls to be paid by foot paf-fengers to ceafe when the money borrowed is paid off. a,oool. to be fet apart for keeping bridge in repair, and then it is to be free, unlefs fome accident happen to the bridge. Limitation of actions. Full cofts. Pub-lick aCt.

CAP. XXXIX.

An aCt to enable the inhabitants of the parifh of Saint Botolph without Alderfgate, in the city of Loltdon, to raife money for paying and dif-charging the debts that have been contracted in repairing their pariih church, and building a new workhoufe.

i6,a75l. to be raifed with intereft at 5I. per cent, to difcharge debts due.

Truftees appointed; to receive and apply the rates ; and to grant warrant for diftrefs on non-payment. How differences are to be determined ; and how collectors are to be chofen. Collector to give fecurity, and to have three-pence in the pound for collecting. Collector to pay over the fums received ; and enter them in a book or books. To oblige the collectors to account; and to aCt. Money may be raifed by annuities for lives, or on bonds at intereft. Annuities not fubjeCt to taxes. Annuities and lenders names, and the purchafe money, and fums borrowed on bonds, to be entered in books; and the fums paid and lent by them ; to which the purchaiers may have recourfe. Purchafers to have orders of payment.

Annuities and bonds affignable. When any of the annuities drop, a Turn equal to the original price thereof may be raifed by fale of other annuities, and applied in payment of the bonds. Rates. Houfes let out indifferent apartments how to be aflefled. For exempting tythes from payment of church rate. Rates to veft in creditors and annuitants, in cafe of nonpayment of debts and annuities. Truftees impowered to relieve poor inhabitants. Collectors to infpeCt land tax and poor’s rate books. Choice of new truftees. Rates to ceafe when the debt of 16,075!. and intereft is paid, and the annuities determined. Truftees to meet in the parifh church on the 14th of June 179a, and to defray their own charges. Proceedings not to be quaftied fqr want of form, or removeable by certiorari. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Pubiick aCt.

CAP. XL.

An cliff for amending the laws of	excife relating to the. of

flint glafs,

WHEREAS

Hosted by Google

544 Anno regnl trlcefimo fecundo GeoRGH III. c. 40. [1792.

Preamble.

Makers of flint glafs to be allowed three hours after the time fpecified in the notice, for be ginning to fill pots with materials.

i-4th at leaft of the metal fpecifiedin the notice to be put into pots within fix hours after beginning to charge them, on penalty of 50I.

WHEREAS certain regulations, not required in other cafes, are neceffary in the making of filnt glafs; be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every maker of flint glafs, who (hall have given any notice for beginning to fill or charge any pot or pots with metal or materials for the making of flint glafs, in the manner required by law, {hall be allowed the fpace of three hours next after the time and hour fpecified in fuch notice, before he, fhe, or they {hall be required to begin to fill or charge fuch pot or pots with fuch metal or materials, and fuch beginning to fill or charge fuch pot or pots with fuch metal or materials, within three hours next after the time and hour fpecified in fuch notice, {hall be deemed and taken to be a beginning to fill and charge fuch pot or pots, according to and under fuch notice, any thing in any former or adfs of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That every maker of flint glafs who {hall give any fuch notice for beginning to fill or charge any pot or pots for the making of flint glafs (hall, within fix hours next after the time and hour at which he, {he, or they {hall begin to fill or charge fuch pot or pots, put into fuch pot or pots one fourth part at the leaft of the true weight of the metal or preparation, fpecified in fuch notice as being to be made ufe of in the making of flint glafs, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds for every tfegledf or refufal thereof.	'

One hour’s III, And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ScTofunftop lt not lawful for any maker or makers of flint glafs to ping pots, to tmftop or take down any ftopper from his, her, or their pot ot be given to the pots, containing any metal or preparation for the making of flint excife officer, glafs, unlefs notice in writing {hall, by the fpace of one hour next °”j Penalty before he, fhe, or they {hall fo unftop fuch pot or pots, or take down any luch ftopper from any fuch pot or pots, be given to

the officer or officers of excife under whofe furvey he, {he, or they fhall then be, of his, her, or their intention fo' to do, lpeci-fying therein the particular time and hour when and at which any pot or pots is or are intended to be unftopped, or any fuch ftopper or ftoppers is or are intended to be taken down, on pain1 pf for-

feiting the fum of fifty pounds for every negledt or refufal to give fuch notice as aforefaid.

If pots are not begun to be unftopped purfuant to notice, frefli notice muft be given.

IV. Provided always, That if any fuch pot or pots, fo intended to be unftopped, and whereof fuch notice fhall have been given, fhall not be begun to be unftopped purfuant to fuch notice, then* and in every fuch cafe and cafes, fuch notice or notices reflectively {hall be null, void, and of no effect, and all and every maker and makers of flint glafs, who, after the expiration of the time mentioned in fuch notice, {hall unftop or take down any fuch ftopper from any fuch pot or pots, without having firft given a; new or like notice as aforefaid of his,- her, or their intention t6

unftop

Hosted by Google

Anno regni trieefimo fecui^o ^oroij III. ^ ,4©.’	545

unftop or take down any fucji ftopper or ftoppers from any fuch pot or pots, (hall, in every fuch cafe* incur and be fubje^f to the like penalty and forfeiture as if he, the, or they had not thereof given any notice at all,

V.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein-before contained fhall Penalty not to extend, or be deemed or con ft rued to extend, tp fubjedt any maker extend to the or makers of flint glafs to the faid penalty of fifty pounds, for or by

reafon of his, her, or their unftopping or taking down any ftopper may happen from any fuch pot which may happen to crack or break whilft the to crack, Sec. fame is filled or charged with any metal or preparation, for the foie purpofe of preventing the lofs of fuch metal or preparation, or from any other pot or po,ts, for the foie purpofe of difeovering fitch broken pot or pots, any" thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein-before contained fhall nor to the un-

extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to fubjedl any	em

maker or makers of flint glafs to the faid penalty of fifty pounds, hours from for or by reafon of his, her, or their * unftopping or taking down the time of any ftopper or ftoppers from any pot or pots, during the‘time of beginning to the filling or charging any fuch pot or pots, and within thirty- cnarSe t ern' fix hours from the time of his, her, or their having begun to fill

or charge fuch pot or pots, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That On giving fix

it fhall and may be lawful to and for all and every maker and hoursprevrous makers of flint glafs, (on his, her, or their giving to the officer ofmetalwhich or officers of excife, under whofe furvey, he, £he or they fhall has paid the then be, fix hours previous notice in writing of his, her, or their duty may be intention fo to do), to glaze, or caufe to be glazed, any new pot Put mtoany or pots previoufly gauged, and taken an account of by the proper thepr^feiiceof officer or officers of excife, and fpecified in fuch notice, and for the officer, for that purpofe to take from and out of any other pot any quantity the purpofe of of metal, on which the duty has been charged, not exceeding	it:>

forty pounds weight in the whole, and to put fuch metal immediately, in the prefence of fuch officer or officers, into fuch new

pot or pots for the foie purpofe of glazing the fame, without fuch maker or makers of flint glafs being liable to any further duty for or in refpe£t of fuch metal fo put into fuch new pot or pots for the purpofe .aforefaid, or without incurring, any penalty for beginning to fill or charge fuch new pot without notice.

VIII.	And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforefaid, That an4 on like it fhall and maybe lawful to and for all and every maker and ofunftained* makers of flint glafs, (on his, her, or their giving to the officer metal may be or officers of excife, under whole furvey, he, (he, or they fhall ufed for the then be, fix hours previous notice in writing of his, her, or their purpofe of intention ip, to do), to cleanfe any pot or pots in which any ftain-

ed glafs h^th been melted, and fpecified in fuch notice, by taking p0{#	.

any quantity of unftained metal on which the duty has been .charged, not exceeding ten pounds weight in the whole, and by lading and unlading the fame in the prefence of fuch officer or officers into and from fuch pot for tfiat purpofe, and by repeating

fuch

Hosted by Google

546 Anno regni tricefimo fecunrdoOEokGii III. 41. [1794;

fuch operations in the prefence of fuch officer or officers, until fuch pot (hall be fufficiently cleanfed, without incurring any penalty for beginning to charge fuch pot without notice.

How penalties IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That aretobereco- aj] penalties and forfeitures impofed or created by this act, {hall vered and ap- pue(j por^ ^0^^ levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means,’ p *	or methods, as any fine; penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for;

recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfer, or in the court of etf-quer in Scotland, refpectively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture {hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who {hall inform, difcover, or fue for the fame.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Powers of it That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties; for-&c. to* extend ^e‘tures> c^aul'es5 matters, and things, which in and by an act

made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the court of wards and fairies, and tenures in Capite, and by knights fervice, and purvey-ance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majefty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, are provided and eftablifhed for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or afcer-taining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than, in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and prefcribed by this act), {hall be practifed, ufed, and put in execution, in,and for the managing, raifing, levying, collectings mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties by this act impofed, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clau-fes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this prefent act.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That this act {hall commence and take effect from and immediately after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two*

to this act.

Act to commence from Jul7 Si *792*

CAP. XLI.

An aft to exempt whale oil, and other articles therein mentioned\ and fold by auftion in Great Britain, from the duty impofed on fuch fates.

Preamble. \T7HEREAS by an aft, paffed in the twenty feventh year of £7Geo.3.c.i3. VV the reign of his prefent Majefly, for repealing the feveral recited. duties of cuftcms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, an excife duty is chargeable for and upon all fates by way of auftion in Great Britain, of any goods or chattels, according to the refpeftive rates therein expreffed; and whereas it is expedient, that further exemption from the faid duty jhould be made in favour of certain article s, other than Juch as are now exempted from the fame:

b@

Hosted by Google

l792'] Anno regni trioefimo fauBdo&go&Glj JIL-c. 42.	547

be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and-after the fifth day From July y, of July, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, ail whale T792> whale oil, whale bone, ambergris, and head-matter, and all /kins of feals and other animals living in the lea, fhall be free of the faid empted from duty on the firft fale thereof by auction in Great Britain \ and the duty on alfo that all elephants teeth, palm oil, dying woods, drugs, and auctions im-other articles for dyers ufe, and all mahogany and other unma-nufadfured wood for the ufe of cabinet-makers, and other manufacturers, imported in Briti/h /hips from Africa, or from any Britijb fettlement abroad, /hall be free of the faid duty on the fir/b fale of iiich goods by auction, by or for the account of the original importer to whom the fame were configned, and by whom they were entered at the cuftom houfe at the port of importation, fb as fuch fale be made within twelve months after fuch goods fliall be imported, and by fome perfon duly licenfed to exercife the trade or bufinefs of an auctioneer.

C A P. XLII.

An afl to empower the high court of chancery to lay out a further fun of the fuitors jnoney upon properfecurities, andfor applying the inter eft towards difebarging the expences of the office of the accountant general, and for building offices for the rnafters in ordinary in chancery, and a publick office for the fuitors of the faid court, and offices for the fecretarics of bankrupts and lunaticks, and for building re-pofttories for fecuring the title deeds of the Jidtors of the faid court, and the records and proceedings of the commiffoners of bankrupts and lunaticks.

'HERE AS by an a£l of parliament, made and paffed in the Preamble. twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An a£t to impower the high court of chancery to iz Geo, lay out, upon proper fecurities, any monies, not exceeding a furn therein limited, Out of the common and general cafh in the bank of, England belonging to the fuitors of the faid court, for the eafe of the faid fuitois, by applying the intereft^arifing therefrom for anlwering the charges of the oftice of the accountant general of- the faid court, it was ena&cd, Thai, out of the cajh that . then lay, or Jbould thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank fl/'England, belonging to the fuitors of the court of chancery, a turn not exceeding thirty-five thoufand pounds Jbould and might, by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court to be made for that purpofe, from time to time, be placed out in one entire furn, or in par-• celsv on fuch government or parliamentary fecurities as, in and by,fuch order or orders, Jbould be directed, to the intent that the inter eft and ,annual prof is arifing from the money Jo to be placed out as apt efaid ■ might be applied for the purpofes therein after mentioned : and it was -thereby further emitted. That the inter eft and annual profits, arifing and to■ be produced from the faid fecurities, jhould, from time to time, vhe received by the governor and company cf the bank tf/'England, and , Voj..jJCXXVIf,	Go	be

54® Atino regni t-ric^rmTO fccundo Georgii III. g, 42- [1792,

he placed to the credit of an account^ to be rtiijed in the books kept there for the fuitors of the faid courts of interejl arifing from money placed out in purfuance of that aft \. and that out of fuel? inter ejl money and annual profits there jhould be paid) by quarterly payments^ the annual Jum of one thoujand and twenty pounds^ which payment Jhould be made by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of chancery to be made for that purpofe ; (videlicet), To the accountant general of the court of chancery the fum of fix hundred and fifty pounds; to his firjl clerk, the fum of two hundred and fifty pounds ; to his fecond clerk, the Jum of one hundred and twenty pounds ; and that the refidue of the interejl and annual profits arifing and to be produced from the J'aidfecurities Jhould be accounted for and taken as part of the common and general cajh of and belonging to the^fuitors of the faid court of chancery, and Jhould be ijfued and applied purfuant and according to the direftions of a certain aft of parliament therein recited of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firjl, intituled) An ad for relief of the fuitors of the high court of chancery : and whereas by an aft of parliament, made and pa fed in the fourth year of the reign 4Geo.3.c.33. of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An ad to impower the high court of chancery to lay put, upon proper fecurities, a further fum of money, not exceeding a fum therein limited, out of the common apd general cafh in the bank of England belonging to the fuitors of the faid court; and for applying the intereft arifing therefrom towards anfwering the charges of the office of the ac~ ebuntant general of the faid court, it was enafted, That out of the cajh that then lay, or Jhould thenafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank of England, belonging to the fuitors of the court of chancery', a Jum not exceeding five thoufand pounds Jhould and mighty by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court, to be made for that purpofe from time to time, be placed out in one entire fum, or in par cels, on fuch gevermnent or parliamentary fecurities as in and by fuch order or or-ders foould be direft ea\ to the intent that the inter ejl and annual pro* fits arifing from the money, fo to be placed cut as aforefaid, might- be applied for the purpojes therein after 7nenticned: and it was thereby further enafted, That the interejl and annual profits arifing and to be produced from the faid fecurities Jhouldrfrom time to time^ be received by the governor and company of the bank of England^ and be placed to the credit of the fame account as was raij'ed in the books kept therefor the fuitors of the Jdid court by virtue of the Jaid aft herein-before mentioned., of interejl arifing from, money placed out in purfuance of the faid aft of the twelfth year of King George the Second; and that cut of fuch interejl money and annual profits there Jhould be paid) by quarterly payments, by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of chancery to be made for that purpofe^ the annual fum cf one hundred and twenty pounds to the faid accountant generals- third clerk \ and that the refidue of the interejl and annual profits arifing,and to be produced from the faid fecurities, Jhould be accounted for and taken as part of the common and general cajh of, and belonging to-the fuitors of the faid court of chancery r and fhouldbe ijj'md .and applied purfuant and according to the , ... .	.	'	' direftions

Hosted by Google

1792.3 Anno regni tricefimo fccundo Georgii IIIl c 42;	549

Air eft ions of the Jaid aft of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firft: and whereas hy an a ft of parliament, made and paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An a£t to impower the high court of chancery to lay 5 Geo. 3,0,^. out, on government fecurities, a fum of money therein mentioned, out of the common and general cafh in the bank of England belonging to the fuitors of the faid court; and to apply the in-tereft arifing therefrom towards augmenting the income of the matters of the faid court, it was enabled. That out of the cajh that* then lay, or Jhould thenafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank of England, belonging to the fuitors of the faid court oj' chancery, a fum not exceeding eighty thoufand pounds jhould and might, by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court to be made for that purpofe from time to time, be placed out in one entire fum, or in parcels, on fuch government or parliamentary fecurities as in and by fuch order or orders Jhould be directed; to the intent that the inter eft and annual produce, arifing from the money fio to be placed out as aforefaid, might be applied for the purgofes therein-after mentioned: and it was thereby further enabled. That the inter eft and annual produce arifing from the faid fecurities Jhould, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank ^England, and placed to the credit of an account, to be raifed in the books kept therefor the fuitors of the faid court, of interejl arifing from money placed out in purfuance of that aft ; and that out of fuch inter eft and annual produce there Jhould be paid by half-yearly payments, by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or ordtrs of the court of chancery to be made for that purpofe, the annual Junt of two hundred pounds to each and every of the eleven of the majlers in ordinary of the faid court of chancery, free from parliamentary taxes 3 and that, the refidile of the inter ejl and annual produce arifing from the faid fecurities, Jhould be accounted for and taken as part of the common and general cajh of and belonging to the fuitors of the faid court cf chancery, and Jhould be ijfued and appliedpurjuant and according to the direftions contained in the Jaid aft of parliament of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firjl: and whereas by an aft of parliament, made and paffed in the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An a 61 to impowet the high court 9 Geo, 3. c. jj>. of chancery to lay out, upon government fecurities, a further fum of money, not exceeding a fum therein limited, out of the common and general cafh in the bank of England belonging to the fuitors of the laid court; and to apply the intereft ariling therefrom towards anfwering the charges of the office of the account-

O	#	O

ant general of the faid court, it ivas enafted, That, out of the cajh that then lay or Jhould thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank ^England, belonging to the Juitors of the court of chancery, a fum not exceeding twenty thoufand pounds Jhould and might, by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court to be made for that purpofe, from Tune to time, be placed out in one entire fum, or in parcels, in fuch government or parliamentary fecurities as in and by Juch order or orders fimild be direfted, to the intent that the inter ejl and annual product arifing from the money fo to be placed out as aforefaid, might be

Q 0 2	applied

Hosted by Google

55° Anno regni tricefirtio fecundo Georgii III. c. 42. [1792.

applied for the purpofes therein after-mentioned: and it was thereby further enacted. That the intereji and annual produce arifing from the faid fecurities Jhouldy from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank England, and placed to the credit of the fame account which was raifcd in the books kept there, for the fuit.ors of the faid courts by virtue of the faid recited aft of parliament of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, of inter eft arifing from money placed out in purfuance of that aft; and that out of'.fuck inter eft and annual produce, there Jhould be paid, by quarterly payments, the annual fun offour hundred and fixty pounds, which payment Jhould be made by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of chancery to be made for that purpofe ; (videlicet), To the accountant general of the court of chancery the fum of two hundred and fifty pounds ; to his frfl clerk, the fum of fifty pounds ; to his fecond clerk, the fum of forty pounds; and to his fourth clerk, the fum of one hundred and twenty pounds; and that the refidue of the inter eft and annual produce arifing from the faid fecurities fi)oidd be accounted for as there-in-after is mentioned: and it was thereby further enafted, That the furplus inter eft that had arifen and jhould or might arife from the fecurities, purchafed and to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid herein-before recited afts of parliament, and of the now reciting aft, together with the inter eft that Jhould be produced from the fecurities to be purchafed with fuch furplus inter eft, Jhould or might by any order or orders of the faid court of' chancery to be made for that purpofe, from time to time, be placed out on government fecurities, and that the interejl or annual produce arifing frojn the faid fecurities Jhould, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of ^England, and fo much thereof as Jhould arife from fecurities to hi purchafed with the furplus inter eft, produced and to be produced from fecurities purchafed in purfuance of the faid afts of the tzvelfth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, and of the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and to be purchcfed in purfuance of the now reciting aft, Jhould be placed to the credit of an account, to be raijed in the books kept at phe bank for the fuitors of the faid court, of fecurities purchafed with the furplus money placed to the account of inter eft arifing from monies placed out in purfuance of an aft of parliament, pafifed in the twelfth year of his late majefly King George the. Second: and fo much thereof as Jhould arife from fecurities to be purchafed with the furplus inter eft produced and to be produced from fecurities purchafed in purfuance of the faid aft of the. fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, 'jhould be placed to the credit of an account, to be raifed in the faid books kepi in the bank, of jecurit ies purchafed with the furplus money placed to the account of in^ iercjl arifing from monies placed out in purfuance of an aft of parliament pajfed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly : and whereas by an aft, puffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his 14Cec.3x.43. prefent Majefy, intituled, An a£l for rebuilding the office of the fix clerks of the King’s court of chancery; and for erecting offices for the regifler and accountant general of the faid court, for the better prefer ving the records* decrees, orders, and books *	, of

1792.] Anno regnr tricefimo fecundo Georcii III, c. 42.	551

of account kept in fuch offices, it was enacted, That out of the cajh belonging to the fuitors of the Jaid court of chancery, which then lay or Jhould thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank of England, a fum not exceeding fifty thoufand pounds Jhould and might, by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court to be made for that purpofe, from time to time be placed out in one entire fum, or in parcels, on fuch government or parliamentary fecurities as in and by fuch orders jhould be directed, to the intent that the inter eft and annual produce arjfmg from the money fo to be placed out might be applied for the purpofes therein-after mentioned: and it was thereby further enabled (among other things) That, out of - the fecurities pur chafed with the furplus money placed to the accoiotf'jf interejl arijing from monies placed out in pursuance of the faid atfiff the twelfth year of his late majefty King George the Second, andlfut of the interef produced and to be pro~ ducedfrom fuch fecurities, and alfo out of the fecurities pur chafed with the furplus money, placed to the account of interefl ariftng fro?n mottles placed out in purfnance of the fatd alt of the fifth year of the reign of his prefent MajeJly, and out of the interef produced and to be produced from fuch fecurities, and out of the furplus interef which Jhould arife or be producedfrom fecurities pur chafed in purfuance of the faid fever al alls of the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majefy, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and out of the interef ivbich Jhould arife or be produced from fecurities to be purchafed in purfuance of the faid a£l of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefy, fuch fu?n or fums of money as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commiffioners\ for the cuflody of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being Jhould, in his and their diferetion, deem neceffary, Jhould be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court, and be applied, under the direct tion of the Jaid court, in the fir ft place, in paying and defraying the charges and expences attending the pafjing and obtaining of that all, and then in rebuilding the faid office called The Six Clerks Office, with the offices belonging thereto, and in pur chafing ground and houfes for that purpoje, if any Jhould Ee deemed neceffary by the faid court, and in providing a proper place for trunfailing the bufnefs of the faid fix clerks office during the time fuch ofee fhould be rebuilding, and the fum often thou fund pounds in erecting proper and convenient offices for the faid regifier and accountant general of the Jaid court, feparate and ■detached from each other, and in pur chafing fuch ground andhoufes asfoould be neceffary for thofe purpofes, and for prejerving the ancient books of entries of decrees and orders of the faid court: and zvhereas by an all, paffed in the fifteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, ‘

A11 a£f for vehing pare of the garden of the fociety of Lincoln's 15Geo.3*0.23. Inn, in the county of Middlefex, in the accountant general of the court of chancery, and his fucceflbrs, for ever, for the purpofe of erecting thereon offices for the accountant general arid for the regirter of the faid court, it was enabled. That the charges and expences attending the paffing and obtaining that all Jhould be paid and defrayed out of the fame funds, and in like manner as the charges and ' expences attending the pajfing and obtaining the faid all of the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majef y are di veiled to be paid:

0 0.3	and.

Hosted by Google

55a Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 42. [1792.-

and whereas by an aft, puffed in the faid fifteenth year of his prefent JiGeo.3.c.56. Majejiy, intituled, An aft for applying -the funds provided for rebuilding the ojfices of the fix clerks of the King’s court of chancery, by an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign ofhis prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for rebuilding the office of the fix clerks of the King's court of chancery \ and for erefting offices for the regijler and accountant-general of the faid court, for the better preferving the records, decrees, orders, and books of account kept in fuch offices \ in building offices for the faid fix clerks in the garden of Lincoln’s Inn, inftead of rebuilding the prefent fix clerks office in Chancery Laneand for other purpofes; it is enafted, That out of the fecurities pur chafed with the fur plus money mentioned in the faid there'ni recited aft, of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty, and out of the inter eft produced and to be produced from fuch fecurities, and out of thefurplus inter ejl produced or to be produced from fecurities pur chafed in purfuance of the fever al ctfts, in the faid aft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majejiy mentioned^ and out of the inter ejl produced-) or to be produced, from fecurities pur chafed in purfuance of the faid aft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majejiy, fuch fum and fums of ??ioney as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commif-fipners for the cuflody of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, Jhould in his and their diferetion deem necefjary to be paid, by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court, and be applied under the direftion of the faid court, in paying and defraying the charges and expences attending the paffing and obtaining of the faid aft of the fifteenth year of his prefent Majejiy, and in pur-chafing the faid ground belonging to the Jociety ^. Lincoln’s Inn, therein before-mentioned and deferibed, and in building thereon an office for the faid fix clerks cmd the offices thereto belonging, as well as in carrying into execution the purpofes of the faid aft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majejiy, except fo much thereof as related to the re-building the faid fix clerks office, in the place where the fame then 17 eo.and except Jo far as the faid aft of the fourteenth year of his prefent Majejiy is ihereby altered or varied: and whereas by an aft of parliament, made and paffied in the /event eenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled. An 2ft to repeal an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of KingCharles the Second, intituled, The ma-Jler of the rolls empowered to make leafes for years, in order to new-build the old houfes belonging to the rods.', and for the Tetter, regur lating the method of granting leaf’s of the faid rolls cjlate for the future ; andfGr making compenfaiion to ther earl of Macclesfieldand fir Thomas Sewell for their beneficial rights and inter ejl in pertain leafes made of the, rolls cjlate % and for regulating the method of making leafes of the faid ejl ate for the future; it is enafted^ That out of the cajh belonging to the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, which then lay or Jhould thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the lank of England, there Jhould be paid, by virtue of 'an order or orders of the faid court of chancery, to be made for, that pur-pojje, fuch fum of money as the lord high ^chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords pomm iffimers for the cuflody

Hosted by Google

i 792.]Anno regni triccfimo fee undo Georgii III. c. 42.	553

of the great fcal of Great Britain, for the time beings Jhould, in his or their difcretion deem necejfary, and be applied under the direction of the faid court, in paying and defraying the charges and expences of and attending the pajjlng and obtaining of that act; and that out of the faid cajh belonging to the faidfuitors of the faid court of chancery ivhick then lay or Jhould thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bant ^/'England, there Jhould be paid, by virtue of an order or orders of the faid court of chancery to be made for that purpofe, to the right honourable the J'aid earl ^/'Macclesfield, his executors or adminiflra-tors, the fum of eight thoufand four hundred cind forty-nine pounds feven Jhillings and nine-pence halfpenny ; and to the faid fir Thom as Sewell, his executors or adminijlrators, the fum of twelve thouj'and five hundred and eighty pounds three Jhillings and one penny: and it was, by the faid aft nova reciting of the feventeenth year of his prefent Majejlyy further enafted, That from and after the time when the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commijfioners for the cufiody of the great feal of Great Britain, Jhould deem thepurpofe s of the faid afts, of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his prefent Majefyy to have been fully fatisfiedy the furplus interejl arifing, and which Jhould arife from monies placed out in purfuance -of the faid aft of the twelfth year of his late majefly King George the Second, and the furplus interejl arifng, and which Jhoidd arife from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid aft of the fifth year of his prefent Majefly, and the interejl arifing and which Jhould arife from monies placed out in purfuance of the faid aft of the fourteenth yedr of his prefent Majefly, jhould and might, by an order or orders of the faid court of chancery to be made for that purpofe, be appropriated and applied in and to the raifing and difeharging of the faid fums of eight thoufand four hundred and forty-nine pounds feven jhillings and nine-pence halfpenny, and twelve thoufand five hundred and eighty pounds three Jhillings and one penny, and of Juch fum or fums of money as Jhould be paid and applied in paying and defraying the charges and exp ences of, and attending the pajfing and obtaining of the faid now reciting aft of the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefly as aforefaid, until the fame Jhould be Jiilly raifecl, made up, and completed: and whereas the money paid out of the common and general cajh of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, for the purpofe of defraying the charges and exp ences of -the faicl aft of the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefly, and the faid fums of eight thoufand four hundred and forty-nine pounds feven fin I lings and nine-pence halfpenny, and twelve thoufand five hundred and eighty pounds three Jhillings and one penny, purjuant to the direftidns of the faid lafl mentioned aft, amount in the whole to the fum of twenty -one thoufand two hundred and 'ninety-five pounds thirteen Jhillings and two-pence: and whereas the fum of feventeen thoufand three hundred and forty-nine pounds flxteen Jhillings and fevcn-pence hath accumulated from the furplus interejl and dividends of the faidfevered fums of money laid out purjuant to the faid fever al afts of parliament towards reimburfmg the faid fum of twenty-one thoufand two hundred and ninety-jive pounds thirteen findings and two-pence, fo paid out of the common arid general cajh of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, yyder and by virtue of the dir eft ionsof the faid aft of the feventeenth

Q o 4.	year

Hosted by Google

year of his prefent Mayefly, and is now. in the hands of the bank of 'England : and whereas,the money and effects belonging to the fuitors -of the faid county under the care and dire diion of the /aid accountant general, have of late, years greatly tncreafed, by reafon whereof the necejfary bufmefs of the faid office is grown fo extenfive and laborious, that the provifions ?nade by the faid fe veral adds relating to the faid office of the accountant general, are become inadequate to the attendance, trouble, and importance of the faid office, and infuff cient to an-fiver the charges attending the execution thereof: and whereas the mafters in ordinary in chancery, and the fccretaries of bankrupts and lunaticks, have hitherto tranfafted and now tranfaft their bujinefs in chambers or offices difperfed in different places, and which are j??iall 'and inconvenient, andfiibjeft to great danger from fire, and in which there are not any repofitories wherein the deeds, papers, and writings belonging to the fuitors of the faid court of chancery can be depofited with fecurity from fire, and the publick office of the court of chancery is alfo inconvenient and fubjeft to great danger from fire : and whereas no provifion is yet made for the expence of repairing the offices of the regiff ter, or the accountant general, or for injuring the fame buildings from fire: and whereas a further fum of money is wanted for providing falaries for additional clerks, and additional falaries for the prefent clerks in the office of the faid accountant genre al, and for the purpofe of building proper offices for the mafters in ordinary in chancery, and a publick office for the fuitors of the Jaid court, and offices for the fecretarics of bankrupts and lunaticks, and repofitories for the deeds, papers, and writings delivered and to be delivered to them reffectively in the courfe of their refpeftive bufmefs, and for the purpofe of making a provifion fir the repairs and injurance of the faid offices of the accountant general and the regifter, and of the other offices to he built purfuant to this aft: and whereas, from many years experience, it hath been found that there always hath been, and there now is,, a very large fum of money belonging to ■i the fuitors of the jaid court, of chancery which lies dead and unemployed in the bank beyond the demands of the fuitors; be it en- > a£ted by'the‘King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the autho-rity of the fame, That out of the common and general cafh belonging to the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, which now lies or (hall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank of England, a fum not exceeding three hundred thoufand pounds fhall and may, by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court to be made for

300,0001. of, calh unemployed in the bank belonging to fuitors in chancery,

may be placed	purpofe, from time to time, be placed out in one entire

vernment* fum, or in parcels, in the name of the accountant general of the fecurities, See. high court of chancery, according to the general rules and orders of the faid court, on fuch government or parliamentary fecuri-ties as in and by fuch order or orders fhall be dire&ed, and fhall be carried to an account of monies placed out for the benefit and better fecurity of the fuitors of the high court of chancery, ' to the intent that the intereft and annual produce arifing from

the

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii Ilf. c. 42.	555

the money fo to be placed out may be. applied for the purposes herein-after mentioned.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the intereft and dividends Intereft of of all the fecurities to be purchafed under the authority of this

aft, fhall, from time to time, be received by the governor and received by-company of the bank of England, in the fame manner they now the bank, receive the intereft and dividends of the fecurities purchafed pur-fuant to the feveral afts herein-before mentioned, and fhall be carried to an account to be raifed of intereft arifmg from monies placed out for the benefit and better fecurity of the fuitbrs of the high court of chancery.

III.	And be it further enabled, That out of the intereft and and applied to dividends of the faid fecurities to be purchafed under the authority

of this aft, the feveral payments and falaries herein-after men- pUrp0fes. tioned {hall be paid by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of chancery to be made for that purpofe; (videlicet), Firft, the expence incurred and to be incurred in preparing and palling this act of parliament, and then the yearly fum of one hundred and twenty pounds to the faid accountant general's fifth clerk, and the yearly fum of one hundred and twenty pounds to his fixth clerk, and the yearly furn of one hundred pounds to his feventh clerk, and the yearly fum of one hundred pounds as an additional falary to the faid accountant generals firft clerk, the yearly fum of one hundred and forty pounds as an additional falary to his fecond clerk, the yearly fum of eighty pounds as an additional lalary to his third clerk, and the yearly fum of thirty pounds as an additional falary to his fourth clerk; and which falaries and additional falaries fhall commence from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and fhall be paid at the fame times, and in the fame manner, as the prefent falaries of the faid accountant general and his prefent clerks are paid, and fhall be free from all taxes whatsoever; and then fuch fum or funas of money, not exceeding the fum of thirty thoufand pounds, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commiilioners for the cuftody of the great leal of Great Britain, for the time being, fhall by any order or orders of the court of chancery direct to be applied in purchafmg ground for, and in building and compleating the offices and repofitories herein-after directed to be built and com-pleated, as herein-after is mentioned, and in paying the other expences relating to the execution of this aft, not otherwife pro-vided for; and fuch further fum and Sums of money, either yearly or in grofs, as fhall be neceflary for keeping the fame offices and repofitories in repair, and alfo in repairing, and keeping in repair, the faid offices of the regifter and accountant general, and for infur in g and keeping all the faid offices and repofitories infufed from fire, as herein-after is mentioned.	1	By order of

I V. And be it further enafted, That, under the direftion of the court of the lord high chancellor oi Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or chancery, of-the lords commiilioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great ^or Britain, for the time being, by any order or orders of the court chaneery' Sec.

ot to.be erededj

Hosted by CjOO^LC

and kept In repair.

Matters in chancery to be afFefled to the land tax in the liberty of the rolls, though the offices thonld be built out of the liberty.

Bodies politick, &c. may fell houfes, 8cc, for the pur-pofes of this

of chancery, to be made for that spurpofe, proper and conve-i nient offices for the faid mafters in ordinary in chancery, and their clerks, and for the faid fecretaries of bankrupts and luna-ticks, and their clerks, and fafe and fecure repofitories for the deeds, books, papers, and writings of and belonging to the fui-tors of the faid court, delivered, or to he delivered, to the faid mafters in ordinary in chancery, and the records, proceedings, deeds, books, papers, and writings delivered, or to be delivered, to, or left in the cuftody of the faid fecretaries of bankrupts and lunaticks refpe&ively, together with a publick office for the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, in the ftead or place of the prefent publick office, fhall be built and made fit for the reception of the faid mafters and fecretaries, and the tranfa&ion of their refpe&ive bufmefs therein; and that for thefe purpofes a proper piece of ground fhall be purehafed, and fuch houfes or buildings as may be upon fuch ground, and that the ground and houfes fo to be purehafed fhall be, from time to time, conveyed to, and the fame are hereby declared to be vefted in his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for the purpofes of this a£h

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commiffiorlers for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain Sox the time being, from time to time, by any order of the faid high court of chancery, to apply fuch fum or fums of money as fhall he necefiary in keeping the faid offices and repofitories fo to be built and completed as aforefaid, and the offices of the regifter and accountant general, in good and fufficient repair, and in infuring the fame premifes refpedlively from damage by fire-

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That if the faid offices or chambers to be built and completed, fhall be built out of the liberty of the rolls wherein the mafters in ordinary in chancery are now rated, taxed, and aflfeftfed, for the payment of the land tax, yet they, the faid mafters in ordinary in chancery, fhall continue to be taxed, rated, and aftefted, for the payment of the land tax within the liberty of the rolls only, and fhall not be taxed, rated, or afTefted, for the faid tax within any other divifion, parifh, or place, and that fuch taxes fhall be recoverable in the fame manner, and by the fame perfons and officers, and no other, and by the fame means, in every refpe£t, as if the offices or chambers, to be built in purfuance of this adt were fituate within the local limits of the jurifdidtion of the perfon or perfons who are or fhall be au'-thorifed to enforce the payment of the land tax within the faid liberty.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, and for all- executors or adminiftrators, huf-bands, guardians, committees,, and other truftees whatfoever, for and on behalf of ffiemfelves, their heirs and fuceeflors, and alfo for tenants for life of eliates in fettle men t, if of age, other than femes covert, apd. for the. guardians of fuch tenants for life as

my

f

Hosted by Google

1792 ] Anno r^ghiiiicefimd fecando GEORGii III. c. 42.	557

may be infants, and the hufbands of fuch tenants for life as may be femes covert, for and on behalf of thcrnfelves, and all infants, iflue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or under any other difability, and alfo for all perfons who are or fhall be feized or pofleffed of, or interefted in, any houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges which may becon-venient for the fcite of, or for a way to the offices and repofito-ries to be built in purfuance of this aft, to treat, contract, and agree for the fale of all and every fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, and privileges, for the purpofes aforefaid; and to grant, fell- and convey the fame for the purpofes aforefaid: and that all contracts, agreements, fales and conveyances, which (hall be fo made, fliall be valid to aH intents and purpofes, any law, ftatute, ufage, fettlement, will, cuftom, or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithflanding: and all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, truftees, executors, admi-^ niftrators, hufbands, guardians, committees, and all other perfons whomfoever are and (hall be hereby indemnified for what they {hall do by virtue or in purfuance of this aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That all fums of money Directions for which fhall be fo agreed to be paid for the purchafe of any houfes, the tiupofal buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privi- ^0^rc0£ e leges, which (hall belong to any coporation foie, infant, lunatick, lands, &c. feme covert, or fhall be a truft eftate, or limited in ftrift fettle- belonging to ment, fnall, in cafe fuch fum or fums of money refpeftively (hall corporations, amount to or exceed the fum of two hundred pounds, be laid out &c* as foon as conveniently may be, with the confent of the faid court of chancery (upon a petition to be for that purpofe prefented in a fummary way), in the purchafe of other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which fliall be conveyed and fettled in lieu of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, or privileges, which may be fold as aforefaid ; and that the charges of fuch conveyances and fettlements, and the petitions for that purpofe, fhall be paid in the fame manner as the pther expences relating to the building the faid offices and repofitories are hereby direfted to be paid; and in the mean time, and until fuch purchafe or purchafes fhall be made, and in cafes where the purchafe money fhall not amount to the faid fum of two hundred pounds, the money agreed tcf*be paid for fuch purchafes refpeftively as aforefaid fhall be laid out in fome government fecurities, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the court of chancery, according to the general rules and orders of the faid court, and without fee or reward; and the interefl and dividends, arifing upon fuch fecuri-ties, (hall from time to time be paid to fuch perfon or perfons re-fpeftivcly as would have been intitled to the rents and profits of the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafements, and privileges, which may be fold for the purpofes aforefaid, in cafe the fame had not been fold v and in cafes where the	'

purchafe money fhall not amount to the faid fmtv of two hundred pounds/ fuch mor>ey fjiall belong abfolutely to the peifon or pef-

Hosted by

Google

.As foon as the 21*4951. 53s. ad. to tie paid pur-fuantto 17 Geo. 3. c. 59. fhali be replaced, the tec uri ties pvirchafed Un-former atls, and to be purchafed binder this adt, to make ©m-e aggregate fraud* &c.

Surplus of in-tereft to be placed out on government

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 47. [1792;

fons who would have been able, by fine, recovery, or otherwife, to have acquired the abfolute dominion over, or property of or in, and to have difpofed of hereditaments which may be fold for the purpofes aforefaid, in cafe fuch hereditaments had not been fold ; and the fecurity or fecurities wherein fuch money fhali be in veiled fhali be transferred to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch money fhali belong, upon a petition to be prefented for that purpofe to the faid court of chancery, in a fummary way, the ex-pence of which fhali be paid in the fame manner as the expences of building the faid offices and repofitories are hereby diredled to be paid.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That when and fo foon as the faid fum of twenty-one thoufand two hundred and ninety-five pounds thirteen (hillings and two-pence, herein-before mentioned to have been paid out of the common and general cafh of the fuitors of the court of chancery, purfuant to the faid a61 of the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefly, fhali be replaced, all the fecurities purchafed purfuant to the feveral acls of parliament herein-before mentioned, or any of them, fhali be transferred to the account herein-before diredled to be railed for monies placed out for the better fecurity and be^ nefit of the fuitors of the high court of chancery, and (ball make one aggregate fund, with the fecurities to be purchafed purfuant to this adl, and to be placed to that account: and if there {hall be any furplus interefls, or dividends, of the fecurities fo to be transferred to the faid lafl-mentioned account, after the faid fum of twenty-one thoufand two hundred and ninety-five pounds thirteen fhillings and two-pence, and the feveral falaries payable out of the faid lail-mentioned interefl and dividends, up to the time of fuch transfer as aforefaid being made, then fuch furplus fhali be carried to the account, herein-before diredled to be railed, of interefl arifing from monies placed out for the be^ nefit and better fecurity of the fuitors of the high court of chancery, and fhali make an aggregate fund, with the interefl and dividends to arife from the fecurities to be purchafed purfuant to this adl, and that then the prefent falaries of the faid accountant general, and of the four clerks for whom falaries are provided by the feveral adls of parliament herein-before mentioned, relating to the faid office of the accountant general, and the fa-latfes provided by the faid adl of the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majelly, for the mailers in ordinary in chancery, and alfo the feveral falaries and payments by this adl directed or au-thcrifed to be made, fhali be paid out of the aggregate fund of money, placed to the account of interefl arifing from monies placed out for the benefit and better fecurity of the fuitors of the high court of chancery, in the fame manner, and at the fame times as fuch payments refpedlively are now made, or are hereby diredled or authorifed to be made.

X.	And be it further enadled, That the furplus interefl and annual produce which fhali arife from the money placed out, or to be placedout on fecurities, purfuant to the feveral adds of par-

fecurities, and lament above-mentioned pr referred tQ> and purfuant to this

Hosted by Google

i792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 43.	559

prefent aft, and which are to be carried to the account of mo- applied to hies placed out for the benefit and better fecurity of the fuitors Anfwer the of the high court of chancery, beyond what {hall be fufiicient fetors if ° to anfwer the purpofes of this aft, and of the faid former afts, neseflary. and alfo the intereft which (hall be produced from the fecurities to be purchafed with fuch furplus intereft, (hall from time to time be placed out on government or parliamentary fecurities, and (hail be placed to the credit of an account to be railed of fecurities purchafed, with the furplus intereft arifing from the fecurities carried to the faid account of monies placed out for the benefit and better fecurity of the fuitors of the high court of chancery - and which fund {hall be applied to anfwer the demands of the faid fuitors of the faid court of chancery, in cafe it {hall at any time be neceflary to call in any of the money of the faid fuitors, which hath been or may be placed out on fecurities.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be law- Securities may ful to and for the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or lord be changed, keeper, or lords commifiioners for the cuftody of the great feal

of Great Britain, for the time being, by any order or orders of the faid court of chancery, to change the fecurity or fecurities, or any part of the fecurities purchafed purfuant to the feverai adls of parliament herein-before mentioned, or to be purchafed purfuant to this aft.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted and declared, *

That if, at any time hereafter, the whole or any part of the faid The money money, placed out purfuant to the faid feverai recited afts, or {^de^this or any of them, or hereby direfted or authorifed to be placed out as former a^s aforefaid, {hall be wanted to anfwer any of the demands of the if wanted to fuitors of the faid court of chancery, then, and in fuch cafe, the anfwer de-faid court may and {hall direct the fame, or any part thereof, to be called in, or the fecurities in which the fame {hall be placed to >oe canod in. be difpofed of, in order that the fuitors of the faid court may at all times be paid their refpeftive demands out of the common and general cafti belonging to fuch fuitors.

CAP. XLIII.

An aft for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar \ and for permitting the importation of fugar and coffee into ihe Bahama and Bermuda ijlandsy in foreign flips.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the drawback now allowed on Preamble.

the exportation of fugar of the Britiih plantations from this kingdom, and the bounty now payable on the exportation of refined fugar, produced from Mufcovado fugar imported from the faid plantations^ fiiould ceaje whenever the price of fuch Alulcovado fugar in this kingdom fhall exceed the rates herein-after mentioned: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it efiafted by the King’s mofi excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-

:	mens.

Hosted by Google

$6a Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgn III. c. 43; [1792.

mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, arid by the authority^ If it fhall ap- of the fame. That if it (hall appear by notice in the London Ga~ Tices m"the"	%ette	*n manner hereafter directed, on the Saturday next follow-

Gazette at	^n§	f°urtn Wednesday in the month of July one thoufand'

the periods	feven hundred and ninety-two, that the average price of brown

herein men- 0r Mufcovado fugar, exclufive of the duty of cuftoms paid or thcTavera15e" Payah>le thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain price'of Muf- (fuch average price to be made up and taken in manner herein-covado fugar,	after	mentioned) fhall exceed fixty {hillings for an hundred

exclufive of	weight thereof; and if it fhall in like manner appear on the Sa-

cuftomJ ftrll iurc^ay next following the third IVednefday in October one thou-' exceed the * far*d f~even hundred and ninety-two, that flich average price fhall rates herein exceed fifty-five (hillings for an hundred weight; and if it fhall fpecified, the jn the like manner appear on the Saturday next following the third thereon^nd W’ednefday in the months of February, June, and October refipec-the bounty on lively, in every fucceeding year, that fuch average price fhall ex-refined fugar ceed fifty {hillings for an hundred weight, then and in every fuch produced cafe the drawback now allowed, or which hereafter may be al-ceafe until't0 ^owec^ on exportation from this kingdom, of fugar of the Britifh new average plantations, fhall from thenceforth ceafe to be allowed and paid oh prices fhall any fugar which fhall be exported thenceforth after the end of one have been no- day from the port of London, and after the end of three days from Gazette^ex any ot^er port t^iat Part of Great Britain called England, and cept luch * after the end of five days from any port in that part of Great Bri-fugar fhall tain called Scotland refpe&ively, until the fecond, fourth, and fixth be exported days refpe&ively after new average prices (hall have been made or fome^* UP anc^ coraPute^ uPon the fix laft weekly returns, and notifi-other part of ed ln the London Gazette in manner herein directed; and the the Britifh do-bounty now payable or which may hereafter be payable on minions. the exportation' from this kingdom of refined fugar produced from Mufcovado fugar imported from his Majefty’s plantations in America, fhall ceafe to be allowed and paid on any fuch re-* fined fugar which fhall be exported thenceforth after the end of twenty-nine days from the port of London, and after the end of thirty-one days from any other port in that part of Great Britain called Englajid, and after the end of thirty-three days' from any port in that part of Great Britain called Scotland re* jpeftively, until the thirtieth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-fourth days refpedlively, after new average prices fhall have been made up and computed upon the fix laft weekly returns, and notified in the London Gazette in manner herein directed, except fuch fugar fhall be exported to Ireland, or to fome other part of the Britifh dominions.

Drawback to be allowed in cafes where fugar is begun to be fhipt when the price is under, tiie fum at which the drawback and

II. Provided always, and be it further enafled, That if any perfon fhall have entered outwards any fuch fugar, and fhall have begun to fhip or lade the fame oh board during the time that the price of fugar, taken and notified in the manner herein directed, fhall be under the fum at which the drawback - and bounty fhall ceafe to be allowed and paid on the exportation of fuch fugar at any of the aforefaid ports refpe&ively, fuch perforv fhall be allowed to export, and to receive the drawback for the

o	fugar

I792*] Anno regni trioefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 43.	561

fugar a&ually {hipped ror laden on board for exportation, al- bounty ceafes, though the price of fugar may have rifen to the fum at which the drawback and bounty ftiall ceafe to be allowed and paid on tjiat the exportation thereof, after fuch perfon lhall have begun to before the {hip the fame, and before the exportation thereof, proof in fuch exportation, cafe being made by the exporter upon the debenture, that the laid fugar was really and bona fide fhipped or laden on board.

III.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That, When the whenever the drawback or bounty on fugar (hall not be allowed, drawback according to the provifions of this ait fhall not be lawful to ex- ^u^otbc port to the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey Alderney, Sark, or Man., du- allowed no ring any four months in which fuch drawback fhall not be allowed, more than the any greater quantity of brown or Mufcovado fugar than fixtyhun- quantities of dred weight to Guernfey, fixty hundred weight to Jerfey, ten hun- fUfcifiecirftall dred weight to Alderney and Sark, and forty hundred weight to the ^ exported to ille of Man; and that whenever. the bounty on fugar fhall not be Guernfey, &c-allowed according to the provifions of this adf, it fhall not be lawful to export to the faid iflands, during any four months in which fuch bounty fhall not be allowed, any greater quantity of refined fug,ar than two hundred hundred weight to Guernfey, two hundred hundred weight to Jerfey, thirty-three hundred weight to Alderney and Sark, and one hundred hundred weight to the ifle

of Mqn^:	1

IVY And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That the prices of fuch brown or Mufcovado fugar fhall, from ^j^ovado time to time, be afcertained and taken in manner herein-after fugar to be mentioned; (that is to fay) Every importer or importers of fuch afcertained in fugar within; the city of London, or the bills of mortality, who the mannei lhall, after the tenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred me“" and ninety-two, by himfelf or themfelves, his, or their fworn 1 t broker, or any other agent, acting in his or their behalf, buy or fell any fuch brown or Mufcovado fugar, fhall and is hereby required, by himfelf or themfelves, his or their fworn broker, or any other agent acting in his or their behalf, to deliver in upon oath, before the lord mayor, or any of the aldermen of the faid city of London, (which oath the faid lord mayor or aldermen are hereby refpe&ively authorifed to adminifter) to the clerk of the grocers company now and for the time being, on or before IVed-ttefday in every week, a true account of the quantities of fuch brown or Mufcovado fugar, bought or fold by him or them, his, her, or their fworn broker, or any other agent adting in his or their behalf in the preceding week, fpecify.ing the name of the fhip in which fuch fugar was imported, and the name of the captain of fuch {hip, and alfo the marks and packages,- and the fum * total of the net landing weights of fuch fugar, as far as the fame can: bq made out, and the price paid for each quantity reflectively; and the faid clerk pf the grocers company ftiall, and he is hereby required to compute and make up in every week, from the accounts fo delivered to him of the faid quantities and prices of fuch fugar bought or fold by the faid importer or importers, his or their fworn broker, ,or any other agent ading in his or the.ir

'	behalf

5*?2 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo-GEORGll III. c. 43, [1792.'

behalf in the week immediately preceding, the average price of fitch fugar, and fhall caufe fuch average price to be publifhed every Saturday in the London Gazette; and the faid clerk of the grocers company lhall, and he is hereby required to compute and make up, on the fourth AVednefday in the month of July, and on the third JVednejday in the month of October one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-two, and on the third Wednefday in the months of February, June and October, in every fucceeding year, from the accounts fo delivered to him, of the quantities and prices of fuch fugar fo bought or fold in the fix weeks immediately preceding, the average price of fuch fugar, during the faid fix weeks; and the,faid clerk of the grocers company (hall, and he is hereby required to caufe the average price of fuch fugar, during the faid fix weeks, taken in the maimer herein-before mentioned,

Clerk of the grocers company to caufe the average

ierted in the Gazette;

t0 publifhed on t\iz Saturday immediately following the Wed-nefday on which he is directed to compute and make up the faid average price in the London Gazette; and fuch average price fhall.be deemed and taken to be the price of brown or Mufcovado fugar for the purpofe of regulating the allowing of the drawback on the exportation of fugar of the Britijh plantations, and the payment of the bounty on the exportation of refined fugar, produced from Mufcovado fugar imported from his Majefty’s plantations in America, for the feveral periods refpebtively in the manner hereinbefore di reefed.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That a regifter or book fhall be kept by the faid clerk of the grocers company, containing all the accounts fo received by hhn, from

received from time to time, from the importer or importers, his or their ftyom broker, or any other agent acting in his or their behalf, and of the average prices by him computed and made up from the fame,, which regifter or book fliall and may at convenient times be infpedt-ed byany perfon or perfons whatever, upon paying the fee of one fhilling and no more for the fame.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the lord high treafurer, or the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s

and to keep a book containing the accounts

importers, See.

Treafury may appoint an al-	^

Iowa nee to the treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to ap-dh	point	for	the faid clerk of the grocers company fuch falary and al*-

lowance as fliall be deemed by them to be proper and fufficient compenfation for his time and trouble in executing the faid office^ of receiving the accounts of the quantities and prices of fugar, and making the computation herein-before direbted; and if the faid clerk of the grocers company fhall neglect to do and perform what he is required by this act to do and perform* he fliall forfeit and pay for every fuch negledt the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeftminJler, wherein no ef-foin, protection, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

VII. And be it further enafted, That if any importer or im-Porrer5b or any fworn broker, or other agent aCtifrg. in his or deliver inac-	behalf,	fhall	refute	or	neglect	to deliver in upon oath a.

counts as re- true* account of the quantities, of brown and Mujcovado fugar

by

50I. penalty on clerk for negledt.

Penalty on

Hosted by Google

1792*] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 43*	563

by him bought or fold, fpecifying the name of the {hip in which guired by this fuch fugar was imported, and the name of the captain of fuch UP0U (hip, and alfo the marks and packages, ana the fum total of the net landing weights of fuch fugar, as far as the fame can be made out, and the price paid for each quantity refpeciively, as herein-before required, he, they, or any or them, being the actual buyer or feller of fuch fugar, {hall forfeit and pay for every cafk of fugar, for which he or they {hail fo refufe or neglect to deliver in an account, the fum of forty {hillings, to any one who will profecute and fue for the fame, to be recovered before the lord mayor, or any aldermen of the faid city, on the oath of any one or more credible witness.

VIII.	And be it further enadlcd by the authority aforefaid;

That before any brown or Mufcovado fugar {hall be exported on Exporters and drawback, or any refined fugar {hall be exported on bounty, from	to	eii-

Great Britain, for Ireland, or any ether part of the Britijh domi- for the cjlie nions, according to the provifions of this a61, the exporter or exportation of exporters thereof {ball become bound to his Majefty, his heirs fugar* and fuccefiors, in a bond, together 'with the mafter or per-fon having or taking the charge or command of the {hip or veflel in which fuch fugars refpecbively arc intended to be exported, and alfo with one fufficient furety, to be approved by the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port of exportation, in treble the value thereof, with condition that the fa-id fugars refpeclively fo exported {hall be landed at the refpediive ports or places for which the fame fhall have been entered, and {hall not be felanded in any part of this kingdom, nor be landed or fold in the Ijle of Man,, or landed or fold in the ifiands of Gucrn-fey, ferfey, Alderney, or Sark, unlefs exported for the faid ifiands of Guernfcy, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, refpedlively, under the provifions and regulations of this a£t; and fuch bond fhall be Kow fuch difeharged in the manner herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay)	*

for fuch of the faid fugars refpedlively as fhall be entered for or landed in the kingdom of Ireland, or anv part cf Europe, the condition of the bond {hail be to bring a certificate in difeharge thereof within fix months from the date of the bond; and for fuch of the faid fugars refpedfively as (hall be entered for or land-• ed in any part of Africa, and on this fide the Cape of Good Hope, or in any part of America, within eighteen months from the date of the bond; and for fuch of the faid fugars refpedii vely as fhall be entered for or landed at Saint Helena, or in any port or place at or beyond the Caps of Good Hope, within thirty months after the date cf the, bond: which faid certificate, for luch of the faid fugars refpe&ively-as {hall be landed in any port or place of Ireland, or any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, plantations, or fettiements, where any officer of his Ma-jeffy’s cuiloms {hall be refident, {hall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuffoms there, certifying that fuch fugars refpedlively were there landed; and for want of fuch officer refiding there, it (hall then be figned by the governor of fuch ifiands, dominions, plantations, or fettiements, or, in is Vol. XXXVII.	Pp	■ ab	fence,

Hosted by Google

564 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 43. [1792.'

abfence, by the'deputy governor thereof refpectively; and in the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfeyy Alderney, Sark, and Man, it (hall in alt cafes be figned by the governor or deputy governor thereof, as well as by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and fuch bond may alfo be difcharged, upon proof made to the fatisfactiori of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpectively for the time being,* that fuch fugars reflectively were taken by enemies, or perifhed in the Teas.

IX,	Provided always* and be it further enacted by the au-No drawback thority aforefaid, That no drawback or bounty fhall be paid or or bounty to allowed for or upon any of the laid fugars refpectively exported, fu ar export” accort^ng to the provifions of this act, from this kingdom to Ire-ecfto Ireland, landy or to the faid iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, and or Guernfey, Man refpectively, nor any debenture made out for fuch draw-, &c. until a back or bounty until a certificate fhall be produced under the °ro^ducecl o£ bands and ieals of the collector, comptroller, and furveyor of its being the cuftoms, or any two of them, belonging to fuch port iti landed, • Irelandr, or from the regifter of certificates, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, in the faid iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alder-ney,Sark, and Man refpectively, where the faid fugar fhall have been landed, certifying that the fame has been landed there; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And whereas by an at57, made in the twelfth year of the reign i^Geo.s c 30, of King George the Second., intituled, An a<t for granting a li-and	berty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture

of any of his iVlajefty’s fugar colonies in America, from the faid colonies directly to foreign parts, in fhips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; it is, among other things, enabled, That it fhall be lawful for any of his Majeftys fubjefts, in any flip or vejfel built in Great Britain, and navigated ac-cording to law, and belonging to any of his Majejly's fubjeSis, whereof the major part Jhall be refiding in Great Britain, or in feme of his Maje/ly s fugar colonies in America, that jhall clear outwards in any port of Great Britain, for any of the faid colonies, to Jhip, or load, in the faid colonies, or any of them, any fugars of the growth and produce of the Jaid colonies, or any of them, and to carry the fame from thence to any foreign part of ^Europe, provided a licence be firjl taken out for that purpofe, < under the hands of the commiffioners of his Majejly's cuftoms at London, or Edinburgh, cr any three or more of them refpetlively, fubjeSl to the regulations, and on the conditions therein-after mentioned: and whereas, by another aSl, paffed in the fifteenth year of the reign of King George. 25Geo.a.c.33. the Second, intituled. An act to revive feveral acts for the punifh-recited. ment of perfons deftroying turnpikes or locks, or other works erecfed by authority of parliament, and for other purpofes therein-mentioned ; and to continue feveral acts relating to rice, to frauds in the cuftoms, to the clandeftine. running of goods, and to copper ore of the Briiife plantation's; and for extending the liberty given by the act of the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majefty, for carrying fugar, of the growth of the BritijJy fugar colonies in America^ to fhips belonging to any of his

jelly’s

Hosted by Google

1792*] Anno regni trkefimofecundo Georoii ITL c. 4^	565

jeily’s fubjefts rending in Great Britain, 2nd navigated according to lav/; and,for the more effectual preventing the cutting of ftar or bent ; itis, amongJl -ether things, enabled, "That it fhall and may be lawful for any of bis Majejly's fubjcdls, in any Jhifi or vejfel built in Great Britain, or belong mg to any of his Ada-jejly s fibjedls refiding in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, to jhip or load, in any of his Majejiy's fngar colonies in America, any fugars ofthe growth, produce, or manufacture of the fuel colonies, or any of them, and to carry the fame from thence in any fitcb flips or veff.h to any foreign parts of Em opt, fubjedl nevcrthelefs to all fuch rules, entries, fecurities, refiridtions, regulations, limitations, penalties and forfeitures, as are in and by the faid adt of the tivclfth year of the reign of his majejly King George the Second, for that purpofe particularly appointed and enabled: be it enafted, That whenever the When draw-drawback fhall have^ceaied to be allowed or paid as herein-before provided, it fhall not be lawful for the commiffioners of the cuf- limLer 0

r	t	7	r<r*7 7rn‘i	t	LbC prOVlllOnS1

toms at London or Edinburgh relpectiveiy to make out or grant any or this adt, fuch licence by virtue of the faid afts, until new average prices the cormnif-fhall be made up and computed upon the fix laft weekly returns, fioners of the and publ-ifhed in the London Gazette in manner herein-direfted; to^rant am' and that whenever it fhall appear by the London Gazette to the licence by commiffioners of his Adajeffy’s cuffoms in England and Scotland virtue of the refpeftively, that the lafh average weekly price fhall have exceed- recited adts ed the fum at which, according to the provifions of this aft, the drawback or bounty on the exportation of fugar would ceafe at fhall be pub-the periods herein-before mentioned, it fhall not in any cafe be lifhed in the • lawful for the faid commiffioners refpeftively. to grant any fuch Gazette, &c. licence, at any time during the courfe of the week next enfuing; and that if any fuch licence as aforefaicl, made out or granted by virtue of the faid afts, {hull not be delivered for the purpofes di-refted in the laid afts to the collector of the port in fome of his Majefty’s colonies at which fuch fhip is to take in her lading, within fixty days from the date of fuch licence, the fame fhall be void and of no effect, and it fhall not be lawful by virtue thereof for the colleftor, comptroller, or naval officer of fuch port, to indorfe any certificate on fuch licence, or for any perfon or perfons to fhip and load any fugar, and carry the fame to any foreign part in Europe, any thing in the faid aft.s contained to the contrary * notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Sugar and That fugar and coffee, not of the Britijh plantations, when im-ported into Great Britain in Britijh built fhips, owned, regiftered, plantations, and navigated according to law, from any country or place not may be im-in Europe, fhall and may, upon the importation thereof into the ported in ports of London, Brifol, Liverpool, Lancafer, Glajgow, and Leith, or any or either of them, upon being duly entered, be forthwith land- ports of Lon-ed from on board the fhip or veilel in which the fame fhall be fo don, &c* on imported, in the prefence off the proper officer or officers of the the condition ctilioms at the port in which the fame fhall be lb imported, with-cut payment of any duty whatever, provided that an exaft ac- payment of count be taken of the weight thereof, and entered in a book to dutv;^

P p' 2	be

Google

and may be

exported dire <fiiy from Warehoufes duty-free; but if taken

Sugar and oof-fee, th< produce of any foreign country, may be

;65 Armo regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 43. [1792,

be kept for that purpofe by the proper officer of the cuftoms at the faid port, and that the fame {hall upon landing be immediately lodged and fecured, under the joint locks of his Majefty and the importer or proprietor thereof, in fuch warehoufes as fhall be fit for that purpofe, to be provided at the foie expence of the importer or proprietor of fuch fugar or coffee, with the approbation and under the care and infpedtion of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpecfively, or the collector and comptroller at the port where fuch fugar or coffee fhall be imported; and fuch fugar and coffee may be again exported di-re&ly from fuch warehoufes without payment of any duty whatever, provided fuch fugar and coffee be duly entered for exportation, and regularly {hipped and exported according to the laws in force at the time of exporting fuch fugar or coffee ; but if fuch out for home fugar or coffee fhall be intended to be taken out of fuch "ware-coufumptiou houfes to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom, the importer or the duty mu ft proprietor fhall firft pay to the proper officer of the cuftoms and e pai ’ excife refpedlively fuch duties of cuffoms and excife as fhall be then payable by law on the importation into Great Britain of fuch fugar and coffee.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore faid. That it fhall and may be lawful to import into the port of Naffau, in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama 1 (lands, and into fuch other port or ports in the faid Bahama IJlands, or the ifland imported into of Bermuda, as fhall be approved by his Majefty in council, fugar the Bahama and. coffee, the produce of any foreign country or plantation, in l^imuda^iu	l"ore*gn ffdps> and fubjecl to fuch regulations, as are preferibed

foreign (hips, 5n an adt paffed in the twenty-fe.venth year of his prefent Majefty’s fubjnft to the reign, intituled, An a£l for allowing the importation and exportation of regulations o t certain goods, wares, and merchandife, in the ports a/'Kingfton, Savan-ani^oCeo27* n3^ Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the ifland of Ja-c	'	maica	;	in	the	port	of Saint George, in the if and ^/"Grenada ; in the

port of Rofeau, in the fund ^Dominica ; and in the port ofNaf-fau, in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama Iflands, under certain regulations and rejlrictions, with refpedt to the ports therein mentioned; and another act made in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, A.n act for amending an a SI, poffed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandife, in the ports of Kingfon, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the ifland of Jamaica; in the port of Saint George, in the ifland of Grenada; in the port of Rofeau, in the ifland of Dominica; and in the port of NaJJhu, in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama IJlands, under certain regulations and reftridiions $ and for regulating the duties on the importation of goods and commodities, the growth and production of the. countries, bordering on the province of Quebec.

Sugar or cof- XIII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That fee imported on importation of fugar or coffee into Great Britain, or into iTuTa Mauds" any other ParC of Majefty’s dominions from the faid port of

'"Naffaut

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 44.	567

Naffau, in the ifland of	Providence,	or fuch other port or or Bermuda*

ports in the Bahama IJlands, or ifland of Bermuda, as fhall ^ ^ot of^h^Bri-approved by his Majefty in council, fuch fugar and coffee fhall ^ p]anta-refpeCtively be deemed to be not of the Britijh plantations, and tions. fhall be liable to, and fhall pay duties of cuftoms and excife as fuch, and be fubjeCt to the regulations of this a£t, and of each and every other act and aCts of parliament in force at the time of the importation of fuch fugar or coffee, fo far as they relate,to fugar or coffee not of the Britijh plantations.

XIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That How penalties the penalties and forfeitures impoied and incurred by this aCt, be fued fhall and may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered in fuch	*

courts, and be difpofed of in fuch manner, and by fuch ways, 0 ‘ means, and methods, as any penalties or forfeitures impofed, or which may be incurred for any offence committed againft the laws of the cuftoms, may legally be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of.	.

CAP. XLIV.

An aft. for extending the provifions of an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled\ An act to im~ power the magiftrates therein mentioned to fettle and regulate the wages of perfons employed in the filk manufacture within - their refpeCtive jurifdictions, to manufactories of filk mixed with other materials; and for the more ejfeftual punijhment of buyers and receivers of filk purloined and embezzled by perfons employed in the manufacture thereof .	,

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aCt to empower 13000.3.0.68. the magiftrates therein mentioned to fettle and regulate the wages reGh^d. of perfons employed in the filk manufacture^ within their refpec-tive jurifdiCtions, it was enafted, That the wag/s and prices for work of the journeymen iveavers within the city ^London jhould be fettled, regulated, and declared by the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the faid city ^ and in all places in the county <?/'Middlefex by the jufices of the peace of the faid county \ and in all places within the city and liberty ofWeftminfter, at the general quarter fejfions of the peace, holden in and for the faid city and liberty \ and in all places within the liberty of the tovoer of London, at the general quarter fejfions of the peace, holden in and for the faid liberty, at their general quarter fejfiqns of the peace r effectively ; and certain penalties are by jh-e faid aft inf i ft eel on all majler weavers within any of the faid dif drifts ujhofjould give more or lefs wages, or pay larger or lefs prices to any of the faid journeymen iveavers, for their work, than Jhould hr fettled or allowed as aforefaid; and alfo upon all journeymen weavers within the dijlrifts aforefaid., who Jhould afk, receive, or take more or Mfs wages, or larger or lefs prices for their work than Jhould be fettled by the r efpeftive quarter fejfions as aforefaid \ dr who- Jhould enter into ,, any combination to raifi the wages or prices of'thefaid work', or for ‘,ihat purpofe decoyfolic it,- or intimidate any journeymen w cavers wit kin

P P 3	'	th*	'

568 Anno r£gni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 44. [1792.

" aforefaid,fo

the

df riots

Wages of journeymen weavers in any manufacture of lilk mixed with other materials to be fettled as directed by the recited adi.

d, fo that they fnoidcl quit their mafers for whom they fboidd then be employed; or who JJoould affemble themfeives in_ order tG frame or deliver petitions, or other reprefentations touching their zvages, or price of work, contrary to the faid aft, and divers faint ary regulations and provlfans are ejiablijhed by the faid aft for carrying the fame into execution: and zvhsreas doubts have arifert, -whether the faid aft extends to perfons employed in the manufactures of filk mixed with other materials: for obviating therefore fuch doubts, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted and declared; and be it enadted and declared by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the city of London, and the juftices of the peace within their refpedtive jurifdicticns throughout the feveral and refpedtive diftridts in the faid adt mentioned, fhall, from time to time, fe'ttle?. regulate, order, and declare the wages and prices of work of the journeymen weavers working within their refpedtive jurifdicftions in any manufadture of lilk mixed or wrought up with any other materials, in like manner as they are refpedtively authorifed and with regard to impowered by the faicLrecited adt to fettle, regulate, order, and lilk weavers, declare the fame in the manufadture of filk only; and that the c ^	faid recited adt, and all and every the claufes, provifions, regu-

lations, reftridtions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, and other mau ters and things therein contained, fhall extend, and be deemed, adjudged, and conftrued to extend, and are hereby declared to extend to all perfons employed in or about any of the manufactures of filk mixed or wrought up with any other materials within the refpedtive diftricis in the faid adt mentioned, in as full and ample manner as the faid powers, claufes, provifions, regulations, reftridtions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, and other matters and things, are by the faid recited adt declared to extend to the feveral and refpedtive perfons therein named; and the fame refpedtively fhall be applied, pradiifed, and put in execution for and in refpeeb of all fuch manufactures of filk mixed or wrought up with any other materials, as fully and effectually as if all and every the faid powers, claufes, provifions, regulations, reftridtions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, and other matters and things were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this prefent adt.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices before whom any perfon fhall be convicted of any offence, either againft the faid adt of the thirteenth year of his faid prelent Majefty, or againft this adt, fhall caufe fuch refpec-? live conviction to be drawn up in the form, or to the effect

Juftices to caufe convictions to be drawn up in the following

lowing

(th:

.t 1:

to fay

f	To	wit.	1	ipE	It	remembered,	float	on this

$ ^ day of'	\	in	the year of quip

Lord	A.	R.	is	convifted	before	us

of bis Majefty* $ juft ces of the peace in and for- the faid county of or for the city, liberty, ioivn or place [as the cafib may be],J^r'[here

fpecify

Hosted by Google

r792-] Anno regni trice fi mo fecundo Georgii III. c. 44.	569

fpecify the offence, and when and where the fame was committed] ; and we the faid juft ices do adjudge him [or her] to pay and forfeit for the fame the fum of

Given under our hands andffcals, the day and year firft above-written.

And the (aid judices, before whom fuch.convidftion fhall be had, fhall caufe the fame fo drawn up in the form aforefaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or quarter feflion of the peace to be held for the county, city, liberty, town, or place wherein fiich conviction (ball be had, to be hied and kept amongft the records of the faid general or quarter feffion.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no order made, touching or concerning any of the matters in this act contained, or any proceedings to be had touching the Gonvidfion of any offender or offenders againft the faid a61 of the thirteenth year , of his faid prefent Majefty, or this a61, (hall be quafhed for want of form, or be removed or removeable by certiorari into his Ma-jefty’s court of King’s bench, or any othe£ court whatfoever.

. IV. And whereas by divers aCts of parliament, made in the twenty-feco?id year of the reign of bis late majefy King George the Second, .and in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, certain pains, penalties, and forfeitures are inflated on perfons who Jhould buy, receive, accept, or take by way of gift, pawn, pledge,fale, or exchange, or in any other manner vjhatever, of or from any perfon or perfons hired or employed in any of the manufactures therein mentioned, any materials of fuck manufacture., whether fir ft wrought, made'up, or manufactured, or not, knowing the perjon or perfons of whom the faid 7naterials were bought, received, accepted, or taken, to be fo hired-or employed, without the confent of the perfons fo hiring or employing them, or ivko Jhould buy, receive, accept, >or take in any manner zvhatfoever, any of the faid materials, whether the fame be or be not firft wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the fame to be purloined or embezzled : and whereas the penalties and forfeitures to which offenders a gain]I the faid aCts are fubjeCt, have not been fufficient to deter perfons from committing the like offences in receiving purloined and embezzled materials of flk, nfed in the manufactories of Jilk, unmixed or mixed with other materials j be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one .thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, if any perfon pr perfons fliall buy, receive, accept, or take by way of gift, pawn, pledge, fale, or exchange, or in any other manner whatfoever, of or from any perfon or perfons hired or employed to prepare qr work up the filk manufacture or any manufacture of filk mixed with other materials, any filk, whether the fame or any part thereof be or be not firft wrought, made up, or manufactured, and whether the fame be or be not mixed with other materials, knowing ftjch perfon or perfons to be fo hired or employed as aforefaid, and not having firft obtained the confent of the perfon pr perfons fo hiring or employing him, her, or them as aforefaid, pr whether any filk tfiali have been purloined or embezzled by any

P p 4	perfon.

and Iranf-mitted to the next quarter feflion.

No proceedings to-be quafhed for want of form. Sec.

zzGe 0.3*0.27. and 17 Geo.3* c. 56, Sec. recited.

From June 241 1792, perfons Inlying, See. filk, from thofe employed to work up any lilk manufacture, &c. knowing them to be fo employed, liable to puni {lime at, &C.

5 70 Anno^egni trkeCimo ftcunda^EORG 11 III. c. 45, [1,792;

-	-	, perfon or perfons, -{hall buy, receive, accept, or take in any mannerj

:	■ whatfocver, of or from any perfon or perfons whomfoever, >any -

fuch filk,. whether the fame be wrought or un wrought, mixed,or _	uimrixed,	knov/ipg	the fame to have^been purloined or embezzled ; i

• then, and in every .fuch cafe, the perfon or perfpns fo buying,

. ' '	• receiving, accepting,; or taking any fuch fill:, ill all and may be-

proceeded againft as direftcd by the faid«recited a^fs of the twenty-fecond of George the Second, and\the feventeenth of his prefent Majeffy, or may be profecuted for a mifdemeanour, and fhall be , punifhed by fine, imprisonment, or whipping, as the court of general or quarter leilions, who are hereby impowered to try fuch'; offenders, or as any other court before, which he, fhe, or they fhall be tried, fhall think fit to inflift, although no proof upon fuch . ■ trial fhall be given to; whom fuch filk -doth belong, any law or ,	-	■ ffatute to the contrary notwithftanding.	-

asaffp^perfpns V. And be-it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, pur\ofnedGfilk frortl and after the laid twenty-fourth day of June one thou fa nd; ^	feven	hundred and ninety-two, if any perfon or perfons fhall fell,

pawn, pledge, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully difpole of any .■■■■■ filk, whether wrought or unwrought, mixed or unmixed, knowing the fame to have been fo purloined or embezzled, every fuch perfon or perfons lawfully convifted as aforefaid, fhall be liable to the, fame punifliment as perfons cony idled of receiving purloined or embezzled filk, knowing the fame to have been purloined ox embczzled, would be liable to by virtue of this aft. <

CAP. XLV.

An a51 io explain and. amend an a51, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second^ intituled., An aft to amend and make more effcftual the laws relating; to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly perfons, and to houfes of correction. -

Preamble.	7KER E A S great abufes are committed in conveying,, from

\ t one place ;to another by pafes-, perfons who are not rogues or vagabonds, or in conveying fuch perfons who are rogues and'.vagabonds^ without complying with the directions of the a5l faffed in..thefeventrenth year of the reign of bis late tnajefy King George the Second, intituled, 17 Geo.2,c. 5. An aft to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to-icdicd. rogues, vagabonds, and other idle.and. diforderly perfonsy and to houfes of correction • which faid a5t dire5ls, that fuch perfons only, fall he conveyed by a pafs, under the hand andfeal of a juft ice. ofpeaces vjho have been fifl -publickly zvhipt. or confined in the houfe of correction j and vjbereas the faid a5t, in- other refpe&s, requires to be a?nended; may it therefore pleafe your.Majeffy that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moff excellent majeffy, by and■ with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,, in this prefent. parliament affembled, and by the. autho-jRogues or ri ty of‘-.the fame;. That when any juft ice of the peace fnall order vagabonds or- £o be xonveyed by a pafs, under his band and feal, any rogue or conveyed by •	according;to: the..prpyiiibn^- of the faid aftf duch rogue

Hosted by Google

!792-] Anno regni tricefi^mb foundo GfiibRGri III. c. 45.	571

or vagabond (hall be either publickly whipt, or be fent t6 the houfe Pa^8.> agree-

of correction, there to remain until the next general or quarter citeVad^to6*

feflions, or for any fuch lefs time as fuch juftice of the peace fhall t,e publicity-

think proper; provided that fuch lefs time fhall be at the lead for whipt, or con-

the fpace of (even days, and that fuch juftice of the peace fhall finedm a houfe

certify, in the pafs by which fuch perfon fhall be ordered to be ^corredhon,

conveyed, that fuch perfon has been actually publickly whipt, or

confined in the houfe of correction for at leaft the fpace of feven

days: provided alfo, that no perfon fhall be fo whipt or imprifon-

ed, and conveyed by a pafs as a rogue or vagabond, who fhall not

have committed an ad of vagrancy within the true intent and

meaning of the faid aCf, and who fhall not have been conviCled

thereof.

II. And be it further enaCfed by the authority aforefaid, That No reward to no juftice of the peace fhall order any reward to be paid to any be Pa*ld f°r conftable or other perfon, for apprehending any rogue or vaga- ^ue^or va? bond, until fuch rogue or vagabond fhall have been punifhed as gabonds, until hereby directed, and until the examination required by the afore- they fhall have faid ad be 'actually tranfmitted to the next general or quarter been punifii-fefiions, there to be filed and kept on record.	e ’ L

. III. And be it further enaCfed by the authority aforefaid, That No female whenever any female fhall be guilty of any offence, for which fhe vagabond to fhall b>e conviCIed as a rogue and vagabond, or incorrigible rogue, ^ before any juftice of the peace, or the court of general or quarter feflions, in no cafe whatever fuch juftice, or court of general of quarter feflions, fhall infliCc the punifhment of whipping upon fuch female rogue and vagabond, or incorrigible rogue; any law or ftatute to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Convicts dif-any of his Majefty’s judges at the aflizes, and the juftices at the charged from general or- quarter feflions, or any juftice of the peace, is and are

hereby impowered to order, whenever he or they fhall think pro- quitted at per, any conviCf, upon his difcharge from prifon, to be conveyed affixes, &c. by pafs under hand and feal, in manner and form direded by the may be con-aforefaid aCI, and according to the provifions therein contained; and the judge, juftices, or juftice aforefaid, is or are alfo etn- ; powered to convey by pafs any perfon who {hall be acquitted at the aflizes, or general or quarter feflions, or difeharged by proclamation or otherwife, who fhall of himfelf or herfelf, or by any other perfon in his or her behalf, apply to the court whereat he or fhe has been acquitted or difeharged, or to any juftice of the peace to be conveyed as aforefaid; and the judge, juftices, or juftice aforefaid, {hall certify in fuch pafs that the perfon fo conveyed was difeharged from prifon, or a perfon acquitted, or other-wife difeharged, at the aflizes or feflions, as the cafe may be ; and fuch convict, or perfon acquitted or difeharged, fhall pay no fee whatever for fuch pafs.’

V.	. And whereas the prefent mode of conveying vagrants in the cufody of a corf able ts frequently injuffeient, from the mi [conduct and negligence of confahles; be it therefore enabled by the authority

re fa id, That the juftices of the peace, at the general or quarter Juftices may

felfions order ro§uea

Hosted by

Google

£*1 2 A

3 /

or vagabonds to be conveyed by mailers of b Oil Its of correction, &c.

Jufti'ces at fef-fions to diredt what rates . fhall be allowed for palling, &c. rogues, &c.

Soldiers and mariners, wandering and begging, to be deemed vagabonds.

Perfons neglecting to'pro-wide for thtir families, to be deemed idle anddiforderly.

•nno regni tricefimo fecundctGEORGli III. c. 45. [1792.'

feilions held for any county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, divifion, or liberty, or any adjournment thereof, fhall be empowered to make an order that all rogues and vagabonds apprehended in their refpeftive counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, towns.corporate, divisions or liberties, and who are ordered to be conveyed by pafs, (hall be conveyed by the mailer of the houfe of correftion or his fervants, or by a conilable, as fuch juflices at the general or quarter feilions, or any adjournment thereof, fhall think proper ; and luch juflices (hall ,alfo be empowered to make an order, if they think proper, that all conilables to whom rogues or vagabonds brought from another county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, divifion, or liberty, are delivered, fhall forthwith qonvey fuch rogues and vagabonds to the neared houfe of correc-$ti$n in their county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, divi-or liberty, to be afterwards forwarded by the mailer of the np^fe of correftion, or his fervants, as aforefaid, and according 40-the provifions of the faid recited aft.

; And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That tlye juflices of the peace of any county, riding, city, borough, tpwn corporate, divifion,..or liberty, fhall and may, at the general or quarter feilions of the peace, from time to time, limit, appoint, and direft what rates and allowances per mile, or other wife, fhall be made for the palling, conveying, or maintaining of rogues. Vagabonds or incorrigible rogues, to be palled or conveyed as aforefaid, and may likewife make fuch other orders, rules, and directions for the more regular proceeding or afting therein, within their refpeftive limits and jurifdiftions, as they in their diferetion fhall think proper ; which rates, allowances, orders, .rules, and diredlions, fhall from time to time be obferved and fubmitted to by all juftices of the peace, conftables, officers, and .other perfons within the faid limits and jurifdiftions refpeftively,

VII.	And whereas foldiers travelling from one place to another, having a certificate from their officers, or the fecretary at war, are permitted to beg, and that mariners or feafaring men difcharged are licenfed to beg, by fome tejlimonial or writing under the hand and feal of a juftice of the peace : and whereas fuch permiffion to beg is highly improper; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every foldier and mariner wandering abroad and begging, fhall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the meaning of the faid aft..

VIII.	Arid whereas feveral perfons, by their ivilful default and negleft, permit their wives and children to become chargeable to their refpeftive parifhes or townjhips; be it therefore enafted, That if it fhall be made appear to any two juflices of the peace, that any poor perfon fhall not ufe proper means to get employment, or, if he is able to work, by his negleft of work, or by fpending his money in alehoufes or places of bad repute, or in any other improper manner, fhall not apply a proper proportion of the money earned by him towards the maintenance of his wife an"4 family, by vvhjch wilful default or negleft they, or any of them, fhall become chargeable to their parifh or town fh ip, he fhall be confidered as, an idle and diforderly perfon3 and be fnbjeft to

fyft*

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 46.	573

fuch punifhment, and in fiich manner, as is diredted for idle and diforderiy perfons by the aforefaid adl.

CAP. XLVI.

An att for efahlijhing courts of judicature in the if and ^Newfoundland, and the fands adjacent.

FOR the better adminf ration of juflice in the if and of New- Preamble, foundland, arid the fands adjacent; be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent ‘parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That it {hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, by his commiiV His Majefty, fion under the great feal, to inftitute a court of criminal and civil jurifdidlion, to' be called. The Supreme Court of Judicature of the fnftinite if and of Newfoundland, with full power and authority to hold plea court of cri-of all crimes and mifdemeanors committed within the ifland of minal and civil Newfoundland, and on the iflands and feas to which fhips or vef- jur^didiori ^ fels repair from the ifland of Newfoundland, for carrying on the	*

fifhery, and on the banks of Newfoundland, in the fame manner * as plea is holden of crimes and mifdemeanors committed in that part of Great Britain called England, and aifo with full power and authority to hold plea, as herein-after mentioned, of all fuits and complaints of a civil nature, arifing within the ifland of New* foundland, and on the iflands and feas aforefaid, and on the banks of Newfoundland; which court fhall determine fuch fuits and complaints of a civil nature, according to the law of England, as ‘far as the fame can be applied to fuits and complaints arifing in the iflands and places aforefaid ; and the faid court fhall be a court, of record, and fhall be holden by a chief juftice to be appointed by his Majefty, who fhall have full power and authority to enquire of, hear, and determine all crimes and mifdemeanors* fuits, and complaints, cognizable in the faid court; and fuch court fhall have fuch clerks and minifterial officers as the chief juftice fhall think proper to appoint; and fuch falary fhall be paid to the faid chief juflice, as his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefTors, fliall approve and diredl, and fuch falaries be paid to the clerks and --minifterial officers aforefaid, as fhall be approved by the chief juftice, with the corifent of the governor of the ifland of New-foundland; which feveral falaries {ball refpectively be in lieu of all Other profits and emoluments whatfoever.	.	...

II. And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the The governor governor of the ifland of Newfoundland, with the advice of fuch with thead vice chief juftice, from time to time, to inftitute courts of civil jurif- ?^e c^ief , diction, to-be called Surrogate Courts, in different parts of theinftitutSun-o-ifland of Newfoundland, and the iflands aforefaid, as occafiori fhall gate courts, require, with full power and authority to hear and determine, in &c. the like fumrrrary way, all fuits and complaints of a civil nature arifing within the ifland of Newfoundland, and on the iflands and feas aforefaid, and on the banks of Newfoundland; which courts fliaji refgedlively be courts of record, and ft all determine accord-

ing

Hosted by

Google

574 Arina regni tricefmio fecundo Georgii III. c. 46. [1792.

jng to the law o f England, as far as the fame can be applied to fuits and complaints arifi ng in theiflands and places aforefaid ; and the faid courts refpedlively (hall be holden by a furrogate, to be appointed from time to time by the governor of the faid iiland, with the approbation of fuch chief juftice, and {hall have full power and' authority to. hear and determine all fuits and complaints cognizable in the faid court ; and the faid court fliall have fuch clerks and miniftcrial officers, with fuch falaries as the chief juftice fho.ll appoint, which falaries fliall be in lieu of all profits and emoluments whatever.

Mode of pro- III. And be it further enadfed. That it fliall be lawful for the cecumgsmthe faid fupreme courts and furrogate courts refpedtively, when any furrogate	fuit or complaint fliall be depended therein, to caufe to appear

courts.	from day to day, all perfons interefted in the matter in difpute^

and to examine upon path fuch of them as it fliall be deemed proper, for better difeovering the truth, and thereupon, and after due confideration of all circumftances, to make fuch order, judge? ment, or decree therein, and award fuch damages and cofts, as the cafe fliall require; and that in all cafes where the caufe of any fuit or complaint (hall not exceed five pounds, the party who is to anfwer fuch fuit or complaint fliall be made to appear in court by fummons, and in all cafes where fuch fummons fliall be difobeyed, or where the caufe of any fuit or complaint fliall exceed live pounds, then that the party who is to anfwer fuch fuit or complaint may be caufed to appear by attachment of his or her goods, debts, or effects, or by arrefl of the perfon, and that the execution of any order, judgement, or decree may be enforced by attachment of the goods, debts, or credits of the party, or by arrefl: of the perfon againft whom fuch order, judgement, or decree fliall be made; and that it fliall and maybe lawful for, the faid chief juftice and furrogates refpedfively, to authorife fame perfon in his or their abfence refpeftively, to ifliie procefs, and do all acts appertaining to the faid fupreme court, and furrogate courts refpedtively, fave and except the enquiring of, hearing, and determining of any crime or mifdemeanoc, or any fuit or complaint of a civil nature.

Tn anions ex- IV. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That, ceeding iol. where the caufe of adtion {hall exceed the fum of ten pounds, and lummo^ed ^ vt	prayed by the defendant in fuch fuit or complaint, that

but if a fuf- a jury may be fummoned to try fuch action, it fliall be lawful for ficient number the faid chief juftice and furrogates refpedtively, and lie and they ihouldnotap- arq hereby refpedfively required to caufe twenty-four perfons to

pear, two af- ^ fummoned, of whom twelve fliall be a jury for the trial of fuch •teflors, with 0.	.	>	.	,	.	'	•	J	rJ	f	f	|	’

the chief juf- action, and to proceed therein according to law : provided always,

tice or furro- That, if a number of jurors fyfficient for the trial ofjuch ^ion

gates, may having been duly fummoned fliall not appear to be fworn, it fliall

Skd ^ l° anc* may lawful for the governor of the faid ifland, .and the

furrogates in their fcveral courts refpedtiyely, to nominate aqd

appoin t two proper perfons to be afieifors. to the faid chief juftice,

Who, together with the faid cbjef juftfoe Pf furi*o.gates refpec).ive-

Hosted by Google

1792-] Anno regni tricpfirno fecundo Georgh III. c.	575

ly, flirt 11 proceed to the trial of fuch a£Hon, in like manner as if fuch jury had not been prayed.

V. Arid be it further enabled, Th2t upon any decree or judge* Appeals may ment given in a furrogate court, for any fum exceeding forty j>e made from pounds, it fhall be lawful for the party againft whom fuch decree forfums ex-or judgement fhall be given, to appeal therefrom to the fupreme ceeding 40]. court, having firft given notice of fuch intention, and having in the furro-entered into a fecurity to the furrogate, in double the fum for £a^e ^oart|jn which fuch judgement or decree was given or made, within two i^oM^the^ days after making or giving fuch judgement or decree, for duly iUpreme profecuting fuch appeal; and upon any decree or judgement court.p given in the fupreme court, for any fum exceeding one hundred pounds, it fhall be lawful for the party, againft whom fuch decree or judgement fhall be given or made, to appeal therefrom to his Majefty in council, having firft given notice of fuch intention, and having entered into fecurity, to be approved by the chief juftice, in double the fum for which fuch judgement or decree

was given or made, within two days after the giving or making of fuch judgement or decree, for duly profecuting fuch appeal ; and in all cafes of appeal, as foon'as notice fhall be given, and fecurity entered into as aforefaid, execution fhall be ftayed, but not otherwife,

VI.	And ivhereas it will greatly contribute to the advancement of the trade and fifaery of Newfoundland, if fuch effects as perfons be* coming infolvent hi the [aid if and of Newfoundland, and the ifands aforefaid^ were pofjeffed of or entitled unto, within the Jaid if and., or an the ifands or Jeas aforefaid, or on the banks of Newfoundland,

JhoUld be divided a?nong their creditors with mors equality than hath hitherto been praStifed; be it further enacted, That, as often as the When goods goods, debts, and credits of any perfon fhall be attached, and it are attached, fliall be made appear to the court out of which the prpeefs of *Var^hat the attachment hath ifitted, that the goods, debts, and credits fo at- party is^nfol-tached are not fufticient to pay twenty {hillings in the pound to vent,thecomt all thofe who fhall be creditors by reafon of debts contracted fhall order his within the ifland of Newfoundland^ and on the iflands and fe(^s	\

aforefaid, or on the banks of Newfoundland, it fhall be lawful*for d^ftributedL fuch court to fu mm on the party whofe goods, debts, and credits are fo attached, together with the plaintiff or plaintiffs who have	ff

fried out'any attachment, and alfo fuch perfons who are known to	?

be creditors as aforefaid of the defendant, to appear in court at a	■ :

certain day, and if upon a due examination of the defendant, and	T

the faid creditors, it fhall appear that he or fhe is infolvent, the .	'	'

court fhall declare him or her infolvent accordingly, and fhalL immediately proceed to take order for difcoverjng, collecting, .and ’ "Td felling the effects and debts of fuch perfon, and diftributing the '	;;

produce thereof rateably amongft all the faid creditors ct fuch	, ^

perfon fo declared infolvent, or to authorife feme perfon or perfons, being a creditor or creditors, to perform the fame,, iuch perfon or perfons fitft entering into a recognizance in fuch fum -'as the court fhall think fit?;for the due performance of his.or their duty therein; and that fuch court ffaalltfom timeto’ Jme make

fuch

Hosted by Google

Certificate of the court to be a bar to l'uits for debt prior to the

576 Anno rcgni tpcfcfimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 46. [1792.

fuch order therein as (hall be deemed proper, for,better difcover-Ing, collediing, and felling the effedbs and debts, and making a rateable diftribution thereof among the faid creditors.

Directions for VII. And be it further enadbed, That in the diftribution to be the diftribu- made of the eftate and effedbs of fuch perfon fo declared infolvent, f10^ °^le every fifherman and leaman employed in the fifhery, whofh&ll be vent njrfons" a cre^^tor f°r wages become due in the then current ieafon, fhall firft be paid twenty (hillings in the pound, fo far as the effedbs will go; and in the next place, every perfon who (hall be a creditor for fupplies furni(hed in the current ieafon, (hall be paid twenty (hillings in the pound; and laftly, the laid creditors for fupplies fur-ni(hed in the then current feafon, and all other creditors whatfo-ever, (hall be paid equally in proportion, as far as the effedbs will-go, provided that the faid creditors for fupplies furnifhed in the then current feafon fhall not be paid more than twenty (hillings in the pound on the whole of their debt.

VIII.	And be it further enadbed, That if fuch infolvent perfon (hall make a true difclofure and difeovery of all his or her goods and effedbs whatfoever, and (hall conform him or herfelf to the order and diredbion of the faid court, thefamefhall and may (with declaration of the confent of one half in number and value of his or her credit infolvency. tors) be certified by the faid court, and fuch certificate, when pleaded, (hall be a bar to all fuits an 1 complaints for debts con-tradbed within the ifland of Newfoundland*, and on the i(lands- and leas aforefaid, and on the hanks of Newfoundland, prior to the time when he or file was declared infolvent.

Suits, where IX. And be it further enadbed, That where any caufe of adbion the caufe fhall (hall have arifen before the firib day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, no fuit or complaint (hall be com* toUbe com-925 rnenced thereon at the di fiance of more than fix years from the menced with- time when fuch caufe of adbion arofe.

in fix years. X. And be it further enadbed, That the faid chief juftice, or Chief juftice,. any perfon or perfons appointed by him for that purpofe, under or perfons ap- his hand and leal, (hall have power to grant adminiftration of the pointed by effedbs of inteftates, and the probate of wills ; and that the effedbs ^eceafed perfons (hall not be adminiftered within the iilandof tions and pro- Newfoundland^ or on the ifiands and leas aforefaid ; or on the banks bates of wills, of Newfoundland, unlefs adminiftration thereof, or probate of wills refpedting the fame, fhall have been duly granted by fuch authority as aforefaid.

giGeo.^.c.^. XI. And be it further enadbed, That an adb palled in the laft continued till feftion of parliament, intituled, An aft for efiablifmng a court of fimrpml0^ 'wil jurifcliftion in the if and of Newfoundland,.^;* a limited time^ nnrpmp which adb was to have continued in force from the tenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, for one year, .and unto the end of the then next feftion of parliament, (hail be and continue in force until the opening of the fupreme court in-ftituted by virtue of this adb, and no longer; and every fuit or complaint which (hall at that time be depending in the faid coutt of civil jurifdidtion, (hall and may be proceeded upon in the faid

fupreme

the fupreme court

Hosted by Google

92.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. cl4	577

fupreme court, in the fame manner as any fuit or complaint originally commenced in the faid fupreme court.'

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall not be lawful No court, ex-for any court in the ifland of Newfoundland\ or iflands aforefaid

(except the fupreme court, and the furrogate courts appointed furrogate

by virtue of this a&) to hold plea of any fuit or complaint of a courts, to hold

civil nature, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary not- pleas of a civil

withftanding: provided neverthelefs, that the court of vice ad- nature*

miralty having iurifdiCtion in the faid ifland, fhall and may hold 7ice ^rmral-j % o j	>	j	fy court mav

plea of maritime caufes (except only the wages of feamen and p]ea 0/

fifhermen, which are to be heard and determined in manner maritime

herein-after dire&ed) and caufes of the revenue, as heretofore caufes (except

pra&ifed and ufed : provided alfo, that all difputes which fhall a^|^aufes of

arife concerning the wages of any feaman or fifherman, and all revenue

offences which fhall be committed by any hirer or employer of j>;fputcs re_

fuch feaman or fifherman, againft this or any other aCi, relating fpe&ing wages

to the ifland of Newfoundland, or the iflands and feas aforefaid, of feamen,

or the fifhery thereof, fhall and may be heard and determined,

and the penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred fhall and may feffiorjs°or be-

be recovered in the court of fe(lions, or before any two juftices fore two juf-

of the peace.	tices.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That it fhall iafc law- Suits for debts

ful for the court of feflion, in a fummary way, to hear an^Ldefccr^ not exceeding mine all fuits for the payment of debts not exceeding dftrty 4os. may be^ fhillings, and not contracted mere than one year, before the com- a	in

mencement of fuch fuits refpectively ; and it fiiall be-lawful for way, See.' the court of feflion, or fuch two juftices refpectively, to awiard

cofts therein; and fuch determination and award fhall be’fihal, and fhall be carried into execution by attachment and fale of the goods and effefts of the party againft whom the determination ~ . was made.	,	v	.	r	-	...

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for Chief juftice the faid chief juftice to fettle fuch forms of procefs, and fuch ^	and

rules of praCtice and proceeding, for the conduct of aii pleas, appoint Ure ' fuits, and complaints, and for the difpatch of the bufinefs of tie f^cs-to betaken faid fupreme court, and furrogate courts, and of the bufinefs 1(1 m the courts, the courts of feflion, or before any one or more juftices of the ^c* peace refpeCtively, and to appoint fuch reasonable fees to be taken	:	.

for the conduCt and difpatch of pleas, fuits, complaints, and other bufinefs as aforefaid, and for the granting admimftration of the effeCls of inteftates, and for the probate of wills, as fhall - x feem neceffary and proper for expediting matters with the moft convenience and leait expence to the parties concerned therein ; and fuch procefs, and rules of praCtiee and proceeding, fhall be followed and obeyed ; and fuch fees fhall be paid accordingly, Fees in furro* and no other'; and that all fuch fees received in any furrogate £ate courts to ■court*(hall be paid and accounted for by the furrogate in the faid fupreme court; and that it.fhall be lawful for the laid chief juftice, pre^e court" and he is hereby required to fettle and limit what fees and poundage fhall be taken by the flieriff of Newfoundland, and the fame fhall be taken, and none other.

XV. And

Hosted by Google

For the recovery and application of penalties.

578 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c* 47. [1792^

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all fines, penalties* and forfeitures, impofed by any aft of parliament made* or which fhall hereafter be made, relating to the ifiand of Newfoundland\ or the fifhery thereof, may be recovered in a fummary way in the faid fupreme court, or in any furrogate court; and every penalty and forfeiture of the fum of ten pounds or under, may be recovered in the court of feflion, or before any one or more juftices of the peace; and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed, paid, or levied in any furrogate court, or in any court of feflion, or before any one or more juftices of the peace, fhall be forthwith eftreated, and paid into the faid fupreme court by the furrogate, or by the juft ice or juftices of the peace refpeftively, before whom they were recovered ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid fupreme court to ifiue procefs for better compelling fuch juftices and fur-rogates to bring to account all monies which ought to be fo paid and accounted for as aforefaid ; and all money arifing from fuch fees, fines, penalties, and forfeitures fhall be applied and appropriated towards defraying the expence of carrying this act into execution.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That if any aftion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced againft any perfon for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, fuch aftion or fuit fhall be commenced within fix months next after the matter or thing ‘done ;

General ifiue. and the defendant in fuch fuit or aftion may plead the general ifiue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant, or the plaintiff'fhall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his action after the defendant has appeared, or if judgement fhall be given, upon any verdift or demurrer, againft the plaintiff7, the defendant fhall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafe6 by law.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no officer whatever, being in the fervice of his Majefty*s

ingas ajufttce" cu^oms ln ifiand of Newfoundland^ fhall be capable of adting ’ as a juffice of the peace in and for the faid ifiand.

XVIII.	And. be it further enafted, That this aft fhall continue in force until the tenth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

Limitation of adions.

Treble cofts.

No officer of the cuftoms

Continuance of this ad.

CAP. XLV1I.

An aft to explain and amend fo much of an a51^ made in the fe-venth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, as relates to hackney coaches and chairs.

Preamble. TT7HEREAS by an aEl of parliament, made in the feventh 7 Geo.^.c. Vv year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled,, An aft 44. recited. for altering the ftarnp duties upon policies of afiurance; and for reducing the allowance to be made in refpeft of the prompt payment of the ftamp duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and ether excifeable liquors; and for explaining and amending fe-

veral

Hosted by Google

x7920 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeorgiL III. c. 47;	579

veral a£ts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs;

2V is amongJl other things enabled, That every coachman, licenfed	\

//;£ commijfwners for regulating and licenfmg hackney coaches, plying for hire within the city of London or Wtftminfter, Jhould be obliged and compellable, on every day of the week, at feafonable /times, to go any where within the dijlance of ten miles from the city of London or Weftminfter: ana whereas doubts have ariferi what are feafonable times for fuch coachmen to go within the true intent and meaning of the fa id a£l, and 7nany of fuch coachmen refufo to go after fun-fot to any dijlance from the faid cities or the fub~ urbs thereof where the houfos are not immediately adjoining\ by means vohereof many perfons zvho refode at Jhort diftances from the faid cities, or the fuburbs thereof are put to great inconvenience: for remedy whereof may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena£led; and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and Hackney after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and nine- coachmen ty-two, every hackney coachman licenfed by the commiffioners	io°

for regulating and licenfmg hackney coaches, and his, her, or miles from their renter or driver* plying for hire within the cities of Lon- London or don or Weftminijler, or the fuburbs thereof, fhall be obliged and Weftminfter, compellable, on ev^ry day of the week (unlefs he or they fhall hereinCfi>ecifi-have been out twelve hours, or fhall have other reafonable excufe ed; to be allowed of by the faid commiftioners, or the juftice before whom any fuch matter fhall be brought in queftion), to go to any place within the diftance of ten miles, in cafe fuch coachman fhall have time to return lo the faid cities by or before fun-fet, or the fare fhall undertake to return in fuch hackney coach.

II. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That and at any every hackney coachman plying as aforefaid, fhall be obliged	,

and compellable, on every day of the week, and at any hour of jaf]e to ^ the night (unlefs he or they fhall have been out twelve hours, or uponalUight-have fuch other reafonable excufe to be allowed of as aforefaid), ed turnpike to go upon all publick high roads, being turnpike roads, or that two^miles^i now are or hereafter fhall be lighted up, any where within the an half from diftance of two miles and an half from the ends or extreme parts the ends of the of the feveral and refpedfive carriage-waypavements of the cities of carnage-way London and Wejhninjier, or the fuburbs thereof, where a regular Pavements* continuation of carriage-way pavement doth extend.

Ill* Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That Perfons hiring every perfon hiring a hackney coach to go any further diftance coaches after than the regular continuation of the carriage-wav pavement doth beyond there-extend, after fun-let, fhall be liable to pay to the coachman, not gUlar continu-only the fare he is by law intitled to, but alfo fixpence for' every ation of the diftance not exceeding half a mile that fuch coachman fhall have carriage-way to return to the extreme end of the carriage-way pavement after fetting down his fare, unlefs the fare fhall return in fuch hack- tiondfare -ney coach, which additional fare fhall and may be recovered by unlefs they re-the fame ways and means as any other fare due to fuch coach- turn therein. - Vql, XXXV1L	Q^q	man

Hosted by (jOO^Ic

5§o Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c, 48. [1792.

man is now by law recoverable; and in cafe of fuch hackney coachman’s refufal to go, or exacting any more for his hire than as aforefaid, he or they (hall be fubjeft arid liable to the like penalty and punifhment as may, by any of the laws now in force, be inflated in cafes of refufal to carry for hire, or demanding, receiving, or taking for hire any greater fum than fuch hackney coachman is intitled unto.

Proceedings IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no not to be proceeding to be had touching the conviftion of any offender or rtf1 of form °^*en<^ers	this aft, or any order made, or any other mat- '

oTremoveaWe ter or thing to he done or tranfafted in or relating to the execu-by certiorari, tion of this aft, fhall be vacated or quafhed for want of form, or be removed by' Certiorari, or by any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjter, any law, ftatute or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding; and that if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of General iffue. this aft he or they fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aft in evidence; and if upon a trial a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonfuited, difeontinue, or forbear profecuting his or their faid action or aftions, then fuch defendant or defendants Treble colts, fhall have treble cofts, to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which cofts he fhall have fuch remedy as in Bye laws rela- other cafes where cofts are by law given to defendants: provide nev coadfo* always neverthelefs. That nothing herein contained fhall be owners not	conftrued to extend to, or to leffen or abridge any of the bye laws

herebyabridg- now in being relative to fuch hackney coach owners, their rented*	ers or drivers.

Publick aft, V. And be it further enafted, That this aft fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft; and all judges, juftices, and other perfons, fhall take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XLVIII.

An aft to irrrpower the jujitces of the peace for the county of Middlefex to continue a feffion of the peace, and of oyer and terminer, begun to be holden before the effoign day of term, and fitting of the King’s bench at Weftminfter, notwithstanding the happening of fuch cjfoign day, or the fitting of the faid court of King’s bench at Weftminfter, or elfewhere, in the faid county ^Middlefex.

Preamble. 117 HERE AS by an aft, pajfed in the twenty-fifth year of the Qeo 3' c> YV reign of his prefent Majejty, intituled, An aft to impower x8, recited. the juftices of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of Newgate dot the county of Middlefex^ to continue to hold a feflion of gaol delivery of Neivgate, begun to be holden before the effoign day of term, and fitting of the King’s bench at Weftminfter, notwith-ftanding the happening of fuch effoign day, or the fitting of the faid court of King’s bench at Wejiminjter, or elfewhere, in the faid

"Y '	'' county

Hosted by Google

J792*l Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 49.	581

county of Middlefex; it was enabled, "That, from and after the third day of May one thoufandfeven hundred and eighty-five, when any [effort of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of the faid gaol of Newgate, for the faid county of Middlefex,- Jhall have been begun to be holden before the effoign day of any term, that the fame feffion J,hall and may be continued to be holden, and the bufmefs thereof finally concluded, notwithfanding the happening of fuch effoign day of any term, or the fitting of his Majefiy*s faid court of King’s bench at Weft-mi nfter, or elfewhere, in the faid county of Middlefex: and whereas it is convenient that the feffion of the peace, and feffion of oyer and terminer, holden before the jufiices of the peace for the faid county of Middlefex, floould be held as near as may be at the fame time the feffion of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of the faid gaol of Newgate for the [aid county of Middlefex is holden: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven Seflion of the hundred and ninety-two, when any feffion of the peace and feffion of oyer and terminer, holden before the juftices of the miner for CI*” peace for the faid county of Middlefex, fhall have been begun to Middlefex,not be holden before the effoign day of any term, that the faid feffion to bedifconti-Ihall and may be continued to' be holden, and the bufmefs there- ^ofthe of finally concluded, notwithftanding the happening of fuch cWrto°Kingas effoign day of any term, or the fitting of his Majefty’s faid court bench, &c. of King’s bench at Wefiminjler, or elfewhere, in the faid county of Middlefex y and that all trials, judgements, proceedings, acts, deeds, matters, and things, whatfoever, and all proceedings, acts, deeds, matters, and things, in purfuance of fuch judgements, had, made, and done at fuch felfion, fo continued to be holden after the effoign day of any term, or the fitting of his faid Majefty’s court of King’s bench at Wefiminfier, or elfewhere, in the faid county of Middlefex, fhall be good, valid, and effectual	"

in law, and deemed, reputed, and taken to be fo, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever : any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Publick act* this act fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick act.

CAP. XL1X.

An aft for allowing the importation of Quercitron or black oak bark, when the price of oak bark fhall be wider the price mentioned in an aft of the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, and for loiuering the duty payable on red Mangrove bark imported into this kingdom.

TT7 HEREAS by an aft, paffed in the twelfth year of the reign Preamble.

VV of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for encouraging 13 Geo. 3. c* the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon 50. recited, the importation of oak bark, when the price of fuch bark fhall exceed a certain jate5 for a limited time, it is, among other things,

QLq 2

Hosted by Google

£82 Anno regni tricefuno fecundo Georgii III. c. 49 . [1792.

enabled, "Thai at all times zvhen the price of oak bark Jhall be under ten pounds for the load of hatch bark, containing forty-five hundred weighty delivered at the buyers warehoufes in the city of London, or within the zueekly bills of mortality, or when the price Of oak bark in the rinds fall be under two pounds ten Jhillings for the load ofrinds, containing thirty yards, when the fame are fet three rinds thick with two jkirts and a cover, delivered at the buyers warehoufes within the city of London, or zveekly bills of mortality, then, and in either of thefe cafes, no oak bark whatfoever Jhall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that Quercitron or black oak bark Jhould. be allozved to be i?nported from countries ?iot in Europe for the purpofe of dying, even zvhen the price of oak bark fall be under the prices mentioned in thefaid recited a£l-y be it therefore enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of. July .	one thouland feven hundred and ninety-two, it fhall'and may be

?n cafes notPC	f°r	anY	Per^on or perfons whatever to import into Great

lefsthan 1501b. Britain in Britijh^bmlt (hips, owned, navigated., and regiftered weight,	according	to	law,	from any country not in Europe, Quercitron

though the or black oak bark for the purpofe of dying, although the price of Eark may "be oa^ bark	unc^et* Prices tnentioned in the Paid recited

under the aft ; provided that fuch Quercitron or black oak bark be imported prices men- in caiks only not lefs than one hundred and fifty pounds net weight in the at the Icalf.

leuicua t. If. Jlnd whereas by an afi pajfed in the twenty-feventb year of the 27 Geo.,3. c. reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the 13. recited. feveral duties 01 cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in ■* lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties -com poll ng the publick revenue ; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandife, the produce or manufafture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, red Mangrove bark is fubjeft to a duty, on importation into Great Britain, of twenty feven pounds ten /hillings for every hundred pounds of the value thereof; and all oak bark is fubjedl to a duty, on importation into Great Britain, of one penny the hundred weight: and whereas it is expedient that red Mangrove bark Jhould be allowed to be imported, on payment of a duty only of two-pence for every hundred weight thereof and that Quercitron or black oak bark fiould be fubjeff to a duty, on importation into Great Britain, of two-pence the hundred Red Man grove weight; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, bark (in cafks froni ang after the fifth day o(July one thoufand feven hundred and x-olb weight) n^nety~tw0’ rec^ Mangrove bark fhall, on the importation thereof and Querci- J into Great Britain, be fubjeft and liable only to a duty of two-tron to pay a pence for every hundred weight thereof, and fo in proportion for duty on im- any greater or lefs quantity thereof; provided the fame be imported adrtp^r°cwt an ca^s onty not lefs than one hundred and fifty pounds net ‘iw	• weight

Quercitron may be imported from any country

Hosted by Google

x792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 50.	583

weight at the leaft ; and that Quercitron or black oak bark fhall, on the importation thereof into Great Britain^ be fubjedband liable to a duty of two-pence for every hundred weigh| thereof, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity ; any thing in the faid recited act to the contrary notwithftanding.

C A P. L.

An aft for the relief of the coajl trade of Great Britain \ for exempt-ing certain coajl documents from Jlamp duties ; for abolijhing the bond vfually called The lile of Man Bond ; and for permitting corn and grain brought coajhvife to be tranjhipped into lighters^ for the purpofe of being carried through the canal from the Forth to thb Clyde.

J HE RE AS by an afty made and paffed in the thirteenth and Preamble. fourteenth years of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Secondy intituled\ An a61 for preventing frauds, and regulating 13 & 14 Car, abufes, in his Majefty’s cuftoms, it was (amongjl other things) 2. c. 11. recite enaftedy That if any goods, wares, or merchandifeSy Jhould be /hipped ec** or put on boardy to be carried forth to the open fea^ from any one port, creeky or member in the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or port and town of Berwick, to be landed at any other place of the

■	realm, without a fujferance or warrant firft had and obtained from the officers of his Mcfejlfs cujlomsy all J'uch wares and merchandifes JloouLd be forfeited and lofi \ and that the mafter of every fl)ip or veffly that fiould Jo lade. or take in any goodsy wareSy or merchandifeSy to be landed mad difeharged as aforejaidy Jhouldy before the Jhip or ve/Jel be removed or carried out of the port (where he Jhould take in his lading)y take out a cocquet or cocquetSy and become bound to the Kingys majefyr. with good feenrityy in the value of tbe goods, wareSy and merchandifes aforefaidy for the delivery and difeharge thereof in the port or place for which the fame fnouid be entered as aforefaidy or in fome other port vjithin the faid kingdom of England, dominion of

Wales, or port and town of Berwick: and whereas the like rules and rejlriftio.ns are required, by law in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, with regard to gqodsy wareSy and merchandifeSy removed from one port, creeky or member, in Scotland, to another port or place in Scotland or England refpeftively : and zohereas the faid .rules and rejlriftions are in many inflances productive cf unneceffary embarraffnent and expence to the coafling trade of this kingdom ; be it enadbed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day. of July one Goods may thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, it fhall and may be law- conveyed

ful.to and for any perfon whatever to convey or remove and carrv *-° open ea* ,

■	V .	,	J A	,	J	,i-r , ■ < notn one port

forth to the open lea, any goods, wares, or merchandise, which to any other

fhall be {hipped or put on board according to the directions of place in Great

{his adb, at any port, epeek, or member or any port, in Great Britain, with-

Britahiy to be landed or difeharged at any other port or place in £r bond^Tub-

• Great Britain3 without taking out any cocquet or cocquets, or je& toVertaia

Q^q 3	giving	regulations*

Host . by

Google

584 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Gegrgii III. c. 50. [179^*

giving any fecurity, by bond or otherwife, for the delivery and difcharge thereof at fuch port or place, fubjeft neverthelefs to the feveral exemptions, provifoes, rules, and regulations, herein-Goods pro- after mentioned: provided always, That no goods, wares, or exported° n^rdiandize, which are or fhall be prohibited to be exported not to be* # from Great Britain to foreign parts, nor any goods, wares, or earned coaft- merchandize, which are or {hall be liable to any duty, or return wife without 0f premium or bounty, to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or bon^Ue&cnd which are or fhall be entitled to any allowance to be made for "*	° wafte on exportation thereof, or on being carried or brought

coaftwife, nor any goods, wares, or merchandize, which {hall be, by virtue of any act or a£ls of parliament, warehoufed upon the importation thereof in Great Britain, on payment of a certain duty, and afterwards carried or conveyed coaftwife for the purpofe of exportation, nor any goods, wares, or merchandize, liable to duty of cuftoms on importation into, or on exportation from Great Britain, unlefs the amount of fuch duty, on the whole of the cargo fo to be carried coaftwife, fhall not exceed five pounds fterling, fhall be allowed to be removed or carried coaftwife, in any {hip, veffel, boat, or hoy, from any port, creek, or member- of a port, in that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of JVales, or town and port of Berwick, until the roaf-ter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command thereof, (hall have taken out a cocquet or cocquets, and become bound to the King’s majefty for the delivery and difcharge of fuch goods, Wares, or merchandize, in the like manner as was required by law before the pafting of this a6b ; or to be {hipped or laden on board any {hip, veffel, boat, or hoy, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the purpofe of being carried coaftwife to any part of Great Britain, until the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command thereof, {hall have obtained a fufferance, warrant, or permit, for {hipping or lading the fame, and become bound with good fecurity to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the value of the goods, wares, and merchandize contained in fuch fufferance, warrant, or permit, or in the indorfement to be made thereon, as herein is diredled, for the due landing of the fame, and alfo (the dangers and accidents of the feas excepted), for returning a certificate from the chief officer or officers of the cuftoms at the port, member, or creek, where the fame {hall be landed and difeharged, within fix months after the date of fuch fufferance, warrant, or permit, to his Majefty’s officers of the cuftoms to whom fuch fecurity hath been given as aforefaid, that fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, were there landed and difeharged accordingly, upon the penalty of forfeiting the fecurity aforefaid j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Goods, &c. II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That a^rrkd^coafte S00(^s5 wares, and merchandize, by this a61 intended to be wife1'without a^owe^ to be carried coaftwife without cocquet and bond, {hall cocquet and and may be {hipped and laden on board any {hip, veffel, boat, or bond, may be hoy, Britijh built, and owned by Britijh fubjedfs, and navigated

according

Hosted by Google

i792*] Anno regni trlcefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 50.	585

according to law, and in none other, at any port, creek, or mem- fhipt by fuf-ber of a port, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or town and port of Berwick, by fufferance 0pen fea by or warrant, and {hall and may be removed and carried forth to tranfire, See,' the open fea, to be landed at any other port or place in Great Britain, by tranfire or Jetpafs only, and at any port, creek, or member of a port, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.> by fufferance, warrant, or permit, and may be removed in like manner by fuch fufferance, warrant, or permit only, the fame being indorfed in manner herein diredted: provided always, That jsTo tranfire nothing in this aeft contained {hall extend, or be deemed or con- required ftrued to extend, to require any tranfire or letpafs in any cafe where the where the {hip or v£ffel does not go to open fea, or where coc'- g.Ql^0 open°^ quet and bond, or tranfire or letpafs, were not, nor was required fea,'&c. by law on and immediatly before the firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That no goods, No goods

wares, or merchandize, which {hail have been laden on board at Ihipt in Scot-any port, creek or place, in Scotland, by fufferance, warrant, or ance to be^re-permit, and without cocquet and bond, or without cocquet, moved with-fhall be carried, conveyed, or removed out of or from any port, out the fame, creek, or place in Scotland\ without fuch fufferance, warrant, or and a certiti-permit accompanying the fame, and a certificate of the {hipping	the

officer or officers indorfed thereon, certifying the particulars of officer.

the goods, wares, or merchandize which were {hipped or laden oh board by virtue thereof.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty on

if the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or mailers of vef-command of any fhip, veflel, boat, or hoy, in or on board of ^er<^n^ which any goods, wares, or merchandize fhall be {hipped or laden t^be car-in order to be carried coaftwife within Great Britain, {hall pro- ried coaftwife, ceed coaftwife in that part of Great Britain called England, the proceeding dominion of Wales, or town and port of Berwick, without a without cocr cocquet, tranfire, or letpafs, or in that part of Great Britain Tiet> °a:* called Scotland, without a fufferance, warrant, or permit indorfed as herein is directed, in the cafes in which the fame are refpec-* lively required, every fuch mafter or other perfon fhall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the futn of fifty pounds.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Goods com-if any goods, wares, or merchandize, brought or coming into mg into Great any port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain, from any ^c^uet ^&c other port or place in that part of Great Britain called England> forfeited5, if the dominion of Wales^ or town and port of Berwick, by cocquet, unihipped be-tranfire, or letpafs, or from any other port or place in that part f°re delivery of Great Britain called Scotland^ by fufferance, warrant, or per- °ft*e &£"to mit indorfed as herein is required, in any fhip, veffel, boat, or t^e officer, hoy, fhall, from and after the faid fifth day of "July one thoufand

feven hundred and ninety-two, be unfhipped, to be landed or put on ihore, before fuch cocquet, tranfire, or letpafs, or fuch fufferance, warrant, or permit, indorfed as aforefaid, refpe&ively,

Q^q 4	(hall

Hosted by

Google

$86 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeoUgii III* c. 50. [1792.

fhall be ^delivered to the cuftomer, or collector and comptroller, of the port or place of her arrival, and warrant or fufferance made and given from fuch cuftomer, or collector and comptroller, for the landing and difcharging thereof, the mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of every fuch fhip, veflel, boat, or hoy, (hall forfeit and lofe the value of fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes; or if any goods, wares, or merchandizes of foreign growth, production, or manufacture, fhall, on coming coaftwife as aforefaid, be landed without the prelence of an officer of the cuftoms, all fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft.

Perfpns coun- VI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That ferin^es^ &c~ ^'znY Per^on whatever (hall counterfeit, rafe, or falfify any fuf-to forfeit 2ool. ^erance? warrant, cocquet, tranfire, letpafs, certificate, or permit, or any other cuftom houfe warrant, document, or inftru-ment, or any indorfement thereon, or any of them, by this ad required, every perfon fo offending fhall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and the fufferance, warrant, cocquet, tranfire* letpafs, certificate, permit, document, or other inftrument and indorfement fo counterfeited, rafed, or falfified, fhall refpeCtively be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatever.

VII.	Arid, for the better preventing frauds in the J.hipping any

goods, vjares, or merchandize^ to be carried c oaf wife as aforefaid • be

If goods fhip- it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after

ped to he car-	fifth	day of ‘July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-

ried coaftwife	.rr	,	J n JJ r	,	,	- J

fhall exceed two, “ a*ter tne fhipping of any goods, wares, or merchandize, to

the quantity be carried coaftwife as aforefaid, and after the mafter, or other expreffed in perfon having or taking the charge or command of the fhip, vef-&c the^racefs ^	or	h°7> *n which the fame fhall be fhipped, fhall have

to be forfeit- received a cocquet, tranfire, letpafs, fufferance, or permit, or edj	other coaft document, as by this or any former a£l is dire&ed,

expreffing or indorfed with the particulars of the goods, wares, or merchandize which have been fhipped, it fhall be found by any officer of the cuftoms, on examination thereof, that the goods, wares, and merchandize fhipped or laden on board fhall exceed in quantity the particulars of the goods, wares, and merchandize expreffed either in the cocquet, tranfire, or letpafs, or in the permit or other coaft document aforefaid, obtained for the removing or carrying the fame coaftwife, or on the indorfement to be made upon any fufferance, warrant, or permit, as by this or any former adf is directed, all fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, as fhall exceed the quantity fo authorifed to be carried coaftwife as afore-y faid, fhall be forfeited and loft, cefehas^arifen VIII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enafted^ That if it fhall by mi (take, appear to the fatisfa6tion of the commiffioners of his Majefty^s the forfeiture cuftoms, that fuch excefs has arifen by miftake, and without in-may be waiv- tention of fraud, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commif-fionefsto waive the forfeiture, without any reward or fatisfaftion to the feizing officer, if under the circumftances of the cafe it fhall appear to the faid commiffioners reafonable fo to do.

IX,	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That,

from

Hosted by Google

i792*] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 50.	587

from and after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hun- No veffd to dred and ninety-two, it fhall not be lawful for any officer or of- ^ dea^o^ ficers of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Great Britain, to permit or coaftwjfe fufFer any fhip or veffel to be cleared out coaftwife, from any until the port or place whatever in Great Britain^ until the mafter, or mafter enters other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veffel, fhall give fecurity to his Majefty, his heirs and conditfons^or fucceffors, by bond, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, (which until a certifi-fecurity fhall be taken by the collector or other principal officer cate be proof the cuftoms at fuch port or place, and who is hereby autho- duced of fucl1

l	l	s	/	iprnriTV hpv*

rifed and required to take fuch fecurity), with condition that beeyn he-*

fuch mafter, or other perfon having or taking the charge or com- fore given*

mand of fuch fhip or veffel, will not at any time thereafter land

or caufe to be landed, or permit or fuffer to be landed, any goods,

in any part of this kingdom, in any manner which is or fhall be

prohibited by lav/, or take the fame on board in order to their

being fo landed, nor be anyways concerned, or aiding or aftifting

in fraudulently importing, unfhipping, or landing the fame; and

will not hinder, moleft, or oppofe any of his Majefty’s officers of

the cuftoms or excife, or any other perfon or perfons, aftifting

them or either of them in the due execution of their refpedtive

offices or employments; or until fuch mafter, or other perfon

having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veffel,

fhall produce a certificate, under the hand of the collector or other

principal officer of the cuftoms at fome other port or place in

Great Britain, of fuch fecurity having been before given at fuch

other port or place, to fuch collector or other principal officer, by

fuch maPrer or other perfon as aforefaid; and no fuch bond fhall Such bonds

be charged or chargeable with, or fubjedt or liable to any of the hable to

duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper; nor fhall any fee, ^ P u ^

gratuity, or perquifite, be paid or taken, or any charge made, by

any perfon or perfons whatever, in any manner, for or on account

of fuch bond.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That How goods all goods, wares, or merchandize, which fhall be by virtue of this fubjedtto for-adt fubjedt to forfeiture, fhall and may be feized, fued, profecuted, and condemned, and the produce thereof diftributed and applied be fued for, in fuch and the like manner, and by fuch and the like ways, means, &c. rules, and methods, as goods, v/ares, and merchandize, fhipped 'to be carried coaftwife within Great Britain, without a (utterance or warrant firft had and obtained, are forfeited, and fhall and may be feized, profecuted, and condemned, and the produce diftributed and applied, by virtue of any former adt or adts of parliament what-foever; and that the feveral penalties inftidted by this act fhall and may be fued for and recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhnin- -Jler, or the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, refpedtively, one moiety whereof fhall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, and the other moiety thereof to him or them who fhall inform or fue for the fame.

Xlt And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That,

from

Hosted by Google

difcharging goods carried coaftwife, to

duty.

5 Geo. 3.

c. 39. and

588 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeorGII III. c. 50. [1792.'

No bond for from and after the faid fifth day of 'July one thoufand feven hun-dred and ninety-two, in all cafes where a fecurity remains, not-withftanding this aft, to be taken by any officer or officers of his bt chargeable Majefty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland refpeftively, for any with ftamp matter or caufe relating to the carrying, conveying, or removing any goods, wares, or merchandize, coaftwife, within Great Britain, no bond or bonds for the delivery or difcharge of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, at any port or place in Great Britain, {hall be charged or chargeable with, or fubjeft or liable to, any of the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper, any former law to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XII.. And whereas, by an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled., An aft for more effeftually preventing the mifchiefs arifing to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandeftine trade to and from the Ife of Many a fufcient bond, as therein is mentioned, is required to be given for every Jhip or vejfel that fhould ft fail out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, for any part of Africa, or any of his Majeff s dominions out of this realmy tvith condition not to take on hoard\ during the courfe of the voyage, any fores, goods, or merchandizes whatfoever, at the ifle of Man, nor any fores, goodsy or merchandizes which Jhould have been brought from thence : and whereas, by an all made and pa fed in the twenty-fxth year of the reign of his faid prefent Majefy, intituled, An aft for regulating the produdtion of manifefts, and for more effeftually preventing fraudulent practices in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandeftine relanding of goods, certain provifons are ?nade, whereby the afore-faid purpofes of the faid recited all of the fifth year of his prefent Majefy’s reigUj are ?nore fully anfivered and efefted; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the faid ■ fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, fo much of the laid recited aft as requires the faid bond, therein and

56 Geo; 3, c. 40. recited.

So much of 5 Geo. 3.c. 39 as relates to the Ifie of

31 Geo.' recited.

.c.30.

Man bond re- this aft mentioned (ufualiy called The Ife of Man Bond) to be pealed.	given,	fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIII. And whereas, by an aft pa fed in the thirty-firf year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An aft for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payrhent of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britif corn ex-*-ported, it is enafted, That any fort of corny mealy or four, either Bri-tifh or foreigny or any malt made ofJuch corny fall not be permitted to be carried coafwify or oiherwije conveyedfro?n any port in Great Britain, zvhere the exportation thereofy according to the regulations of the faid afty is not allowed at the time that the faid corriy malty mealy or four was aftually fippedy and be landed or unfipped at any other port of Great Britain, from whence the faniCy according to the regulations of the faid afty may then be exported; be it enafted, That wife totCOa^” nothing in the faid aft or in any other aft contained fhall extend, Grange-	or conftrued to extend, to prevent any fort of corn, malt, meal,

9 “	or flour, which fhall be brought coaftwife from any port of Great

Britain to Grangemouthy in the county of Stirlingy within the pre-cinft of the port of Borrowfonefs, or to Greenock in the river Cfydey

c.r

Com, See.

mouth, Sec. may be conveyed by the

H.osted by Google

1792-l Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 50.	589

or to any port or creek in the faid river above Greenock, within Forth arid^ the precindl of the port of Port Glafgow, and which, according to the .directions of the adl above recited, may not be landed to any there, from being unfhipped out of the fhip or veffel in which the the faid canal, fame was fo brought coaftwife, into a lighter or lighters, and &c. under therein conveyed by the canal called The Forth and Clyde Navi-	re£u**

gation, to any port or creek on the faid canal, or on the river a 1 Clyde, or in the frith of Forth, at which the fame, according to the directions of the faid recited act, may be landed ; provided that before the fame, or any part thereof, be fo unfhipped, or be put on board any lighter, a fufferance or warrant be for that purpofe obtained from the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the port within which it is fo to be unfhipped ; and that no part thereof be fo unfhipped, or be fo put on board as aforefaid, without the prefence of the proper officer of the cuftoms, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all corn, malt, meal, or flour which fhall be fo unfhipped, or fhall be fo put on board as aforefaid, without fuch fufferance or warrant firft had and obtained for that purpofe as aforefaid, or without the prefence of the proper officer of the cuftoms; which corn, malt, meal, or flour fo forfeited, may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms, and may be profecuted, and the produce thereof applied in like manner as is directed by-the in part recited a So with refpedl to corn thereby forfeited : provided alfo, That fuch corn, malt, meal, or flour to unfhipped into a lighter or lighters fhall, in the conveyance thereof to the port or place where it is to be landed, be accompanied with fuch fuffer-* ance or warrant as aforefaid, with a certificate indorfed thereon, under the hand of the proper officer, teftifying the quantity on board fuch lighter, and accompanied alfo with the coaft cocquet for the fame, unlefs where the conveyance of one (hip's cargo requires more lighters than one, in which c^fe the cocquet fhall accompany the lading of the firft only : provided alfo, That fuch corn, malt, meal, or flour, fo unfhipped into any fuch lighter, fhall be fubjedt to the like regulations, reftridlions, penalties, and forfeitures, as it would have been fubjedt to in cafe it had been brought coaftwife in fuch lighter from the port where it was ori- This aft not ginaliy fhipped : provided always, That nothing in this adl con- t0 an7 rained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to affedt in any- macje in any way whatever, any regulation or provifion made in any adl or a& of this adts palled in this prefent feffion of parliament.	feffion.

XIV.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid, That Limitation of if any adlion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced againft any actions, perfon or perfons, for any matter or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in purfuance of this adl, fuch adlion or fuit fhall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and fhall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in fuch adlion or fuit fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give this adl and the fpeciai matter in General iflfueo evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by authority of this adl; and if afterwards a verdidt fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the

plaintiff

Hosted by Google

590 Anno regni tridefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 51. [1792.

plaintiff or plaintiffs {hall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their action or profecution, or judgement ihall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants {hall have treble cods awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A P. LI.

An a5l to exempt certain letters pajfmg between merchants or other perfons carrying on trade or commerce in this kingdom, containing agreements with refpeff to tnerchandize, notes, or bills of exchange, from the Jiamp duty now impofed on written agreements.

C	W?	H E R E A S by an ally pajfed in the twenty-third year of the

belted 3 C ^*	reign	of	his	prefent	Majejly, intituled^ An a<ft for granting to

his Majefty feveral additional and new duties upon damped veU lum, parchment, and paper; and alfo for repealing certain exempt tions from the damp duties; it is (amongf other things) enabled, That for every fkin or piece-of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet or piece of papery upon vjhich any agreement Jhall be ingroffedy written, or printedy whether the fame Jhall be only evidence of the contrary or obligatory upon the parties from its being a written infrumenty there Jhall he charged a Jlamp duty of fix JhillingSy in which faid all certain exceptions by way of provifion are made: and whereas doubts have been entertained refpelling the operation of the faid ally upon correfpondence between merchants refident in different parts of this kingdomy which if fubjeli to the effects of the faid ally and not within the proviftons by way of exception thereiOy would be attended with many evils towards the commerce of this country, and would much tend to the injury thereof; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament adembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid recited claufe in the faid a <51 contained fhall not extend, or be deemed, taken, or con-ftrued to extend, to make liable to the faid damp duty of fix (hillings, any letter or letters pading by the pod between merchants, or other perfons carrying on trade or commerce in this kingdom, and redding at the diftance of fifty miles from each other, for or by reafon of fuch letter or letters, containing an agreement in refpedt of any merchandize, notes, or bills of exchange, or evidence of fuch an agreement, but that fuch letter or letters may be received in evidence of fuch agreement as afore-r faid, although the fame be not damped;

II.	Provided always, That this a£l {hall not extend to any letter or correfpondence pading between perfons who are refidents of the fame town, city, or place, hor to any letter or correfpondence, written or fo palling as aforefaid, between perfons not, at the time of writing or fending thereof, at the aftual diftance of fifty miles from each other.

III.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch letters as aforefaid, which have heretofore oaffed between fuch perfons a§ afore7

faid,

The duty impofed by the recited ad of 6s. on agreements not to extend to letters pading by poft between merchants, See, redding 50 miles from each other.

Ad not to extend to the cafes herein mentioned.

All letters which have pafied be*

treble cods.

Preamble.

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georoii III. c. 52,53. 591

faid, maybe given in evidence in any court of law or equity; tween perfons

,any thins: in the faid recited a£t to the contrary notwithflandingv a8 a^refaid J 0	J	°	may	be	given

CAP. LII.	in	evidence.

An a<ft to continue, for a limited time, feveral a<fts.ofparIiament for regulating the fhipping and carrying flaves in Britifh vends from the coaft of Africa. —Continued until the firft of Auguft 1793.

c A P. LIII.

An aft for the more ejfeftual adminif ration of the office of a juflice of the peace in fuch parts of the counties of Middlefex and Surrey as lie in and near the metropolis^ and for the more ejfeftual prevention of felonies.

WHEREAS a due and regular attendance of fit and able ma- Preamble* gif rates at certain known places, and at fated times, in fuch parts of the counties of Middlefex and Surrey as lie in and near the metropolis, and a vigilant and feady adminifiration of the laws by them, is requ fte to the maintenance of peace and good order through-out the parts aforefaid: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadfed; and be it enadled by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it {hall and may be lawful His Majefty for his Majefty to caufe feven feveral publick offices to be efta- may caufe fe-blifhed in or near the following places, namely, the parifhes of ven publick Saint Margaret Wefminfer, Saint James Wefhninfier, Saint James eftablifhed Clerkenwef Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Mary Whitechapel, and and appoint Saint Paul Shadwell, in the county of Middlefex, and at or near three juftices Saint Margaret's Hill, in the borough of Southwark, in the county ^ eactu of Surrey, and at each of the faid publick offices to appoint three fit and able perfons, being juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middlefex, and county of Surrey tefpedtively, to execute the office of a juftice of the peace, together with fuch other juftices of the peace for the faid counties refpedtively, as may think proper to attend,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Juftices to atone or more of the faid juftices fo to be appointed as aforefaid tend at certain fhall diligently attend at each of the faid public offices every day, ours* from ten of the clock in the morning until eight of the clock in the evening, and at fuch other times and places as fhall be found neceffary; and that two of the faid juftices, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, fhall in like manner attend together at each of the laid offices, fropi eleven of the clock in the forenoon until one in the afternoon, and from fix of the clock in the evening until eight of the clock in the evening of everyday: provided always. That the attendance of one of the faid juftices may be fupplied, during the hours at which the attendance of two is required as aforefaid, by any other juftice of the peace for the faid counties of Middlefex or Surrey refpeftively.

HI. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That, from

and

Hosted by Google

592 Anno regni tricdimo fecnndo Georgii IIT. c. 53. [1792.’

After efta- and after the eftablifhment of the faid feven feveral publick offices tiie^offices°no aS a^ore^a^ (twenty-one days notice thereof being given in the fees to be* London Gazette), no juftice or juftices of the peace for the county taken, except of Middlefex, county of Surrey city and liberty of Weflminjler, or at them, by liberty of the tower of London, or his or their clerk or clerks, or f°r an^ Per^on ^or them, other than at the laid publick offices, fhall, &c. on penalty diretffly or indirectly, upon any pretence, or under any colour of iool. whatever, take or receive any fee, gratuity, reward, or recom-pence, for any aCt by him or them done or to be done in the execution of his or their office or employ as juftice or juftices of the peace, clerk or -clerks as aforefaid, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or within the parifhes of Saint Mary le Bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras, Kenfmgton, and Saint Luke at Chelfet7, in the faid county of Middlefex, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence, to be recovered, one moiety thereof to the receiver to be appointed in the manner herein-after mentioned, to be applied to the purpofes of this a6f, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who fhall fue for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminjler, by action of debt, plaint or information, wherein no efloin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed: provided always, but not to ex- neverthelefs, That-nothing in this a£t contained fhall be conftrued tend to fees to extend to any fees taken at any general or quarter feffions of

Tot* IifPTilinp*	^	J	O	i

alehoufes un- ^ie Peace? or at any meeting of juftices for the purpofe of licen-der 26 Geo. 2. fmg alehoufes, purluant to an a£t paffed in the twenty-fixth year c. 31. or taken of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aCl for office i^Bow^ reKl^at‘ind, ^oe manner of licenfing alehoufes in that part of Great Street &c. Britain called England, and for the more eafy convicting perfons felling ale and other liquors without licence, or to any fees taken at a certain publick office within the liberty of Weflminfler, known by the name of The Publick Office in Bow Street, or to any fees taken by any veftry clerk or his affiftant, as clerk to any juftice or juftices of the peace acting within the parifh in which fuch juftice or juftices refide, for the purpofe of enforcing the payment of any taxes or affeffments ariling within the fame parifh, or for the purpofe of hearing and determining any offence cognizable before a juftice or juftices of the peace, by virtue of any ftatute made and provided for the fpecial regulation or government of fuch parifh.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices fo appointed to attend at the faid feven publick offices as aforefaid, and their clerks, refpedlively, fhall, in books to be tobedelivered provided for that purpofe, keep a full, true, and particular account monthly to 0f a}] the fees taken and received at each of the faid offices, toge-aud the^Ver> t^ler	penalties	and	forfeitures	which	fhall have been re-

amount of fees covered, levied, or received, in purfuant of any adjudication, con-pffd to him, vidfion, or order, had or made at any of the faid feven publick offices, or any procefs or warrant iffuing from the fame; to which faid books and accounts the receiver to be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned fhall a-t all times have free acceTs;

and

Accounts of fees, Sec. taken at the feven offices

Sec*

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 53.	593:

and the faid juftices fhall once in every month deliver unto fuch receiver fuch account, verified upon oath by fuch juft-ice or justices, their clerk or clerks, and fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall be employed in keeping fuch accounts refpe£tively, or any part thereof, before Some juftice of the peace for the faid county of Middlefex, or county of Surrey, as the cafe may be, which oath fuch juftice is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter; and fhall pay and caufe to be paid the amount of all fuch fees unto fuch receiver, to be applied in manner herein-after mentioned -any law, ftatute or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, All penalties from and after the eftablifhment of the faid Seven publick offices, (except to all fuch penalties and forfeitures, and fhares of penalties and for- in^mers or feitures, as are or fhall be limited and made payable to his Ma- rec<wered jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, or to any defcription of perfons, at the publick other than the informer or informers who fhall Sue for the fame, offices to be or any party grieved, and which fhall be recoverable in a Summary Paid.to tte way before a juftice or juftices of the peace, and which fhall be recovered or adjudged before any juftice or juftices of the peace,

at either of the faid Seven publick offices, fhall be accounted for and paid into the hands of the receiver to be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned, by the juftice, clerk, conftable, officer, or other perfon or perfons who fhall levy or receive the fame, to be applied by fuch receiver in manner herein-after mentioned $ any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That If fees, &c. if the faid juftices to be appointed as aforefaid, or any other per- are not ac-fon, having received any fuch fees at any of the faid Seven publick ^receiv0? offices, fhall negle£t to account for and pay the fame in manner may fue for aforefaid; or if any juftice, juitice’s clerk, conftable, officer, or the fame in other perfon, who fhall levy or receive fuch penalties or for- an7 court of feitures, or fhares of penalties or forfeitures, fhall negle£t to pay

the fame into the hands of fuch receiver in manner aforefaid ; or	9

if any perfon having refigned fuch office of receiver, or having been removed from the fame, fhall negle6t, within twenty-one days after notice for that purpofe, to account for, and pay into the hands of the Succeeding receiver, all fuch Sums of money as fhall remain in his hands, applicable to the purpofes of this a6t, it fhall be lawful for fuch receiver for the time being, in his own proper name only, or by his name and defcription of office, to fue for and recover the fame, with double cofts of Suit, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhninfter, by a£tion of debt, or on the cafe, in which action it fhall be Sufficient for fuch receiver to declare as for money had and received to the ufe of fuch receiver, for the purpofes of this a£t; and the defendant or defendants in fuch a£tion may, at the difcretion of any judge of fuch court, be held to Special bail in fuch competent Sum as fuch judge fhall order and direct; and in any fuch action againft any Such perfon, fo liable to account as aforefaid, the Said court in which fuch action fhall be brought may, if fuch court fhall think proper, at the inftance of either of the parties, refer the account in dif-©	pute.

Hosted by Google

The receiver for the time

deceafed receivers, &c. and recover from executors, &C.

594 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 53. [1792.

pute, in a fummary manner, to be audited by any officer of the' faid court, or other fit perfon, at their difcretion; wfio may examine both plaintiff and defendant upon oath (which oath the faid perfon fhall have power to adminifter), and upon the report of inch referree, unlefs either of the parties (hall Ihew good caufe to the contrary, fuch court may make fuch a rule or order, either for the payment of fuch fum as upon fuch report {hall appear to be due, or for flaying the proceedings in fuch caufe, and upon - fuch terms and conditions as to the fame court fhall appear rea-fonable and juft, or the faid court may order judgement to be entered up by confeffion, for fuch fum as upon fuch report {hall appear to be due.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of the death of any receiver to be appointed by virtue of this aft, or of any perfon having refigned or

for^money ir^ ^een remove<^ fr°m fuch office, or any of the other perfons whom the hands of the Said receiver for the time being is authorifed to fue as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the receiver for the time being may in his own proper name only, or by his name and description of office, fue for and, recover fuch fum of money as fhall have been remaining, in the hands of fuch deceafed receiver or other perfon, applicable to the purpofes of this aft, of the executors or administrators of fuch perfon deceafed, in which action it fhall be fuffi-cient for the plaintiff in fubftance to ftate, that the deceafed was indebted to the plaintiff for money had and received for the purpofes of this aft, or that the deceafed died poffeffed of money had and received for the purpofes of this aft, whereby an aftion accrued to,the plaintiff, to demanded have the fame of fuch executors or adminiftrators; and the like aftion fhall and may be brought againft any executors or adminiftrators of executors or adminiftrators; in all which actions the defendant or defendants may plead in like manner, and avail themfelves of the like matters in their defence, as in any aftion founded upon Simple contrafts of the original teftator or inteftate; and in all aftions to be brought by fuch-receiver, by virtue of this aft, proof of the plaintiff’s aft-ing in the execution of fuch office fhall be fufficient evidence of his holding the fame, unlefs the contrary can be fhewn in evidence by the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. His Majefty in That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and council may fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, to to the l^ft^ces c?,re(^: the f*a^aries herein-after mentioned to be paid to the juftices

? fo appointed to attend each of the faid feven publick offices, for their time and trouble, and fuch further fums for their expences in the faid offices, and for the payment of clerks, peace officers, and others therein employed, in fuch manner as to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, fhali feem meet: provided always, That the yearly Salary paid to each of the juftices fhall be four hundred pounds, clear of all taxes and deductions whatever: provided alfo. That the whole charges attending any one of the faid offices (the faid Salaries

being

Hosted by Google

t792.3 Anno regrn tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 53.'	595

being included) (hall not exceed the annual fum of two thoufand -pounds.

IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That and appoint a

it fhall and maybe lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, rcceiver*

by and with the advice of his or their privy council, to appoint a

proper perfon, not being one of the juftices appointed to a£l at

either of the offices aforefaid, to be the receiver of the faid feven

publick offices; which faid receiver fhall keep an exacl and par- Duty and

ticular account of all fuch monies as fhall be received by him by Pow.er of the •	•	/	v	receiver

virtue of any provifions of this a6l, and forthwith pay fuch parts

thereof as fhall have arifen from any penalties or forfeitures, or fhares of penalties and forfeitures, in the manner herein-after mentioned, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and.fhall apply the refidue thereof in difeharge of the falaries, expences, and charges attending the faid publick offices, and the carrying this a61 into execution, and fhall make all fuch contracts andaisburfe-ments as fhall be neceffary for the hirings fitting up, and furnifh-ing proper and fufficient houfes or buildings wherein the faid leven publick offices fhall be held, in fuch manner as his Majefty, his flours and fucceffors, by and with the advice and confent of his or their privy council, fhall think proper to direct and appoint; of which faid premifes fo to be hired, and the fixtures and furniture thereof, and of all other neceffaries to be purchafed for the pur-pofes of this a61, the property or intereft fo acquired therein fhall be veiled in the receiver for the time being, who fhall and may in like manner fell, affign, and difpofe of the fame, or any part thereof, under the like directions and appointment, as occafion fhall require ; and fuch receiver fhall forthwith, after his appointment, prepare proper £>lans and eflimates of all fuch contracts and dif-burfements as fhall be neceffary for the purpofes aforefaid, and fhall deliver the fame to his Majefty’s principal fccretary of flate for the home department; and fuch receiver fhall further do and execute all fuch other lawful matters and things, towards the eflablifhment of the faid feven publick offices, and towards the carrying this a6l into execution, as his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, fhall from time to time think proper to dire6l.

X. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fuch receiver fhall, every fix months., and oftener, Receiver to if required, deliver to the lord high treafnrer, or the lords com- render ac-miffioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, a full and to'the11 particular account of all monies by him received and paid as treafury. aforefaid, with vouchers for the fame, which account fhall be verified upon oath before any juftice or baron of any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter; and fuch receiver, for his Allowance to care and pains in the execution of fuch office, fhall and may re- tiie receiver, tain to ms own ufe, out of the monies fo received by him as aforefaid, fuch fum, not exceeding five pounds per centum on the fame, as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, fhall dire6t and appoint: provided always, That if it fhall appear that the monies herein- If the monies Vol. XXXVII.	$r	beforetobeapplied

Hosted by Google

£96 Anno re*gni tricefima fe'ctindo Cr&Sitdlf III. c. 53. [1792;

in difcharge of before direfted to be applied by the faid receiver, in difeharge of beintofieient ^ar*es5 expences, and charges attending the faid feven pub-the deticiency -hek offices, and the carrying this a6f into execution as aforefaid, to be fupplied fhall not be fufficient to defray the fame, the deficiency fhall be out of the made up and fupplied out of the fund called "The Gonfotidated Fund\ fund° m^anv anc^ ^ at t^le en<^ an7 Tear there ftiall be any furplus in the furplus car- * hands of fuch receiver, he fhall pay the amount of fuch furplus ried thereto, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer ; and the fame, toge-» ther with the monies herein-before diretfted to be paid into the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, fhall be carried to and made part of the faid fund called "TbeGonfolidated Fund.

XI. Provided alfo, and be it further enatded by the authority His Majefty in aforefaid, That it fhall and maybe lawful for his Majefty, his council may heirs and fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy tion ofthe^ counc^> to make fuch alterations, in the places where any of the offices, &c. faid feven publick offices fhall be fituated, or to make fuch alterations in the hours of attendance therein, and to make all fuch other regulations to be obferved in conducing the fame, as he or they from time to time fhall think proper.

Ads direded XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That to be done by wbere, by any law now in being, or hereafter to be made, any act is directed or authoriled to be done by any jultice or juftices of the peace refiding in or near or next the parifh or place where any offence or other matter cognizable before them fhall be committed or fhall arife, the fame jurifdi£tion fhall and may be exer-dfed by a juftice or juftices a6ting in fuch of the faid feven pub-lick offices as may be fituated next or near fuch parifh or place. XIII. Provided-always, and be it ena£ted and declared. That

a juft ice near the place where an offence is committed, may be done by a juftice ading at the ntxt publick office.

juftices ap-	no juftices of the peace to be appointed as aforefaid, by virtue of

P°int^ ky	this a£t, fhall, during their continuance in fuch appointment, be

pable of being capable of being elelfted, or of fitting as members of the houfe of eleded mem- commons.

XIV. And be it further enaeded by the authority aforefaid, That ho juftice, receiver, or conftable, nominated and appointed as aforefaid by virtue of this a<d, fhall, during the time he or they fhall continue in their refpedKve offices, or within fix months after he or they fhall have quitted the fame, be capable of giving his vote for the election of a member to ferve in parliament for

bers of parliament.

Ko juftice, receiver, or conftable, un der this ad, capable of

giving his vote the counties of Muldlefex or Surrey, or for the city and liberty of ~ ^ Weftminfter, or the borough of Southwark refpeedively, nor fhall by word, meffage, writing, or in other manner, endeavour to perfuade any elecdor to give, or to diffuade any eletdor from giving, his vote for his choice of any perfon to be a member to ferve in parliament for the-faid counties, or for the faid city and-liberty of -IVejtminjler, or borough of Southwark; and every fuch juftice, receiver, or conftable as aforefaid,- offending therein, fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds ; one moiety thereof to the informer, the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the poor of the parifh or place where fuch offence fhall be committed, to be recovered by any. perfon that fhall fue for the fame by a<dion of

for the election of a member for Mid-dlefex, &c.

Penalty of look for ading contrary hereto;

debt, billy

or information,'in any of his Majeftyys courts

of

Hosted by Google

X7920 Anno regni tncefmio fccundo Georgii III. c. 53.'	597

of record at Wejlmlnfier, in which noeflbin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more- than one imparlanqe, fhall be allowed; fuch a&ion to be brought within the fpace of one year after fuch offence fo committed : provided neverthelefs, Ths adt fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to juftice, receiver, or conftable, as aforefaid, to an

J	J	J	_	■	*	*	j	*■	y	*	tiv-fiio in un-

nalties, for any act or acts done by him or them, at or concerning charge of any of the faid elections, in the difcharge of his or their duty or duty, duties in their faid refpedtive capacities.	~

XV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Juftices may the juftices to be appointed as aforefaid fhall, in their refpedtive

offices, as foon as conveniently maybe after their appointment, 0fc0nfi:ables retain and employ a fufficient number of fit and able men, whom at their re-they are hereby authorifed and impowered to fwear in, to adt as fpedtive offi* conftables for preferving the peace and preventing robberies and ces> other felonies, and apprehending offenders againft the peace within the faid counties of Middlefex and Surrey refpedtively, as well by night as by day; which faid conftables, fo appointed and fworn as aforefaid, fhall have all fuch powers and authorities, privileges and advantages, as any conftable duly appointed now has, or hereafter may have, by virtue of any law or ftatute now made, or hereafter to be made, and fhall obey all fuch lawful commands as they fhall from time to time receive from the faid juftices, for the apprehending offenders, or otherwife conducing themfelves in the execution of their faid office or employment; and fuch j uftices, or any two of them, fhall and may at any time difmifs from his faid employment every fuch conftable belonging to their refpedtive offices whom they fhall think remifs or negligent in the execution of his duty, or otherwife unfit for the fame, and appoint fuch others in their ftead as to them fhall feem meet: provided always,

That no greater number than fix fhall at one and the fame time but not to ex-

be fo retained as aforefaid at any one of the faid publick offices .* c,eed hx at

provided alfo, That if any perfon fo appointed a conftable as afore- cach*

faid fhall be difmiffed from his faid employment as aforefaid, all

powers and authorities vefted in him as a conftable, under and by on dlfmiffion

virtue of this adt, fhall immediately ceafe and determine, to all

intents and purpofes whatever.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid receiver, out of the monies herein-before directed Receiver to to be applied in dilcharge of the falaries, expences, and charges £a71tlie con* attending the faid publick offices, fhall and may pay to the con- “at> eSl> ftables fo appointed as aforefaid, far their trouble and attendance as aforefaid, any fum not exceeding twelve fhillings per week, and any extraordinary expences they fhall appear to have been neceffarily put to in apprehending offenders, and executing the orders of the juftices adtirig under and by virtue of this adt, fuch extraordinary expences being firft examined and approved of by the juftices attending the office in which fuch conftables fhall have been refpedtively appointed.

XVII.	And whereas divers ill-difpofed arid fufpeSied perfons, and reputed thieves, frequent the avenues to places of publick refort, and

Rr 2	the

Hosted by Google

t nothing in this but not to

fubject any fuch extend to aas J t J done at elec-v penalty or pe-	A\c.

59? Anno regni trieefimo fecundo Georgii III. c, 53. [1792.

the Jlreets and highways, with intent to commit felony on the perfons and property of his Majejbfs fubjefts there being, and although their evil purpofes are fujfciehtly manifeft, the power of his Majejlfs juftices of the peace to demand of them fureties for their good behaviour hath not been of fuffcientejfeft to prevent them from carrying their evil purpofes into execution', be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the eleventh day of June one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, it fliall and may be lawful for any con-(table, headborough, patrole, or watchman, to apprehend every fuch perfon, and convey him or them before any juftice of the peace ; and if it (hall appear before the faid juftice, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneftes, that fuch perfon or perfons is or are a perfon or perfons of evil fame, and a reputed thief or thieves, and fuch perfon or perfons fhall not be able to give a fatisfadlory account of himfelf or themfelves, and of his or their way of living, and it fliall alfo appear, to the fatisfaddion of the faid juftice, that there is juft ground to believe that fuch perfon or perfons was or were in fuch avenue, ftreet, or highway as aforefaid, with fuch intent as aforefaid, every fuch perfon fhall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the intent and meaning of the ftatute made in the feventeenth year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues and vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly perfons, and to houfes of correction : provided always, That .	if any perfon fhall think himfelf aggrieved by the judgement of

^Q-p-riev^n rniv	^ *	00	j	j o

appeal to the* ju^ce as aforefaid, fuch perfon may appeal to the jdftices of the peace at the next general or quarter felfions of the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the caufe of complaint fhall have arifen, fuch perfon, at the time of his conviction, entering into a recognizance, with two fufficient fureties,. conditioned perfonally to appear at the faid fefiions, to try fuch appeal, and to abide the further judgement of the juftices at fuch feffions aflembled; and in cafe fuch convidlion fhall be affirmed at fuch feffions, the faid juftices may adjudge fuch perfon to be a rogue and vagabond, and proceed againft fuch perfon in the fame man-as might have ner as they might have done if fuch rogue and vagabond had been done if been committed to the houfe of corredlion until fuch general or

tlnr party had quarter feffions: provided always. That no perfon convidfed un-been commit- s . .	~	„	..	r.	.	J	5	.. . . r .

ted.

Punifhments not to exceed imprifonment to hard labour for fix months.

Ad> not to deprive the

Co n {tables,■ See. may apprehend any fni'picious perfon, and convey him before a juf-tice, and if it fliall appear upon oath that he is a reputed thief, &c. he fnall be deemed a rogue within 17 Geo. 3.c. 5,

Perrons think ing themfelves aggrie^ appeal quarter feffions.

If conviction be affirmed, the juftices may proceed

der this adb {hall thereby become liable to any other punifhment than imprifonment to hard labour for a term not exceeding fix months, taking into the computation any actual imprifonment fuch perfon fhall have fuffered by his commitment until fuch feffion/

XVIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this adt contained {hall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to deprive the mayor and commonalty ofA/ordon of anc^ citizens of the city of London, of any rights, privileges, or jurifdk4ions in jurifdicliohs which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exer-bouthwark. cifed, or enjoyed, within the town and borough of Southwark, 2nd the liberties thereof, or to prevent the mayor of the city of

London for the time

being,

and fuch of the aldermen of the faid

city

Hosted by Google

599

i'792*] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c.54*

city who have borne the office of mayoralty, and the recorder of the faid city for the time being, from acting as juflices of the peace within the faid town and borough o f S out Invark, and the liberties thereof, in fuch and the like manner as they could or might have done in cafe this a£t had not been made.

XIX,	And be it, further enabled, "That this adt fhall continue Continuance in force until the firfl day of June, which (hall be in the year of ot this our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next fefllon of parliament, and nq longer,

C A P. LIV;

An aCl for more effectually fecuring the duties upon foreign printed\ painted^ orflained paper, imported into Great Britain,

WHEREAS the laws already provided for fecuring the duties Preamble, payable on printed., painted, or Jlained paper, for hangings or other ufes, imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, are not fujfcient to fecure the due payment of the duties impofed by law, for or in refpeSl of fuch paper; be it therefore enatfted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, From Aug. 1, from and after the firfl day of Augujt one thoufand feven hundred i79^> the offi-and ninety-two, the officer or officers of the cuftoms of the port ^^oms^o or place where any printed, painted, or flained paper, for hang- caufe printed, ings or other ufes, fhall be imported, fhall caufe every piece or &c. paper im-jfheet thereof to be marked, (according to the directions herein- ported to be after contained) ; and the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England raarke(b and Scotland refpedlively fhall, on or before the firfl day of June frg™f the°n" one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, provide proper cuftoms, by frames and ftamps, and fuch numbers or marks as they fhall June x, 179a, think fit, to denote the meafure of all pieces of fuch printed, ]i0 Provic!c, painted or flained paper, fo imported or brought into Great Bri- a^^dSiribute tain, and proper ftamps or feals to denote the charging the duties them to the thereon, and fhall caufe the faid refpeeftive frames, numbers and officers, who . marks, and the faid ftamps and feals, to be diftributed to the pro- ar^,t(^m(jf^Ure per officers of the cuftoms, for the feveral purpofes before men- every*piece of tioned ; which officers are hereby enjoined and required to mea- fuch paper in fure every fuch piece of paper, and to mark the fame with fuch the manner frame mark and flamp in manner following; (that is to fay), berem men-Every piece of lefs than half a yard in length to be marked and tl0ne * flamped at one end only ; and every piece of half a yard in length, for upwards, to be marked and flamped at both ends of fuch piece; which frames, numbers, marks, ftamps or feals, to be provided in purffiance of this acl, may be altered or renewed, from time to time, as the faid refpedlive commiffioners fhall from time to time think fit; and if any perfon whatfoever (hall at any time counter- Penalty for feit or forge any frame, number, or mark, provided by the com- counterfeit-miffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedlively, for l”S trames> pr jn marking fuch paper, or fhall counterfeit or forge the im- 1 amPs? &Co. J

Rr3

Hosted by

Google

Penalty for cutting out frame marks, &c.

600 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 54. [1792.

preffion of the fame upon any printed, painted, ot ftained paper, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds ; and if any perfon whatfofcver {hall at any time counterfeit or forge any ftamp or feal, or refemble any ftamp or feat which (hall be provided in purfuance of this a£t, to denote the charging of the duties payable on the importation of fuch paper into Great Britain, or fhall counterfeit or refemble the impreffiori of the fame upon any fuch paper, thereby to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of the duties on fuch paper, then every fuch perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds; and in cafe any perfon fhall at any time fell any printed, painted, or ftained paper with a counterfeit ftamp thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, and with any intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, every fuch offender fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall, with intent to defraud his Majefty of his juft duties, wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or wilfully fuffer to be cut out, obliterated or defaced, the frame mark, number, or mark put by any fuch officer or officers on any printed, painted, or ftained paper to denote the meafure thereof, every fuch perfon or perfons fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every piece of paper or fheet of paper on which the frame mark, number, or mark, put by any fuch officer or officers, fhall be fo wilfully cut, obliterated, or defaced, and for affix- XII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That marksT^c ^ Per^on or perfons whatfoever fhall, with intent to defraud that have been his Majefty of his juft duties, affix upon any piece of paper or ufed.	fheet of paper printed, painted, or ftained, any frame mark, or

any ftamp or feal which fhall have been before affixed on any other piece or fheet of printed, painted, or ftained paper, then, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, and allb every piece or fheet of fuch paper whereupon fuch frame mark, ftamp, or feal, fhall be fo fraudulently affixed.

From Aug. i, XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That

J792’ 1116 at any time or times after the firft day of Augufl one thoufand commiliioners r A .	,	.	.	J	°....

leven hundred and ninety-two, upon oath made by any credible

perfon or perfons that he, fhe, or they have reafon to fufpedf or believe that any foreign imported printed, painted, or ftained paper, for which duty ought to have been paid or charged, or which ought to have been ftamped as by this a£l is directed, is or fhall be in the cuftody or pofleffion of any printer, painter or ftainer of paper, or other perfon trading or dealing therein, or of any perfon or perfons, for the ufe or on account of fuch printer, painter, or ftainer, or other trader or dealer in printed, painted, or ftained paper, without having thereupon fuch ftamps or feals as are by this aSt required to denote the charging the duties thereupon, it fhall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of the ex-cife in England or Scotland refpedlively, or any two of them within

the

of the cuf-toms, or a juftice, may authorife an officer of the cuftoras or cxcife, with the affiftance of a peace officer, to fearch fuf-pe6ted places in the daytime;

Hosted by Google

179^*] Anno regni trieefimo fecundo Ge0R.gii III. c. £4* 6pi-

the limits of their jurifdi&ions refpeftively,. or for any juftice of the peace, in any other parts of.Great Britain, from time to time to iffue their refpective warrants, thereby anthorifirig and requiring any,officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, with the aft fiftance of a conftable or other officer of the peace, in the day time to fearch for the fame, and to open doors, chefts, trunks,, and packages, and to feize fuch paper not having fuch ft amps or feals thereon as are by this a£t required, and that every fuch warrant fhall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and fuch and any paper paper fo found unftamped in the pofteffion of fuch printer, painter, or ftainer, or other trader or dealer, or in the pofleffion of any forfeited * other perfon, for the ufe of fuch printer, painter, or ftainer, trader, or dealer, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms-or excife ; provided always,That remnants of no remnant of any piece of fuch printed, painted, or ftained paper, length being of lefs length than fhall be exprefted by the frame mark by^he^rame thereon, being found in the pofleffion of fuch printer, painter, or mark,ftamped ftainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, having fuch ftamp or at one end, feal as by this a£l is required at one end thereof, fhall be forfeited by reafon of not having fuch ftamps or feals at both ends thereof: and if any perfon or perfons fhall obftrudl or binder any of the Penalty for aforefaid officers from entering any fuch place or places for the obftrutting purpofes aforefaid, or in feizing or carrying away any paper by 0 cers? this adj declared to be forfeited, every perfon of perfons fo offend-? ing fhall forfeit the futn of fifty pounds,

V.	Andy for the better preventing of frauds by the lengthening or adding to any piece or remnant of a piece of fuch printedy paintedy or fained papery after fuch paper fhall have been ftemped or fealed as by this aft is reqtiiredy as well as to prevent the importation of printed\ painted^ or Jlained paper without being ftamped or fealedy as by this aft is requiredy be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any piece or remnant of foreign imported printed, painted, Foreign printer ftained paper, not having fuch frame mark and ftamp thereon as is by this adf required, (or having fuch frame mark and ftamp framc mark, at one end or both ends thereof, and being of a greater length than &c. may be fhall be exprefted by fuch frame mark by the length of half a yard feized, and the or more), fhall, after the firft day of Auguf one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, be found in the pofleffion of any printer, L -	?

painter, or ftainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, every fuch piece of paper or remnant fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and the printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, in whofe pofleffion the fame fhall be found, fhall alfo forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That How penalties all fines, penalties and forfeitures impofed by this a£f fhall be fued ^^^nd^thei for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by fuch ways, means or me- application, thods as any fine, penalty or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered,

levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by a£lion of (debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at fFffiminJler^ or in the court of exchequer in Scotland^ v	.	Rr|	‘	refpeo*

Hosted by Google

refpe£lively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty or forfeiture (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him pr them who {hall inform, difcover, or fue for the fame.

Ad to commence Aug. 1, 1792, in matters where no fpecial commencement is dire&ed.

VII.	And be it further ena£led by the authority aforefaid, That this acf (hall commence and take effedl, as to all fuch matters and things therein contained, in refpedf whereof no fpecial commencement is hereby directed and provided, from and immediately after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, *

C A P. LV.

Ail aft to render ?nore effectual-an aft, made in the twenty-fixth yeaf of his prefent Majeflfs reign, intituled, An a61 for veiling certain fums in commiffioners, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt; and to dir eft the application of an additional fum to the reduction of the faicl debt, in cafe of future loans.

Preamble,

a6Geo.3.c.3i. claufe 20. recited,.

w

and repealed.

When the in-tereft of any redeemable

H E R E A S by an aft, paffed in the twenty flxth year of his prefent Majejif s reign, (intituled, An a6t for veiling certain fums in commiffioners, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduclion of the national debt), it is enafted, /That whenever the whole fum annually receivable by the ■ faid commiffioners, including as well, the quarterly Jim of two hundred and fifty tboufand pounds, therein directed to be iffued from the exche-query, as the feveral annuities and dividends of flock to be placed to the account of the faid commif oners in the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of the faid aft, Jhould amount in the whole to four millions annually, the dividends due on fuch part of the principal or capital flock as Jhould thenceforth be paid off by the Ja'id commiffioners, and the monies payable on fuch annuities for lives or years, as might afterwards ceafe or determine, Jhould no longer be iffued at the receipt of the exchequer, but Jhould be confldered as redeemed by parliament, and Jhould remain to be difpofed of as parliament fnould dir eft : and whereas any favings to arife from the reduction of the rate of any perpetual redeemable annuities ought to be placed to the ■account of the J'aid commiffoners, in like manner as the dividends on flock redeemed or pur chafed: and whereas it may be• found expedient, that additional annual fums Jhould be iffued from the exchequer, and placed to the account of the faid commiffoners, over and above the faid quarterly fum of two hundred and fifty th oufand pounds: and whereas, with a view to fuch cafes, further provifions are neceffary for more effeftually carrying into execution the intention of the faid aft ; be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid a6l as is herein-before re-• cited be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That whenever the amount of the annuities payable in refpedl of any

redeemable

Hosted by Google

1792• ] Anno regni trieefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 55.	603

redeemable capital ftock now exiting (hall be reduced, or any is re-

fuch capital ftock fhall be paid off, by means of any fum of money	^iVoif

to be railed for that purpofe, for which a new capital ftock fhall by money t-aif-

be created, bearing a lower rate of intereft than the ftock fo to ed at a lower

be paid off, an additional annual fum, equal-in amount to the intereft, a fum

annual intereft fo faved, fhall be thenceforth iffued and paid by

quarterly payments, out of the confoiidated fund, to the governor pavecf to

and company of the bank of England, and fhall by them be placed faedquarterly

to the account of the faid commiftioners; and that whenever the frqm the con-

monies to be placed to the account of the faid commiftioners,	to*

confifting of the dividends of ftock which fhall have been re- t^e account of

deemed or purchafed by virtue of the faid a£t, or of this add, (other the commif-

than and except fuch capital ftock as fhall be redeemed or pur- fioners; and

chafed by the application of fuch monies as are herein-after di- when the mo-j	i	r	a	nics placed to

redted to be placed to a feparate account, in confequence of new theiraccount

loans), or of any other acd or a6ts of parliament, and of any an- (except as nuities the terms whereof may be expired, and of any fums which herein except-may be annually iffued in confequence of any favings arifmg edQ0a^^01|t ta from the redudtion of the rate of any exifting annuities, fhall exchiftve^f amount in the whole to the fum of three millions, exclufive of the the quarterly quarterly fums of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds directed fums to be if-to be ifliied from the exchequer by the faid add, or of any addi- ^che^ue? tional annual or quarterly fums which may be dire£ted to be iffued dividends on from the exchequer, and placed to the account of the faid com- ftock thence-miftioners by any future add or adls of parliament, the dividends forth paid off due on fuch part of the principal or capital ftock as fhall thence-forth be paid off or purchafed by the faid commiftioners, other ( than and except fuch capital ftock as fhall be paid off or purchafed by the application of monies herein-after diredded to be ■ placed to a feparate account, in confequence of any new loans, and the monies payable for fuch annuities for lives or yearS as may afterwards ceafe and determine, fhall no longer be iffued at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, but fhall be confidered as redeemed by parliament, and fhall remain to be difpofed of as parliament fhall diredh

III.	And, for more effectually preventing the inconvenient, and dangerous accumulation of debt hereafter, in confequence of any future loans, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That when- Exchequer ta ever any fums of money fhall hereafter be raifed by loans for pub- account lick purpofes, a feparate account fhall be kept, at the receipt of Qf the intereft his Majefty’s exchequer, of the annuities or annual intereft to be of new loans, incurred in refpedt of the fame ; and in cafe the faid loan fhall be *nd if provi-raifed for any other purpofe than that of paying off feme exifting fo^pay-capital ftock, bearing a higher rate of intereft than the capital jng them off ftock to be created by fuch loan, and fhall be raifed by perpetual in the cafe redeemable annuities, and provision fhall not have been made*bv herein men-parliament for paying off within forty-five years the whole of the ^ftiona! fum ~ capital ftock to be createdby fuch loan, from thenceforth, at the equai to * end of every quarter lubfequent to the day on which the act or i-iooth part a£ts of parliament by which fuch loan fhall be created fhall have ot the ftock, received the royal affent, an additional fum fhall be fet apart out ^0II^the* ex-

°1 chequer quar-

to be con-l as redeemed.

Hosted by

Google

crs;

and if fuch

604 Anno regni triccfimo fecundo GeoRGII III. c. 55. [179,2,. ierly, and of the monies compofing the confolidated fund, and fhall be iffued accmfnt^f the at t^le ^ rece^Pt	exchequer	to the governor and company

commiffion- °f the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt, the total annual amount of which additional fum fhall be equal to one hundredth part of the capital flock created by fuch loans.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if fuch loan fhall at any time be railed, in loans be raffed whole or in part, by annuities for any term of years longer than forTnyUterm forty-five, or for one or more lives, or for lives with benefit of longer than 45 furvivorfhip, a computation fhall be made of what will be, at the years, &c. end of forty-five years, the a6tual value, reckoning the rate of o?^Cofintereft at ^ree Poun<Jsper centum, of fuch of the Paid annuities as Sichas^ayhe may be exPe&€d then to be outftanding, and that the additional ' expe&ed to be fonn to be ifliied to the governor and company of the bank of then outftand* England, and placed to the account of the commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt, in confequence of the creation of fuch annuities, fhall be one hundredth part of what fhall be computed as aforefaid to be the future a&ual value, at the end of forty-five years, of fuch annuities as may be expedted then to be

ing, to be fo iffued.

Computation of fuch value to be made under the di-

outffanding, as aforefaid; and the faid computations fhall be

<ers, and copies delivered to the fpeaker,

formed by and under the direction of the commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt, with as much accuracy as the na-re&ion of the ture of the cafe will admit, according to the nature of the parti— commiffion* cular terms and conditions which may be prefcribed by parliament relative to fuch annuities, or to any clafs thereof reflectively, and according to fuch tables of the probable duration of; lives as fhall appear to the faid commiffioners to be moft applicable to the cafe ; and copies of fuch computation, fpecifying the annual fum which, in confequence thereof, ought, by virtue of this a6t, to be iflued and placed to the account of the faid commiffioners, fhall be delivered to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons within fourteen days after any a£t of parliament for raffing fuch loan by annuities, as aforefaid, fhall have received the royal affent; and it fhall and may be lawful for the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and he is hereby authorifed and required, within three days after fuch computation fhall have been delivered, as aforefaid, to certify to the commiffioners of the treafury and the auditor of the exchequer, the amount of the additional fum to be Thefpeakerto iffued as aforefaid ; and fuch certificate fhall be to the faid com* treafur	m^loners and auditor a fufficient authority for iffuing fuch addi—

exchequer,the tional annual fum, by equal quarterly payments, to the governor amount of the and company of the bank of England, to be placed to the account additional fum Gf the faid commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt, to^be iffiued, *n jjjce manner as any other additional annual fum directed to be iffued by virtue of this adt, in confequence of any new loan ; and the faid commiffioners of the treafury and auditor are hereby required to illue the faid fum accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the films hereby directed to be fet apart at the end of each quarter, and iffued to the governor and company of the bank of ' ■	'	"	  '	'	'	England^

Sums to be iffued under -this a£t, to be iffued in the

Hosted by Google

179a*3 Armo rcgni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 55.	605

England, to be by them placed to the account of the commiffion- order the loans

ers for the reduction of the national debt, in confequence of fuch iljlve t^n

new loans as aforefaid, fhall be fo fet apart and iffued at the re* p ace’

ceipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, at the end of each quarter, in

the order in which fuch loans fhall have refpedtively taken place,

immediately after the fums which are diredted to be iffued and

placed to the account of the faid commifiioners by virtue of the

faid adt of the twenty-fixth of his prefent Majefty, or which may

hereafter be directed to be iffued and placed to the account of the

faid commiflioners by any other a61 or adts of parliament.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Whenever _

if, after iffuing the quarterly fums diredted by virtue of the faid noT'mone^^of adt of the twenty-fixth of his prefent Majefty, or which may have [he confolI-° been previoufly directed by any other adt or adts of parliament as dated fund to aforefaid, there fhall not remain, out of the monies compofing the pay the further confolidated fund, monies fufficient to provide for the payment of	^onfe

the further quarterly fum diredted to be fet apart or iffued by qUence of any virtue of this adt, in confequence of any new loan, the amount new loan, the of every fuch deficiency fhall be carried forward and made good deficiency

in the fame manner, and according to the fame regulations and

provifions, as are prefcribed by the faid adt of the twenty-fixth of re&ecl by

his prefent Majefty, with refpedt to any deficiency of the quarterly a6Geo.3x.31.

fum of two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds; and that all the

regulations, provifions, powers, and authorities created or eftab-

lifhed by the faid herein-before recited act, for the making good

any deficiency of the quarterly payment of the faid fum of two

hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, fhall be valid and efredtual

for the purpofe of making good, in like manner, any deficiency

in the quarterly payments of the further fum diredted to be iffued

by virtue of the prefent adt, as fully, to all intents and purpofes,

as if the fame were herein particularly re-enacted.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That the amount of any deficiency which may arife at the end of Any deficien. any year, computed to the fifth day of 'January, either in refpedt cyinthequar-of the payment of the quarterly lums of two hundred and fifty which^may11^ thoufand pounds as aforefaid, or of any other quarterly fums arife at the which may be diredted to be iiliied from the exchequer, and end of the placed to the account of the commiffioners for reducing the na- yeaJ>to be tional debt, by virtue of any other adt or adds of parliament, or ofanyfup«°Ut ©f the quarterly fums directed to be iffued by virtue of this adt, on plies granted account of any new loan, and whether the lame refpedtively fhall for the current have arifen in any preceding quarter or quarters within fuch year, or an7 Pre‘ or in the quarter ending on the fifth day of January on which ce nSYear* fuch year fhall end, may and fhall be made good out of any aids or fupplies which fhall be, or fhall have been granted by parliament, for the fervice of the then current year, as directed by the faid adt of the twenty-fixth year of his prelent Majefty, or out of any aids or fupplies which fhall have been granted for the fervice of any year preceding.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all monies which fhall be placed to the account of the faid Monies placed •	•	•	’	'	copuniflioneist0theacc0UBt

Hosted by G00gl€

of the com-miffioners, to "be applied as herein mentioned, and the ftock redeemed to be transferred to

dends placed thereto.

Sums placed to their account in con * feqhence of any new loan

c. 56. [1792.

commiffioners by virtue of this a£t fhall be applied by them, either in payment for the redemption of fuch redeemable publick annuities as fhall be at or above par, in fuch manner and at fuch periods as (hall be diredted by any future act or acts of parliament, or to the purchafe of any publick annuities below, at, or above w P31*3 *n manner refpeflively directed by the faid recited adl of 5"eir account^ the twenty-iixth of his prefent. Majefty, and that fuch part of the 2nd the divi- principal or capital ftock of any redeemable publick annuities, as fliall be redeemed or paid off by any fums to be iffued or placed to the account of the faid commiffioners, by virtue of this adl, fliall be transferred to the account of the faid commiffioners, and that the dividends payable thereon fliall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and {hall by them be placed to the account of the faid commiffioners: provided always, That any fums which {hall, by virtue of this a<51, be iffued or placed to the account of the laid commiffioners, in confequence of any new loan, and which fliall be applied to the redemption or purchafe of any capital ftock as aforefaid, and to be kept fe- alfo the dividends payable on any ftock fo redeemed or purchafed parate, &c. jn each quarter, fhall be placed to a feparate account, in the names of the faid commiffioners, to be kept in confequence of every fuch loan refpedfively; and that all the other powers and authorities, regulations and provifions, contained in the faid a refpedting the application of monies iffued or placed to the account of the faid commiffioners, by virtue of the faid a£f, or re-fpe&ing the accounts to be rendered for the fame, or the charges ©f management thereupon, or refpedHng the fecurity to be given by the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, fhall be valid and effedhial with refpedf to the monies iffued or placed to the account of the faid commiffioners, by virtue of this a£t (except fo far as the fame are herein exprefsly varied,) as fully as if the fame were particularly re-enadfed.

IX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any iincai ccc P€r**oil or perfons fliall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure toffiffer death. to	forged or counterfeited, or fliall wilfully a<St or affift in the

forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, order or orders, made forth by virtue of this prefent a (ft, or alter any number, figure, or word therein, or prefent for payment, utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of any fuch forged, counterfeit, or altered certificate or certificates, order or orders (knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeit, or altered), then, and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon and perfons, being thereof convi&ed in due form of law, fhall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy,

CAP. LVI.

An ad for preventing the counterfeiting of certificates of the charac ters offervants.	.

Preamble. TIT 7 H E R E A S ma?iy falfe and counterfeit characters of fervants YV have either been given perfonally5 or in writings by evil dif-

pofed

Perfons counterfeiting certificate^, &c.

Hosted by Google

t792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 56.	607

pofed perfons beings or pretending to be> the mcifter, mijlrefs, retainer,

fuperintendant of fuch fervants,	by perfons who have actually

retainedfuch fervants in their refpeSiive fervice, contrary to truth and jujilce,	£0 the.peace and fecurity of his Majejly’s fubjedts: and ,

whereas the evil herein complained of is not only difficult to be guarded agalnjl,	/y ^ of great magnitude,	continually lncreafingy

and no fujfcient remedy has hitherto been applied; be it therefore enadled by'the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirftual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of July one thou- Any perfon fand feven hundred and ninety-two, if any perfon or perfons {hall perfonating a falfely perfonate any matter or miftrefs, or the executor, admini- ™agivmg ftrator, wife, relation, houfekeeper, fteward, agent, or fervant falfe character of any fuch matter or miftrefs, and (hall either perfonally, or in to a fervant* writing, give any falfe, forged, or counterfeited character to any perfon offering him or herfelf to be hired as a fervant into the fervice of any perfon or perfons, then, and in fuch cafe, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending {hall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punifhment herein-after mentioned and in that behalf provided.

II.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That, or averting from and after the faid firft day of July one thoufand feven hundred ^^been hired and ninety-two, if any perfon or perfons fhall knowingly and for a peri0<j 0£ wilfully pretend, or falfely affert, in writing, that any fervant has time, or in a been hired or retained for any period of time whatfoever, or in ftation;

any ftation or capacity whatfoever, other than that for which or in which he, fhe, or they fhall have hired or retained fuch fervant in his, her, or their fervice or employment, or for the fervice of any other perfon or perfons, that then, and in either of the faid cafes, fuch perfon or perfons^ fo offending as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punifhment herein-after mentioned and in that behalf provided.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, or was dif-from and after the faid firft day of July one thoufand feven hun- ^er^me^r dred and ninety-two, if any perfon or perfons fhall knowingly and not been wilfully pretend, or falfely affert, in writing, that any fervant was hired in any difcharged or left his, her, or their fervice at any other time than previous fer-that at which he or fhe was difcharged or adtually left fuch fervice,

or that any fuch fervant had not been hired or employed in any	*

previous fervice, contrary to truth, that then, and in either of the faid cafes, fuch perfon or perfons fhall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punifhment herein-after mentioned and in that behalf provided.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, or any perfon from and after the faid firft day of July one thoufand feven hun-

dred and ninety-two, if any perfon fhall offer himfelf or herfelf as vant> pTetend~ a fervant, affecting or pretending that he or (he hath ferved in any ing to have fervice in which fuch fervant fhall not actually have ferved, or ferved where with a falfe, forged, or counterfeit certificate of his or her charac-ter, or fhall in any wife add to cr alter, efface or crafe' any word, a falfc^ccrtifi-■	-	date.

Hosted by Google

6o8 Annoregni triGefimo feGundoGEORGll IIL c. 56. [1792;

cate, ot* who date, matter, or thing contained in or referred to in any certifi-

certifkate ^ Cate §*ven to or	^IS	or	^er ^ or.former a&ual mafter

’ or miftrefs, or by any other perfon or perfons duly authorifed by fuch mafter or miftrels to give the fame, that then, and in either of the faid cafes, fuch perfon or perfons fhall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punifhment herein-after mentioned and in that behalf provided.

©r who having V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, ^rvke^haU^ ^rom anc* a^ter t^le ^aic^ day °f Jufy one thoufand feven hun-pretendnotto dred and ninety-two, if any perfon or perfons having before been have been in in fervice, fhall, when offering to hire himfelf, herfelf, or them-iuch fervice; felves as a fervant or fervants in any fervice whatfoever, falfely and wilfully pretend not to have been hired or retained in any previous fervice .as a fervant, that then and in fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons fhall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punifh-ment herein-after mentioned and in that behalf provided, fhall, on con- VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, vidion, forfeit from and after the faid firft day of "July one thoufand feven hun-dred and ninety-two, if any perfon or perfons fhall be convided of any or either of the offence or offences aforefaid, by his, her, or their confeflion, or by the oath of one or more credible wit-nefs or witneffes, before two or more juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifton, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence or offences fhall have been committed, (which oath fuch juftices are hereby impowered and required to adminifter), every fuch offender or offenders fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, Application of one moiety whereof fhall be paid to the perfon or perfons on forfeiture. whofe information the party or parties offending fhall have been convifted, and the other moiety thereof fhall go and be applied for the ufe of the poor of the parifh wherein the offence fhall have been committed; and if the party who fhall have been fo con-vi&ed fhall not immediately pay the faid fum of twenty pounds fo forfeited, together with the fum of ten {hillings for the cofts and charges attending fuch convi&ion, or fhall not give notice of appeal, and enter into recognizance in the manner herein-after mentioned and in that behalf provided, fuch juftices fhall and may commit every fuch offender to the houfe of correction, or fome other prifon of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, in which he or fhe {hall have been conviCted, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, or until he or fhe pay the faid fum fo forfeited, together with fuch cofts and charges as aforefaid.

VII.	And'whereas it mojl frequently happens, That no perfon is prefent at or privy to the giving 0/ the char after of a fervant, except the perfons by and to whom the fame is given ; be it further enafied Informer, tho* by the authority aforefaid, That the informer, in any of the cafes entuledfopart aforefaid, fhall be, and fhall be deemed and taken to be a good 01 ‘ eP"na Y* and competent witnefs inlaw, notwithftanding he fhall be intjtjed

the fame fhall be levied as

VIII. Pro-

Perform not paying the penalty with cofts, or not giving notice of appeal, &c. may be committed.

a competent witnefs.

to a part of the laid penalty where aforefaid.

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 56.	609

Vlir. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Offenders diC-thority aforefaid, That if any fervant or fervants, who fhall have ^omplic^be-been guilty of any of the offences aforefaid, {hall, before any in- fore informa-formation has been given or lodged againft him, her, or them, tion, Indera-for fuch offence, difcover and inform againft any perfon or per- nified.

Tons concerned with him, her, or them, in any offence againft this aft, fo as fuch offender or offenders be convifted of fuch offence in manner aforefaid, every fuch fervant or fervants, fo difcovering and informing, (hall thereupon be difcharged and in* demnified of, from, and againft all penalties and puniffiments to which, at the time of fuch information given, he, fhe, or they might be liable by this aft, for or by reafon of fuch his, her, or their own bffence or offences.

IX.	And\ for the more eafy and fpeedy conviction of offenders againft this aCly be it further enadted, That all juftices of the peace, be- Juftices may fore whom any perfon or perfons fhall be convifted of any offence ^on^s to beC” againft this aft, fhall and may caufe the conviftion to be drawn drawn up in up in the following form of words, or in any other form of words the following to the fame effeft, as the cafe fhall happen; videlicety

T> E it remembered, That on the	form.

day of	in the year of our

Lord .	A.	B. is Convicted before us

two of his Majejifs juftices of the

peace for the county of

[Specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the fame was committed, as the cafe fhall be].

Given under our hands and feats, the day and year aforefaid.

X.' Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any Parties ag-peffon fhall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done in purfuance of this act, fuch perfon may appeal to the juftices of quarter fef-the peace at the next general or quarter feffions of the peace to lions, where be held for the county or place wherein the caufe of complaint the matter fhall have arifen, fuch appellant entering into a recognizance, Verminecf^in with two fufticient fureties, in the fum of twenty pounds each, a fummary conditioned to try fuch appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay way, Sec. fuch cofts as fhall be awarded by fuch juftices at fuch general or quarter feffions, upon due proof of fuch notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch recognizance ; which faid juftices fhall hear and finally determine the caules and matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing or appealed againft as they the faid juftices fhall think proper, and the determination of fuch general or quarter feffions fhall be final, binding, and conclufive to all intents and purpofes; and no conviftion or order made concerning any matters afore- Proceedings faid, or any other proceedings to be had, touching thq convic- not to be tion or conviftions of any offender or offenders againft this aft, quafhed tor jfhali be quafhed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari, 0VremoVedbf

or certiorari.

Hosted by Google

6io Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c.57. [1792;

01* any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter.

CAP. LVIL

An aft for the further regulation ofparijh apprentices,

Preamble, TT 7 HE REAS by an aft, puffed in the forty-third year of the 4lEliz. c. %,	*	V reign of Queen Elizabeth, iniiuled, An aft for the relief of

the poor, it is (amongjl other things) enafted, That it Jhall be lawful for the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of any parifh, or the greater part of them, by the affent of two juf ices of the peace, to bind any children, whofe parents they fall judge to be not able to keep and maintain fuch children, to be apprentices, where they fall fee con-venient, till fuch man child Jhould come to the age of twenty-four years, and fuch woman child to the age of twenty-one years, ar the time of her marriage, the fame to be as ejfeftual to allpurpofes, as if fuch child were of full age, and by indenture of covenant bound him or herfelf and whereas, by an aft made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign % Sc 9 GuJ, 3. of King William, intituled, An aft for fupplying fome defers in' c. 30, and the jaws for the relief of the poor of this kingdom, after reciting, that} there being doubts whether the perfons to whom fuch children were to be bound, wider and by virtue of the faid Jlatute of the forty-third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, were compellable- to receive fuch children as apprentices, that law had failed of its execution, it was therefore enafted, That where any poor children Jhould be appointed to be bound apprentices, purfuant to the faid aft of Queen •	Elizabeth,	the	perfons	to	whom	they	are	fo	appointed to be bound	ap-

prentices, jhall receive and provide for them according io the indenture figned and confirmed by the two jujlices of the peace, and alfo execute the other part of the faid indentures, under the penalty, in cafe of re-fufalk) of the forfeiture of ten pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied of the goods of the offender, in the manner mentioned in the faid aft : and whereas, by an aft paffed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his iSGeo.3.c.47, prefent Majefiy, intituled, An aft to amend fuch part of an aft, recited. made in the forty-third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, “ An aft for the relief of the poor” as relates to the binding of parifh apprentices, it zuas enafted, That when any man child Jhould be bound to be an apprentice, by virtue of the faid aft made in the forty-third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, fuch child jhall be bound to be an apprentice for no longer term than till he Jhall come to the age of twenty-one years: and whereas in fuch indentures of apprentiesjhip, it hath been ufual to infert feveralagreements and covenants to be done and performed by the feveral parties thereto ;■ (that is to fay) an agreement on the part of the apprentice, that he will faith-, fully ferve his mafler during the term of fuch apprenticejhip; and alfo ... feveral covenants on the part of the mafler, for himfelf bis executors and admini/lrators, that he the faid mafler vjill teach or caufe, to be,

- taught, finch apprentice in the bufmefs of hujbandry, or in the craft, inyftery, or occupation which fuch mafler then ufeth, as the cafe may be * and thatfuch mafler Jhall alfo, during the term offuch apprentice flnp, find and-allow, unto fuch apprentice fuff dent meat, drink, apparel,

hlodging,

Hosted by Google

i^92*] Anno regni trieefimo fecundo Georgii HI. c. 57.

lodging., and all other things needful for an apprentice, during fetch

term: and whereas, /tz event of the death of the mafer during the

term of fetch appr entice.finp, the agreement for fervice on the part of

the apprentice is at an end., but the covenant for maintenance on the

part of the majler fill continues in force, as far as the mafer's affets

will extend, or doubts have arifen with refpcdl thereto, and, in confer

quence thereof fetch apprentices do frequently, on the death of their

mafer, leave their majler*s hpufe, and, after living in idlenefs, return

again and become a burden on their majler*s effects, and fofrom time

to time as they think proper, which is attended with great inconveni-

ence and hardjhip to the family and perfonal reprefentatives of fuch

mafer, and is at the fame time an inducement to fuch apprentice to

continue in a dforderly and idle courfe of life : and ivhereas the feveral

powers given to juf ices of the peace for the better ordering of parijh

apprentices, by the feveral adds of parliament rhade for that purpofey do

ceafs and determine on the death of the mafer, for which a remedy

ought to be provided: and whereas feveral other regulations are necef-

fary to be made refpedting parijh apprentices: be it therefore enacted From July

by the King’s mofl excellent majefty, by and with the advice *79^ jPve”

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in maintenance

this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the of parifh

fame. That, from and after the firft day of July one thoufand apprentices,

feven hundred and ninety-two, in cafe of the death of any matter	°hait

or miftrefs of any parifh apprentice, during the term of fuch ap- ^ ^aj]

prenticefhip, upon the binding out of which apprentice no larger given, to con-

fum than live pounds has been or {hall be paid, fuch covenant as tinue in force

is before mentioned for the maintenance of fuch apprentice. in- no longer than *•	••	^ ii	'	tlircc montns

ferted in the indenture .of apprenticefhip by which fuch apprentice after the death

fhall have been or fhall be bound, {hall not continue and be in of the matter* force for and during any longer time than for three calendar months next after the death of fuch mailer or miftrefs, and that during fuch three calendar months fuch apprentice {hall continue to live with and ferve as an -apprentice, the executors and ad-mi niftrators of fuch mafter or miftrefs, fome or one of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as fuch executors or adminiftrators, fome or one of them, {hall appoint; and the mafter or miftrefs'whom fuch apprentice {hall accordingly ferve during the {aid three calendar months, and alfo fuch apprentice, {hall during that time be fubjedl and liable to all the laws which are or (hall be in force for the better government and regulation of mailers and parifh apprentices: and that in all fuch parifh indentures of apprenticefhip Provifotothat as aforefaid, which fhall be made from and after the firft-day of effe&to bean-July one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, there fhall be ^ant^but annexed to the covenant in fuch indentures to be entered into on omitted, the the part of the mafter or miftrefs of fuch apprentice, for fuch covenant to maintenance as aforefaid, a proviio declaring, that fuch covenant continue no fhall not be made to continue and be in force for any longer time	m

than for three calendar months next after the death of fuch mafter or miftrefs, in cafe fuch mafter or miftrefs fhall die during the term of fuch apprenticefhip ; which provifo may be in the form or to the effedt mentioned in the fchedule hereunto annexed,

VOL. XXXVII.	Sf	marked

612	Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georg II III. c. 57. [1792.

marked with the letter A; and in cafe fuch provifo Hi all happen to.be omitted in any fuch indenture, the covenant therein contained on the part of the mafter, for the maintenance of the apprentice, {hall be deemed and taken to continue and be in force for no longer time than for three calendar months next after the death of fuch mafter or miff refs, in cafe fuch mafter or miftrefs fhall die during the term of fuch apprenticefhip ; any thing in any fuch covenant to the contrary hotwithftanding.

II. And whereas it is juji and reafon'able, that'fuck apprentice as aforefaid, in cafe of his mafteAs death during his apprenticejhip,

. Jhould be obliged, during the term of his apprenticefnip, to make forne fatisf 'atlion by his labour to the family or reprefentatives of his deceafed ?najlery for the advantages he has received from his apprenticejhip in his childhood, vohen his fervices could not be equal to the expences of Within three his maintenance \ be it enacted, That within fuch three calendar Se^ath^oT mont^s after the death of fuch mafter or miftrefs, it fhall and may a mafter two lawfyl for any two juft ices of the peace of the county, city, juftices may town, riding, divifion or place where fuch mafter or miftrefs fliajl order appren- have died, on application made to them by the widow of fuch the refid^ueVof ma^er’ or by the hufband of fuch miftrefs, or by any foil or their terms daughter, brother or fifter, or by any executol* or executrix, ad-with perions miniftrator or adminiftratrix, of fuch mafter or miftrefs, by in-of the defcrip- dorfement on any fuch indenture of apprenticefhip, or the coun-f ^cified^on terpart thereof, or by any other inftrument in writing (which inapplication, dorfement, or inftrument may be in the forms or to the effedt &cv	mentioned in the fchedule hereunto annexed marked with the

letters B. and (7.), to order and diredt that fuch apprentice fhall ferve as an apprentice any one of fuch perfons fo making fuch application as aforefaid (fuch perfon’having lived with, and having been part of the family of, fuch mafter or miftrefs at the time of his or her death) as the faid juftices fhall in their difcretion think fit, for and during the refidue of the term mentioned.in fuch indenture of apprenticefhip; and the perfon obtaining fudi order fhall declare his acceptance of fuch apprentice, by iubfcribing his or her name to fuch order; and that from and after fuch order fhall be made, the executors and adminiftrators, and the perfonal afters, eftate, and effects of the mafter or miftrefs fo dying as aforefaid, fhall be releafed and difcharged of and from any pro-jnife or covenant whatfoevcr, contained in any fuch indenture of apprenticefhip, on the part of fuch mafter or miftrefs, his or her executors or adminiftrators, to be done and performed; and the perfon obtaining the fame fhall be, and be deemed and taken to be, the mafter or miftrefs of fuch apprentice, in like manner as if fiich apprentice had been originally bound to fuch mafter or miftrefs; and that fuch laft-mentioned mafter or miftrefs, his or •	her executors and adminiftrators, each and every of them, fhall

be held and bound by the feveral promifes and covenants contained in any fuch indenture of apprentieefliip on the part of the mafter or miftrefs therein named, his or her executors or ad-. niiniftrators, to be done and performed, in like manner as if fuch matter or miftrefs obtaining fuch order as aforefaid had duly ex-...	■	ecutcd

Hosted by

Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgu III. c. 57.	13

edited the counterpart of fuch indenture; and that fuch matter or miftrefs and apprentice (hall be fubje£t and liable to the feveral penalties, provifions and regulations which fhali then be in force for the better government and good order of matters and parifh apprentices; and that all juftices of the peace fhali have the like powers and authority, with refpedt thereto, as they (hall then have by any a£t of a<5Vs of parliament relating to parifh apprentices.

III.	And be it further enabled, That all and fingular the regu- Provifions to lations and provifions herein-before made, and directed to take place on place on the death of the original matter or miftrefs, fliall be deemed ^ original and taken to relate to the like event of the death of any fuch mafter to ex-fubfequent matter or miftrefs, and to their feveral relations and tend to fubfe-representatives before enumerated, from time to time, as often quent ones, as the cafe fhali happen, during the continuance of the term mentioned in any fuch indenture of apprenticefhip.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe no fuch apphca- if no application fhali be made as aforefaid within three calendar months tion be made* next after the death of fuch matter or miftrefs, or in cafe fuch or the juftices two juftices, to whom any fuch application as aforefaid fhali have fit that been made, fhali not think fit that fuch apprenticefhip fhould be the appren-continuedj then the faid apprenticefhip-fhali be determined, and ticefhip fhould the indenture of apprenticefhip and covenants therein contained be continued, fhali be at an end, In like manner as they would have been at ^ ej^ e at the expiration of the term therein mentioned.

' V. Provided always, and be it enacled, That nothing herein- Adt to extend before contained fhali extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any to fuch pariih parifh apprentice, but to fuch only as fhali be living with, and apprentices fhali make part of the family, or fliall be in the actual employ- ^ fiv^ng with ment, of fuch original matter or miftrefs, or of any fubfequent the mailer* matter or miftrefs appointed under and by virtue, of the feveral provifions of this a cl at the time of the death of any fuch matters or miftreffes refpedfively.

VI.	And whereas much difficulty and delay mujl neceffarily happen in bringing an a£tio?i upon the covenant for maintenance before mentioned contained in any fuch indenture of parifh apprenticefhip ; be it enabled, That in cafe any fuch original mafter or miftrefs as juftices may aforefaid, or any mafter or miftrefs appointed under or by virtue order the ne* of this adf, fhali, during'the term of any fuch parifh apprentice- ceflary fums ihip as aforefaid, or if the executors or adminiftrators of fuch ^ce^ncf" matters or miftreffes, any or either of them, having aftets, fliall, ci0thing of during fuch three calendar months as aforefaid, refufe cr neg-ledt apprentices to to maintain and provide for any fuch apprentice; according to the be levied by terms of fuch covenant, it fhali and may be lawful for any two diftrels. juftices of the'peace of the county, city, town, riding, divifion, or place in which the parifh or place fhali lie, to which fuch apprentice fhali belong, on complaint of fuch apprentice, or of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh or place, by warrant under their hands and feals, to levy by diftrels and . fale ol the perfonal eftate and effedls or affets of fuch mafter or miftrefs refpeSively, fuch fum or fums of money as fhali be nee diary for the maintenance and clothing of fuch apprentice,

S f 2	and

6i4 Anno regrvi tricefimo,fecundo Georgii III. c. 57. [1792;

and as (hall alfo be neceflary to reimbarfe to the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh'or place, any fum orfums of money that fhall have beeir reafonably expended by them for that purpofe.	'

VII.	And whereas it frequently happens that perfons are compel-table, under and by virtue of the faid aft of the ninth and tenth years of King William, to take a greater number of parijh apprentices than it is convenient for them to maintain or .employ in their own families, and they are therefore forced to place out or ajfign over fuch apprentices to other perfons; and it is proper that fuch alignment Jhould be' legally made, under the infpeftion and controul of the magif rates, as well for the benefit of the apprentice, as that the' original mafer may be dif-charged jro?n his covenants in refpeft of fuch apprentice; and it is ft that the perfon to who?n fuch alignment fhall be made, and a If0 the apprentice, jhould be made fubjeft to the ordinary jurij'diftion ofjuftices of the peace with refpeft to mafer s and parijh apprentices; be it enadled. Matters may That it fhall and may be lawful for any matter or miftrefs of any allign over ap- fuch parifh apprentice as aforefaid, by indorfement on the inden-the'^confenTof ture °f apprenticefhip, or by other inftrument in writing, by and two juftices, with die confent of two juftices of the peace of the county, city, &c.	town, riding, divifion, or place, where fuch matter or miftrefs

fhall dwell, teftified by fuch juftices under their hands, to allign fu£h apprentice to any perfon who is willing to take fuch apprentice for the refidue of the term mentioned in fuch indenture of apprenticefhip: provided always, That fuch perfon to whom fuch apprentice is intended to be affigned, fhall at the fame time, by indorfement on the counterpart of fuch indenture, or by writing under his or her hand, ftating the faid indenture of apprentice (hip, and the indorfement and confent aforefaid, declare his or her acceptance of fuch apprentice, and acknowledge himfelf, herfelf, his, or hef executors and adminiftrators, to be bound by the agreements and covenants mentioned in the faid indenture, on the part of the matter or miftrefs of fuch apprentice to be done and performed; which indorfement or inftrument may be in the forms or to the effect mentioned in the fchedule hereunto annexed, marked with the letters D. and E.; and in fuch cafe fuch apprentice fhall be deemed and taken to be the apprentice of fuch fubfequent matter or miftrefs to whom fuch aflignment fhall be made, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and fo from time to time, as often as it fhall be neceflary or convenient for any fuch fubfequent matter or miftrefs to part with any fuch apprentice ; and all juftices of the peace fhall have the like power and authority, in the feveral cafes laft mentioned, with relpedf as well to the fubfequent matter or miftrefs, matters or miftrefles, as to the apprentice, as fuch juftices fhall then have by any law for the better regulation of parifh apprentices.

VIII.	And whereas no exprefs promfon has been made for the dif-charging of any fuch parifh apprentice from a mafer or mifrefs who is become irfolvent, or is fo far reduced in his or her circumfances as to be unable to employ or maintain fuch apprentice; be it enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful for two juftices of the peace of

the

Hosted by Google

I792*] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 57.	615

the county, city, town, riding, divifion, or place where any fuch Juftices may mafter or miftrefs (hall live, on the application of fuch mafter or miftrefs requeuing that any fuch apprentice may be difcharged, ^hofe matters for the reafons aforefaid, to enquire into the matter of fuch alle- cannotemploy gations, and to difcharge any fuch apprentice from his appren- or maintain ticefhip, in cafe the faid two juftices fhali find fuch allegations to tlem* be true,

IX.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing herein- Not to extend before contained fhali extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the to apprentices indenture made on the binding of any apprentice, by the church- morVth°ii5l wardens or overfeers of the poor of any parifh or place, or the pe given* major part of them, under and by virtue of the powers given to

them by the ftatute made in the forty-third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, in the cafe of any fuch binding, where a larger fum than five pounds (hall be given, but that fuch binding (hall be fubjeft and liable to the like rules and regulations as they would have been fubjeft and liable to in cafe this act had not been made,

X.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That no indorfement or No indorfe-indorfements on any parifh indenture of apprenticefhip herein- menton parifh before mentioned, made or executed in purfuance of this a of, fhali

be charged or chargeable with any duty impofed upon ftamped ftamp duty, vellum, parchment, and paper, but the fame fhali be, an i are and no other hereby declared to be exempted therefrom, and that no other in- inftruments to ftrument or inftruments in writing herein-before mentioned, fhali ^fo-herthan be charged or chargeable with any higher duty than with the duty the*duty on impofed or to be impofed on parifh indentures of apprenticefhip. parifh inden-

XI.	And whereas^ by an act pajjed in the twentieth year of the tures.

reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the better 2oGeo.a c.19. adjufting and more cafv recovery of the wages of certain fervants, recited, and for the better regulation of fuch fervants, and of certain apprentices, it is enaftedy That it fall and may be lawful to and for any two or more juftices, upon any complaint or application by any apprentice put out by the parifii, touching or concerning any mifufage, refufal of neceffary provifions, cruelty, or other ill treatment, of or to-wards fuch apprentice, by his or her mafter or miftrefs, and due proof thereof to dfcharge fuch apprentice from his or her apprenticejhip : and whereas inftances of fuch ill treatment frequently occur, and it is fit that the expectation of fuch difcharge Jhould not operate as a?i in-ducement to fuch ill treatment: be it enafted, That in every cafe Juttices dif-v/here any parifh apprentice whatfoever fhali be difcharged from charging any his apprenticefhip by two juftices, under and by virtue of the faid unde^the^aft laft mentioned aft, it fhali and may be lawful for fuch two juftices redted a<5t, to order fuch mafter or miftrefs to deliver up to fuch apprentice may order his his or her clothes and wearing apparel, and alfo to pay to fuch clothes to be churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the parifh or place to which fuch apprentice fhali belong, lbme or one of them, a fum exceeding 10I. not exceeding ten pounds, to be applied by them, fome or one of to be paid the them, under the order of fuch juftices, for the again placing and parifh officers binding out fuch apprentice fo difcharged as aforefaid, or other- hlm^uTafain wife, for his or her benefit, as to fuch juftices fhali feem meet; &Ct.	*

Sf3	and

Hosted by Google

pel the parifh officers to enter into recognizance to profec.nte mailers for ill treatment of apprentices, &e.

616 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III, c. 57; [1792

and alio to pay a fum not exceeding five pounds, in cafe fuc^ .mafter or miftrefs'fhall refufe to deli ver up fuch clothes and wear’’ ing apparel; and in cafe fuch mafter or mi ft refs fhall refufe to pay the fum fo ordered by the faid juftices to be paid as aforefaid, or either of them, or any'part thereof, it fhall and may be-lawful for fuch two juftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to levy the fame by diftrefs andfale of the goods and chattels of fuch mafter or miftrefs, together with the reafonable expences of fuch and^maycpm- diffrefs; and alio, that it fhall and may be lawful for fuch two juftices, if they fhall fo think fit, to compel fuch churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, fome or one of them, to enter into a' recognizance for the effectual profecution by indidlment of fuch mafter or miftrefs for fuch ill treatment of any fuch apprentice fo difcharged as aforefaid, and alfo to order that the cofts and expences of fuch profecution fhall be paid and difcharged, or reim~ bur fed to fuch perfon or perfons entering into fuch recognizance as aforefaid, one moiety thereof out of the poor rates of the parifh or place to which fuch apprentice fhall belong, and the other moiety, thereof out of the common ftock of the county in which fuch parifh or place fhall lie ; and in cafe the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh or place for the time being fhall refufe to pay fuch their moiety as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch two juftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chat-tels of fuch churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, any or either of them, together, with the reafonable expences of fuch diftrefs.

" XIL And whereas it is not expedient that fuch mafler or mi/trefs fhould he again eiitrufled with the care of another parijh apprentice; be it enabled, That in every cafe where any parifh apprentice fhall have been fo difcharged from any mafter or miftrefs as aforefaid under and by virtue of the faid Iaft mentioned a61, and fuch mafter £he lafi recited and miftrefs fhall have been convidled of fuch offence, in confe-nct> when lia- quence of fuch profecution by indidfment as aforefaid, or fhall *\arHh ?akrcn kave been found guilty thereof in any action brought at the fuit \\cl\ to pa'y to the party injured, it fhall not be lawful for the churchwardens the pari in offi- and overfeers of the poor of any parifh or place, or the major cersa Ium not part of them, to bind any other apprentice upon fuch perfon; but

exceeding joL whenever fach perfon ought or would be compellable to take nor 1-eis than	.	•	n	u	S	,	i	r	1 r r	*	n*

rl. for the a pariih apprentice, it fhall and may be lawful for any two juftices

purpofe of	of the peace of the county, city, town, riding, divifion, or place

binding out	where fuch perfon fhall refide, upon application made to them by

the caiki, *xc. tjle churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh or place, to order and diredf that ftmh perfon fhall pay into the hands of fuch churchwardens and overleers of the poor, fome or one of them, a fum not exceeding the fum of ten pounds nor lefs than five pounds, for the purpofe of binding out the child (intended to be bound) an apprentice, with the approbation of fuch two juftices; and in cafe fuch perfon fliall refufe to pay fuch fum as aforefaid, then that it fhall and)may be lawful for fuch two juftices, by warrant under their Hands and feals, todevy the fame by diftrefs aftd idle of the goods and chattels of illch ‘perfon, together with the

■	rea-

Jp ft ices m ay order $ny mafter convicted under

Hosted by Google

179^*3 Anno regni trlcefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 57.-	617

reafonable expences of fuch diftrefs: provided always,~That it Matters may fhall and may be lawful for fuch mafter or miftrefs as aforefaid, a^^rtfef^e from whom any parifli apprentice fhall be difcharged under and	*

by virtue of the acf, made in the .twentieth year of the reign of “

King George the Second, to appeal againft the order made for fuch

difcharge as aforefaid, .arjd alfo againft any fuch order made for

his or her payment of any fttch fum or fums qf money in confeT

quence thereof as aforefaid, or for his or her payment pf any fum

or fums of money in lieu of a fubfequent binding, under and by

virtue of the provifions of this a ft, to the next general quarter

feflions of the peace of the county, city, riding, divifion, or place

where fuch orders, any or either of them, fhall be made, and upon

fuch appeal the faid court of general quarter feffions {hall finally

determine the fame, and in their diferetion allow to all parties

their reafonable cofts; and no fuch diftrefs for enforcing the pay- On notice of

ment of any fuch fum or fums of money as are laft mentioned, fuch appeal*

fhall be taken until after the general quarter feffion of the peace made till°

to be holden next after any fuch order as aforefaid fhall be made, alter the

in cafe the perfon who is ordered to pay the fame fhall, within quarter fef-

feven days, after notice given to him or her of fuch order being	*

made* give notice to fuch churchwardens and overfeers of the

poor, fome or one of them, of fuch intended appeal; and in cafe. 40s. penalty

fuch perfon fhall fail to appear in fupport of his appeal at fuch ^?r to

general quarter feflion, then the fum of forty {hillings fhall be pea?.°r ^

added to the expences of the diftrefs before directed to be taken,

and levied accordingly.

XIII.	ffnd whereas by the faid lajl-mentioned aft it is alfo enafted^

That it jhall and may be lawful to and for two jujlices, upon applica-r tion or complaint made upon oath by any mafler or mijlrefs, againjl any parijh apprentice, touching or concerning any mijdemeanor, mifear-riage, or ill behaviour of fuch apprentice, to hear and determine the fame, and punijh the offender in fuch manner as is therein mentioned,

,or othevwifi to difcharge fuch apprentice from his apprcnticefhip, and it is expedient to prevent the expectation of fuch difcharge being an inducement to fuch ill behaviour on the part of the apprentice; be it enadted, That in all cafes where any parifli apprentice {hall be Apprentices difcharged by two juftices, under and by virtue of the faid laft	1for

mentioned act, from his or her apprenticefhip, on account of any mav^e fenMa mifdemeanor, mifearriage, or ill behaviour on the part of fuch thVhoufe of apprentice, jhat it fhall and may be lawful for fuch two juftices, correction, if they think proper, by warrant under their hands and feals, to punifti fuc.h offender by commitment to the houie of correction, there to remain and be corrected,. and kept to hard labour, for a reafonable. time, not exceeding three calendar months, as to fuch juftices {hall feem meet.

XJV. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon fhall be Parties ag-aggrieved by any matter or thing done, or omitted to be done, grieved may by any churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, or by any of his q„^er*fefJC Majefty’s juftices of the peace, or by any other perfon or perfons . whomfoever, under and by virtue of this a6t, befides fuch matters or things for which an appeal is herein,-before fpecially'given, it

ST 4	.	/	fhall

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo ftcu.ndo Georgii ILL c. 57; [1792;

fhall and may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to appeal to the next general quarter feffions of the peace, where the fame fhall be heard and finally determined; and fuch court may award reafonable colls and expencesto either party before them.

S C H E D U L E Referred to in this Aft.

A.

FORM of provifo to be added to the covenant for main* tenance.

PROVIDED always, That the faid laflr mentioned covenant on the part of the laid F, M* [the mafter] his executors and ad-minillrators, to be done and performed, fhall continue and be in force for no longer time than for three calendar months next after the death of the faid FM. in cafe he the faid F\ M. fhall happen to die during the continuance of fuch apprenticefhip, according to the proyilions of an aft paffed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here Jet forth the title of the at7.]

B,

FORM of the order of two juftices, dire&ing a parifh apprentice to continue with the widow [or as the cafe may he\ of his deceafed mailer, by indorfement on the indenture or counterpart thereof; on which binding no more was paid than the fum for that purpofe mentioned in this acl.

County of | WHEREAS F. M. [the mailer] within namedy J late of- the parifh of	.	in	the

faid county, died on the	day	of

being within three calendar months now loft pa (I, zve> tzvo of bis Majefty s juftices of the. peace for the county aferefaid, whofe names are here-unto fubferihed^ on the application and at the requeft of A. M.., wido'W [or as the cafe maybe] of the faid . F. M. living with and.being part of the family of the \	, faid F. M. at the time of his deathrdo hereby order and

dirWyifat A. P. the -apprentice within namedy who was . in the'fervUi and actual employment of the faid F. M.

Hosted by Google

at the time'of his deathi Jhdll ferve the faid A. M. as fuch apprentice, for the Yefidue of the term of fuch ap-prenticejhip within mentioned, according to the provifions of an aft paffed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Thirds intituled. An act for the farther regulation. q£ parifh apprentices. JVitnefs our hands, this	day	of

/j the above-named A. M., do hereby declare, "That the above order is made at ?ny requejl, and that I do ac-accept the faid A. P. as my apprentice, according to the terms and covenants contained in the faid indenture, and according to the provifions of the faid aft. Witnefs my hand, the day and year above ivritten.

C«

FORM of the*like order, by a feparate inftrument.

Qonnty of 7 WHEREAS it appears unto us, two of his Ma-jjeftfs jujlices of the peace for the faid county, That A. P,

[the apprentice] was bound an apprentice, by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the parifh of to F. M. [the matter] late of the faid . parifh,	and that the faid

F. M. died on	day of	being	within

three calendar months now lajl pajl: novo we, the faid two jujlices, on the application and at the requejl, See* £then, to the end5 as before, mutatis mutandis.]

„n tfflawfci i

D.

. FORM of the alignment of fuch a parifh apprentice, with the confent of two juftices, by indorfement on the indenture or counterpart.

County of 7 BE it remembered, that the within-named F. M.

J [the mafter] by and with the confent and'approbation of I. P. and K-P. two of his Majejly* s jujlices of the peace for the faid county, whofe names arc fubfcribed to the con-fent hereunder written, doth hereby djfign A. P, the apprentice within named, unto N. M. [the new mafter] to ferve him during the ref due of the term within mentioned', and that he the faid N. M. doth hereby agree to accept and take the faid A. P. as'an apprentice for the reftdue of the Jaid term, and doth hereby acknowledge h'un-felf his executors and adminijlraters, to be bound by the

agree*

Hosted by Google

agreements and covenants 'within mentioned on the pari of the Jaid F. M.- to he done and performed,• according to the true intent and meaning thereof and purfuant to the provifwns of an ati pafied in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Third,. intituled, An a£fc for the further regulation of parifli apprentices. In wit- . nejs vjhereof we, the .jaid. F. M *and N. M, have here* unto.fet our hands, this	day	of

*Ire, two of his Majcflf s jufices of the peace above-mentioned., do confcnt thereto. IVitnefs .our hands, this	day	of

1. p. v . v;

K. P,

E. '	■

F ORM of the like alignment, by a feparate inflrument. , >

County of 7 WHEREAS it appears unto us, I, P. and K..P.

$ two of his Majeff s jufices of the peace for the fatf county, whofe names are fubferibed to the confent hereunder ivritteny that A. p. was bound an apprentice by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the pardjb of	,to F. M. of the fame parijh,

by indenture hearing date, on or about the	day	of	until the fdid A. P.

Jhould attain his age of twenty-one years. Now be it remembered, that the Jaid F. M* by and with the con-fent, &c. [and fo, to the end, as before, mutatis mu* tandis.J

C A P. LVIII.

An adl for the amendment of the law in proceedings upon information in nature of Quo Warranto.

Preamble. T X ^ H E R E A S it would greatly tend to fecure the freedom of VV election, and the quiet, tranquillity, and good order of citiesr boroughs, and towns corporate, if a certain reafonable limitation of time Jhould be by law eflablifhed, beyond which no member or officer, of any city, borough, or town corporate, Jhould be difturbed in the enjoyment or' exercife of his office or franchife which he Jhould have held -and enjoyed for fuch time: be it enabled by the King’s moft excel-* lent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-From the ift fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after terar 7*™*^ dieTrft day of Trinity term, in the year one thaufand feven hun-d^fendants to dred and ninety-three, it fhall and may be lawful for the defen-informations aant or defendants to any information in the nature of a £hto> in the nature JVaxraqto, for the .exerci/e of any cilice or franch^ in any city,

.	borough^

Hosted by Google

i79?*] Anno regni trtcefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 58.	621'

borough, or town corporate, whether exhibited with leave of the of Quo War* court, or by his Majefty’s attorney general, or other officer of the crown on behalf of his Majefty, by virtue of any royal preroga- 0f^ce> mHy ^ tive or otherwife, and each and every of them federally and re- plead the fpedtively, to plead that he or they had fir ft adfually taken upon holding it fix themfelves, or held or executed the office or franchife which is the fubjedf of fuch information, fix years or more before the ex- c* c y a hibiting of fuch information, fuch fix years to be reckoned

computed from the day on which fuch defendant fo pleading was	Til

adlually admitted and fworn into fuch office or franchife ; which ---

plea (hall and may be pleaded either fingly, or together with and	/

befides fuch plea as he or they might have lawfully pleaded before the paffing of this acf, or fuch feveral pleas as the court on motion fhall allow; and if, upon the trial of fuch information, the iiTue joined upon the plea aforefaid fhall be found for the defendant or defendants* or any of them, he or they fhall be intitled to judgement, and to fuch and the like cofts as he or they would by law have been intitled to, if a verdidf and judgement had been given for him or them upon the merits of his or their title.

II.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That in every fuch Forfeiture of cafe the profecutor of fuch information may reply to fuch plea, office within 6 any forfeiture, furrender, or avoidance, by the defendant, of fuch

office or franchife happening within fix years before the exhibi- maybe replied tion of fuch information, whereon the defendant may take ifTue, to fuch plea, and fhall be intitled to cofts in manner aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Title derived if any perfon or perfons againft whom any fuch information as under an dec-aforefaid fhall be exhibited, fhall derive title under an eledtion, ^.n^ot to be nomination, fwearing into office, or admiffion by any perfon °raCcount ofde-perfons, the title of fuch perfon or perfons againft whom fuch in- fed in the title formation fhall be exhibited, fhall not be defeated or affected by of the perfon reafon or on account of any defedf in the title of fuch perfon or

perfons fo eledfing, nominating, fwearing into office, or admit- ^ercife of his ting, in cafe fuch perfon or perfons under whom title fhall be office 6 years derived as aforefaid was or vvere in exercife de faSio of the franchife previous to or office (in virtue of which he or they fo elected, nominated, the informa-fworn in, or admitted) at a period fix years at leaft previous to ^	k

the time of filing fuch information, and his or their title fhall not M have been queftioned by any legal proceeding carried on with	7/

effedt.	/

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Officer having the mayor, bailiff, fheriff, town clerk, or other officer of any cor- the cuftody of poration, having the cuftody of, or power over, the,records

the fame, fhall, upon the demand of any perfon, being an officer permitany

or member of fuch corporation, on the payment of one {billing, member

permit fuch perfon, on any day or days except Chrijimas Day, thereof to in-

Good Friday, and Sunday, between the hours of nine in the morn- the book , ,	.	.	P	. r 0 v . , ,	of ad million

ing and three in the afternoon, to lnipedt the booxs and papers Gf freemen,

wherein the admiffion or■■ fwearing-in of the freemen, burgeftes, &c.oupenalty

or other members or officers of fuch corporation, fhall be entered, °f took

•and to haye copies or minutes of the admiffion, or the entry of

*	fwcar-

Hosted by

Googk

622

fwearing-iaof any one or more of fuch freemen, burgeiles, or other members or officers,, upon paying fixpence for every one hundred words for writing the fame; and if fuch mayor, bailiff, fheriff, town clerk, or other officer, fhall refufe or deny to any perfon, hereby intitled to demand it, the infpedtion of fuch books or papers, or to have copies or minutes thereof as aforefaid, fuch mayor, bailiff, fheriff, town clerk, or other officer fhall, for every inch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, together with full cofts of fuit, to him, her, or them, who fhall inform and fue for the fame within one year after fuch offence comr. mitred, by aclion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefly’s courts of record at JVejhninjler, wherein no eflbin, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

CAR LIX,

X/V a 51 to amend fo much of two acts, made in the twenty-fixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majefy King George the Second, as relates to the liceijhg of aleboife keepers and victuallers ; and for better regulating alehoufes, and the manner of granting fitch licences in future; and alfo of granting licences to perfons felling wines to be drank in their hoifes.

Preamble. "W T ^ E RE AS by an a5f, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the V V reign of his late majejly King George the Second\ intituled,, Ptcmlions of An for regulating the manner of licenfmg alehoufes, in that a6Geo.*.c.3x. part of Great Britain called England, and for the more eafy con-Jcv.l. au viCHng perfons felling ale and other liquors without licence, it was amongf other things enadied, That if any licenfed perfon Jhould die, or remove from an alehoufes it Jhould be lawful for the perfon fiuc-ceedlng to fuch houfe to keep on the faid alehouje during the refidue of the term of fuch licence, on condition that, within thirty days after fuch death or removal, fuch perfon fhall obtain fuch certificate as in the faid act is mentioned., to be figned by fome neighbouring jujlice, in order to its being produced at the general meeting in September; and if fuch certificate fbould not be obtained and figned within the faid thirty days, them immediately from and after the expiration thereof fuch licence flooidd be nidi and void: and whereas, by a certain other add, paffed in the tvjenty-ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefy, intituled% An a6f for granting to his Majelty a duty upon licences for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors; and for eftablifhing a method for granting fuch licences in Scotland, and for allowing fuch licences to be granted at a petty feffion in England, in a certain cafe therein mentioned, it was among ft other things enaftedr SThat if any perfon fo licenfed to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquor\ fouId die, or remove from the alehoufe or other place wherein fuch ale, beer, or other liquor Jhould, by virtue of fuch licence, be fold, it Jhould and might be lawful for the executors, adminif rotors, and ajfigns of fuch perfon dying or removing, who fnould be pojfejjed of fuch houfe or place, or the occupier thereof, to fell ale, beer., or other, , liquors therein, during the ref due of the term for ivhicb fuch licence jhould

bav*

igGeo.a.c.ia, feCt. 23, 24» recited.

Hosted by Google

have been granted to the perfon fo dying or removing, without any certificate from any juflice of the peace, or any new licence to be had or obtained in that behalf any thing in the faid a Cl made in the twenty-firth year of the reign of his late Majejly, or any other law, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithjlanding: and it was by the faid act further friaCled, That in cafe any alehoufe or victualling houfe y in that part of Great Britain called England, Jhould become empty or unoccupied after the general day appointed for licenfing (the occupier whereof was duly licenfed the year preceding), it jhould be lawful for any two or more of his Majeffs jufices of the peace, at a petty fejjion* to grant a licence to any new tenant or occupier to open fuch houfe as an alehoufe or victualling houfe, and to fell ale there till the next gene~ ral licenfing day, fo as the faid licence be Jiamped as therein directed, fuch new tenant or occupier obtaining fuch certificate as is directed and preferibed in and by an ati of parliament, made in the tweniy-fixth year of his Majejly s reign, intituled, An a61 for regulating the manner of licenfing alehoufes in that part of Great Britain called England., and for the more eafy convincing perfons felling ale, and other liquors, without licence: and whereas it is expedient that fame other provifion fltoidd be made refpeCling the continuance of the licences of alehoufes or victualling houfe s, in cajes of perfons fo dying or removing thereout as afore faid, and that fome further regulation Jhould be made refpeCling the granting of licences for the fale of ale, beer, and other liquors, by retail, and for ike better government of alehoufes or victualling boufes, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed: be it . therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the ldrds fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the above recited provisions in the Recited pro* faid 2l£l$ cf the twenty-fixth and twenty-ninth years of his late vifions repeal-Majefly’s reign, fo far as the fame relate to fuch parts of Great thev^eEte to Britain, {hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed; and that, England, from and after the thirty-firft day of July one thoufand feven Wales, and hundred and ninety-two, if any perfon duly licenled to keep an Berwick uP0li alehoufe, inn, 'victualling houfe, or to fell ale, beer, or other ex- weu * cifeable liquors, by retail, in any houfe within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of JVales, or the town of houiV-keepers Berwick upon Tweed, (hall happen to die before the expiration^of die or remove, fuch licence, or if any perfon fo licenfed, or the executors, adtni- ^c* before the niftrators, dr affigns of any perfon dying fo licenfed, {hall remove thfir licenc^-from or yield up the poke hi on of fuch houfe in which fuch ale, new 0nes nvvv beer, or other liquors {hall by virtue of fuch licence be fold, and be granted to fhall affign fuch licence, or in cafe any fuch houfe {hall become executors or empty or unoccupied, the late occupier whereof was duly licenfed at the lafc general licenfing day in September, previous to the time Keen fine; dav, fuch houfe became empty or unoccupied, then and in every fuch on certain cafe (except as herein is other wife provided) it (hall and may be conditions. Jawful for two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of die peace for the county, riding, divifton, or place, at a petty feliions to be fcolden within and for the lame divifton inwhich fuch ho life (mil

be

Hosted by Google

624,	Anno rSgni tficefimo fecundo GsoRGii ill. C; $9. [1792.

be fituate, to grant a licence to the executors, adminiffrators, or4 aftigns of the perfon fo dying, who (hall be poffeffed of fuch houfe, or to any new tenant or occupier, upon fuch removal, or the houfe becotViing empty or unoccupied as aforefaid, to open or continue open inch houfe as an alehoufe or victualling houfe, and to fell ale, beer,'and other liquors aforefaid there. <H1 the next general licenfing day, fo as the faid licence be {lamped as by the aforefaid ftatutes in that behalf is direbled; or for the faid juftices, in their difcretion, to allow to fuch executors or adminiftrators, or other perfons aforefaid, pofleffed of any fuch licence, to continue open fuch houfe for the purpofe aforefaid, under and by virtue of fuch licence, until the expiration thereof, every fuch executor, adminiftrator, or affign, and every fuch tenant or occupier, refpectively, in every fuch cafe, obtaining, within thirty day$ after fuch death or removal, or after his or her entering upon the pofieilion of fuch houfe, and producing to the faid juftices fuch certificate, and entering perfonally into fuch recognizance, with fuch fureties as is direbled by the faid in part recited act of the tvventy-fixth year of his faid late Majefty, in refpebt to perfons to whom licences are to be granted by virtue of the faid Certificates^	a61; which faid certificate and recognizance, with the condition

and recogni- thereof fairly written or printed, and attefted by the juftices grant-cd^by^h^act" *nr> or lowing fuch licence, fhall forthwith, or at the next ge-to be fent to	1	“	r''/R	C	r..„/i -r-	-

the clerk of the peace to be recorded.

and Surrey, the j lift ices at the general licen ling meetings to

neral or quarter feflions of the peace at fartheft after granting fuch licences, be fent or returned to the clerks of the peace, to be by them, or other perfons acting as fuch, duly entered or filed amongft the records of the feflions of the peace.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority In Middlefex aforefaid, That in the refpebf ive counties of Mtddlefex. and Surrey the juftices affembled at the general licenfing meetings holden for the refpeblive divifions within the fame, {hall have full power and authority, and they are hereby directed and required to appoint not lefs than fix nor more than eight fpecial days of meeting at appoint fpecial different equal periods, as near as may be, in each year next en-* vne.., ca,c. fuing fuch general licenfing meetings ; on which days it fhall and may be lawful for two or more juftices abfing in and for the faid divifions, to meet and to grant or continue licences in the cafes and in the manner and for the time herein-before.mentioned $ and the juftices affembled at the faid genera] licenfing meetings are hereby direbled and required to caufe due notice to be given of the times and places at which fuch fpecial meetings fhall refpec-* lively be holden.

at which they Ilf. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That iicenlecf^r0 ^ aiT P-erfon fo iicenfed as aforefaid, within the faid counties of fons remow M'uidiefex and Surrey, or the executors, adminiftrators, or affigns ing, &c. and of any perfon dying fo licenfed, fhall remove from fuch houfe, or producing the yield up the poifeftion thereof in manner aforefaid, or in cafe any tificaTeP fuch houfe, within the refpeblive counties aforefaid, fhall be or a continuance become empty or unoccupied,. in manner aforefaid, then and in of licences, every fuch cafe, before fuch licence fhall be continued, or a new licence granted to open or continue open any fuch houfe as aa

e	ale-

Hosted by Google

rn92.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 59.'	625'

alehou fc- inn, or victualling houfe, the perfon or perfons fo fuc-cceding asthe occupier or occupiers thereof {hall appear at the the next ipecial meeting to be holden for the divifion wherein fuch houfe (hall be fituated; and the juftices afteinbled at fuch fpecial meeting {hall and may (upon fuch certificate being pro- . duced to them, and fuch recognizance being entered into as is herein-before mentioned) grant a licence to fuch new tenant or occupier, or in their difcretion allow a continuance^-of any licence before granted,, in manner aforefaid, to open or continue open fuch houfe as an alehoufe, inn, or vidfualling houfe, and to fell ale, beer, and other excifeable liquors there until the next general licenfing day; any thing in the act contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That nothing in this adl cesTo be

contained fhall extend, or be conftrued. to extend, to imppwer granted at any juftices of the peace at any petty fefiions to grant any new petty tedious licence to any houfe, the occupier whereof was not duly iicenfed J.° houfes not at the general licenfing day next before fuch petty fefiions as I^aerai Ucenf-aforefaid.	_	ing day.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing The times of -

herein contained {hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter granting lithe time or times .of granting licences for keeping of common	n^f

inns or alehoufes, or to oblige perfons not Iicenfed the year pre- ed/nor per-" ceding, to produce certificates in the city of London.	f0ns not 11-

cenfed the year preceding obliged to produce certificates in London.

: VI. And he it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons enter-, every perfon fo entering into the poflefifon of any Iicenfed ale- cenMhoufes houfe, inn, or vidtualling houfe, who fhall fell any ale, beer, or without the other excifeable liquors, unlefs authorifed and impowered fo to do authority of by the juftices at the petty fefiions next enfuing after the expira- the juftices, tion of fuch thirty days, in'the manner herein-before directed, t0 pe~ {hall from thence be liable to all the penalties, punifhments, and forfeitures, to which perfons felling ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, without a licence, are fubjedt by an act pafted in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An adl for altering the flamp duties upon admijjions into corporations or companies, and for further fe curing and improving the ft amp duties in Great Britain 5 any law, fiatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enadded, Perfons ob-That the certificate herein-before diredled to be obtained by the taining the perfon or perfons requiring to be Iicenfed, fhall, after the obtain- Jl*g^2gr^nccr”

■ ing thereof, be an indemnity to him, her, or them, for felling any demnUieVtili beer, ale, or other excifeable liquors, till after fuch petty fefiions the petty fef-fhall have been held,	lions,

VIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That clerk of the

in all cafes where the continuance of a licence ihall be allowed, peace to re-or a new licence (hall be granted as aforefaid, by the juftices at cord the con-any petty fefiions, the clerk of the peace for the county, riding,	^

divifion, or place, where the houfe is fituatc, (hall record the v ^ *'vW'

.	‘	'	fame.

Hosted by Google

his houfe, without having a beer licence.

626 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeorGii III. c. 59. [1792.

fame, and fhall be paid the fum of one fhilling for recording the allowing or granting of every fuch licence,' and no more.

Trotn O6U10, IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That, fo7n to^elFCr" from and a^ter tent^ day °f Oftober one thoufand feven hun**' wine by retail, dred and ninety-two, it {hall not be lawful for any perfon or *to be drawn in perfons whatever, in any county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, or place in Great Britain, by virtue of any licence or licences granted or to be granted by any of the commiflioners or officers of excife, for the fale of. foreign wines, or Britijh-mads wines, or fweets, by retail, to fell the fame by retail, to be drank in his, her, or their houfe or houfes, or place thereto adjoining or belonging, except fuch perfon and perfons only to whom a licence fhall have been granted by juftices of the peace, or other Juftices t« officers, to fell ale, beer, and other liquors in the fame houfe or !,a^ !|le ^me houfes reflectively; and the feveral juftices of the pegee, and all over fudi^re- ot^er officers in and throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, tailers of wine, be, and are hereby impowered and authorifed to have and as they have exercife the fame jurifdidtions, powers, and authorities over fuch leer ^CrS °^ retaders of foreign or Britijh-made wines or fweets, who fhall e ‘	fell the fame to be drank in his, her, or their houfe or houfes, or

place thereto adjoining or belonging, as aforefaid, as they now have or exercife, or are entitled to have or exercife, over perfons licenfed to jell ale, beer, and other liquors, by any ftatute what-foever; and if any perfon or perfons (hall fell or caufe to be fold by retail as aforefaid, any foreign or Britijh-made wines or fweets, to be drank in his, her, or their houfe or houfes, or place thereto adjoining or belonging, without having a licence to fell ale, beer, and other liquors in the fame houfe or place, every fuch perfon or perfons fhall feverally and refpedfively forfeit and pay for every luch offence the like penalty and penalties as are inflidted on perfons for felling ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, without licence, by an adt made in the fifth year of the reign of his pre-5 Geo. 3.C.46, fent Majefty, intituled. An aft for altering the Jlamp duties upon cdmijJiGns into corporations or companies, and for fecuring and improving thejlamp duties in Great Britain, to be adjudged, recovered, levied, certified, and applied in fuch and the like manner, and under the like terms, and with the like powers and authorities, as the leveral penalties inflidted by the faid adt are hereby, or by any other act or acts of parliament relating thereto, directed to be adjudged, recovered, levied, certified, and applied.

X.	And be it further enadfed, That if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time be fued, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this adf, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or General ifliic. perfons fhall or may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict fhall be palled for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant fhall Treble cells, have treble cods awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XL Provided; always and be it further enadted by the authority

Penalty for felling wine by retail, without having a beer licence.

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeoRGII III. c. 60.	627

rity aforefaid, That nothing In this a61 contained fhall extend, or Not toext'end be conftrued to, extend, to any perfon who- fliail be a maftef, combaLv^&c! warden, freeman, or one of the commonalty of the vintners of	’

the city of London \ or to any perfon who fhall be licenfed by the chancellors or vice-chancellors of the two univerfities, in that part of Great Britain called England\ or either of them 5 or to any perfon who fhall keep one of the three feveral wine taverns within the borough of Saint Albans, in the county of Hertford^ licenfed by the mayor and burgefs thereof, according to the tenor of certain letters patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and King James the Firft, for and towards the maintenance of th6 free Freemen of fchool there : provided neverthelefs. That no perfon who, from the vintners and after the faid tenth, day of October one thoufand feven hun- companyvby dred and ninety-two, fhall be admitted to the freedom of the faid afteTo<5t°nio, company of vintners of the city of London, by redemption only, I793j not ex-fhall be exempted from the obligation of obtaining a licence to empted from retail ale, beer, and other liquors, to be granted in manner afore- this a<^* faid, but that the freemen only of the faid company, who have been already admitted to their freedom, or who, from and after the faid tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two,*fhall be admitted to their freedom in right of patri-* fnony, or apprenticefhip, fhall be entitled to fuch exemption.

CAP. LX.

An aft to remove doubts refpe-fting the funftions of juries in cafes of

libel.

SL.tL

WH ERE AS doubts have arifen whether on the trial of an Preamble^J^c,

indiftrnent or information for the making or publifning any libels On the trial cuLrfy/huk where an iffue or iffues are joined between the King and the defendant ot an or defendants, on the plea of not guilty pleaded, it be competent to the	-

jury impanelled to try the fame to give their Verdi ft upon the whole m.-^give matter in iffue; be it therefore declared and enaCted by the King’s gentralverdi<5fc // molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of upon the the lords fpiritualand temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, and ihall not on every fuch trial, the jury fworu to try the iffue may give a be required by general verdict of guilty or not guilty upon the whole matter put the court to in iffue upon fuch indictment or information \ and fhall not be	^uiltr"

required or directed, by the court or judge before whom fuch merejv 0n ^ indidtment or information fhall be tried, to find the defendant or proof of the defendants guilty, merely on the proof of the publication by ftich publication, defendant or defendants of the paper charged to he a libel, and of the fenfe afcribed to the fame in fuch indictment or information. to -m tke II. Provided always, That, on every fuch trial, the court or information. ' judge before whom fuch indictment or information fliail be tried, gut the,court fhall, according to their or his difcretion, give their^or his opinion fliail give their and directions td the jury on the matter in ifTue Between the King opinion and and the defendant or defendants, in like manner as in, other th^matteHn criminal cafes.	^	^	iffue, as in

III.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained fliail ex- othcncrlminal Vol. XXXVII.	Tt	tend^ak*.

Hosted by GOO^C

628 Anno regni tricefimofecundo GeoRGH III. c. 61—63. [1792.

Jury may find tend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent the jury from finding 7r1Pccial ver* a fpecial verdicb, in their difcretioii, as in other criminal cafes.

IV.	Provided alfo, That in cafe the jury (hall find the de-mav movdn fendant or defendants guilty, it {hall and may be lawful for the arreft of judge- faid defendant or defendants to move in arreft: of judgement, on ment, as be- fuch ground and in fuch manners as by law he or they might have fore puffing done before the palling of this aj any thing herein contained to t ns ae . the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXI.

An adt to indemnify perfons, being proprietors, printers, and editors of newfpapers and other publications, from certain penalties incurred under ieveral adts therein mentioned, relative to lotteries.

8 Geo. 1. c. 2.	12	Geo.	2.	c.	28.	22 Geo. 3.C. 47. and 27 Geo. 3. c. 1.

recited. Printers, proprietors and editors of newfpapers, &c. indemnified again ft adtions for penalties incurred before July 2, 1792, by the recited adds refpedting publishing plans and propofals depending upon the lottery. General ifiue. Publick adt.

C A P. LXII.

An' adt for removing the ftand of hackney coaches out of New Bond . Street and Old Bond Street, in the parifh of Saint George Hanover Square, in the liberty of Weftminfter.

No coach to ply for hire in New or Old Bond Street. Penalty on perfons offending, not morejthan 40s. nor lefs than 10s. one moiety to the informer and the other to the poor of the parifh of St. George Hanover-fquare. Imprifonment for non-payment. Profecution to be within feven days.

'	Publick	adt.	“

CAP. LXIII.

An adl for granting relief to paftors, minifters, and lay perfons of the epifcopal communion in Scotland.

So much of 10 Annae, c. 7 ; of 5 Geo. 1. c. 29; of 19 Geo. 2. c. 38 ; and of 21 Geo. 2. c. 34; as relate to impofing penalties, &c. on perfons re-forting to epifcopal chapels in Scotland, or officiating therein, repealed. Minifters of epifcopal chapels within fix months to take the oaths of allegiance, &c. and fublcribe the following declaration ;

JA. B. paftor of a congregation of perfons in the epifcopal communion in Scotland, meeting for divine worihip, at in the county of	do	willingly	and	ex	animo

fubferibe to the book of Articles of Religion agreed upon by the arch-bilhops and bifhops of both provinces of the realm of England, and the whole clergy thereof, in the convocation holden at London in the year of our Lord one thoufancl five hundred and fixty-two ; and I do acknowledge all and every the articles therein contained, being in number thirty-nine, befides the Ratification, to be agreeable to the Word of God.

And produce to the clerk of the Afire, See. a certificate of his having fo qualified. Clerk to make an entry of certificates, and fend copies to the clerk of each houie of parliament, Sec. One copy to be affixed on the outfide of the meeting houie, and the other within. Twenty pounds penalty on minifters officiating without having qualified. * Minifters to pray for the royal family. Tvventy pounds penalty for not fo doing. Minifters offending again ft this adt, incapable of voting for a member of parliament in Scotland, Sec. Aflemblies for religious worfhip to be held with doors unfaftened. Minifters of the epifcopal communion in Scotland incapable

Hosted by Google

1792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 64, 65.	629

of taking any benefice in England, unlefs ordained by a bifhop. Five pounds penalty on perfons prefent at divine fervice in any epifcopal meeting where the royal family are not prayed for. Profecutions for offences to be commenced within iz months. No peer of Scotland capable of being eleCted one of the 16 peers, or of voting in the election of them, who fhall be prefent twice in one year in any epifcopal chapel where the royal family is not prayed for. Any peer prefent at fuch election may make the objection, and if proved on oath, the peer incapable of voting or being chofen. Confeffion of any peer not to be made ufe of upon profecution for penalty. No perfon capable of being elected, or of voting in the election of a member of parliament, &c. in Scotland, who fhall be prefent twice in one year at divine fervice where the royal family fhall not be prayed for, and every candidate, &c. may prove the objection by wit-neffes on oath. Publick a<5t.

An aCt for repairing, altering, and improving the parifh church of Saint Bridget, otherwife Saint Bride, in the city of London; and for providing a workhoufe for the fame parifh.

Truftees appointed. Appointment of new truftees. Firft meeting of the truftees to be within one month of the firft of May 1792. Notice of adjournment, and if a fufficient number of truftees not prefent, the clerk to fummon the truftees to attend at a future day. Proceedings to be entered in a book. No aCt to be valid, if not done at a meeting. Majority at publick meetings to aCt, if five be prefent. Truftees who arejuitices may aCt as fuch. Truftees to fue, and be fued, in the name of their treafurer. Treafurer to be reimburfed his expences. Truftees to appoint the trea-furer, and other officers; and may allow falaries to officers. Truftees may repair the church. Truftees to provide a workhoufe. Money belonging to corporations to be re-inverted, Truftees may contract for work to be done under the aCt. Truftees may compound for any penalties. Churchwardens to pay the rent of the ground hired. Monuments, See* may be removed ; but fhall be replaced. Rates for railing money to be applied for the purpofes of this aCt, not exceeding two {hillings in the pound. Where houfes are let in different apartments, the whole houfe charged with the rate. Agreements between landlord and tenant not to be altered. Clerk to make entries in books to be figned by the truftees. Recovery of rates. Power to fue for rates, penalties, and fines. Perfons aggrieved by the rate may appeal. Collectors to account. One hundred pounds penalty on collectors not paying over the money when amounting to 50I. For recovering money, in cafe treafurer, Sec. dies, or becomes bankrupt. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Inhabitants may be witnefles. Money may be railed by annuities. Contributors names to be entered upon a book. Contributors to have receipts ; and an order for payment of annuities. Allowing fecurities to Be transferred. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of amends has been made. Proceedings not to be vacated for want of form. General appeal. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick aCt.

An aCt to extend and render more effectual an aCt, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aCt for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant feas.'

26 Geo. z. c. 18. recited. The Turkey company may appoint perfons to adminifter the oath preferibed by the recited aCt, to Britifh 1'ubjeCts resident in foreign parts, who, ,after taking the fame may be admitted into the company. Treafurer of the company may fupply the place of the governor and deputy governor at courts, &c.

CAP. LXIV.

CAP. LXV.

T t 2

C A P.

Hosted

$>30 Anno regni tricdimo fecundo Georg ii 111, c.	66,67. [1792.

C A P, LXVI.

An a<fl for providing an additional burying ground for the ufe of the parifk of Saint Pancras, in the coUnty of Middlefexand for fhutting up the prefent foot path leading through the church yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof.	*

Truftees. When truftees are reduced to ten, new ones to be elected by the furvivors. Firlt meeting of the truftees to be upon ten days notice in the church. Truftees to defray their own expences. Majority at publick meetings to a<5t, if five of the truftees are prefent. A&ions to be brought in the name of the churchwardens, who fhall be reimburfed their expences. Truftees to appoint officers; and take feciirity. Power topurchafe lands. Perfons refufing to treat and agree, jury may affiefs the value. "Money. afiefifed how to be tendered. Money belonging to corporations.

Scc. to be reinvefted. By whom the expences of the jury and witneffie9 are to be defrayed. To caufe the additional new burying ground to be enclofed with a brick wall feven feet high, and to build a houfe for a per-fon to refide in, and protect the faid ground, and may build vaults for burial of the dead. Power to borrow money. Power to raife money by annuities. No greater fum.to be taken from the poor’s rates,'than one penny in the-pound at the rack rent. Securities for monies lent may be transferred. Copies of affignments and transfers to be entered in a book. No preference to be given to perfons lending money. The churchwardens to account yearly, and pay their balances to the truftees.. The over-kers alfo to pay half yearly the fums required by the truftees, not exceeding one penny in the pound. Expences of this add to be firft paid. Foot path through the church yard to be fhut up, and another to be made in lieu thereof. Appropriating the overplus rents of the church Jands. Pro ceedings of truftees to be entered in a bosk. Limitation of actions. Ge-acral illu'e. Treble ccfts. Publick a<d.

CAP. LXVII.

An aft for extending certain acts therein mentioned to petty officers ' and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, ferving, or who may have ferved, on board any of bis Majejifs flips, arid ref ding in Ireland.

Preamble. \K /HERE AS an aft paffed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of 31 Geo.3.c. 10. W his late majefly King George the Second, intituled. An a£t for the encouragement of feamen employed in the royal navy ; and for eflablifhing a regular method for the pun&ual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eafdy and readily to remit the fame for the fupport oftheir wives ~ and families ; and for preventing frauds and abufes attending fuch payments : and alfo another aft, paffed in the third year of the reign 3Geo,3.c. 16. of his prefe?it Majefly, intituled. An a£t to impower the commif-floners or governors of the royal hofpital for feamen at Green-wich, after defraying the neceffary expences thereof, to provide for fuch feamen worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country, who fhall not be provided for within the faid hofpital ; and to enable them to receive fuch penfions as fhall be granted them by the faid commiffioners or governors in the moil eafy and convenient manner; and for preventing frauds and abufes attending the fame : and alfo another aft, paffed in the twenty-fixth A6Geo.j,c«63. year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An a<St for the further preventing frauds and abufes attending the payment of

wages,

Hosted by Google

i792-] AnnoregnitricefitnofecundoGEORGllIir. c.67.

wages, prize money', and other allowances, due for the fervice

of petty officers and feamen on board any of his Majefty’s (hips :

and alfo another aSl, faffed in the thirty, fecond year of the 'reign of his

prefent Majefty, intituled, An- a61 for explaining and amending an 32Geo,5.c^i.

a6f, paftecl in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty an£*

King George the Second, intituled, An act for the encouragement of feamen employed in-the royal navy; and for eftablifhing a regular method for the puriftual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eafily and readily to remit the fame for the fupport of their wives and families ; and for preventing frauds and abufes attending fuch payments and for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, ferving, or who may have ferved, on board any of his Majefty’s {hips: and alfo another adl, faffed in the faid thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled., An act for explaining and amending an act, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, “ An a6t for the further preventing frauds and abufes 3*Gco.3.C.34* attending the payment of wages, prize money, and other allow- 1 ances, due for the fervice of petty officers and feamen on board any of his Majefty*s fhips ft and for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, ferving, or who may have ferved, on board any of his Majefty’s fhips : and whereas it is juft, and would be a further encouragement to feamen and marines, that the » proviftons in the faid aftsjbould be extended towards enabling them and their reprefentatives to recover payme?it of their wages, and other allowances, in the kingdom * of Ireland ; be it therefore ena6ted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the

fame, I hat when and fo often as any {hip or veftel belonging to	veffils,

'	^	j	*■	o	o	not in anv

his Majefty which mail not be iir any port of Great Britain, or port of Great

on the coaft thereof, {hall have twelve calendar months wages or Britain or the

pay due, the captain or commander of luch {hip or veftel fhall coaft thereof,

read over, or caufe to be read over, in a diftinft audible manner, months^12,

the names of all the inferior officers and feamen, and non-com- the^cap-

miftioned officers of marines, and marines, belonging to fuch {hip tains to caufe

or veftel, and {hall caufe every fuch officer, feaman, non-com- the names of

miffioned officer of marines, and marine, to anfwer to his name, officerfT&c

and (hall do the fame from time to time at the end of etfery fix to*be read *

calendar months as long , as fuch ftiip or veftel {hall have twelve over, and to

calendar months or more wages or pay due as aforefaid ; and if tranfmit lifts

any fuch officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines,

or marine, {hall thereupon declare by word of mouth, or de- wages jQ £,e

liver in writing the name and place of abode of his wife, father paid torela-

or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or lifter, and defire tions m Ire-

that the whole or any part of his wages or pay then due, except boarcf

the wages or pay that {hall be due for the lalt iix calendar months naV^

of his fervice on board fuch (hip or veftel (provided the laft fix

months wages is fufficient to defray the charges againft him)

Tt 3	-	fcould

Hosted by

Google

632

Commiffion ers of the navy, upon reeeivm

ioUC'v

form.

fhould be allotted and paid to his faid wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or filler, by any colledlor or . revenue officer in Ireland, then and in fuch cafe the captain of. commander of fuch (hip or velfel is hereby llridlly required and enjoined to caufe four lifts to be made out, which lhall contain the names of all fuch inferior officers, feamen, non-commiflroned officers of marines, and marines, as fhall be defirous to remit to their wives, fathers or mothers, grandfathers, grandmothers, brothers or fillers, the whole or any part of their wages or pay, except for the laft fix calendar months of their fervice as afore-faid; in which lifts the amount of the wages or pay fo defired to be paid, the name and place of abode of the wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or filler of fuch dfficer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, to whom fuch wages or pay are to be remitted and paid, and the diftri6l or addrefs of the colledfcor or revenue officer by whom fuch wages are to be made payable in Ireland,, (hall be fpecifted and defcribed in three feparate diflindl columns oppofite to the name of fuch officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, in the faid lifts, and every fuch officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, who lhall fo defire that any fuch part of his wages or pay may be allotted and paid to his wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or filler, fhall write his name or make his mark in a feparate diftindl column in the faid lift, which lift lhall be forthwith completed and ligned by the captain or commander, and proper figning officers of fuch fhip or velfel, and fuch captain or commander fhall tranfmit the faid lifts by the firll fafe opportunity, without any neglebl or delay whatfoever, to the commiffioners of the navy at their board.

II. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiffioners of the navy, or any three of them, upon receiving fuch lifts as aforefaid, wherein any fuch allotment lhall be made by any fuch inferior officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, of any fuch part of his wages or pay to his wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or fifter, lhall immediately, and they are hereby dire&ed and required to make out, or caufe to be made out, two certificates for every fuch allotment, which certificates lhall be dup)i-cates, and joined together with oblique lines, flourifties, or devices, in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, lhall think proper, and which fhall fpecify and de-feribe the name and place of abode of the faid wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or fifter, and lhall certify that fuch wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or fifter, refpedlively, is inti tied to receive fo much of the wages or pay of fuch inferior officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, as lhall be therein alfo fpecified, and fhall be addrefied to the commiffioners £of the revenue of Ireland; and the certificates, being numbered and dated, lhall be figned by any three of the commiffioners of the

navy*

- lifts,

'Ut

Hosted by Google

navy, and be written or printed according to the form following, or to the like effect.	,

q/



No

day of

Navy office^ the

We certify that B. D. of in the county of

Wife, father, mother, grandfather, grandmo ther, brother% or fifter,

belonging to his Majefiy s Jhip

,f f

inferior officer or feaman, non-com-miffioned officer of( marines, or marine

is intitled to the

fum of

Jierling,	072	account	of	the	wages	of	the	faid	E.	D.

who has defined that the fame may be paid by the

If the fame JhaJI not be de?nanded in nine calendar months, this certificate to be returned tg the treafurer of the navy, London.

Ido the commiffiioners of the revenue in

Ireland.

co.p.i

Signed ^ CK R. > commiffiioners of the navy.

By virtue of the a£l of the

George the 'Third.

N. B. The perfonating or falfely affiuming the name and character of the wife or relation of any inferior officer, feanian, non-commif fioned officer of marines, or marine^ or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive wages due to fuch officer ffeaman^ non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, is made felony, without benefit of clergy, by an a£l paffied in Ireland, z7;/r(y George the Third.

THE officer to whom the within bill is addrefied is directed by a<5t patted in Ireland thirty	George	the	Third, cap. to examine

the duplicate thereof when prefented, and enquire into the truth, by the oath of the perfon prefenting the fame; and, being fatisfied, he is to teftify to that purpofe upon the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward; but if he fhall not be able to pay the amount, from not having publick money fufficient in his hands, he ihall note the caufe of his refuung payment, and Ihall appoint another day, within one mpnth dX furtheft from that time, and fhall deliver back the bill, fo noted, "	'	T	t	a	to

Hosted by Google

634 Anno regni tritielimb-fecundt) GeORGII III. c. 67. [1792.

to the perfon prefentin'g it. And if, upon complaint to the commiffioners, it (hall appear that the officer to 'whom this is addrefled has uiYnfcceflarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any deduction whatfoever, he lhall be fined alum not exceeding fifty pounds.

One of the III. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That as* b^tr^nfmhted ^oon as a^ore^a^ certificates fhall be fo made out aqd fign-to the perfon ed, the faid commiffioners of the navy fhall caufe the fam^ to be nominated in cut afunder, indentwife, through the oblique lines, flouriflies, or the lift, and devices, and (hall caufe one of the faid certificates to be tranf-the commif- mitted forthwith to the perfon nominated and fpecified in fuch. fionersofthe lifts as the wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, revenue in brother or After of fuch inferior officer or feaman, noh-commif-Irdand.	fioned	officer	of	marines,	or	marine,	and	the other of the faid

certificates to be tranfmitted forthwith to the faid commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland.

For wages when payable, inferior officers, &c. de-lirous of remitting them to Ireland, may receive certificates addrefled to the commif-Jioners of the revenue, and made out in the following form.

IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That when and fo often as any wages or pay due to any inferior officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall be paid at the pay office of the navy, or at any of the out-ports, if any fuch officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall be defirous to remit the amount, or any part of fuch wages or pay to their wives, children, or parents, m Ireland^ or to fuch other perfon in Irelands they fhall judge proper, and (hall defire to receive a certificate to entitle them to receive the fame, to be addrefled to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, then and in fuch cafe two certificates, being duplicates of each other and joined together with oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, fhall be immediately made out, numbered and dated by the clerk of the treafurer of the navy appointed to pay fuch wages or pay, and be fighed, if made out at. the pay office of the navy in jLondon, by the cofnmiffioner of the navy comptrolling the payment when luch certificates fhall be fo made out, or if made out

at any of the out-ports, by the commiffioner of the navy comptrolling fuch payment there, and be attefted at the foot thereof by the firft clerk of the treafurer of the navy at fuch pay office or out-port, and fuch certificates fhall fpecify and defcribe the name and place of abode of fuch perfon or perfons in whofe favour they fhall have been made out as aforefaid, and fhall certify that fuch perfon or perfons is or are intitled to receive the whole amount, or fo much of the wages or pay of fuch inferior officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, as fhall be therein alfo fpecified, and fhall be addrefled to the commiflioners of the revenue in Ireland, and written or printed according to the form following, or to the like effedt.

m

Hosted by

Google

t792-] Anno fegni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67.	635

No,

day of

THESE are to certify that B. D. of is intit led to the fum of fierling, being on account of the mages of E. D. belonging to his Majejly s Jhip

who>. has defered that the fame may be

paid by the

If the fame Jhall not be demanded in nine calen dar months, this certificate to be returned tq x the treafurer of the navy, London.

To the commijfeoners of the revenue in

Ireland.

signed { o. p.} Commlfanveyr ofihe

■Attefted i H. I. I

J \	J	of	the	navy.

By virtue of the aft of George the Tim'd.

d.

N. B. The perfonating or falfely ajfuming the name and character of any perfon entitled to receive wages of any inferior officer orfeeaman, non-commiffeoned officer of marines or marine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive wages due to fuch officer or feaman, non-commiffeoned officer of marines, or marine, is made felony, without benefit of clergy, Joy an aft paffed i?i Ireland, George the Third»

THE officer to whom the within bill is addreffed is directed by a& pafled in Ireland, thirty George the Third, cap. , to examine the duplicate thereof when prefented, and enquire into the truth, by the oath of the perfon prefenting the fame ; and, being fatisfied, he is to tef-tify to that purpofe upon the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward ; but if he fhall not be able to pay the amount, from not having publick money fufficient in his hands, he fhall note the caufe of his refilling payment, and fhall appoint another day, within one month at furtheft from that time, and fhall deliver back the bill, fo noted, to the perfon prefenting it. And if, upon complaint to the commiffioners, it fhall appear that the officer to whom this is addreffied has unneceffarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any dedu&ion whatfoever, he fhall be fined a fum not exceeding fifty pounds.

And as foon as the faid certificates fhall be made out and attefted One of fuch as afore faid, the faid commiffioner of the navy fhall caufe them Havered* to be cut afunder indentwife, through the oblique lines, flourifhes, to thVperfon or devices, and fhall caufe one duplicate of the faid certificates requiring it, to be delivered to fuch inferior officer, feaman, non-commiflioned and the othe ,

' '	'	officert0 be traiU*

Hosted by Google

636 I

mitted to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland.

The treafurer of Greenwich hofpital to make out certificates of the out pen-fions of teamen refiding in Ireland, in the following form.

officer of marines, or marine, requiring the fame, and the other duplicate of fuch certificate to be forthwith tranfmitted to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland.

V.	Ands the more effectually to enable feamen refiding in Ireland ' to receive fuch out-penfions as fhall be granted to them by the commif- -fioners or governors of the royal hofpitalfor feamen at Greenwich, in the rnojl eafy and convenient manner, and for preventing frauds and abufes attending the fame, be it ena£ted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being, and he is hereby authorifed and required, as often ag there fhall be occafion, to make out, or caufe to be made out, two certificates for every fuch out-penfion granted by the faid commiffioners or governors to feamen refiding in Ireland, which certificates fhall be duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, flouriflies, or devices, in fuch manner as the faid treafurer fhall think proper, and which fhall be addreffed to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, and the faid certificate, being numbered'and dated, fhall be figned by the laid treafurer or his firfb clerk, and attefled by the fieward or clerk of the check of the faid hofpital, and addreffed to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, and be written or printed according to the following form, or to the like effect :

No*	Royal hofpital\

Greenwich.

day of

I CERTIFY that B. D. of	I

in the county of being an out-penfioner of Greenwich hofpital, is intit led to the firm of

filer ling, and that he has defired the fame to be paid by the

s. d.

To the commiffioners of the revenue in

Ireland.

Signed | A. B. }

^ /i j f n n X Steward or clerk of the check of eJ e \	*	S	the	royal	hofpital	at	Greenwich*

By virtue of the all of George the Ehird.

N. B. This certificate, if payment in confequence thereof be not de-> manded in nine calendar months from the date hereof to be returned to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital—The perfonating or falfely afifuming the nanie and character of any ouUp^lfioner of Greenwich

hofpital)

Hosted by Google

179^0 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67.	637

hofpitaly in order fraudulently to receive the penfion due to fuel? penfioner, is made felony, without benefit of clergy, by an aft puffed in Ireland,' thirty	of	George	the	Third,

THE officer to whom the within bill is addreffied is directed by an aft paffied in Ireland, thirty George the Third, cap. , to examine the duplicate thereof when prefented, and enquire into the truth, by the oath of the perfon presenting the fame ; and, being fatjsfied, he is to teftify to that purpofe upon the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward ; but if he fhall not be able to pay the amount, from not having publick money fufficient in his hands, he fhall note the caufe of his refilling payment, and fhall appoint another day, within one month at fur-theft from that time, and fhall deliver back the bill, fo noted, to the perfon prefenting it. And if, upon complaint to the commiffioners, it fhall appear that the officer to whom this is addreffied has unneceffiarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any deduction whatfoever, he fhall be fined a ium not exceeding fifty pounds.

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That as foon as the aforefaid certificate fhall be made out, and figned, and at-tefted, the faid treafurer of Greenwich hofpital fhall caufe the famb to be cut afunder indentwife through the oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, and fhall caufe one duplicate of the fame to he tranf-mitted forthwith to the perfon nominated and fpecified therein, and the other duplicate to be tranfmitted forthwith to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, to whom fuch certificate fhall be fo addreffied as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That as foon as an aft fhall be palled by the legiflature of the kingdom of Ireland, authorifing and directing the revenue officers in that country to receive and grant acknowledgements and receipts to petty officers and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, who fhall have been difeharged from his Majefty’s fervice as difabled or unferviceable for fuch foreign remove tickets, hofpital certificates of difeharge, or paffiage certificates as fhall be delivered into their hands, in order to tranfmit the fame to the commiffioners of the navy in London, in the manner which the revenue officers in Great Britain are directed to tranfmit fuch tickets and certificates, by the aft paffied in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty herein before recited; and when by fuch authority fuch revenue officers in Ireland fhall tranfmit the fame, with the addrefs of fuch petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, as fhall deliver the fame into his hand, together with a certificate granted to him by the mafter of the vellel in which he fhall have arrived, or by fome reputable inhabitant of the place where fuch revenue officer refides, and who fhall be known to him, fetting forth that he knows fuch petty officer, feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, and believes him to be the party inti tied to hold the tickets and certificates which he fhall fo deliver, then, and in that cafe, when and fo often as the faid commiffioners of the navy fhall receive fuch tickets and certificates, they fhall caufe the day upon which they receive the fame to be indorfed

thereon*

One of fuch certificates to be tranfmitted to the out-penfioner, and the other to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland,

When the revenue officers in Ireland are authorifed to grant receipts to difeharged petty officers* See. for foreign remove tickets, See. and fhall tranfmit the fame with the neceffiary documents, the commiffioners of the navy to caufe remittance certificates to be made out for the balance, &c.

Hosted by Google

638 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.'

thereon, and dire£t them to be examined by the mufter books, if received; and fhall make or caufe to be made out, within three days, a remittance certificate for the net balance due upon fuch tickets and fuch certificates, or upon the fhips books for which fuch ticket or tickets fhall have been made out, in cafe -the fhip or fhips fhall have been paid for the time, and which remittance certificates they are hereby directed and required to make out, affign, atteft, forward, and tranfmjt, in the manner herein-before directed in cafes of certificates made out upon allotments transmitted to them on account of petty or inferior officers and fea^ men, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, remitting part of their wages to Ireland, and fhall certify the wages to be due and payable only to the faid petty officer or feaman* non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whofe account fuch remittance certificate fhall have been made ; and fhall alfo fpecify and defcribe the revenue officer who fhall have tranf-mitted the aforefaid tickets and certificates to the faid commif-fioners of the navy, and which remittance certificates fhall be ' made out in the form herein-before directed in cafes of parties defiring their wages to be remitted to Ireland from abroad, or to the like effedf, and addrefifed to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the Payment of authority aforefaid, That in cafe the duplicate or duplicates of ® certificates any ticket or tickets, or the mufter books or pay books for any ported though or veffe^ fhall not be regularly tranfmitted to and received by the duplicates the1 commiffioners of the navy, in the manner preferibed by the of tickets, or a£ts of the thirty-firft of George the Second, and thirty-fecond of the mufter his prefent Majefty, herein-before recited, yet the certificate or not havTbeen cert^cates, to be made out and addrefied to the commiffioners regularly of the revenue in Ireland, in favour of any petty officer or fea-tranfmitted to man, non-commiffioned officer or marines, or marine, fhall not. thenavyoffice. be delayed or -poftponed for fuch omiffion, but if any error, to the Error in tick- detriment of the publick treafure, fhall be made in any ticket by ets to be made	captain cr commanding officer iftuing or making out the

good by the pame5 t’ne l0fs arifing by fuch error fhall be made good and coming them. penfated out of any wages or pay due, or to grow due, to fuch captain or commanding officer by whom fuch ticket was fo made out or granted as aforefaid.

Remittance IX. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That when certificates to and fo often as any wages, pay, or other allowances of mo-fbr1^^ e^Ut ney	iuftly	^ue	an<^	t>ecome	payable	by the treafurer of

^yalfteTb the n%vy to any perfon refiding in Ireland producing proper autho-executors,See. rity to receive the fame as executor, adminiftrator, widow, next refiding inlre- 0f kin, creditor, or perfon named as executor, as the cafe may be, land, asin to any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of ma-defiring their rines, or marine, then and in that cafe the deputy paymafter of wages to be re- the navy or treafurer’s clerk by whom fuch fum or films fhall milted there, become payable, fhall make out or caufe to be made out a remittance certificate or certificates for the fame, and which certificate fhall be figned3 qttefted, forwarded, and tranfijiitted, in the form

and

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67.	63f

and manner herein-before directed in cafes of parties defiring their wages to be remitted to Ireland at the pay of a fliip, and which certificates fhall certify fuch fum or fums for which they fhall be fo drawn as being due and payable only to the executor, adminifirator, widow, next of kin, creditor, or perfon named as executor, as the cafe may be, who (hall be named in the fame and intitled thereto, and fhall alfo fpecify and defcribe the name and place of abode of fuch perfon or perfons fo certified’to be in-titled to fuch wages or pay of fuch inferior officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, as fhall be therein alfo fpecified; and fuch certificates fhall be addreffed to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, and written or printed according to the form herein-before fpecified, wherein remittance is made to Ireland at the pay of a (hip.

X. And be it enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That as foon Money paid la as an a£f fliall be paffed by the legiflature of the kingdom of Ire-	to

land, making provifion for payment in that country of certificates be repaid ^ iffued by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy in favour of the commif-any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, doners of the or marine, or in the favour of the wife, father or mother, grand- [^^^furer father, grandmother, brother or After of any inferior officer or 0f naVy# feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, belonging to any of his Majefty’s (hips, or in favour of any other perfon, for receiving any money on account of the wages or pay of any fuch inferior officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, and addreffed to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, and for the payment in that country of any certificates iffued by the treafurer of the royal hofpital of Greenwich on account of any out-penfioner of Greemvich hofpital, and addreffed to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, and the fum fpecified in fuch refpedtive certificates fhall have actually been paid by, or by the diredHon of, the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, to the perfons intitled to receive the fame, fuch fums fliall be immediately repaid by the treafurer of the navy, who is hereby diredted and required to pay the fame to the faid commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, or to their order, upon the certificate on which the acknowledgement of the receipt of fuch .money (hair be indorfed, together with the duplicate thereof, being produced to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy, if the faid certificates have been iffued by the commiffioners of the navy, or any of them, or to the treafurer of the navy, if the certificates have been iffued by the treafurer of Greemvich hofpital, or his firft clerk; but in cafe the duplicates of fuch certificates, iffued If duplicates refpedfively by the commiffioners of the navy, or any of them, or of certificates by the treafurer of Greemvich hofpital, or his firft clerk, addreffed duced^OTpay to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, (hall not be pro- ment within 9 duced and delivered to the colieffior or revenue officer to whom it months from (hall have been addreffed in Ireland, and the payment thereof be the date, they demanded within nine calendar months from the date thereof, cepecj oiuheir then, upon fuch certificates being returned by the commiffioners being return-of the revenue in Ireland\ to the commiffioners of the navy, or to edto England*

,v ■	the

Hosted by Google

C40 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

the treafurer of Greenwich hofpita], by whom fuch certificates may have been ifTued relpedtively, they fhall caufe fuch certificates to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof, the fum or fums,contained in fuch certificate or certificates {hall accrue and belong to fuch inferior officer, fea-man, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, or pen-fioner of Greenwich hofpita], for whofe wages, pay, penfion, or allowance, the fame was refpedtively made out, or to his attorney or attornies, or to his lawful reprefentatives in cafe he (hall be dead, in the fame manner as if fuch certificate had never been made out and ifTued.

Tickets, &c. XI. And be it further enadted, That all and every fuch ticket foAhe°t^cafuS anc^ tickets, duplicate and duplicates, and remittance certificate rer of the	and remittance certificates refpedtively, herein-before directed to

navy.	be made out and paid as aforefaid, ihall be deemed and taken as

good and fufficient vouchers for the treafurer of the navy, for fo much money as fhall have been fo diredted to be paid upon all or any fuch ticket, duplicate, or remittance certificate refpec-tively, and as fhall have been paid by him thereon, and fhall be allowed as fuch in paffing his accounts, and in his accounts with the treafurer of the royal hofpital at Greenwich.

Perfons conn- XII. And be it alfo enadted, That if any perfon, from and terfeiting cer- after the fir ft day of Anguft one thoufand feven hundred and ruhty^of feb- ninety-two, fhall falfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or ny.	procure to be made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly adt or

affift in the falfe making, forging, or counterfeiting any certificate by this adt diredted to be addreffed to the revenue officers, in Ireland, for the payment of any wages^ pay, or other allowance of money, or any penfion or prize money, with intention to defraud any perfon whatfoever, or fhall utter or publifh as true, any certificate by this adt directed to be addreffed to the revenue officers in Ireland for the payment of any wages, pay, or other allowance of money, or any penfion, with intention to defraud any perfon whatfoever, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, every fuch perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convidted by due courfe of law, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XIII.' And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Officers of the That from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven navy, &c. to hundred and ninety-two, all officers belonging to his Majefty’s nav)7’ aSents of hofpitals, officers and clerks- in publick offices, cates^&c. minifters of parifhes, and all other perfons whatfoever, fhall affift in granting the certificates, attefting the authorities, and by every means in their power forwarding the execution of this and other adts paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament relating to the pay-Penalty on ment of feamen’s wages ; and if any clerk, officer, or fervant in clerks, &c. any office relating to the navy, fhall directly or indiredtly de-

thoriled^fees11" manc^ ta^e> or reta^n? or caufe or procure, or knowingly and willingly permit or fuffer to be demanded, taken, or retained, any fee, gratuity, compenfation, or valuable confideration, (not being authorized by any adt in force fo to do), fave and except one fifth-

ling-

Hosted by Google

*792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67.	641

ling for every fearch at the navy office, and the ufual fee at the fame office for making out and certifying dead cloaths bills, of or from any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for or under pretence of the doing or performing any matter or thing hereby directed or authorifed to be done or performed, or which, (hall be in execution hereof, every fuch clerk, officer, or fervant, fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit, to any perfon or perfons who will fue for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhninfter, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no effioign, protection, privilege, wager of law,, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed ; and every fuch clerk, officer, or fervant fo offending, fhall, over and above the faid penalty of fifty pounds to be recovered as aforefaid, forfeit and lofe his place, and be for ever thereafter incapable of holding any place of profit in any fuch office.

XIV* And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid,

That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffion-

ers for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, COmmiffioners

fhall direcft the commiffioners of the navy to deliver fufficient of the navy to

quantities of blank certificates of difcharge, in the form prefcribed deliver blank;

by the aforefaid a<ft of the thirty-fecond of his prefent Majefty, to certificates,

all captains and commanding officers in his Majefty’s fervice, byGeo! 3.

demanding the fame; and the faid lord high admiral of Great c. 34. to cap-

Britain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord tains of the

high admiral of Great Britain, fhall diredl the treafurer of the

navy to caufe to be printed an abftradf of the provifions and regu- Jhf treafurer

lations contained in this and other a£ts of parliament refpedting to caufe to be

the payment of the royal navy, and to fend or deliver a compe- printed and

tent number of copies thereof to the principal officers and com- ^bftraS of the

mifiioners of his Majefty’s navy, to the commiffioners for fick regUiati0ns by

and hurt feamen, to the commiffioners of excife and to the com- ads of parlia-

miffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland, to the receivers mentrefped-

general of the land tax, to the regifters and deputy regifters of

the prerogative court of Canterbury, to the clerks of the check of nav^ the

his Majefty’s dock yards, to the governors and agents of royal principal ofB-

hofpitals, to the commanding officers of the feveral divifions of cers of the

marines, and to the minifter of every parifh in Great Britain, j^Yun^u

who are hereby ftridtly diredted and enjoined to hang up and affix'promul-

the fame in feme confpicuous. part of their feveral offices or gated, &c.

parifhes, and to promulgate the fame as much as may be in their

refpedtive departments ; and the faid commiffioners for executing to deliver *

the office of lord high admiral are further diredfed to caufe a com- copies of the

petent number of the copies of-the faid abftradtto be delivered to abitradt to the

the captain or commander of every fhip or veffel in his Majefty’s captains^or

fervice ; and fuch captain or commander, as loon as the fhip or fhall caufe

veffel by him commanded fhall be put into fea pay, fhall caufe one, with the

one of the faid printed abftrafts, together with the articles of articles of war,

war, to be hung up and affixed to the moft publick place of fuch ^

fhip or veffel, and fhall caufe the fame.to be conftantly kept up pUblick place

and renewed, fo that they may be at all times aceeftible to the of the Hup,

inferior officers and feamen on board of fuch {hips or veffels ; and And read

_	'	mov.'thl v to

Commiffioiv crs of the navy to en~

642 Anno regnl tricefmio fecundo GeoRGII III. c. 67. [1792.

every fuch captain or commander fhalJ caufe fuch abftra&s to be audibly and di(finally read over once in every month, in the prefence of the officers and feamen of fuch (hips or veffels, immedi* ately after the articles of war are read; and the reading both of the articles of war, and of the faid abflraft, and the days when read, {hall be attefted by the captain or commander, and the ufual fi-gning officers of fuch {hip or veil'd, at the foot of the mufter books of fuch fhip or veffel, before they are tranfmitted to the commiffioners of the navy; and the faid commiffioners are hereby ftridlly charged and directed to enquire whether the directions quire whether hereby given for hanging up and affixing the faid abftract and the directions articles of war, and for reading of the fame as aforefaid, have been for hanging duly obferved by the captain or commander of fuch fhip or veffel, have been anc^ not to §rant to caPta^n or commander his general cer-obferved, Sec* t:ificate until they are fully fatisfied thereof, to the end and intent that every feaman employed in the royal navy of Great Britain may at one and the fame time hear arid know the forfeitures and punifhments he is liable to for any negledh or difobedience, and likewife the encouragements and benefits to which he is entitled. Admiralty to by a due and faithful performance of his duty; and that upon fuf-—fering any oppreffion or injury in fuch fervice, he may be better enabled to lay his complaint before the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, who are hereby refpedlively charged and directed, upon any complaint being laid, ffrictly tp enquire into the circumftances of the fame, and to grant immediate redrefs therein if fuch complaint {hall be juftly founded, and to take fpecial and conftant care that this a£l and others relating to the navy, paffed in this feffion of parliament, be fully complied with, and punctually carried into execution. x

XV. And be it further enacted, That fo much of an act paifed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late Majefty, as directs as	a^‘	abftracts	thereof	to	be made out, printed, hung up, and read ijp

to^e^adc^0* Majefly’s {hips and veffels, {hall be repealed; and it is hereby out, See. re- repealed accordingly.

pealed.	XVI.	And	be	it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

Abftradt un- That the abflract, herein-before directed, {hall be in the follower this a<5t to ing words, or to the like effect; (that is to fay): be in the fob 65	’	V.

redrefs complaints, Sec,

So much of a<5t 31 Geo.

GENERAL ABSTRACT of the afts of parliament now in force relating to the payment of the wages of petty officers and feameny nsn~ commiffiioned officers of marines, and marines, ferving in the . royal navy of Great Britain.

lowing form.

Act 31 Geo 2. c. 10.

3 Geo. 3-c. 16.

26 Geo.3-c.63*

32Geo.3c.33.

3 ^ Oco ^	^	^	*

32Geo.3.*c*67!	'I* Every volunteer who (hall enter his name with any officer

3iGeo*3,c.io. appointed for entering volunteers, {hall be inti tied to wages from the date of his entry, provided he (hall appear on board his fhip within fourteen days thereafter: if his fliip {hall be diftjnt more than one hundred miles, he {hall be allowed twenty days to join it, and thirty days if the aiftance exceeds two hundred miles; he flaall likewife be intitled to the ufual conduit money, and to two

months

Hosted by

Google

1792.] Anno regni trlcefimo fecundo Georgii III. c,6j.	643

months advance wages at the firft fitting out of the fhip, which

fhall be paid before it proceeds to fea; and all petty officers, fea- 31Ge0.2x.10.

men, and marines, fhall be inti tied to the like advance of two

months wages before the fhip of which they are on board fhall

fail, in cafe they fhall not have received the fame before.

2.	Monies granted or to be granted by parliament for the fer- 31 Ge0.2x.10. vice of the navy, fhall, in the firft place, be applied for the regular payment of all tickets, and for the regular difcharge of all

wages due, or to grow due, in manner following; (that is to fay),

As often as any fhip which fhall have been in fea pay twelve calendar months, or more, fhall be or arrive in any port of Great Britain, or on the coaft thereof, the captain or commander fhall immediately caufe five complete pay books to be made out for all the time fuch fhip fhall have been in pay, except the laft fix months ; and fhall forthwith tranfmit, by the firft fafe opportunity, fuch books, together with three alphabets and a flop book, to the commiffioners of the navy at their board ; and as foon as fuch fhip fhall be or arrive in any port of Great Britain, where there is a commiffioner of the navy, the faid commiffioner of the navy fhall immediately folicit the neceffary fums of money, and caufe payment to be made of the wages due, deducting the advance money, and all defalcations, and leaving always the wages due 32Geo.3x.34. for the laft fix months, and for the time employed in preparing the books, unpaid, and no more; and all the wages due upon any 31Ge0.2x.10. fhip fhall be paid as foon as may be, or within two months at fartheft after the arrival of fuch fhip in port to be laid up.

3.	If any inferior officer, feaman, or marine, who fhall have 31 Geo.2x.10* been abfent at the payment of his fhip upon leave, upon any detached fervice, from having been taken by the enemy, or caft

away, fhall make application for payment of his wages in perfon,

or through his commander, to the commiffioners of the navy at

their board, or to any commiflioner of the navy at any port of

Great Britain where any commiflioner of the navy may be and

refide, fuch commiflioner or commiffioners fhall caufe the fihips

books, or extra£ls or lifts made from the fame, to be fent to

whichever of the above places the party may be, and the wages

forthwith to be paid: but if his fhip fhall not be paid, and he fhall 3aGeo.3x.33,

be left behind upon any detached fervice, when it proceeds to fea

on foreign fervice, tickets, upon application from the captain of

the fhip on board of which he fhall be ordered to ferve, fhall be

made out from the mufter books, but which fhall not be payable

until fuch fhip fhall come in courfe of payment, or until he fhall

be regularly difcharged therefrom.-—When the pay books are 31 Qe0.2x.jcu

.clofed, tickets fhall, upon application, be made out at the navy

office to the inferior officers, feamen, and marines, who fhall not

have received their wages, and fuch tickets fhall be paid in courfe

once a month.

4.	Every petty officer, feaman, or marine, who fhall be in any 3zGeo.3x.34. way difcharged from any fhip, fhall receive from his captain or commander, a certificate of his time and fervice, (blank copies of 3zGeq.3x.670 which certificates fhall be ifTued to all captains and commanders,

Vol. XXXVII.	'	Uu	by

Hosted by Google

644	.	Anno	regni	tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792,

by the commiffioners of the navy, when they fhall demand the fame); and no inferior officer, feaman, or marine, (hall receive any wages, nor (hall fuch wages be paid to his order, or to his power of attorney, or to his heirs or .executors, unlefs fuch certificate be produced, or unlefs he (hall be identified by a com-miffioned or warrant officer who belonged to the jfhip at fome part of the time of his fervice; and if he fhall have been taken by the enemy, or caft away, he fhall not be paid his wages, unlefs he fhall have appeared to have entered again on board of a King’s {hip, in a reasonable time thereafter, or unlefs, in any of thefe cafes, he fhall fliew a reafonable caufe for not complying with fuch dire&ions, that fhall be admitted as fuch by the commiffioner

3aGeo.3x.34. comptroiling, and the clerk of the treafurer then paying; and wages due to any perfon who fhall be marked upon the fhip’s books to have run from the fervice, fhall not be payable, unlefs fuch mark fhall be taken off by order of the commiffioners of the navy.

31Ge0.ax.10.	5, Every inferior officer or feaman who fhall be turned over

when at a port of Great Britain where a commiffioner of the navy may be, fhall be paid for the fhip from which he fhall be fo removed, before that into which he fhall go proceeds to fea, unlefs it fhall be otherwife directed by fpecial order from the admiralty, in cafes of the greateft exigency only, in which cafe the wages fhall be paid as foon as fuch fhip fhall come again into any port in Great Britain where there fhall be a commiffioner of the navy.

3aGeo.^ c.33,	6. When any inferior officer, feaman, or marine, fhall be re-

moved from one fhip to another, while abroad, or at any place where no commiffioner of the navy fhall be and refide, he fhall receive a remove ticket for the time that he fhall have ferved in the fhip from which he fhall be turned over, which fhall not be ialeable or transferrable, but for which he may receive payment by applying in perfon at any one of the pay offices in London, Portfmoutbj Plymouth, or Chatham^ provided he fhall appear to have regularly entered, and to have been three times muftered in the fhip into which he was turned over, or appear upon the books to have been regularly difcharged therefrom.

3sGeo.3.c-33?	7. If he fhall be difcharged from his fhip unferviceable at home

or abroad, or be fent fick into any hofpital or fick quarters at home or abroad, he fhall receive from his captain or commander a ticket in like manner; and if, after being received into any fuch hofpital or fick quarters, he fhall be difcharged unferviceable therefrom, he fhall alfo receive from the agent of fuch hofpital a certificate pf his difcharge; and upon preienting fuch ticket and difcharge from fuch hofpital,. at any of the pay offices above-mentioned, together with a certificate of his having received no wages for his fervices in hispaffagehome, if he fhall have come home in a packet or merchantman, he fhall receive payment thereof, and fhall be fent by the commiffioner to the neareft hofpital, where he fhall be received and vi£fualled from the time of pre-fencing his tickets till fie be pa^d 5 and if he-fhall be or arrive in

Hosted by Google

1792.] Annoregni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67.	645

any other part of	Britain	or	Ireland, he fhall prefent his

tickets and certificates to any collector of the cuftoms, colle&or of the excife^ receiver general of the land tax, or clerk of the check, who may be or refide at that place; and the faid collector, receiver, or clerk of the check, being fatisfied as to his identity, fhall forward the faid tickets and certificates to the commiffioners of the navy in London^ who will return a bill for the amount of the wages due thereon, and which bill fhall be payable by fuch collector or receiver, in the manner more particularly defcribed in the ninth claufe of this abftracf ; and if any fuch remove tickets fhould be unavoidably loft or deftroyed, the party fhall receive payment upon the duplicate of the fame which fhall have been fent to the navy board by the commander of the (hip for which it was made out; and if both parts fhould be fo loft or deftroyed, the party, or his heirs, fhall be intitled to receive whatever fhall be due to them upon other tickets to be made out from the mutter books, or upon the fhip’s books, if the fhip fhall then be paid for the time. If the petty officer, feaman, or marine, who fhall have been fent Tick, as aforefaid, to any hofpital or lick quarters, fhall be difcharged therefrom, to return to his fhip, he fhall leave his ticket with the agent; but if he fhall be difcharged to go on board any other fhip, he fhall carry his trcket with him, but which fhall not be payable until the fhip into which he fhall go fhall come irj courfe of payment, or until he fhall be difcharged therefrom ; and when fuch petty officers, feamen, and marines, fhall be at any time fent fick on fhore, the ag?nt of the hofpital, or fick quarters, fhall make out a lift containing their names and numbers at which they flood in the {hip’s books, to which he fhall procure the fignature of the officer who conduced them on fhore, and as foon afterwards as poffible that of the captain or commander of the fhip from which they were fent.

8.	When any inferior officer, feaman, or marine, fhall die on 3iGeo.2.c.io. board of any fhip in the fervice of his Majefty, a dead ticket fhall extended by be tranfmitted by the firft opportunity to the commiffioners Gf 33Geo.3x.33. the navy, for the wages due to fuch officer, feaman, or marine,

as alfo annexed thereto a lift or bill for the value of the cloaths and effetfts (if any) which he may have left; and the faid commiffioners fhall aflign the fame for payment within one month from the time from which they fhall receive it, and upon application caufe it to be delivered for the benefit of the heirs or executors of the party.

9.	As often as any fhip which fhall not be in a port of Great 3*Greo,2.c.io. Britain, or on the coaft thereof, fhall have twelve calendar months ex^nded by wages due, the captain or commander fhall caufe the names of by ' all the inferior officers, feamen, and marines to be called over, Geo. 3. c. 67. and each to anfwer to his name, and fhall do the fame at the end

of eyery fix months when twelve calendar months wages or more fhall be due; and if any fuch officer, feaman, or marine, fhall then declare or deliver in writing the name and place of abode of'his wife, father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother, or fitter.,

^nd defire that the whole or any part of his wages then due, ex-

U u 2	cept

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

cept the wages due for the laft fix months, fhould be paid to any ■fuch relation by any receiver-general of the land tax, colledlor of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the check in Great Britain, or by any revenue officer in Ireland, the captain or commander is ftridlly required to caufe four lifts to be made out of the perfons fo defiring to ndake fuch remittances, and fhall tranfmit fuch lifts by the firft fafe opportunity, without delay, to the commiffioners of the navy- at their board ; who, on receipt thereof, fhall immediately make out two bills, if payment is required to be made in Great Britain, or two certificates if to be made in Ireland, for the payment of the wages fo allotted by each perfon, one of which bills or certificates fhall be fent to the perfons refpecfiyely fpecified in fuch lifts, and the other to fuch receiver, colledlor, or clerk of the check, or commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland; and if the perfon to whom any fuch bill is fent fhall, within fix months from the date thereof, produce and deliver the fame to fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, together with a certificate that fuch perfon is the wife, father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother, or filter, as the cafe may be, of fuch officer, feaman, or marine, refpedtively, under the hand of the minifter and churchwardens, or in Scotland of the minifter and two elders of the parifti where fuch perfon was married or refides, fuch receiver, colledfor, or clerk of the check, upon being fatisfied of the truth of fuch certificate by examining the party upon oath, or other wife, is immediately, without fee or reward, to pay the fum mentioned in fuch bill, taking a receipt ; and fuch bill or fuch certificate, together with the duplir cate thereof, being produced at the navy office, fhall be immediately affigned for payment by the commiffioners of the navy, £nd repaid by the treasurer of the navy to fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, or to the commiffioners of the rever nue in Ireland, or their order reflectively ; but if payment of the faid bill be not demanded of fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, and the duplicate of the faid bill, together with a proper certificate, be not produced and delivered to them respectively within fix months from the date thereof, the bill or certG jficate is to be‘ returned and cancelled, and the fum contained therein is'to become payable to fuch inferior officer, feaman, or marine, when the fhip fhall be paid.

SiGeo.a.c.io. 10. in like manner when wages fliall be due to inferior offi-extended to cers, feamen, or marines, who fhall have been difeharged unfer-jrriafines by 32 vjce^b]e or to the heirs or executors of inferior officers, feamen,

(3GO* *1 C* ^1	*	•	*

to heirs and * or marines, or to thofe who fhall adminifter as their principal creditors by creditors, and who in either cafe fhall not be in London, or at any 32Geo.3-c.34. 0f the out-ports where Teamen’s wages are paid; or when wages be Pa^ 2t Pay office, or at any of the out-ports, and any ^ i%.	C0'	infierior officer, feaman, or marine, fhdll be defirous to remit the

whole or part of his wages to himfeif, his wife, children, or parents, or to any Other perfon, and to have a bill or certificate for the fame drawn upon any fuch receiver-general, collector, or clerk of the check, or commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland, l' -	'	-	then.



iy9^.] Anno regrii tricfefimo fecundo GeorOii III. c

then, and in each of thefe cafes, two bills or two certificates are , to be made out, one of which is to be delivered to fuch officer, feaman, or marine, or fent or delivered to fuch heir, executor, or creditor, and the other to be fent to fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, or to the commilfioners of the revenue in Ireland,, who fhall pay or caufe to be paid immediately the fum therein mentioned, without any fee or reward, and who fhall be repaid by the treafurer of the navy, and fhall return the bill, if unpaid after fix months, in the manner diredled by the former claufe.

11.	If any receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, (hall not 31 Geo, 2. c?

have in his hands money to anfwer any bill or certificate ten- IO* ex.tended dered by the party in whofe favour the fame is made out, and	L

fliall refufe or delay the immediate payment thereof, he is to in- 33> anci to dorfe on fuch bill or fuch certificate, the caufe of his refufal or heirs and ere-delay, and appoint for payment fome day within one month after	3?

fuch tender; and if upon complaint to the commilfioners refpec- eo*3*c'o4« tively appointed to manage the land tax, cuftoms, or excife, or

to the commilfioners of the navy, or the commilfioners of the revenue in Ireland, refpedfively, it fhall appear that any fuch receiver, collector, or clerk of the check hath unneceffarily and wilfully refufed or delayed payment, or that he, or any perfon employed by or under him, hath taken any fee, reward, gratuity^’ dilcount or deduction on account of payment of any fuch bill or fuch certificate, fuch commilfioners may fine fuch offender in any fum net exceeding fifty pounds*

12.	Every officer or feaman who fhall be turned over from one siGeoA.c.ioJ '{hip to another fhall not ferve or be rated in a worfe quality or

lower degree than he ferved in or was rated for in the former fhip.

13.	Every fupernumerary man ferving ten days in any fhip fhall be borne for and entitled to his wages upon the books of fuch fhip, and to all other benefits, a* if he was part of the complement of luch fhip; but men lent from one fhip to another fhall continue to be borne for and entitled to their wages upon the books of the fhip from which they were lent, until they fhall be regularly difeharged from thence, and in no other.

14.	Any inferior officer, feaman, or marine, who fhall be de- 26Geo.3-c.630 firous to execute a will or a power of attorney, and fliall at that ^rineTb^ time belong to any fhip, mull execute the fame on board of fuch Qe™n^ CJ^ fhip, uiilefs he fhould be at fick quarters.

If made on board it muff be attefted by the commanding of- Do. ficer and one other figning officer belonging to the fhip, and mufb fpecify the number at which the maker ftands rated upon the {flip’s books ; if at fick quarters, it muff be attefted by the agent* and muft fpecify his number.

If he fhall have been difeharged the fervice, and fhall be within Do. the bills of mortality of the cities of London and Wefimlnjler, his will or power muft be attefted before the infpeftor or his affiftant at the navy pay office in London.	:	/	-

* D a 3	-	-	'If'

Do,

Do.

Da.

648 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

32.Geo.3.0,34. If he fhall be at Portfmputh, Plymouth, or Chathami or within feven miles of either of thefe places, his power mu ft be attefted by a clerk of the treafurer of the navy at fuch place.

26Geo.3x.63. if he fhall be in any other place in Great Britain or Ireland his will or power of attorney mu ft be attefted by the minifter and two churchwardens, or two elders of the parifli where he fhall be at the time of executing the fame.

26Geo.3x.63. All wills and powers of attorney made by inferior officers, feamen, or marines, muft contain the full defeription of the refi-dence, profeftion or bufinefs of the perfon who fhall be therein appointed attorney or executor, and alfo the name of the fhip to which fuch officers, feamen, or marines laft belonged; and if made on board, or at lick quarters, the number at which their names flood on their refpedlive fhip’s books : every letter of attorney muft be declared in the body thereof to be revocable.

33Geo 3.C.34. A certificate of difeharge muft be produced to whoever fhall atteft any will or power of attorney made on fhore by inferior officers, feamen, or marines, and forwarded to the infpe&or with fuch will or power, or a reafon muft be given for the fame not being produced, which fhall be noted on the back of the will or power, and muft be admitted as fatisfadlory at the pay office before a check can be blued.

26Geo.3x.63. All powers of attorney and wills made by inferior officers,

extended to feamen, and marines, muft be delivered to thofe who atteft them,

marines by 32 whQ are dire£ted to forward them immediately to the treafurer*

vjGO ^ C • ^ 4 •	*	•	'

*	^	or	to the paymafter of the navy at the pay office in London, to

be there kept as vouchers ; and as foon as they are afeertained to be authentick, by inveftigation to be made at fuch office (for which purpofe the infpeefor fhall have free accefs to all pay and mufter books of fhips, and to all hofpital returns), checks in lieu of the fame will be iflued to the parties named as attornies or executors, that fhall be to them the fame as the original powers

32Geo.3x.34. of attorney and wills. All wills and powers of attorney, made by inferior officers or feamen, prior to the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, or by marines prior to the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and'ninety-two, muft be fent to the navy pay office in London, where they muft be examined and approved of, and ftamped by the infpeftor before any payment of wages, or other allowances, can be made upon them.

32Geo.3x.34.	15. Inferior officers, feamen, or marines, may grant orders

inftead of powers of attorney, in cafes where the wages due and payable to them for their fervices do not exceed feven pounds, but which orders muft be witnefled by the commander or by a figning officer or lieutenant on board of the fhip where fuch fer-vice was performed, and the fame, accompanied by a certificate from fuch officer, muft be fubmitted for infpe&ion at the pay office in London, where (if found juft) it will be ftamped for payment.

32Geo.3x.34.	16. All lieutenants are .directed to fign their names upon fome

page of every mufter book, in order that their fignatures may be

known

Hosted by Google

179^] Antto regfri trieefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 6f.	64$

known to the infpedtor at the navy pay office; all captains or z6Ge0.3.0.65* commanders are directed to fpecify upon every fuch mafter book 3^^60.3.0.34. which of the men have granted wills or, powers fince the preceding return.

And all officers in the navy, and other officers under govern- 3aGeo,3.c.67. tnent, are directed to grant the certificates, atteft the vouchers, and adf in other refpeSfs as fhall be neceftary on their part to fulfil the intent and meaning of the refpe&ive inftrudtions and re-quifitions fet forth and made in this abftracft.

17.	All wills, letters of attorney, and orders, other than made 2,6Geo.3.c.63. agreeable to the aforefaid directions, made by inferior officers, 3lGe0.2.0.10* feamen, or marines, and all bargains, bills of fale, and alignments concerning the wages or allowances of money due, growing or to grow due to any inferior officer, feaman or marine,

fhall be null and void.—Alignments made by commiffioned and 32-Gee.3.C.zv warrant officers fhall be good and valid, provided they fhall be made general, and for a certain fpecified fum; and the treafurer of the navy, or perfons paying for him, fhall pay all wages or Other allowances due to fuch officers upon fuch affignments, until the fum fpecified in the fame fhall be duly fatisfied ; and in cafes where more than one affignment fhall be produced, the treafurer, or perfons paying for him, .fhall pay upon them and fatisfy them according to the priority of their dates, but he or they fo paying fhall take no notice whatever of any affignment made by any officer, unlefs the fame fhall be exhibited and be accompanied with the neceftary certificates and papers, at the time when payment fhall be demanded to be made thereon ; and the faid treafurer, or perfons paying for him, fhall not take notice of any power of attorney, or any check of any power, unlefs fuch power or check fhall be prefented at the time of payment % and if two or more powers or checks fhall be prefented at the fame time, payment fhall be made to that which bears the lateft 'date.

18.	Britifh governors, minifters and confuls, refiding at foreign 3aGrea.3.<r.3'jij parts, or, where no fuch are prefent, any two Britift') merchants

are required to provide for feafaring men and boys, fubjedls of Great Britain, who by ftiipwreck, capture, or other unavoidable accident, fhall be in foreign parts, dr who fhall be difcharged there as unferviceable from the royal navy, and fubfift them at nine-pence per diem each, and fend them home as foon as conveniently may be in any fhip belonging to the royal navy, or in any merchant fhip.

19.	Mafters of {hips fhall be allowed nine-pence per diem for 3^Geo.3.c.33. all fuch men and boys as fhall exceed their complement.

20* Inferior officers, feamen, or marines, {hall not be taken saGe0.3.0.33. out of the fervice for any debt, unlefs fuch debt fhall have been contradted before they entered the navy, and fhall exceed twenty pounds.

21.	But creditors may file a common appearance fo as to en- 3aGeo.3.0.33^ title them to proceed to judgement and outlawry, and to have an execution thereon, except againft the bodies of fuch feamen.

U u 4	22.	Receivers

Hosted by Google

650 Anno regni tricefimo fee undo Ge6rgii III. c. 67. [179^

31Ge0.2x.10.	22. Receivers of Teamens wages taking more than fix-pence

in the pound fhall, for every offence, forfeit fifty pounds ; and if any fuch offender be a clerk, officer, or fervant in an office belonging to the navy, he fhall lofe his place, and be incapable of holding any place of profit in fuch office#	>	.

32Geo.3x.67.	23. Clerks, officers, and fervants in offices belonging to the

navy, taking fees (not allowed by the adbs of which this is an abftradb) for doing any thing diredbed by the faid adbs, fhall be. fubjedb to the fame forfeitures.

31Ge0.2x.10.	24. Captains or commanders of {hips are to tranfmit, from

time to time, to the commiffioners of the navy at their board, complete pay books, lifts and tickets, and alfo, once in every two months, complete mufter books, under the penalty of forfeiting all their wages to the cheft at Chatham, and of being liable to fuch further puniffiment as a court martial fhall infiidf, except in cafes of neceffity, to be made appear to the fatisfadbion of the lord high admiral, or commiffioners of the admiralty. 31Ge0.2x.10.	25. The payment of tickets, certificates, or pay lifts, fhall

32Geo.3x.76. not be delayed, though the mufter or pay books be not regularly fent to, and received by the commiffioners of the navy; but if any error fhall be nlade in any ticket, certificate, or pay lift, the lofs fhall be made good out of the wages of the captain or commander by whom fuch ticket, certificate, or pay lift was made out.	'

32Geo.3x.34.	26. Captains and commanders who fhall fail from any foreign

ftation, before an opportunity offers of tranfmitting home their mufter books, lifts, and tickets, fhall leave them with the naval officer, or fome refpedbable merchant or other perfon, to be for-. warded by the firft opportunity.

32Geo.3x.34.	27. Captains removed from any fhip in his Majefty’s fervice

fhall leave with his fucceffor complete mufter books, figned by himfelf and the proper officers, to the date of his removal, and fhall receive a receipt for the fame ; and the commiffioners of ,	the navy fhall not fign his general certificate unlefs fuch receipt

be produced, or unlefs it be made appear that the diredbions herein given were complied with, as far as the nature of the fervice would admit.

31Ge0.2x.io.	28. Wages, &c. earned by an apprentice fhall be paid to his

altered by 32 matter as ufual, if fuch matter fhall produce the indentures at the Geo, 3. c. 33. pay table when the wages are demanded, unlefs fuch apprentice fhall have been above eighteen years of age when hew^as indented, in which cafe, he may receive payment of the fame himfelf, or unlefs he fhall be rated as a fervant to an officer, in which cafe bis wages fhall be paid to fuch officer according.to the ufual pradbice of the navy, unlefs fuch officer fhall have been informed of fuch apprenticefhip by the indentures having been exhibited to him.

32Geo.3x.34.	29. All months to which this abftradb of the naval adbs relates,

fhall be counted and reckoned calendar months, excepting in computing the wages due to officers, Teamen, and marines, when each month fhall confift of twenty-eight days only*

30. Captains

.	M

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anfto regni tficefirrio fee undo Georgii TIL c;6y*	651

30.	Captains or commanders iffuing any tickets, other than 3iGeo.2.c. 16. Tuch as are directed by the different adfs^ of which this is an

abftradt, fhall be fubjedf to a penalty of fifty pounds for every ticket, and fhall forfeit all their wages to the cheft at Chatham.

31.	Thofe who claim the wages of any inferior officer, fea- s6Geo.3.c.63# man, or marine, as executors, as foon as they fhall be informed

of the teftator’s death, muff forward the authorities under which they fo claim by the general pod, addreffed to the treafurer or to the paymader of the navy, London.—Thofe who claim as neared 3zGe0.3.C.34. of kin mud alfo write, when they fhall be informed of the death of their relation, by the general pod, to the treafurer or to the paymader, dating their pretenfions to the wages which may remain due ; and thofe who fhall be inti tied to claim as creditors mud apply in like manner, and at the fame time date in writing the nature and amount of their demand ; a proof mud alfo be produced in each of thefe cafes of the inferior officer, feaman, or inarine’s death ; if he fhall have died after having left the fervice, the bufrnefs will then be properly invedigated at the navy pay office; and if the claim be found jud, the neceffary expences of adminidering at Doctors Commons (which are limited as per claufe thirty-fecond of this abdradf) will be defrayed, and the balance will be directed to be paid to the executor or adminidrator, if prefent, and, if abfent, by a remittance bill to be made out in the manner herein-before 'deferibed in the tenth claufe of this abdradt, and which fhall be payable wherever he may refide without any fee, reward, or deduction whatever.

Penfions due to out-penfioners of Greenwich hofpital, fhall be 3Geo.^.c. 16. paid by bill in like manner, in any part of Great Britain or Ireland, upon application being made by the party in writing to the go-	.

vernors of the faid hofpital.

Thofe who fhall be named as executors in wills, or who fhall 3aGeo.3x.34. be intitled to adminider as wddow, next of kin, or creditor, to inferior officers, feamen, or marines, may receive the wages which fhall be due, without incurring the expence of taking out letters of admimdration, in cafes where fuch wages and other allowances do not exceed ten pounds, provided the judnefs of their refpedfive claims fhall be fatisfadforily ascertained at the pay office, and the faid wages, See. fhall be remitted in like manner, if required, to any part of Great Britain or Ireland.

32.	Regiders or prodfors in Doctors Comonons, taking more 32Geo.3x.34. than the Turns allowed by the adt to be charged in the different

events therein lpecified, fhall forfeit the fum oT fifty pounds; ancf any regider or prodlor, aiding or affiding in procuring probates or adminidrations, otherwife than in the manner prelcribed by the adf, fhall for ever be rendered incapable of adling in any ec-clefiadical court in Great Britain, and fhall, for every offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

33.	Whoever willingly and knowingly fhall perfonate, or 3iGeo.a.c 10. falfely affume the name or charadfer of, or procure any other to 3^Geo*3-c*33« perfonate, or falfely to affume the name or character of any 3^Geo.3.c.34. officer, feaman, or other perfou intitled to wages, pay, allow- 2% €0'3‘c‘

anceSj

Hosted by Google

652 Anno regni tricefimo fefcundo GEokGii III. c, 67. [1792.

ances, or prize money, for fervice done on board of any {hip of the royal navy; or the executor, adminifirator^ wife, relation* or creditor of any fuch officer, feaman, or other perfon, in order to receive any wages, pay, allowances, or prize money; or fhall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, or other power or authority whatfoever, in order to receive any wages, pay, allowances, or prize money, or {hall willingly and knowingly take a falfe oath, or procure a falfe oath to be taken, to obtain the probate of a will or letters of adminif-tration, in order to receive any wages, pay, allowances, or prize 3sGeo*3.c?34. money, fhall be guilty of felony, and fuffer death ; and whoever knowingly {hall forge or counterfeit any certificate of difcharge, or certificate of fervitude, in order to intitle them to recover their own wages, or affift in fo doing, fhall be punifhed as in cafes of perjury.

31Ge0.3c.10.	34.	The	tickets, certificates, pay lifts, bills, and duplicates

3aGeo.3x.33. herein mentioned, fhall be fufficient vouchers to the treasurer of 32Geo.3x.34* navy for the payments made thereon..

3aGeo.3x.67.

3aGeo.3x.34

33Geo.3x.67

35.	Every part of the complement on board any of his Majelly’s {hips is included under the denomination of inferior or petty officers and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, except thofe who {hall be rated as follow: admirals or flag officers and their fecretaries, captains, lieutenants* mailers, fecond mailers, and pilots, phyficians, furgeons, chaplains, boatfvvains, gunners, carpenters, purfers, captains of marines, captains lieutenants of marines, lieutenants of marines, and quarter mailers of marines.

36.	Copies of this abllra£l fhall be tranfmitted to the principal officers and commiffioners of his Majelly’s navy, to the com-miffioners for fick and wounded feamen, to the commiffioners of the excife and cufloms in England and Scotland, to the receivers general of the land tax, to the regifters and deputy regifters of the prerogative court of Canterbury? to the clerks of the check of his Majelly’s dock yards, to the governors and agents of the royal hofpitals, to the commanding officers of the feveral divifions of marines, and to the miniller of every parilh in Great Britain, who are directed to hang up and affix the fame in fome confpi-cuous part of their feveral offices or parilhes, and to promulgate the fame as much as may be in their refpedlive departments. A copy of this abllrail, together with the articles of war, fhall alfo be kept hung up in the moll publick place of every (hip of the royal navy, that it may be acceffible to all inferior officers and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines 5 and every captain and commander fhall caufe the fame to be read over once in every month, after the articles of war are read, and the reading of the fame fhall be attefted by the captain or commander and figning officers at the foot of the muller books y to the end that every feaman in the royal navy may know the punilhments he is liable to for any neglecl or difobedience, and the encouragement he is intitled to by the performance of his

duty*

Hosted by Google

*792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeoRgii III* c. 68.	653

duty, and that upon differing any injury he may be enabled to lay his complaint before the lord high admiral or the commiflion^ ers of the admiralty, who are directed to inquire into the fame, and to grant redrefs if fuch complaint be juftly founded, and to take efpecial care that this and the other a£is, of which this is an abftradt, be pun&ually carried into execution.

C A P. LXVIII.

An a<5t for making efFe<5hial the ftatute labour in the county of Renfrew, and for levying converfion money in lieu of labour in certain cafes ; and for otherwife regulating, making, and repairing high roads and bridges in the faid county.

Truftees for carrying the adt into execution. Ten pounds penalty for acting if not qualified* Five truftees to be a quorum. Bufinefs of general meetings, and times of meeting, and to fix the converfion for ftatute labour, and roads to be repaired. Clerk to call meetings. A<5ls of the annual general meetings not to be reverfed till the next annual meeting. Parifh meetings. Quorum at parilh meetings. Truftees may appoint agents to adt for them. Bufinefs of parifh meetings. Parifh meetings to appoint officers. Parifh meetings to call for copies of the tax roll. Power of parilh truftees about dividing valuations. Parifh meetings to keep minutes of their procedure ; to be reported to the general meeting. Occupiers of land, and houfeholders who are labourers, to work on the highways ; or, in the option of the truftees in each parifh, pay a converfion in lieu of labour. Provifo. The truftees may levy the converfion from the whole occupiers or houfeholders, Sec. Proprietors of grafs ground liable therefore. Innkeepers, See. keeping horfes to pay converfion only. Cottagers and houfeholders not labourers to pay converfion only. Manufadturers,

Sec. to pay converfion only. Occupiers of land, and houfeholders who are labourers, in cafe of failure to work, to pay 3s. for each abfent horfe, and is. and 6d. for each ablent man. Innkeepers, &c. who are occupiers of land to pay for their horfes, or for their lands. Occupiers whofe valuation is under 50I. Scots, to be liable either as occupiers, or as keeping horfes. Bufinefs of meetings of truftees for the refpedfive parifhes. Statute work, or compofition, to be laid out in each parifh. The magiftrates and town council of Paifley, to have the foie direction of the ftatute labour there, and to pay 60I. to the Abbay parifh truftees, Sec. The fewars of the new town of Paifley, to pay 61. a year to the Abbay parifh truftees, and have the foie diredlion of the ftatute labour. The ftatute of the new and old parifhes of Greenock and Port Glafgow and Newark, to be ap- -plied in thofe parifhes. Parifh meetings to compound with magiftrates of towns for ftatute labour. Parifh meetings to chufe committees to fuper-intend the roads. Their powers and duties. Power to borrow money.

Penalty in cafe parifh truftees fail to apply ftatute work or converfion.

Power to lower the converfion money. Power to exeem indigent perfons.

Converfion money to be paid the nrft of March and the firft of Auguft, yearly. Penalties in cafe of failure in the payment, and rules about the collection. Penalty on colledtor in cafe of a falfe accufation. Penalty in cafe he fails to levy. Ditches and road Tides to be fcoured. Roads to be twenty-four feet wide. Buildings eredted within twenty feet from the-middle of the highways to be pulled down. Hedges on the lides of the high-roads to be pruned. Power to alter and vary the courfe of roads, to fhut up roads, and form of procedure relative thereto. For invefting pur-chafe money to the fame ufes as the lands, Sec. flood fettled. Power of parifh meetings about making drains. Power to open quarries, &c. Notice to be given to occupiers of lands before materials are taken for repairing the roads, and for building or repairing the bridge. Claufe about pits and rubbifh on the fides of highways. Additional affeirment for building bridges. Provifo in cafe of fudden damage done to a bridge, Sec.

Colledtor of the land tax to levy the afiefiment for bridges and the ftatute money within the burghs. Penalties, Sec. how to be recovered. Form

to

Hosted by CjjOO^Ic

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeoRGII 111. c. 6g. [1792.

to be obferved in profecutions and diftrefis under this aft. Appeal to per-fons aggrieved in cafes for which no relief is direded by this ad. Adions for penalties to be commenced within a year. Truftees may ad as juf-tices, and hold offices of emolument. Former ads inconfiftent with this ad to be of no force in the county of Renfrew. Clergymen to be exempt from ftatute labour. Expence of this ad how to be paid. Publick ad.

C A P. LXIX.

An ad for cleanfing, lighting, watching and regulating the ftreets, Janes* paffages and places, within the towns of Manchefter and Salford, in the county palatine of Lancafter; for widening and rendering more commodious feveral of the faid ftreets, lanes and pali'ages $ arid for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Ad 5 Geo. 3.C. 81. repealed. Commiffioners, thewarden and fellows of the college in Manchefter, the borough reeves and conftatbles of Manchefter and Salford, and owners and occupiers of houfes in Manchefter and Salford, of the yearly rent of 30I. Firft meeting of the commiffioners June 11, 1792. Commiffioners not to ad if interefted, but may ad as juftices. Proceedings of commiffioners to be done at meetings, and the majority at meetings (not lefs than nine) may ad. Proceedings to be entered in books. Commiffioners to appoint officers, and to take fecurity from the treafurer, &c. Officers to account. On failure of accounting, to be. committed. Power to provide lamps. Penalty on perfons wilfully damaging lamps ; for the firft offence, 5I. for the fecond and third offences, 10I. Commiffioners may contrad for lamps, and with fcavengers, for water carts, for fire engines, and other neceftaries ; and fell the manure from the ftreets. Surveyors to infped the works. Power to take in new ftreets, and make them public highways. Bakers not removing kids or faggots, and owners of houfes not removing fpouts, being a nuifance to the ftreet, fubjed to a penalty of 5I. On refund of owners, tenants to alter fpouts, and charge the expence to the landlord. Chimnies fired, liable to 5s. penalty. Pavements, &c. may be broke when fires happen. Fire plugs * to be put into the water pipes j and are to be made good by the commiffioners. Lamps, &c. veiled in the commifiioners. Commiffioners a Corporation. Watching. Watchmen and others not to gain fettlements by appointment. Commiffioners to make orders and bye laws for hackney coaches, See. Perfons plying without licence, or in improper places, to forfeit 4.0s. Owners of hackney coaches, &c.' to affix their numbers, and leave notice of their places of abode. To prevent frauds at weighing machines. Bye laws to be figned by the clerk to the commiffioners, and inferted in the newfpapers. Power to provide a proper place for thede-puty conftable, Szc. Set up hords. Lights to be fixed. Commiffioners to dired where gratings over openings in the pavements (hall be made. Making nuifances in the foot pavements, Szc. or baiting any bull, or making any bonfires in the public ftreets, to forfeit 20s. Penalty on Uaugh-tering, lcalding, Szc. cattle in the ftreets, 40s. Carriages not to be left in the ftreets, Szc. Signs projeding into the ftreets to be*removed. Sewers, Szc. to be made by commiffioners. Projedions, Szc. to be removed. Bog-houfesto be emptied between eleven of the clock at night and five in the morning. Names cf the ftreets to be fet up, and houfes numbered. Rates not to exceed one drilling and fixpence in the pound. Tenant t6 pay the rates. Houfes under 4I. 10s. a year, and the eft ate belonging to the free grammar fchool, exempt. Provifion for payment of rates where houfes are let in lodgings. If afTeffors negled to levy the rates, commiffioners may. do it. Rates to be allowed by the commiffioners. How rates to be paid by tenants quitting or entering. Payment of rates not to give fettlement. Perfons aggrieved by rates, may apply to commiffioners. Treafurers to pay the money received, as commiffioners dired. Houfes and buildings to be ereded for the future, to have party walls, on penalty of 50I. Regulations refpeding joifts or bearing timbers. Commiffioners' to appoint and remove the furveyors of buildings, Szc. Funnels for conveying fmoke, not to be put on the outrides of houfes. To dired; the con-ftrudion of chimnies. Treafurer to publifh annual accounts. The ftreets

in

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georg n III. c. 70,

in Manchefter and Salford to be widened and improved by fubfcription* and fubfbribers of iob or upwards, to be commiffioners. For verting the money fubfcribed, for making openings and improvements, in the commiffioners ; for executing that part of the abt. Commiffioners impowered to purcbafe houfes mentioned in the fchedule. ISTotice to be given in the newlpapers of a meeting to purchafe houfes. For making fatisfabtion to owners of houfes which fhall be damaged. Power to fell houfes. To afcertain value, &c. of houfes, buildings and grounds, by a jury. Warrant to fummon jury. Challenge of jurymen. Penalty 20I. on the ffieriff not returning a jury. How the expence of the jury, &c. is to be paid.

Upon payment of the purchafe money, conveyances to be executed. ^Payment being made, commiffioners may enter into poffeffion. Commiffioners, &c. may purchafe the whole houfe. Money payable to bodies, corporate, to be inverted in the purchafe of other eftates. For fale of the exchange. Mifnomer, or wrong defcription in the fchedule, not to prevent the execution of the abt. Commiffioners impowered to fell ground not wanted for the purpofes of the abt. Continuance of this abt, as to widening rtreets, 20 years. For compelling attendance of witneffes. Manner of convibtion for offences againft this act. Inhabitants competent witneffies in all actions, &c. Directing the planner of ferving notice, Sec. Penalties maybe mitigated. For afeertaihing and recovering cofts. Sec. Proceedings to be within fix months. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the fertions. Diitrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General iffiue. Treble cofts. In cafe of verdibt given in favour of commiffioners, to be entitled to double cofts. Referving the rights of the lord of the manor of Manchefter. That the feite of the building called the Exchange fhall remain open, in fuch manner as the commiffioners fhall direbt. That ftalls fhall not be erebtecl, or goods depofited on the feite of the exchange. After the exchange is taken down, the feite thereof to be repaired by the furveyors of the highways. Public abt.

CAP. LXX.

An abt for the better relief and employment of the poor of and belonging to the parifh of Tewkefbury, in the county of Gloucefter.

Guardians incorporated by the name of a The Guardians of the Poor of the parifh of Tewkefbury in the county of GloucefterT Firft meeting,

July 2, 1792. Quarterly meetings to be on the firft Monday in January,

April, July and Obtober. Juftices may act as guardians or direbtors. Guardians and direbtors to defray their own expences. Direbtors and officers not to be concerned in any contrabt. For appointing a chairman or prefident. Appointing a treafurer, clerk, and other officers ; and alfo direbtors. Parifh to make out a lift of guardians to be propofed for direbtors to fill up vacancies in the direction. Churchwardens and overfeers required to call veftries. Direbtors, except Quakers, required to take an oath. Quakers to make an affirmation. Direbtors refuting to accept the office, to forfeit 20I. No perfon to be re-elebted to the office of direbtor within five years after his having ferved. Guardians and direbtors to appoint officers 5 Governor. Steward. Matron. Clergyman. Allowance to be made to officers. May take fecurities from officers. Weekly meetings of direbtors. Special affemblies may be held. Directors may contrabt for the purchafe of any lands or buildings. Purchafe money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid out in the purchafe of other eftates. Houfes and lands purchafed to be exempted from window duty, See. Tenant at will, or for a year, to deliver up premifes on fix months notice. On default fheriff tq deliver poffieffion. Direbtors to fur-nith the buildings $ and to have the management of the poor. Power to apprehend vagrants. Children provided for, and to be apprenticed. For apprenticing poor children to the governor. Poor children may be dif-charged or hired out. May borrow 6,oool. upon mortgage of buildings and rates'. Mortgages may be transferred. Money arifing by poor rates to be under the management of direbtors, and paid to their treafurer. Overfeers for not collebting rates, to forfeit riot lefs than 40s. nor more than 10I, Overfeers to pay money to the treafurer, within ten days after,

-	receiving.

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeoRGII III. c. 71. [1792.

receiving, any fum amounting to iol. What amount of rates are to be raifed every year. iool. of debt to be paid off every year. Mode ol' paying off mortgages. If churchwardens and overfeers do not make rates, diredtors may. Money left for the benefit of the poor to be applied according to the will of the donor. Parifh officers to affift in the execution of the adl. Diredtors may allow overfeers to retain money for occa-iional relief. Property of goods, &c. veiled in the directors. Directors not to do bufinefs but at meetings. Directors may grant certificates. Certificates now in parifh officers hands, to be given to the clerk to the corporation. Bonds given for the maintenance of baflard children to be delivered to the clerk. Directors may make bye laws. Induftrious poor may be rewarded. Proceedings of directors to be entered in books, Diiedtors to Hate an account annually. Notice to be given of making contracts. Afcertaining fettlements of b altard children born in the houfe. Perfons rated may be witnefles. Juftices authorifed by law to proceed on complaint of overfeers, to proceed on complaint of directors. Charitable beneiadtions to be difpofed of by directors. Directors may make drains and fewers from the workhoufe. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form. Expences of this adl to be firft paid. Limitation of adtions, General iffue. Treble colls. Publick a<Jt.

CAP. LXXI.

An adl for incloling, dividing, and allotting a certain common or walte ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the commons and walte grounds within the townlliip of Great Bolton, in the county palatine of Lancaf-ter; and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing, and re-gulating the llreets, lanes, pafiages, and places within the towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and for fupplying the faid towns with water, and for providing fire engines and firemen, and for removing and preventing nuilances, incroachments, and annoyances, and for licencing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs, within the faid towns.

Commiffioners, for the enclofure. Truflees for Great Bolton. Truftees for Little Bolton. Commiffioners, truftees and furveyors, to be fworn. For appointing new commiffioners. For chufing new truftees. Qualification of future truftees, to be refident, and for Great Bolton, to poftefs an tflate real or perfonal, of 1000L value, and for Little Bolton, an eflate of 500I. Survey and plan of commons to be made. Truftees to enquire into incroachments. All incroachments made within 20 years lalt, to be deemed part of the faid common. Roads to be forty feet broad. No gate to be eredted acrofs the roads. Surveyor to be appointed for forming the roads. Allotments for flone and gravel, for amending roads. Allotment to the lords of the manor of Bolton, one fifteenth,part of the common. Power for commiffioners to fell the refidue of common and walte at 10I. per acre, and an annual chief rent, per acre, for 5000 years. Two third parts of the expences of pafling the adl to be paid out of the fale of the common. Commiffioners to make an award. After execu-tion and inrollment of award, all right of common to ceafe. Allotments to be inclofed as prefcribed in the award. Proceedings to be entered in books- Commiffioners to account. Manerial rights laved. Power for the refpedtive lords to work mines, Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the feffions. Truftees for Great Bolton, to meet on the third Wednesday next, after the time appointed for leafing the common, and for Little Bolton, on the 27th of June 5792. No order valid, unlefs made at 3 publick meeting. Books to be kept. Truftees to appoint a treafurer, clerk, and colledtor. Adtions may be' brought in the name of the clerk. Officers dying or becoming bankrupt, truftees to be paid before other creditors, For appointing temporary officers. Power to put up lamp polls and irons. Power for truftees to contradl for paving, lighting,. &c. Power to bring adtions for breach of contradl. For cleanfing the llreets, &c. New llreets, after being paved, to be under the diredliop of,this adl. Wo baker, &p. to lay faggots nearer than 100 yards to any'houfe.

•.................'	Tq

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 71.	657

To remove fpouts. Penalty on fuffering ch-imnies to take fire, ios. Power to break up the pavement to get water in cafe of fire. Property of the pavements, lamps, &c. veiled in the truftees. Commiffioners may order the ftreets, &c. to be paved. Pavement not to be altered without content of truftees. Power to get and convey water into the towns of Great and Little Bolton. Water to be free for the ule of the inhabitants. To di vide tfie towns into diftriCts, for the purpofe of watching. To appoint watchmen. No watchman, &c. to gain a fettlement by his office. Power to make bye laws, for regulating hackney coaches and chairs. Penalty on the driver of any coach plying without licence, 40s. Coaches and chairs to be numbered. Owners name and place of abode to be left at the office.

Bye laws to be publifhed in the Manchefter newfpapers. Power to build a houfe and office for the peace officers. To fix palings where buildings are pulled down, See. Where any hole is made in the ftreets, lights to be fixed in the night. Grates to be fixed over holes into cellars, &c. Penalty on riding, &c. on the footways, and on committing various other offences, aos. Occupiers of houfes to fweep every day before their houfes. Not to daughter cattle in the ftreets. No carriage to be fuffered to ftand in the ftreet. Signs and other projections to be taken down. Power .to make fewers. Neceffary houfes to be emptied between ten at night and five in the morning. Names of the ftreets to be put up. A rate to be made in Little Bolton, for paying one third of the expence of this aCt.

Power to raife money for lighting, See. Little Bolton. Power to make affeffments. Power to diftrain on non-payment of rates. No houfe to be rated if under the value of 3I. ios. per annum. To appoint affeffors and collectors. Power for truftees to regulate affeffments. No affeffment valid, unlefs allowed by the truftees. Perfons removing, to pay a proportion of the tax. Power for truftees to give relief, where they think perfons are aggrieved. A rate may be laid on Great Bolton, if the rents of the allotments are infufficient. Truftees may borrow io,oool. for Great Bolton, and 5,000!. for Little Bolton3 and mortgage the rents, &c. as a fecurity. Money 'may be raifed by annuities, not exceeding 9I. per centum. Securities for monies lent, and annuities, may be transferred.

Mortgages or annuities, and transfers, to be entered in a book. Application of the money. If any overplus in Great Bolton, it is to go in aid of the poor rates. Treafurer to pay money as truftees fhall appoint. No. funnel for conveying of fmoke to be fixed on the outfide of the front of any houfe, &c. Chimnies of velvet dreffers, See. to be built of fuch a height, as truftees (hall direCt. Power to contract for houfes to widen and improve the ftreets. Notice to be given of intention to purchafe.

Truftees to make recompence for any injury to be done to any houfe, &c.

Power to convey fettled eftates. Owners refufing to treat, a jury to fix the value. Truftees to iffue their warrant to the fheriff, to fummon a jury. Jurymen may be challenged. Ten pounds penalty on fheriff making default. If the jury fhall give a verdict for more money than was offered, the expences to be paid by the truftees, otherwife by the owner.

Upon payment of the money awarded by the jury, owners to execute conveyances to truftees. On payment of the purchafe money truftees to enter. Where part of a: building only (hall be neceffary to be taken, the owner may compel the truftees to purchafe the whole. Purchafe money of fettled eftate to be laid out in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the fame ufes. Mifnomer not retard the execution of this aCt.

Power for the truftees to fell fuch land as fhall not be wanted by them for the purpofes of this aCt. Truftees may fue or be fued in the name of their clerk, penalty, 5I. on perfons fummoned as witneffes, refufing to attend or be examined. No perfon liable to pay any penalty, unlefs convicted before one juftice of the peace. Inhabitants to be competent witneffes.

Leaving a fummons or a copy at the dwelling houfe, to be good fer-yice. Power for the juftice to mitigate penalties. All cofts which are not particularly otherwife directed by this aCt, to be afeertained by a juft tice of the peace.’ No penalty recoverable, unlefs the offender is profe-cuted within three calendar months after the offence is committed. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the feffons. Perfon appealing, to have a of his conviction delivered to him. Want of form in making diftreis.

Hosted by Google

658 Anno regni tricefimo fecundoGEORGir III. c. 72 — 74. [1792.

not to make proceedings void, ab initio. Proceedings not to be void for want of form. No adtion to be commenced for any thing done under this a<5t, unlefs twenty-one days notice fhall previoufly be 'given to the clerk. Treble colts. If truftees bring an adtion and recover damages, defendant to pay double colts Publick adt.

CAP. LXXIX.

An adt for veiling in James Turner, his executors, adminiftratcrs, and affigns, the foie ufe and property of a certain yellow colour, of his invention, throughout that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited time.	'

CAP. LXXIIL

An adt for more effedtually fecuring to Jofeph Booth, and to the publick, the benefit of a certain invention or dilcovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain.

CAP. LXXIV.

An adt for the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramfgate, in the county of Kent; and for cleanfing, amending, and prelerving the haven of Sandwich, in the fame county.

Adts 22 Geo. 2. c. 40. 5 Geo. 3. c. 82. repealed. Commifiioners names. Power to appoint new trullees. Provifo, that the truftees lhall not be obliged to eledt, till the number is reduced to 200. Meetings of commifiioners at Guildhall, in the city of London, the firft Wednefday in every month. Firft meeting to be on June 27, 1792- _ A chairman and deputy chairman to be appointed. A committee of treafury. Duties. Three pence per ton for Blips of 20 tons or upwards, and not exceeding 300 tons, and id. per ton for {hips exceeding 300 tons, and for every chaldron of coals, ort on of grindftones, Purbeck, ^Portland or other Hones* three halfpence. Duties to be publifired in the London Gazette- Tonnage to be afeertained, as diredted by 26 Geo. 3. Power to vary rates. Rates to be paid by foreign Ihips. Perfons obftrudting the meafure of fhips, to forfeit iol. Colledtors to enter into and admeafure Blips. No velfel to be cleared till a certificate be produced of payment of duties. Merchants to make an allowance of the duty to the mafters. Colledtor to keep the accounts of the monies received. Copies of accounts to be tranfmitted to the receiver general of the cuftoms, and alfo of the receipts and difliurfe.Tnents. Twenty pounds penalty on officers neglediing their duty. Coafting vefiels, colliers in ballaft, or fifiiermen, to pay once 3 year only. Power of diftrefs on non-payment of duties. Perfons eluding payment to continue chargeable. Truftees to remove obftrudtions. To purchafe lands, &c. Incapacited perfons enabled to fell. Incapacited perfons indemnified. In cafe of refufal to treat, to impannel jury. Challenging jurors. Oaths to jury and witnefles. Verdidt to be final, but notice to be given. Money allowed for lands, &c. taken, how to be charged and tendered. In cafe of not making out titles, or refufal to execute, or if perfons cannot be found, money to be invefted in purchafe of ftock, &c. Eftates purchafed, to veil abfolutely in the deputy mafter of the Trinity Houfe. Perfons in titled to mefne profits, to have the dividends. When purchafes are made from bodies corporate, or of fettled eftates, the money to be laid out in the purchafe of other eftates; but hot when there are tenants in tail in poffeffion. Conveyances under this adt to be by feoffment, leafe and releafe, or bargain and fale. Charges of juries, &c. how to be paid. Fines on jurymen, &c. Penalty on giving falfe evidence, the fame as for perjury. By direction of truftees, the deputy mafter of the Trinity Houle to fell or let freehold and leasehold eftates. Money to be paid into the bank. Power to inclidt perfons fpoiling works, &c. Provifoes to be inlerted in the leafes of wharfs, &c. not to take more for the ufe thereof than the truftees lhall allow of. Rates •	^	  (hall

1792-] Aunoregni tricefimo fecundoGEORGii III. c. 75.

fhall be publifhed annually in all. the European languages. Truftees to agree with workmen, &c. tor building and compleating the harbour. All aits, &C; to be determined by a majority. Chairman to have the calling Vote. To appoint colledors ahd other officers, and to difplace them. Truftees to take fecurity from colledors, See. Former officers to continue till new ones are appointed. Power to make bye laws. Copies of the bye laws to be fixed in fome confpicuous place near the harbour. Monies to be depolited in the bank, or at a banker’s, until inverted. Colts of palling the ad, to be defrayed fir ft out of money in the truftees hands, and all money received under this or former ads to be expended in improving, enlarging, &c. the harbour. Power to fell the 4 per cents, and to invert the monies in the 3 per cents. Power to invert: the monies raifed in purfuance hereof in the 3 per cents. Dividends to be applied in the* lame manner as directed, with refped to rates. Power to fell any part of the funded property for the purpofes of the ad. Confirmation of annuities granted under the former ads. Truftees under former ad's indemnified for granting annuities. Books to be kept refpeding the annuities. No more money to be borrowed, except as by this ad direded. Real and leafehold eltates veiled in the deputy mailer of the Trinity Houfe. Addons to be brought in his name. Auditors to be appointed to fettle annual accounts. Accounts when fettled to be fubmitted to the houfe of commons at the opening of the next felfion of parliament. No perfon lhall empty any ballaft. Scc. in faid harbour. Truftees impowered to remove ihips out of the bafon. One hundred pounds penalty on perfons obilrud-ing the removal of Ihips. Proceedings, &c. to be entered in a book. Books may be perufed gratis. No truftee to hold an office of profit. Ships belonging to Sandwich, exempted from the duties. Two hundred pounds per annum to be paid quarterly out of the rates to the mayor, Scc. of Sandwich, fur cleanfing, Scc. the haven of Sandwich. Receipts for the annual payment to be given. Books of receipts and difburfements refpeding Sandwich to be kept. Duplicates thereof to be produced to the juf-tices at the quarter feffions for their allowances, See. Juftices to make allowance of the expence of executing the faid trufts, Scc. Ten pounds penalty on throwing ballaft into the river, or fixing piles within the channel without licence. No more than two Ihips to lay abreaft longer than one tide. The truftees empowered to apply 10.000I. for ereding fuch works as they fhall judge necefiary at the haven of Sandwich. For recovery of penalties and forfeitures. For want of diftrefs the perfon to be committed. All judgements to be final without any appeal, Diftrefs to be kept five days, and may be redeemed within that time. VeiTels belonging to Dover exempted from duties. Veftels belonging to Weymouth, and Melcomb Regis, and Lyme Regis, exempted. Veffels belonging to Great Yarmouth exempted. Recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. Parties may appeal to quarter ieifions. Diftrefs- not to be void for irregularity, but in fuch adion tender of amends may be made, or money paid into court. Proceedings not to be quaihed for want of form. Saving the jurifdidion of the cinque ports. Limitation of actions. General iflue. Treble cofts. Publick ad.

C A P. LX XV.

An ad for fvirther enlarging and improving the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland.

Former ads continued. Harbour to be enlarged, and limits to be from Rednefs Point, on the outfide of a wall intended to be erected, until it reached within one hundred and twenty yards of the prefent outward works of the pier or quay of the prefent harbour ; and from thence in a line, until it comes within forty yards of the prefent outward quay or pier; and from thence to the north fide of the Sugar Houfe Bulwark, and along the fea 111 ore, until it meets the afore hid Rednefs Point. Powers. Eredion of buildings. Rights or limits of the ground to be determined by arbitration. Impowering the truftees of the old harbour to appoint a clerk- Clerk to be appointed for the new limits. Adions to be brought ju the name of the clerk. Publick ad.

Vol. XXXVII.	Xx	CAP.

66o Anno regnitricefimo feeundo Georgii III. c. 76, 77. [1792.

CAP. LXXVI.

An adt for building a new church or chapel within the town and parifh of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

The new church or chapel to be compleated. Firft minifter Richard Formby, and right of presentation vefted in him, his executors, adminif* trators, and affigns, for 60 years ; afterwards in the corporation of Liverpool. Church fubjedt to the jurifdidion of the bifhop of Chefter. No new parifh to be created ; and pari fhi oners of Liverpool not to be liable to the repair of the new church. Minifler's duty. For appointment of minifters in cafes of lapfe. A pew to hold ten persons, to be fet apart for the minifter, and fittings for ico poor perfons. Pews and vaults to be numbered. Pews vefted in the proprietors. Rents of pews to be fixed) by the proprietors. Additional pew rent of is. each to be applied to repairs of the church for the term of 60 years. Rents payable June 24, and December 24. Appointment of churchwardens. Churchwardens7 duty, Kow furplus rents to be applied. Minifter’s falary ; when payable. Remedy for recovery of the minifter’s falary. Not more than half a year's arrear to be recovered from fucceeding churchwardens. Minifter to appoint clerk and fexton. Vaults under the church vefted in the proprietors. No corpfe to be buried within the church, &c. The minifter for the time being, may difpofe of burial places in the church yard. Every purchafer of a pew in the church to be entitled to a burial place in the church yard. Conveyances of pews, &c. may be by entry in veftry book. Rights of the redtors of Liverpool referved. Double fees to be taken in the new church for the performance of the offices of minifter, clerk, and fexton, one moiety of which fhali be paid to the redtor, clerk and fexton of Liverpool. Marriages to be celebrated in the church. Limitation of adtions. General ifiiie. Double colts. General faving. Publick a<5t.

CAP. LXXVII.

An adt for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the hundreds of Cirencefter, Crowthorne and Minty, Brightwells Barrow* Rapfgate, Bradley, Bifley and Longtr^e, commonly called The Seven Hundreds-of Cirencefter, in the county of GloUcefter.

Commiffioners names. Firft lift. Second lift. Commiffioners conftituted a court of juftice, by the name of “ The Court of Requefts for the Manor and Seven Hundreds of Cirencefter, in the county of Gloucefter.” To hold a court every Thurfday. For want of three commiffioners to adt, court to be adjourned to another day. For appointing new commiffioners on vacancies. Their power. Cafting vote. Commiffioners, or vidhiallers, Sec. not to hold place of profit. Jofeph Pitt, gent, to be firft clerk, and Richard Pearce, ferjeant. The clerk may appoint a deputy. Earl Bathurft lord of the manor ar^d leven hundreds, to have the future appointment of clerk or ferjeant. Clerk to fix up lift of commiffioners in court houfes ; and to ifiue fummonfes, See. Serjeant to ferve precepts. Perfons may fue for debts under 40s. Commiffioners may regulate proceedings ; and admlnifter oaths. On non-appearance to proceed ex parte. On non-appearance or nonfuit of plaintiff, may award cofts. Commiffioners may award execution; and commit the party. Court may order debts to be paid by inftallments. On execution, clerk to infert debt and cofts. Commiffioners may fulpend or fuperfede proceedings where the defendant, by ficknefs or poverty, may be incapable of attending the court, or of paying the debt. Serjeant fuffering an efcape, or goods to be removed, to pay debt and cofts. Clerk and ferjeant may be difplaced for mifbehaviour. No commiffioners, clerk, or ferjeant, to adt where interefted. Gaol keeper to take into cuftody perfons committed. No debts recoverable in this court to be fued for el fewhere. Judgement of court to be final. Adt not to extend to debts for rent, Sec. or. any thing belonging to the ecelefi-aitical court. Penalty for difobeying fummons, not lefs.than 5s/nor more

than

Hosted by Google

tjg2.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 78, 79.	1

than 50s. Privilege of attorney, &c. vacated. Creditors to allow 3d. a day. to debtors while in prifon. Limitation of aftions. General iffue.

Treble cofts. Plaintiff not to produce evidence of the caufe of action, other than what fhall be fpecified in the notice. Publick a (ft.

CAP. LXXVIIL

An aft for paving, cleanfing, lighting, and otherwife improving, tha ftreets, lanes, and other publick paffages and places, within the bo-. rough of Derby ; and for felling a certain piece of wafte ground, fituate within the faid borough, called Nun s Green; towards defraying the expence of the faid improvements.

Inhabitants rated 20I. a year to the houfe duty to be commiffioners,

Firft meeting of the commiffioners to be July 2, 1792. Annual meeting for fettling accounts to be in April. Proceedings of commiffioners to be entered in a book. Appointment of officers. Treafurer, Sec. to account*

Pavements, Sec. veiled in the commiflioners. Streets, See. to be p aved.

Power to get materials. Corporatioh and pariihes to repair as ufual.

Difference as to the extent of pavement to be made by corporation^ Sec. to be fettled by commiffioners, or a juftice. Perfons heretofore liable to repairs of bridges to continue fo. Commiflioners to provide lamps, &c.

Forty {hillings penalty for wilfully breaking, Sec. the lamps or furniture.

Occupiers of houfes to take down figns, penthoufes, See. On negleft, commillioners may take down figns, Scc. Owners of houfes, Sec. to take down fpouts and gutters. Commiflioners may make contracts. Rate is. 3d. in the pound for the firft three years, and 9d. in the pound after-wards. Commillioners, See. may infpeft rates made under the houfe tax. pmpty houfes during three firft years chargeable with full rates, afterwards with half rates. Proportion of rates to be paid by perfons removing. Recovery of rates. Rates may be reduced. Commiflioners impower-ed to fet out roads, Sec. upon Nun's Green. Power to appoint an engineer to afeertain the manner any brook or watercourfe lliall be altered.

The direction of fuch engineer to be final. Part of Nun’s Green to be divided into lots, and fold by auction. Particular parts of the green to be offered to idle to proprietors of former allotments. Roads to be fet out for the ufe of proprietors of former allotments. On refufal to pur-chafe, adjoining land to be fold by auftion. Commiffioners may exchange any part of the green for adjoining land. Money now applicable to lighting the borough to be paid to the commiffioners. Application of money to be raifed by virtue of the aft. Trulle.es of the London and BraOington road enabled to pay the commiffioners ioool. for repairing a certain part of that road in the borough of Derby. Foot paths to be fwtpt daily,

Sundays excepted. Particular foot pavements to be fwept by commif-fionevs. No perfon to carry away foil except contractors. Five {hidings penalty on caufing annoyances in the ftreets, &c. Five {hillings penalty on carriages, S:c. left in ftreets. Not to extend to rubbifii occahoned by building. Twenty {hillings penalty on ftalls left in the marker place, and cellar windows left open after dark, and without a light. Privies to be emptied between eleven at night and five in the morning. Offcniive privies to be covered, Sec. Recompence to be made for damage done to water pipes. Power to purchafe houfes. Sec. for widening the ftreets.

Tenants to deliver pofieffion. Difpofal of purchafe money belonging to corporations, Sec. Aftions may be brought in the name of the treafurer or clerk. Recovery of penalties. Inhabitants may be witneffes Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the general or quarter feffions. Diftivfs not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiffs not to recover after tender of amends.

Proreedings not to be quaffed for want of form, nor removable by certiorari. Limitation of aftions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.

C A P'. LXXIX.

An aft for amending an aft of the fifteenth year of bis pre lent Majefty, relating to the haven and harbour oi: Bofton, in the county of Lincoln ; and far regulating the mooting and removing of fhips and other vdfcls

"X x %	within

66 2

Annoregni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 80. [1792.

within the faid haven and harbour, and for removing obftra&ions therein.

16 Geo. 3. c. 23. recited. Commiffioners to appoint a harbour matter. Commiffioners impowered to remove or leffen fhoals within the harbour. Commiffioners impowered to remove or cut through marffies and land banks. Money belonging to corporations, Sec. to be applied to the fame ufes as the lands, Sec. Commiffioners impowered to take away or cut jetties and piles. Commiffioners impowered to limit the time for lading and unlading at publick quays. Property of mooring pofts, Sec, veiled in the commiffioners. Forty fhillings penalty of calling ballad, Sec. into the haven. Power to appoint additional pilots. Rates of pilotage mcreafed in certain cafes. Power to call meetings in cafes of non-adjournment or upon emergencies. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Recovery of penalties, and appeal to the quarter feffions. Saving rights of the commiffioners for the river Witham drainage; and of the commiffioners for the Bolton and Bourn drainage ; and of the corporation of Bolton. Exigences of the atft to be paid out of the money in the hands of the commiffioners. Publick act.

CAP. LXXX.

An a<ft for better paving, cleanling, and otherwife improving the borough of Bofton, in the county of Lincoln.

Commiffioners appointed. Commiffioners to be fworn. Firft meeting of the commiffioners on July 2, 1792. No adl valid, unlefs made at a meeting. Powers of the act to be exercifed by the majority at meetings con-lifting of five at lead. No order to be revoked, unlefs eleven commiffiori-ers fhall be prefent. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered in a book. Commiffioners to appoint officers. Commiffioners to take fecurity from their officers. Pavements, Sec. vtfted in the commiffioners. Commiffioners impowered to.caufe the ftreets to be paved No perfon to alter the pavement without the confent of the commiffioners. Commiffioners may contrail for performing the works. The turnpike trnftees not to be exempt from paving fuch carriage roads as they are now liable to pave. Inhabitants to cleanfe the ftreets before their houles. Pavements to be repaired on complaint. Scavengers duty. Signs, Sec. to be regulated, and incroachments removed. To prevent future projections. To prevent annoyances. New buildings adjoining to other buildings to have party walls of a certain thicknefs, and no buildings to be covered with thatch. Obftfiudtions not to be left in the ftreets. Inhabitants not to be fubjedl to a penalty on account of rubbifh occafiotied by building. Stone hones not to be ffiewn in the ftreets. Names of ftreets to be put up. Regulations refpe&ing necefiary houfes. Commiffioners impowered to purchafe and take do.m houles, Sec. for widening the narrow parts of the ftreets. Perfons in poffieffion to deliver up the premifes. No road or alteration to be made through or in the church yard. Monies of corporations, Sec. to be rein veiled in the purchafe of other eftates. Power to make compenfation to perfons removing buildings for widening the ftreets, and to allow buildings to be eredted on vacant ground, See. Rates to be made. Rates may be amended. Rates to be borne by the proprietors. Dilputes as to .what premifes are fubjedt to the different rates tc be fettled by the commiffioners Agreement between landlord and tenant not to be made void. Leflees in certain cafes deemed the owners. No rates to he laid on the toils belonging to the corporation ; who, in confideration thereof, are to pay one filth part of the expences of palling and executing the ndt. Application of rates. Commiffioners may borrow money, and a/ilgn the rates as a fecurity. Commiffioners may grant annuities. Securities may be transferred. Surveyors of the highways to lay out the money railed in Bofton Weft Fen, in repairs of the roads therein. Ac -ti ms may be brought in the name of the treafurer or clerk. Recovery of penalties. Inhabitants-.-may be witneffes. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Proceedings not to be quaffied for want of form, nor removed by certiorari, juftices may mitigate penalties. Li-

initatioa

' Hosted by Google

I7920 Anno regni tricefimo fe’cundo Georgji III. -c. 81.	663

mitation of aftions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Saving the rights of the corporation. Pu-blick aft.

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from or from near Wyrley Bank, in the county of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazeley canal, at or near the town of Wolverhampton, in the faid county; and alfo certain collateral cuts therein deferibed from the faid intended canal..

Proprietors names. Proprietors to be one body politick and corporate by the name of “ The company of proprietors of the Wyrley and Effington canal navigation,” to make a navigable canal from Wyrley, to communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley-canal at Wolverhampton, through the Old Field over Effington Wood and the Snead Commons, acrois the road from Wrednesfkld to Bloxwick, and from 'thence to Birchill, in the parifh of Walfall in SLffordffiire ; and from Snead Common, through Lane Head to Perry Hall, in the liberty of Wed* nesheld, and from thence through Lapley Hays, by the Moat I-Ioufc. to Wednesficid, and from Wednesheld Heath, to communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley can?d near Wolverhampton, and feveral collateral cuts. Power to take water from mines. To oblige the proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the can.il and collateral cuts. No houfes, gardens, &c. to be ufed or damaged, except in certain cafes. Width of the canal and towing paths to be twenty-fix yards.

Iron, ftone, coal. See. found in making the canal, to belong to the owners of the land. No veffels to pafs to or from the intended canal into or upon the Birmingham canal, except it is fix inches higher than the Birmingham canal, at the junftion of the faid canals. A houfe to be provided for the perfon ftationed at the junftion of the canals. All furplus water to pafs into the Birmingham canal. Birmingham canal company to take the water ufed in lockage, upon a certain part of the intended canal. Reftric-tions on navigating to or from the intended canal. Company reftrained from taking water from certain ftreams. Corporations, &c. im powered to fell lands, &c. for the purpofes of the aft Commiffioners. If parties diffiatished with determination of commiffioners, a jury to be ftimmoned.

Verdift of the jury, & c. to be final. Expences of jury. Perfons requeft-ing a jury, to enter into bond to profecute. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint. Giving falfe evidence, liable to perjury. Vcrdifts to be recorded. On payment or tender of monies, lands may be entered.

Purchafe monies to be laid out to the fame ufes. Commiffioners to fettle proportions to be paid to feveral perfons intcrefted. Annual rents charged upon the rates. For preferving copyhold rights. Penalty on deftroying the works. Proprietors may raife 25,000b to carry on the work. Expences of the aft, eftimates, &c. to be firft paid. The money to be raifed to be divided into 200 ffiares. Shares to be deemed perfon at eftate. No one perfon to have more than 10 ffiares. If 25,000b not fufficient, power to-raife 20,000b more, by calls upon themfelves. Power to raife the 2o,oool. by mortgage. Intereft upon mortgages to be paid prior to dividends. Subfcribers to have a vote for every {hare. Two general affem-blies for chooling committees to be held every year. Committee fubjeft to controul of general affiembly. Books of account, to be kept. General affiemblies to confilt of thirty ffiares. Power of general affiemblies. Shares not to be forfeited without perfonal notice. General affiemblies may remove perfons chofen on committee, or officers, and make bye-laws. On the death of proprietors before ihares compleated, executors may do it.

Shares may be difpofed of. Alter a call no ffinre to be fold till the money paid. Company may appoint officers. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered. Rates for corn, hops, timber, goods and mere hand ife,

2d. per ton per mile. For coals, coak, iron, ironftone, lime, limeftone, rockftone and other minerals, qd. per ton. Boats having lets than 20 tons, of lading, to be charged as having 20 tons, ex.ept in certain cafes.

Fifty feet of round or forty feet of i'quare oak, alb, elm, or beech timber, fcftd fifty feet of hr, poplar or birch, and fixty i qua re feet of light goods

a x 3	dh a i	l

Hosted by CjjOO^IC

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeorGii III. c. 82. [1792.

fhall be deemed a ton. Recovery of rates. Payment of wharfage for certain articles. Proprietors may alter rates. Mailer of boats to give account of particulars of lading. In cafe of difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh veffels. Weight of the lading of veffels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Matters accountable for damage done by the crews. Navigation to be free, upon payment of rates. For fencing off towing paths and making bridges, &c. If bridges, &c. made by the company are insufficient, land owners may make others. Coals, &c. found in digging the canal to be laid on the lands, and may be taken by the owners. Method of working mines under the canal. Method of difcovering when mines are working contrary to the directions of the adl. Owners of mines under the canal defirous of working the fame, to apply to the company. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal and collateral cuts. No fuch cut to be made " without the content of all perfons interefted. Lords of manors and land owners may eredt warehoufes, Scc. on their lands. Regulations as to private wharfs. Committee to regulate the navigation. Regulations for veffels paffing the locks. Five pounds penalty on perfons over-loading and obftrudting the navigation. Five pounds penalty on opening locks, &c. Canal not to be under the power of commiffioners of fewers. Company not to be obliged to make the canal nearer Wyrley than Ellington Wood, nor to make the collateral cuts, but upon certain conditions. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, &c. in the fame proportion as adjoining lands. Certain rates to be payable to the Birmingham canal company, for veffels palling from the intended canal. Commiffioners may adt as juftices. No commiffioner to adt where interefted or holding places of profit. Sixteen days notice of meeting of commiffioners to be given. General meeting of , commiffioners. Special meeting of the commiffioners. Meetings for determining difputes- To compel payment of fubfeription. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of adlion9. General iffue. Treble cofts, Publick act.

CAP. LXXXII.

An adt for building a new gaol, a penitentiary houfe, and houfe of correction, within the city of Briftol, and for regulating, maintaining, and fupporting the fame ; and for xfifpofing of the prelent common gaol of the laid city of Briftol, and county of the fame city, and for other purpofes.

The mayor, aldermen, and common council of Briftol impowered to build a new common gaol, penitentiary houfe. See. and for thofe purpofes the corporation of briftol may purehafe houfes, &c. And to treat for the •premifes., Incapacitated perfons impowered to fell and convey. Appointing a jury to fettle differences .between the parties. How the expences of juries fhall be paid. If the mayor, aldermen, and common council do not purehafe, &c. within feven years, parties not obliged to fell. On payment of purehafe money, premifes to be conveyed; if npt able to evidence title, See. Purehafe money to be paid into the chamber of Briftol; and houfes, &c. to veil: in the Corporation of Briftol, &c. On application of perfons interefted, purehafe money to be placed out at intereft. Mefne profits recoverable by perfons entitled thereto, againfl: perfons in pofiefiiom Order to be made On the chamberlain of Briftol for inverting monies at intereft. Mortgagees, on payment or tender of mortgage money ana intereft, to convey.. Tenants to quit on notice; on refufal, therms to deliver poffdbon. Twenty pounds penalty on flierifts, See. not doing their duty. Monies belonging to corporations to be vein vetted. For felling overplus ground, for the purpofes of this adt. Mifnomers or wrong deferiptions not to prevent the execution of this act. New gaol, &c. to be built. Materials veiled in the mayor, aldermen, and common council of Briftol. Puniftiing perfons obftrudting or damaging buildings, &c. Prifaners to.be removed to the new gaol. Old gaol to be pulled down, and fold, for the purpofes of this adt. A committee to be appointed. Firft meeting of the committee to be on the firft Wednef-

da j

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 82.

day after they are appointed. Five may call an extraordinary meeting of committee. Chairman to have a 'calling vote. Common council and committee men, being juftices, mayaft. Committee may appoint a fub-committee. Treafurer, clerk, and other officers to be appointed. No member of the common council to be of the committee, Sec. while in office under this aft. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Mayor, aldermen, common council, Sec. to fne and be fued in the name of their clerk. Clerk to be reimburfed his expences. Corporation of Briftol to contribute annually the fum of 150I. Further fums to be raifed by a pound rate, to be affeffed and collected in like manner as the poor rate. Churchwardens, &c. to affefs and colleft, &c. To be paid by the tenants, and a moiety thereof to be allowed them by their landlords. Manner of recovery when houfes are let in tenements. Not to make void any agreement between landlord and tenant. Perfons omitting to pay the rates, goods may be followed. Perfons removing out of parifhes, Xo pay in proportion. Succeeding churchwardens, &c. may colleft arrears. Lofs by infolvency, &c. to be made good by additional rates. Rates may be mortgaged for money borrowed, and money m*y be raifed by annuities. For the regular difeharge of intereft and annuities. Mode for difoharging mortgages. Application of the monies granted by this aft. For fecuring a free circulation of air about the gaol, Sec. a fp.ice of twenty feet wide to be left on the outfide of the boundary wall. Roads and ways leading to the gaol, See. to be publick ways. 'Gaolers, governors, and other officers to be appointed for the new gaol, penitentiary houfe, and hotife of correftion, who are to give fecurity, and be fubjeft to afts, 7 Jac. 1. c. 4, and 17 Geo. 1. c. 5. Juftices in feflion to make rules for new gaol, penitentiary houfe, Sec. Powers and duty of governors. Perfons efcaping from confinement, or afiifting them to efcape, See. to be punifhed according to law. Vifitors to be appointed, &c. Any common council man may examine houfes of confinement, &c. Abufcs to be reftified by the juftices in feflion. Penitentiary houfe to be under the management of the juftices. Tranlportable perfons may be conveyed to the penitentiary houfe. Juftices power over the new houfe of correftion. Bridewell not to be pulled down. Gaolers, Sec. to make returns on the firft day of every feflion of general gaol delivery for Briftol. Vifitors to examine returns. See. Perfons under fentence of tranfportation to be kept feparate from other prifoners. The mayor, Sec. may purchafe materials for fetting the poor to work. Furniture, &c. in the new gaol, vefted in the corporation. Perfons buying or fecreting any of the furniture belonging to the new gaol. Sec. to forfeit not lefs than forty fhillirigs, nor more than twenty pounds. Juftices in feflions may order afliftance, out of the monies to be raifed by this aft, to prifoners who cannot work, Sec. Vifitors to report any extraordinary diligence or merit in offenders to the juftices of oyer ana terminer, Sec. Juftices in feflions to fettle a table of fees for gaolers. Sec. and may grant falaries where emoluments are dimimfhed; mayor, .See. may ftipulate with gaolers for payment of falaries. Mayor, aldermen, and common council, Sec. may appoint a chaplain. Mayor, &c. may appoint a phyftcian, &c. to attend the new gaol, Sec. Offender, at the end of confinement, fhall receive a fum of money, Sec. not more than five pounds. In profecutions for felony, court may make orders for payment of the profecutor’s expences. The charges of the attendance of witneffes to be allowed by the court to poor perfons bound to give evidence againit felons. Salaries, allowances, and other charges and expences, to be paid by the publick, Sec. The corporation of Briftol, Sec. discharged from all payments, charges, Sec. refpefting new gaol, Sec. Monies to be raifed to be a county ftock for Briftol. Treafurer to keep books of money received and paid by him, and to account-upon oath. No gaoler, Sec. to futfier tippling or gaming, or to fell liquors in any fuch prifon. Two juftices of the peace to hear and determine offences againft this aft. For compelling the attendance of witneffes. Inhabitants declared competent witneffes in all aftions. Direfting the manner of ferving notices, Sec. Penalties may be mitigated. For afeertaining and recovering cofts, ftc. Allowing an’ appeal. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quallied for want of form. Limitation of aftions. General

• X X 4	iffue.

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

666

Anno regrn tricefimo fee undo GeorGH III. c. [1792.

iflue. Treble cofts. In cafes of yerdiCts given in favour of mayor, &c. perfons convicted to pay double coft$. Application of the penalties, Publick ad.

C A P. LXXXIII.

Aq ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the foot of Coombe Hill, in the parifh of Leigh, in the county of Gloucefter, to join the river Severn, at or near a place called Fifher’s, othenvife Fletcher’s Leap, in the parifh of Deerhurft in the faid county.

Thomas Burges, William Miller, and Sarah Mumford, incorporated by the name of “ The Coombe Hill Canal Navigation,” impowered to make a canal from Coombe Hill in the parifh of Leigh, and through the parifhes of Leigh and Deerhurft, to join the river Severn at the north fide of a place called Fifher’s, otherwife Fletcher’s Leap, and may ufe any Springs, &c, within three thouland yards of the faid canal, and may take water from the river Chelt. Nq£ to take water from the Chelt to the injury of any mill. Width of the canal and towing paths to be twenty-fix yards. Corporations, &c. impowered to fell lands for the purpofes of the ad. Per-ions feized of freehold or copyhold eftates of one hundred pounds a year in the county of Gloucelter, to be commiffioners., In what cafes juries to be impanelled. Expences of juries how to be paid. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint to coramifiioners. Manner of making fatisfudion for damages done in getting materials. Upon payment or tender of monies, proprietors to enter to make canal. Verdids to be recorded, and land to become veiled in the company. Application of the purchafe money for lands belonging to corporations. Compenfation for common rights to be paid to the furveyors of the highways. Commiffioners to fettle proportion of money to be paid to perfons interefted. For-recovery of purchafe money for, lands. Proprietors may raife 5000I. to carry on the work. Money to be divided into fifty lliares, at one hundred pounds per (hare, and to be deemed perfonal eftate. If that fum is not fufficient, two thouland pounds more may be raifed by calls upon them-felves, or by mortgage of the rates. Proprietors to have votes for every fliare, and may vote by proxy. Firft meeting of the proprietors to be on tfie firft of June, 1792. Accounts to be kept by the company of proprietors. Accounts to be fettled at meetings. Proprietors not anfwering calls, fub/'ed to a penalty of five pounds, or forfeiture of their lhare. Shares not forfeited without perfonal notice. Company may remove officers and make bye laws. On the death of proprietors before ffiares compleated, executors may do it. Shares may be difpofed of. After a call no fhare* lo he fold till the money paid. Company to appoint officers. ±_oceed-ings of the commiffioners to be entered in a book. Rates may be collected not exceeding two (hillings and fixpence per ton. Recovery of rates. Proprietors may alter the rates. Mafter of boats to give account of particulars of lading. Fifty feet of round, or forty feet of fquare, oak, afh, elm or beech timber, and fifty feet of fir, deal, poplar or birch, and fixty fquare feet of light goods, (hall be deemed a ton. In cafe of difference concerning'weight, collectors may weigh veffels. Weight of the lading of velfels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Power to the proprietors to regulate and fix the price of fmall parcels, not exceeding five hundred pounds weight. Boat mafter accountable for damage done by the crew. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. No boat under 15 tons to pafs through any lock without the content of the company. Velfels with lefs weight of lading than 15 tons may pafs locks-, if not water fufficient for 15 tons. For fencing off towing paths, making bridges, and providing watering places for cattle, &c, In cafe the company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, Sec. land owners may do it at the com-piny’s expence. If bridges, &c. made by the company are infufficient, land owners may make others. The company may cleanfe the adjoining water-courfes at the land owners expence. Lords of manors and land owners may erect ^'arthoufes, <ric. on their lands. Proper places to be made lor boats to turn or he in, for other boats to pais by. The com-

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii ITI. c. 84.

pany to regulate the navigation. Veffels lying To as to obftrud the navigation, to be removed. Perfons overloading and obftruding the paffage of the canal, to forfeit five pounds. Perfons opening locks and de-ftroying works, to forfeit not lefs than forty findings, nor more than five pounds. For throwing ballaft into canal, or obftruding navigation, to forfeit not lets than forty /hillings, nor more than five pounds. Regulations for veffels palling the locks. Canal not to be under the power of com-mifiioners cf fewers. Lands and tolls exempted from payment of taxes. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to the fifliery preferred. Where carriage roads are injured, Sec. others to be made. Commiftion-ers to give fourteen days notice of their meetings. Commifiionere to be fvvorn. Commiflioners may ad as juftices. No commi/fioner to ad as , fuch while he poffeffes any place of profit, or while he is a proprietor. General meetings of commiflioners. Meetings upon requeft may be fum-nnoned afany time. No meeting to determine difputes, Sec. but within fix miles of the carial. Security to be taken from the treafurer, See. To compel payment of fubfcriptions. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Proceedings not to be quafhed for.want of form. Perfons aggrieved by any irregularity in diftrefs, to recover only the fpecial damage. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter ftflions. Limitation of adions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick ad.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An ad for making a navigable canal from Manchefter, to or near Afhton-under-lyne, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

Certain perfons incorporated by the name of u The company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Manchefter, to or near Aihton-under-lyne and Oldham.” Two plans and books of reference ftiall be figned by > the fpeaker of the houfe of commons. Power to deviate ioo yards from ' the line laid down in the plan. Errors in aeferibing the line, not to prevent making the canal. For ereding and keeping in repair a dam and other works acrofs the river Tame. For ereding and keeping in repair a dam and other works acrofs the river Medlock. Direding what fhall be done in cafe the company do not make and fupport the dam, Sec. as herein' direded. Power for other perfons to communicate with, or crofs the canal. Houfes, gardens, See. not to be injured. Breadth of canal and towing paths, thirty yards. No building to be ereded on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Power to take water from mines. To oblige proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the canal and branches. Direding what fhall be done with the wafte water. Bodies politick, &c. impowered to fell. Commiflioners for fettling differences. Eledion of new commiflioners. Impowering the quarter feflions to nominate commiflioners, in cafe the furvivors negled, or a fufficient number cannot be found in the neighbourhood. Commiflioners may ad as juftices. Qualifications of commiflioners to refide in the counties of Lancafter or" Chefter, and poffeffed of a real eftate of 200I. a year, or perfonal eftate of 5000I. or the eldeft fon of a peer, or knight of a fhire. Fourteen days notice to be given of meeting of commiflioners. On application of the proprietors or land owners, commiflioners to meet. Power to hold occa-iional meetings. ^Meetings of commiflioners to be held within one mile of the canal. Commiflioners to fettle differences. Jury to be fummoned in certain cafes. Particular remedies given to the mill owners on the rivers Tame, Meyfey, and Medlock, for damages. Perfons requefting a jury, to enter into bond to profecute. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors, before complaint to the commiflioners. Yerfons guilty of perjury may be profecuted. Verdid to be recorded, and lands vefted in the proprietors. Application of the purchafe money belonging to corporations, Sec. For paymg off mortgages on lands ufed for the navigation. Commiflioners to fettle the proportion of money to be allowed to tenants. For recovery of rents, mines, Sec. referved to lords of manors and others. Mines, Sec. not to be worked to prejudice the navigation. Company’s agents to enter mines to view the works. Company to make drains, Scc.

Work*

Hosted by Google

Anno regnitricefimo feoundo Georgii III. c. 84. [1792.

Works damaged by the floods, to be repaired by the company. Proprietors to raife amongft themfclves 6o,oool. The money to be divided into fhares of iool. each, and be perfonal eftate. Subfcribers to have a vote for every (hare ; and not exceeding five votes for each fubfcriber, nor five for proxies. Proprietors may raife 30,000!. more if necettary. Power to raife money by mortgage. Mortgages may be transferred. Intereft of money borrowed, to be paid in preference to the dividends, Or may be filed for at law. Mortgagees not to vote on account of having lent money. Firft general affembly to be held on July 27, 1792, and to meet annually on the laft Friday in July. Committee to be appointed. Power to hold fpccial affemblies. Each member of the committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. Committee to be under controul of general aflem-blies. Books of accounts to be kept. General and fpecial afiemblies to confift of 40 fhares. , Powers of general affemblies and committees. Subfcribers to have notice before their fhares are forfeited. Company may remove members of the committee, &c. Make bye laws. Subfcribers dying before fhares are compleated, executors may complete the fame. In cafe of refufal, or want of alfets, proprietors may appoint others. Shares may be difpofed of. No (hare to be fold after call made, until the money is paid. Directions what fhall be done on alienations of fhares, by marriage or-death. Officers to the company to be appointed. Proceedings of commiffioners to be entered. Rates of tonnage. For lime, limeftone, dung, manure, day, fand and gravel, one halfpenny per mile a ton. For coal, cannel and minerals not palling through locks, one penny per mile a ton. For timber, goods and other merchandise not palling through locks, three halfpence per mile. For coal, cannel and other minerals palling through locks, three halfpence a mile. For timber, goods and other mer-chandife palling through locks, two-pence per mile. Canal to be mea-fured, and Hones fet up every half mile. Recovery of rates. Payment of wharfage on goods that remain.at the wharf above ten days. Power to alter the rates. Rates to be free from taxes. Matters of boats to give an account in writing' of particulars of lading. Forty cubic feet of oak, alh, elm or beech, or 50 cubic feet of fir, deal, or poplar, to be deemed a ton weight, and izolb. avoirdupoife to be a hundredweight. If any difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh or meafure boats, See, Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Velfels under twelve or eight tons, not to pafs locks without content of proprietors. To prevent lock keepers, See. giving any preference. Matters to put their names on outfide of their boats. Weight of the lading of velfels to be marked ; and velfels to be gauged. Matters or owners of boats anfwerable for damages. Matters to recover back from their fervants any turns paid for their negledt or default. For fencing off towing paths, and making bridges, Sec. The company liable to be indittted at common law, for not making ftone or brick bridges over the canal. The company liable to be indibted at com mon law for not repairing bridges. Sec. and to pay colts. Juftices at the fettlons, in certain cafes, to determine what bridges (hall be made. Swivel and draw bridges to be (hut and fattened, after velfels fhall have patted through them, on penalty of 5I. In cafe the company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company’s expence. If bridges, &c. made by the company, are irifufficient, land owners may make others. Lords of manors and land owners may ereft warehoufes, &c. on their lands. If not done within a limited time, the company may build. Power for owners of mines to make railways for conveying coals, &cf to the canal. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal and collateral cuts; but not without content of the owners of lands. Rates of tonnage on private wharfs. Additional rates of tonnage on private wharfs. Company of proprietors, or other perfons, not to ufe exclufively private wharfs. Company of proprietors or committee to regulate the navigation. Boats funk to be weighed up. Perfons overloading and obftrudting the navigation, or opening locks, See. to forfeit not lefs than 40s. nor more than 5I. Perfons wilfully deftroying works, guilty of felony. Canal not to be under the power of commiffion-ers of fevvers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, &c. in the fame proportion as adjoining lands. &c. Rights of lords of manors and land owners

to

Hosted by Google

I792-] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeorCii III. c. 85.

to fifhery referved. Penalty on unqualified perfons on board having nets,-jl. Power for land owners to ufe pleafure boats. To compel payment of fubfcriptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in diftrefs, to recover fpecial damage. Damages not provided for, to be fettled by commiffioners. Proceedings not to be quaihed for want of form. Appeal. Limitation of adions. General ifiue. Treble cofts. Publick ads.

CAP. LXXXV.

An ad for the better relief and employment of the poor of and within fuch part of the pari/h of Whitchurch as maintains its own poor, and lies within the county of Salop.

Guardians of the poor appointed and incorporated by the name of u The guardians of the poor of that part of the parifli of Whitchurch, Which lies within the county of Salop/' Firft meeting of the guardians on September j&z, 1792, and to meet annually on the firft Monday in January, April, July and Odober. Women to vote by proxy. Guardians and directors may ad as juftices. Diredors to deliver in their qualifications. Guardians and diredors to defray their own expences. Diredors or officers not to be concerned in any contrad. Guardians at the firft meeting to appoint a chairman, and alfo the twelve firft diredors. Inhabitants of the parifh ever afterwards to make out a lift of guardians, &c. to be propofed for diredors, to fill up vacancies in the diredion. Churchwardens and overfeers required to call veftries. Diredors to accept the offices within ten days. No perfon to be eledcd to the office of diredor within five years from the date of his quitting the diredion, without his confent. Diredors to take an oath. Guardians at their firft meeting may appoint officers, and diredors at fubfequent meetings to appoint treaturer and clerk; governor and fteward ^ matron; fchoolmafter or miftrefs, and all other officers to give fecurity. Weekly meetings of diredors. Special aflemblies may be held. Diredors may purchafe or hire buildings, lands, &c.; and ered buildings; and repair, alter, add to and enlarge the fame. Lands which (hall be purchafed to be rated as heretofore. Buildings to be furnifhed. Diredors to have the management of the poor, and to provide for their maintenance and employment. Poor perfons to be maintained as ufual till the houfe of induftry fhall be deemed by the diredors ready for their reception. Power to apprehend poor perfons belonging to the laid parilh. Power to apprehend vagrants. Diredors may fend vagrants to their place of fettlement. Diredors may take the examination of poor perfons, touching their places of fettlement, and reprefent the fame to two juftices, requefting the faid juftices to remove them to their legal fettlements. Children taken in to be apprenticed. Apprentices not to be affigned without confent of diredors. Children may be difeharged out of the houfe, or hired out. Juftice to fettle difputes refpeding wages. Power to fell the prefent workhoufe, and other lands, &c. belonging to the poor. Charitable donations for the relief of the poor, to be paid to the treafurer, for the ule of the corporation. Churchwardens and overfeers refufing to receive and pay the fame, to forfeit not lefs than 20s. nor more than 5I. Ad not to extend to any alms houfe, free fchool, hofpital, or other building of fpecial donation, or lands thereto refpedively belonging. Diredors to fettle the accounts of churchwardens and overfeers relating to particular charities. Power to borrow 45ool. Power to affign over all the buildings, &c. belonging to the corporation, as a fecurity for money borrowed. Power to grant annuities. Annuities to be paid out of rates. Securities may be transferred. For making afiefiments. Parifli officers to afiift in the execution of the ad, and on their making default, to forfeit not lefs than 40s. nor more than iol. Diredors may appoint conftables. Parifli officers may raife money, belides the fums requilite for the purpofes of this ad. Allowing money for occafional relief to be retained in the hands of church wardens. Churchwardens, &c. to account with diredors, and pay money colleded to the treafurer; on failure whereof to be committed. Property of furniture, &c. veiled in diredors; punching perfons who lhall wilfully damage the buildings or fences; or

buying

Hosted by Google

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 86. [1792.

buying or receiving the goods, See. Five directors heceffary to make a quarterly and three a weekly meeting* No bufinefs to be done by directors but at meetings. Directors not attending at meetings, to forfeit riot lei's than 5 s. nor more than 40s. Dire<5tors may grant certificates. Certificates now in the cuftody, and to be received in future by pariffi. officers, to be delivered to the clerk. Bonds of indemnity againft baftards to be given to the diredtors. Bye laws may be made. No bye law to be made, altered or repealed, unlefs feven members are prefent. Directing what fhall be deemed legal notice. Rewards to be given to the induftrious poor. Contracts and proceedings to be entered in a book. Allowing in* habitants to infpedt books and papers. No appeals againft removals without content of directors. When the profit of the poor’s labour fhall be fufficient for their maintenance, rates to ceafe. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal to the quarter feffions. Inhabitants may be witneffes. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. The expences of the adt to be paid out of the firft money raifed. Limitation of actions. Ge-r.eral iffue. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An adt for repairing or rebuilding the pier adjoining to the harbour of Broadftairs, in the ifle of Thanet, in the.county of Kent; and for the better preferving the laid harbour; and for removing and preventing obftrudlions, nuifances, and annoyances, and regulating the mooring of fliips and vefiels, within the laid harbour.

Commiftioners. On death, refufal, or removal of commiffioners, new ones to be appointed. Qualification of commiftioners. Lord warden, &c. not to be disqualified by non -attendance. No commiftioner to enjoy a place of profit. Firft meeting of the commiffioners on the twenty-fifth of June 1792. Commiftioners to defray their own expences Commiffioners who are juftices may adt as fuch. Suits to be brought in the name qf the clerk or treasurer. Books to be kept, and entries made. Commiffidn* trs to appoint officers ; and may allow them falsifies. Commiffioners ftm powered to take fecurity, and to call their officers to account. Property in the pier and harbour vefted in the commiffioners. Commiffioners im-powered to contract for the performance of the works. All duties heretofore payable to ceafe. Other rates payable. Collectors impowered to meafure the fhips for afeertaining the tonnage. Perfons fraudulently evading the rates to forfeit five pounds. Officers impowered to diftrain for rates. The part of the profits of boats aflifting lhips in diftrefs, See. may be recovered by action at law. Commiffioners enabled to examine perfons liable to pay the duties. Remedy for mafters of fhips or other perfons paying the rates payable by others, to recover the fame. Com-miflioners may diredt the mooring and ballafting of veffiels. Power to remove and prevent encroachments, &c. Inhabitants of the faid parifhes not to be reftrained from taking fand, mud* Sec. from the harbour, the lame being taken from fuch places as the commiffioners fhall by notice appoint. Until fuch notice given, fuch fand, mud, See. may be taken from any part of the harbour. No vcffel to be ufed in the harbour as a ftoreboufe. Limits of the harbour afeertained. Commiffioners may let the rates, giving 21 days notice. Power to borrow money, and affign the rates as a fecurity. Money may be raifed by granting annuities. Securities transferrable. Application of the money. Commiffioners to provide books for keeping accounts. Commiftioners to ftate and produce their acccfants yearly to the inhabitants. Power to purchafe land. Penalties bow to be recovered. Appeal. Commiffioners may compound for penalties or forfeitures; and may reward informers. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not removeable by certiorari. Tender of amends. Limitation of adtions. General iffue. Treble cofts, Maneria! rights fayed. Publftk adt. ...

e a p♦

Hosted by Google

*792 ] Anno regni trlcefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 87—90. 671 CAP. LX XX VII.

An acft to enable the dean, and chapter of Hereford to re-build the weft end of the cathedral church of Hereford, and to repair other parts thereof.

Whereas the weft end of the cathedral church of Hereford fell down fome time in April one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix* and other parts of the faid cathedral church are in a ruinous ftate, and in great need of repair: and whereas a conftderahle fum of money hath been already laid out towards in part rebuilding the faid weft end, and putting other parts of the faid cathedral church into repair; and it will require a further fum of four thoufand pounds, at the leaft, to complete the rebuilding of the faid weft end, and to put all the other parts of the faid cathedral church into good repair : and whereas the dean and chapter of the faid cathedral church, confiding of a dean, and five other dignitaries, commonly called refidentiary canons, are as fuch fieifed of divers manors, mefiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and are willing and defirous to charge 'themfelves, and their fuccefiors, with any fum not exceeding four thoufand pounds, for the purpofes above mentioned; but not being able to effetft the fame without the authority of parliament; may it therefore pleafe, Sec. The dean and chapter impowered to borrow 4»oooI. towards rebuilding the weft end of the cathedral, Sec. Mortgages to be regiftered.

Power for recovery of principal and intereft by the mortgagees. Mortgagees not anfwerable for the application of the money borrowed. The dean and chapter may grant leafes, notwithftanding the mortgagees. The intereft to be paid half-yearly, Sec. Principal money how to be paid off.

The dean and chapter to keep accounts of the money received and expended.

CAP. LXXXVIIL

An a<ft for rebuilding the chapel, and enlarging the chapel yard of Lane-End, within the parifti of Stoke upon Trent, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An a<ft for building a new church or chapel in the town of Leeds, in the weft riding of the county of York.

CAP. XC.

An a<5t for building a bridge acrofs the river Wear, from the bank or lhore thereof, fn the parifh of Bilhop Wearmouth, in the county of Durham, to the oppolite fhore, in the parilh of Monk Wearmouth in the fame county.

Commiflioners names. Qualifications of commiflioners, real eftate of root, a year, or perfonal eftate of 3000I. Commi(boners to iue and be fued in the name of their clerk. Indemnity to clerk. Firft meeting of commifli-oners June 35, 1792. Power to adjourn. Commi(boners to defray their own expences. Power to appoint new commiflioners. Commiiiioners impowered to ereft: a bridge acrofs the Wear ; to cut and level the banks of the river; to widen and enlarge roads, and make new roads, making fatisfadHon to the owners. Bridge to be built of fuch materials as corn-mi fiioners, fiiall think proper. No houfes to be built upon it, except toll houl'es. The bridge not to be fubje£t to taxes, nor a county bridge. Power to the commiflioners to contract for building the bridge, and for purchafing lands, Sec. Power to bodies politick and others to fell and convey. Bodies politick, Sec. refuting to treat, the value to be fe ttled by a jury at the feffions. Recital of the bifhop of Durham’s right to Sunder- , land Ferry. Recital of leafe to Anthony Ettrick, and of iettjement made upon the marriage of William Ettrick efq, Recital of leafe to William Lttrick-efq*, February 14, 1785. Authority to the bilhop of Durham to

Hosted by Google

Anno regni trice fimo fecundo Georgii III. c. go. [1792.

appoint an arbitrator. Authority to commilfioners to nominate an arbitrator. Authority to the two arbitrators to appoint a third perfon to aCt as referee, to afeertain the value in fee fimple of the ferry or pafiage; who are, in two months from their firft meeting, to make their award. Recital of fir lied worth Williamfon and general Lambton’s right to Pan Ferry, Arbitrators to be appointed in 3 months after the bridge is built. Arbitrators to name a third perfon$ who are to determine whether it is a horfe or foot boat, and the value thereof./ A copy of the award to be delivered to fir Hedworth Williamfon and general Lambton, and another to the commifiioners. Power to determine the value of the ferries by a jury at the fefiions, in cafe the fame fhall not be fettled by arbitration. Power to the bifhop of Durham to have the value of Sunderland Ferry afeertain-ed by a fpecial jury at the .affixes. Witneffes or jurymen neglecting or refuting to attend may be fined, not exceeding iol. Fees and expences of jury and witneffes how to be paid. Fees of the fheriff, jurymen, and witneffes, who attend to afeertain the value of the fee fimple and inheritance of the ferry boats, how to be paid. Value of lands to be paid out of the tolls, or out of the money to be borrowed upon the credit of the fame. Perfons reiufing to accept the valuation upon tender made thereof, the money to be depofited with the treafurer of the county of Durham. Pan Ferry, and the tolls thereof, veiled in commiffioners. The money awarded to the bifhop of Durham, to be charged upon the tolls, &c. as well of the bridge as of the ferries, &c. Tolls, &c. of the ferry fettled and vetted in the commifiioners, with power to collect the fame, and the like power of diftrefs and fale in cafe of refufal. The lord bifhop of Durham to appoint an arbitrator ; and Mr. Ettrick to appoint another; who are to appoint a referee ; two of whom are to fix and afeertain the fum to be paid by the bifhop to Mr. Ettrick. The money to be applied upon the fame trufls, and for the purpofes'mentioned in Mr. Ettrick’s fettlement. The money to be paid to the bifhop and his lefiee not to be called fn for ten years. To give two years notice of calling in money. Provilion for determining whether compenfation is to be made for Southwick Ferry, Power to eleCt new arbitrators in certain cafes. Money awarded to bodies politick, &c. to be invefled in the purchafe of lands. Power to take tolls. Tolls. A coach and fix, 3s. A coach and four, 2s. A coach ^nd pair, is. 6d. Chaile with one horfe, 9d. A waggon, cart, See. laden, with fix horfes, 3s. A do. with five horfes, 2s. 6d. A do. with four horfes, 2S. A do. with three or two horfes, is. 6d. A cart with one horfe, is. A waggon, cart, Sic. empty and unladen with fix horfes, lod. A do. with five horfes, 9d. A do. with four horfes, 8d. A do. with three or two horfes, 6d. A cart with one horfe, 4d. ' A horfe laden or unladen, one penny halfpenny. Hogs, fheep or lambs, per fcore, jd. Cows and horned cattle each, id. A foot paffenger laden, id. Do. unladen, one halfpenny. Powers for compelling payment thereof. Rider of a horfe, and driver of a carriage, not to pay toll. Power to reduce the tolls. Perfons taking off horfes, or carrying goods, in order to avoid payment of tolls, to forfeit 40s. Power to leafe the tolls. Appointment of clerk, furveyor, and other officers ; who are to account upon oath. No com-miffioner to vote in the choice of officers who hath not aCted within 12 months. The commiffioners to take fecurity from officers. Surveyor may gather furze, gravel, Sic. from wattes, without making any fatistac-tion, $:c. Power to commiffioners to borrow 5000k on credit of the tolls, by way of tontine or otherwife. Copies of alfignments to be entered in a book. No money to be borrowed on the credit of the tolls after the firft meeting, unlefs notice given upon the market crofs. Subfcribers to pay their fubferiptions to the treafurer. Application pf the money. Perfons wilfully burning or deftroying the works, 81c. to be deemed guilty of felony. Matters and owners of fhips, and others, injuring the works, to pay the amount of the damage. The property of the bridge, &c. vetted in the treafurer. Powers to commence on palling this a<ft, and penalties to be recovered before one or more juftices of the county of Durham. For want of diftrefs, offenders to be fent to gaol or houfe of correction. Offenders thinking themfeives aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefiions. Powers of the act for the prefervation of river Wear faved. Property of

Hosted by Google

1792.3	AnnoregnitricefimofecundoGEORGU III. c. 91	!

the foil ufed for the purpofes of this adt faved. Sir Hedworth William-fon’s rights in Sunderland Ferry fayed. Other rights annexed to certain farms and houfes in Monkwearmouth, Southwick, and Full well faved. Perfons illegally taking the benefit thereof, to forfeit 40s. Jufticesmay adt though they are commiifioners. Proceedings to be entered in a book, which may be read in evidence. Adtions to be commenced in three months. Defendants to plead general iflue. Treble cofts. The bridge to be begun within feven years. General faving. Publick adt.

C A P. XCI.

An adt for more eftedtually draining and preferving certain low lands, within the parifh of Great Carlton, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. XCII.

An adt for making a harbour in the cove of Beer, in the county of Devon.

Commiflioners appointed and authorifed to build a pier at the cove of Beer. To prevent injuring the works. Power to colledt certain duties. Every fhip, &c. laden or unladen belonging to any of his Majefty’s fub-jedts (except fifhing boats) per ton, id. Do. not belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjedts per ton, ad. For every ton of goods, Sec. (except corn, malt, coals and tifh) brought into or carried out of the harbour by Ihips, Sec. belonging to his Majefty’s fubjedts, is. By fhips, Sec. not belonging'to his Majefty’s fubjedts, as. For every laft of corn, grain or malt, by fubjedts, is. Do. by ihips, &c. not belonging to fubjedts, 2s. For every chaldron of coals brought into the harbour, is. For every falling boat, Sec. belonging to the inhabitants of Beer, not more than five tons yearly, 5s. If more than five tons yearly, 10s. For every boat with-fifh for fale> not belonging to the inhabitants of Beer, and not more than five tons burthen, is. If more than five tons, as. For afeertaining the duties. King’s fhips exempt from the duties. Duties vefted in the com-miffioners. For borrowing ao,oool. and affigning the rates. For transferring affignments. Diredting how the money fhall be applied. Appoint-' ing commiflioners. Commifiioners to have in Devonfhire freehold eftate of the yearly value of 30I. or 60I. leafehold, or refide in the county, and have perfonal eftate of aool. Commiflioners to appoint officers, and.enter their proceedings and accounts. Power to reduce the duties. Recovery and application of penalties. Allowing an appeal. Limitation of adtions. General ifliie. Treble cofts. Referving certain rates now payable to the lord of the manof, and to the chamber of the city of Exeter. Publick adL

C A P. XCIII.

An adt for improving the communication between the county of Edinburgh and the county of Fife, by the paffages or ferries crofs the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the county of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntifland in the county of Fife ; and for rendering the harbours and landing places more commodious.

CAP. XCIV.

An adt for regulating and improving the falmon fifhery in the river Nith, in the county of Dumfries.

Adt 33 Geo. a. repealed. Fi'fh not to be taken between Odtober 5, and Marche*. Spawn and fry not to be taken between March 1, and June 15. Limits of the mouth of the river Nith to extend from the large hotife at Carfethorne of Arbigland, in a line acrofs the river Nith due eaft. Nets and other engines taken in the river to be cut and deftroyed. Per ions not having right lb to do, not to filh in the river. Perfons beating the water, or fetting objedfs to prevent entering the river, to forfeit not lefs than ios. nor more than 5I. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal to the quarter feffions. -Appeal from the fherilt depute, or fubfti-tutes* to the lords of feffiou. Publick adt. -'

.	CAP-

. 673

Hosted by Google

674 Anno regni tricefimo fecundo GeoRGH III. c. 95—97. [1792.

CAP. XCV.

An a£l for the better relief and employment of the poor within the fevers! .. parifhes of Atcham, Wroxeter, BerringtOn, Cund, Eaton, Coriftan* tine, Kenley, Leighton, Ufftngton, and Upton Magna, and the Cha-pelry of Creffiage, in the county of Salop.

CAP. XCVI.

An adl for the better relief and employment of the poor, belonging to the. parifhes of Montgomery and Pool, ahd certain other parifhes and places therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery and Salop.

CAP. XCVII.

An aft for building a bridge, at or near the ferry over the river Thames, from Whitchurch, in the county of Oxford, to the oppofite fhore, in the parifli of Pangbourn, in the county of Berks.

Proprietors. To be a corporate body, by the name of ,<c The Company of Proprietors of Whitchurch Bridge/' Bridge to be built. Afcents of approaches to the bridge. Obftrucftions in the river near the bridge may be removed, and banks of the river may be cut. Materials for the bridge,

&c. may be brought and worked upon any wafte land near the bridge without fatisfaftion, &c. Bodies corporate. &c. impowered to fell pre-mifes required for building the bridge, See* Commiffioners to determine differences. If parties cannot agree, the matter to be fettled by a jury.

If a fufficient number of jurymen do not attend, the jury to be made up from the (landers by. Sheriff, &c. making default may be fined. Commiffioners or jury not 'to adl where interefted. Proprietors not to take poffeffion of premifes till payment of purchafe money. Money payable to bodies corporate, &c. to be reinvefted in purchafe of other eftates to the fame ufes. Paying expences of the jury. Meetings of commiffioners to be held within feven miles. Annual rents, adjudged for damages, to be paid. When the bridge fhall be compleated, right of, in and to the ferry to ceafe in confederation of 350I. Proprietors may raife 1,4001. among themfelves by fhares of one hundred pounds each. The fhares veiled in the proprietors. Proprietors to have votes, and may vote by proxy. Votes to be given perfonally or by proxy. Votes how to be given. All bufinefs at general meetings to be determined by majority. Power to raife 4,ocol. more, if the 2,400b fhall be infumcient. Ne\^fubfcribers to become members of the body politick. Firfl general meeting to be on the fecond of July 1792, and to meet annually on the firft Monday in January and July. Special meetings may be held on ten days notice. Firft general meeting to choofe a committee, treafurer and clerk who is to enter proceedings in a book. Subfequent committees how to be cholen ; their meetings to be monthly, and their expences paid. Committees to make reports of proceedings to the general affemblies, and to obey their orders. Committee to make calls of money from the proprietors when neceiflfary.

The money to be paid to the treafurer,. and applied by the committee. Powers of the committee. Ten days notice of calls. Perfons not paying the firft call, may be fued; perfons not paying according to fubfequent calls, to forfeit twenty (hillings. Limiting time for taking advantage of forfeitures. Company to have power to remove committee men and officers, and to make and alter bye laws. Directing how calls on (hares un-difpofed of, belonging to perfons dying, fhall be made. On default of payment, other perfons may be admitted as proprietors. Proprietors may fell or difpole of their fhares. Proprietors not to fell their fiiares until calls are paid up. No bufinefs to be done at committees, urilefs three proprietors fhall be prefent. The treafurer to give fecurity. Bridge veiled in the company. Tolls for paffing over the bridge. For perfons on foot one halfpenny. For lvorfes not drawing two-pence. For affies, three halfpence.

For beafts, two-pence. For fheep, one halfpenny. For hogs, one halfpenny. For horfes drawing, two-pence. For every wheel to a carriage,

two-pence.

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni cricefimo fecundoGEORGll rite. 98—100.

two-pence. No toll for horfes drawing barges, &c. into Whitchurch Pound Lock. The tolls vetted in the company, with powers of diftrefs,

&c. Tolls may be reduced, and raifed again. Penalty on evading tolls,

8cc. five pounds. Five pounds penalty on conveying for hire per fans, cattle, or any other article, over the river, within the parifhes of Whitchurch and Pangbourn, otherwife than over the bridge. For altering the continuation of the lock, to prevent evafion of the tolls. The rights of the ferry to be vetted in the company of proprietors. Damage done to the bridge by bargemen to be paid for by the owners. Perfons palling a line over the bridge to forfeit twenty thillings. Damaging the bridge, &c. to be deehned felony. Bridge to be deemed extraparochial, and the centre the boundary between the counties. When bridge impalpable, a ferry to be provided. For obliging the fubfcribers to pay their fubfcriptions. Proceedings to be entered in books. Informations and couvidtion to be be* fore one juftice. The recovery of penalties and forfeitures. Ajulticeof the peace for Oxfordfhire and Berks, may take cognizance of any offence which fhall extend to both counties. Diitrels not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quafbed for want of form, or removed by certiorari. Limitation of adtions. General ifiue.

Treble cofts. Publick adt.

CAP. XCVIII.

An adt for appointing commiffioners to fell and difpofe of a certain un-finifhed building at or near Taunton, in the county of Somerfet, intended for a publick hofpital or infirmary, and of a piece of ground belonging thereto, in cafe a fufficient fum of money fhall not be raifed by fubfeription, within a limited time, for finifhing the faid building, and paying the money due on account thereof.

CAP. XCIX.

An adt for the better relief and employment of the poor of the feveral1 parifhes within the city of Worcefter, and of the parifhes of Saint Martin and Saint Clement, which are part within the city of Worcefter and part within the county of Worcefter, and for providing a burial ground for the ufe offuch parifhes.

CAP. C.

An adt for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Cromford canal, in the county of Nottingham, to or near to the town of Nottingham and to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent bridge ; and . alio certain collateral cuts therein deferibed, from the faid intended canal.

Proprietors incorporated, by the name of ie The Nottingham Canal Company.” Their powers. Houfes, gardens, &c. not to be injured.

Power to take water from mines. Proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the canal. Reftridtions relative to taking water from any rivulets which fupply the Erevvafh canal. No water to be taken from the parifti of Wollaton or the river Trent. The waters of the Erewafli canal not to be taken into the Cromford canal, except by refervoirs, and under certain, reftridtions. Refervoirs to be made in lieu of the water to be given up. A lock to be made near the jundtion with the Cromford canal.

The expences of the refervoirs and locks to be defrayed by the Nottingham canal company. Other regulations as to the .water of the Nottingham canal. Dilputes between the Cromford and Nottingham canal company to be referred to arbitrators. Regulations as to the water of the Cromford canal. No refervoir to be made where the Erewalh company are entitled to make refervoirs, See. That quantity to be afeertained by engineers. The Erewafli company may take refervoirs made bv the Cromford or Nottingham company in certain cafes. Refervoirs to be made in certain cafes by the Erewafli company, at the expence pf the Nottingham company. No refervoir to be made on lord Stamford's land. Re ft actions refpedting tiie works near Nottingham caftle. Culverts to be made VOL. XXXVII.	"y	y	under

Hosted by Google

6/6	,	Anno	regni	tricefimo	fecundo	GeoROM	III. c. ioo. [1792.

under the canal for draining Nottingham park. Errors in describing the line not to prevent.making the canal. Breadth of canal, collateral cuts, and towing paths, to be twenty* fix yards. No building to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politick, &c. im* powered to fell. Copyhold rights preferred. Commiffioners. for fettling differences. Election of new commiffioners. The quarter feffions to appoint new commiffioners in certain cafes. Commiffioners to have real eft ate of 100I. a year, or perfonal eftate of aoooh Commiffioners not to hold any place of profit. Commiffioners may att as juftices. Fourteen day s notice to be given of the meetings of commiffioners. On application commiffioners may hold meetings. Commiffioners to hold annual meetings on the third Tuefday in Auguft. Commiffioners to determine what fums the company {hall pay for the land and damages. Jury to be furn-moned in certain cafes. Fines upon fheriffs, See. making default. Ex-pences of commiflioners and jury by whom to be borne. Perfons requeuing a jury to enter into a bond to profecute before commiffioners iffue their warrant for a jury. Notice of injury to be given to the company, before complaint made to the commiffioners. Verdicts to be recorded, and on fatisfaeftion being made or tendered, the lands vefted in the county. Purchafe monies paid in truft to be laid out to the fame ufes. In default of payment, yearly rents, Sec. the tonnage rates to become fecurity. Company to remove Mr. Pierrepont’s wharf, Sec. or pay him the expence of removal. Satisfaction to be made for Mr. Mutter’s wharf. Company to be compellable to purchafe feveral pieces of land or make communications by bridges. Mines, Sec. referved to lords of manors or other proprietors. Coal mines, Sec. not to be worked to prejudice the navigation, Company’s agents to be at liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. For fencing off towing paths. Making watering places. In cafe company do not fence off the towing paths and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company’s expence. If bridges, Sec. made by the company are insufficient, land owners may make others. Company may cleanfe the adjoining watercourfes at the land owners expence. Power to make railways. One rail-way only to be made in the lands of Mr. Willoughby, •at Afpley. If rail-ways be made by the company for the ufe of any colliery, they fhall make the like for the colliery at Brinfley. Cuts may be made to communicate with the intended canal and collateral cuts. Cut mav be made to Bilborough. Lords of manors and land owners may build warehoufes, Sec. on their lands. If not done within twelve months, the company may build thereon. Regulations as to private wharfs. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fifhery faved. Unqualified perfons on board having nets, to forfeit 5I. Power for land owners to ufe pleafure boats. Proprietors'to raife 50,000k amongft themfelves for making the canal, collateral cut and other works. The money to be divided into ffimes of iool. each. Proprietors to receive 5I. per cent, till canal be finiihed. Subfcribers to have a vote for every (hare. Proprietors may raife an additional fum of a5,oool. if neceffary. Power to raife money by mortgage ; and to affign the navigation as a fecurity. Affignments may be transferred. Inteveft of money borrowed to be paid in preference to dividends. Affignees not to vote on account of having lent money. Firft gener al affembly to be held, and committees appointed June 26, 1792; and annually on the firft Tuefday in May. Power to hold fpecial affem-blies. Each member of the committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. Committee to be under the controul of general affemblies. Perfons holding places not to ferve on committees. Books of accounts to be kept. General and fpecial affemblies to confift of two hundred and fifty ffiares. Other powers of general affemblies and committees. Committee to be allowed their expences. To compel payment of fubfeription. Subfcribers to have notice before their (hares are forfeited. General affemblies may remove members of the committee, Sec, and make bye laws. Subfcribers dying before their (hares are compleatcd, executors, Sec. may compleat the fame. In cafe of refufal or want of affets, proprietors may appoint others. Shares may be difpofed of. No fhare to be fold after call made, until the money is paid. Officers to the company to be appointed. Proceedings of the commiffioners to be entered in a book. Power to collect lates of tonnage. Rates for coal and coak fourpence

halfpenny

Hosted by Google

1702.] Anno regni triced mo fecundo Georg 11 III. c. ior.

halfpenny a ton, and in addition thereto one halfpermy.a mile, but in no cafe to exceed is. a ton. For lime and limeftone one halfpenny a ton per niile, but not to exceed the amount of payment for twelve miles. For bricks 6d. a ton. For all ftone (except limeftone) id. a ton per mile, but not to pay for more than io miles. For all iron, ironftone, lead and other minerals, timber, corn and other goods, id. a ton per mile, but not to pay for more than 12 miles. For all other goods (except Hate, lime, limeftone and plaifter) palling to or from the river Trent, 2d. per ton. Proportion of a mile to be taken as a mile. Recovery of rates. Exemption from rates. The Cromford canal company authorifed to take certain rates for boats palling to and from the intended canal. The Cromford company not to take higher rates for boats palling to or from the intended canal, than to and from the Erewalh canal. Payment for wharfage. Power 16 alter the rates. Profits net to exceed 81. per centum per annum. The reduction of tonnage firft to take place on coals. Mailers of boats to give an account in writing of particulars of lading. Quantity of tonnage, &c„ afeertained. Sixteen cubit feet of ftone, ten yards fquare of fiagftone and ten yards of lineal curbftone, fifty cubic feet of round or forty cubic feet fquare oak, alh, elm, or beach, and fifty feet of fir deal, poplar, &c. to be deemed a ton weight, and nine fcore pounds avoirdupoil'e of limeftone, and fix fcore pounds of coals to be deemed ioolb. weight. If any difference concerning the weight, collegers may weigh veffels. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. The company's lands to be taxed as other lands near thereto. To prevent lock keepers, See. giving any preference. Veffels under 20 tons not to pals the locks, but on certain conditions. Maf-ters to put their names on the outlide of their boats. Weight of the lading of veffels to to be marked, and veffels to be gauged. Mailers or owners Of boats anfwerable for damages. . Mailers to recover back from their fervants Turns paid for their defaults. Regulations for veffels palling the locks. Committee to regulate the navigation. Penalty on perfons overloading or obftruCting the navigation, Scc. and on opening locks, See. Punilhing perfens wilfully deftroying the works. Canal not to be under the power of commiffioners of fewers. Culverts, See. to be made under the river Leen. Satisfaction to be made to Mr. Gregory, for damage to his lands by the waters of the Leen. Certain parts of Mr. Gregory’s lands not- to be taken or affeCted by virtue of the aCt. Compenfation to ,be made to the truftees of the Alfreton and Ilkefton roads for any diminution of the toll3. For fettling difputes touching fuch compenfation. Deficiencies in any year to be afterwards made up. Company of proprietors lhall not be anfwerable in certain cafes. Turnpike truftees to infpeCt the books of the company. Satisfaction to be proportioned between the two roads when the whole cannot be made good. Rates not to be reduced to the injury of the turnpike truftees. Trent undertakers may make cuts into a cerfefisn part of the canal, and boats ufing the Trent, may pafs on fuch part of the faid canal on paying a certain rate. Power to compel payment of fubferiptions. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Application of money. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Appeal to the quarter feffions. Limitation of aCtions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Pubiick aCt.

CAP. CL

An aCt for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Weilmorland, to Weft Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancafter, and alfo a navigable branch from the laid intended canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and alfo another navigable branch from, at or near Gale Mois by Chorley, to or near Duxbury in the faid county palatine of Lancafter.

Proprietors names. Proprietors incorporated by the name of u The company of Proprietors of the Lancafter Canal Navigation," Canal to be called “ The Lancafter canal," and to be navigable from Kirkby Kendal, through the parifhes of Kirkby Kendal, Heveriham, Beetholme and Burton in Weftmorlandj and Warton, Bolton by the Sands* Iialton, Lancafter,

Y y %	-Cockerham,

Hosted by Google

nno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. ioi. [1792.

Cockerham, Garftang Church Town, Saint MichaePs Kirkham, Prefton, Blackburn, Pen,wortham, Leyland, Brindle, Chorley, Crofton, Standifh and Wigan, and into the townfhip of Weft Houghton. Levels and Purveys have been taken, and book of reference made. Three parts to be made and authenticated by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and allowed to be given in evidence. Proprietors of Leeds and Liverpool canal, on three months notice to mark out the line and level where the propofed Lancafter canal may crofs it. Canal not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the coiirfe in the plan. Land owners being omitted in the book of reference, not to obftruct the work. The branch from Gale Mofs to Dux-, bury not to be made without the .confent of Thomas Weld and Thomas Gillibrand. Water may be taken from the river Mint. Canal to be feven. feet deep from Yeonam to Hincafter Gretn in Weftmorland. ReftriCtions as to taking water. Meftrs. Watfons and Cods works at Catterall protected. Mr. Greenalgh’s mill, Crofe Hall mill, and divers mills in Cul-cheth, Pennington, Weftleigh and Atherton in Lancafliire, protected/ Water not to be taken from Potter Brook, Beere Dock, Well Brook or. Cocker Brook, or beyond the end of the canal at Weft Houghton chapel. The property of fir Frank Standilh, baronet, protected. To indemnify Mr. Bradfhaw for taking down weirs, See. To prevent any deviation through the grounds of fir Henry Hoghton, baronet, and lord Archibald Hamilton. No toll houfe fire engine, Sec. to be ereCted in the townfliip of Afhton, or within one mile of the manfion houfes of lir Henry Hoghton, baronet, and Nicholas Starkie, efq; or between Penwortham and Walton, bridges, over the river Ribble, To enable lord Derby, lord Lonfdale, lord Archibald Hamilton, lady Andover, Daniel Wilfon, John Marfden and John Parker, efqrs. Mr. Clifton and others to make collateral cuts to communicate with the canal. To permit a cut from the manor of Thornton in Yorkfhire to join the canal. Houfes, gardens, Scc. not to be injured. Breadth of canal and towing paths not to exceed thirty yards. Bodies politick, corporate, &c. impowered to fell and convey lands. Satisfaction to be made by annual rent where title is doubtful. Commifiioners appointed. Their qualification, freehold, copyhold or leafehold eftate for-l.ife of iocl. a year in Lancafhire, or 50I. in Weftmorland, or having-per-fonal eftate of 2,oool. in Lancafhire, or i,oool. in Weftmorland, and rdiding in the faid countits. If parties are difiatisfied with the determination of. the commifiioners, or refufe to accept purchafe money, juries to be impan-pelled to aliefs the damages, and their verdiCt to be final, and witnefies may. be examined on oath. Twenty pounds penalty on fheriff, and 5I. on jurymen, and other perfons fummoned, who make default. Quarter feflions to name commifiioners, in cafe a fufficient number do not attend, and juftices of the peace may aCt as commifiioners. Commifiioners to give fourteen days notice of their meetings. Meetings upon requeft of proprietors or land owners may be fummoned at any time. Meetings to determine dif-•putes, to be held within one mile of the canal. Proceedings not to be, quaihed for want of form. Proceedings of commifiioners to be entered, in a book, and to be admitted as evidence, juries under the fame regulations as in the coui ts at Weftminfter. Perfons requefting juries/ to enter! into ho.nd to profecute. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors, before complaint to the commifiioners. Perfons giving falie evidence, iu? jebt to be profecuten for perjury. Satisfaction to be made for damages, done in getting materials. VerdiCts for value.of lands, and money lor cia-tsr.ges, to fc atemamed feparate. VerdiCts to be recorded, and lands \filed in the proprietors. Purchafe money to be laid out to the fame ufrs. Commiiiioners.to fettle tlie proportions of the money to be. paid to the ft vcral perfons' interefted. For recovery of - purchafe money Tor .lands. Mint s, Ac. referred, to lords of manors, or to other proprietors; Coal mines, See, not to be worked, to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents to be at liberty to enter lands or mines, to view the. works. Company to make drains, See. Works damaged by the floods, to be re/ paired by the company. Enabling the; company to cleanfe the. adjoining \vat**rcourfes, at the land owners expence.' Proprietors may raile 414,1001. to be divided into 4,141 /hares, at 100I. each. Shares deemed perfonal eftate. Proprietors may r.ufe aoo,oool. more, if ntedfary. Sixty thoufand

r '	pounds	'

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. ioj. 6

pounds to be laid out, in making the canal in Weftmorlapd. Company may borrow aoo,oool. more, and affign the navigation as a fecurity.

Mortgage to be entered in a book, and may be. transferred. Jntereft of the, money borrowed, to be firft paid. Mortgagees or affignees, not to vote on account of having lent money. Five pounds per cent, to be paid to the proprietors, until the works are compleated. Suhfcribers to have a vote for every fhare, not exceeding one hundred. General meetings for choofing a committee, to be the firft Tuefday in July and January. Each member of the committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. Committee fubjecft to controul of general meetings. Books to be kept.

Power of general meetings to audit accounts, call for money, &c. Sub-fcriber forfeiting his ihare, fhall have perfonal notice, and the forfeiture muft be declared at a general meeting. General meetings may remove committee men, and make bye laws. General meetings adjourned in cafe of non-attendance. On the death of fubfcribers, before (hare compleated, executors may do it. Shares may be difpofed of. After a call, no ihare to be fold, until the money paid. Officers to be appointed. Rates, viz.

For tonnage and wharfage upon coal, navigated on the canal, one penny halfpenny per ton per mile. For limeftone, flate, bricks, ftone, gravel, fand, manure, &c. one halfpenny per ton per mile. For lime, pig iron, caft iron, and bar iron, one penny per ton per mile. For timber, dying woods and all other goods, two-pence per ton per mile. Rates may be reduced or altered. Coals paffing locks on fouth fide of Ribble, to pay two fhillings and three-pence per ton. Matters of boats to give in writing to the collectors, particulars of the goods on board, on penalty of 10s. per ton. Forty feet of round, or fifty feet of fquare oak, afh, or elm timber, and fifty feet of fir, deal, poplar, beech or birch, and forty feet of light goods, to be deemed a ton weight. In cafe of difference concerning tjie weight of goods, collectors may weigh them. - Proprietors to regulate the price of parcels, under izolb. weight. Navigation to be free, upon payment of tolls. Owners of lands may ufe pleafure boats on the canal.

Earl of Balcarras may ufe boats on the canal, within his own eftate.

Watering places for cattle, to be provided. For fencing off towing paths, and making bridges. Proprietors may be indicted for not building ftone or brick bridges, in all highways over the canal. If the company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, &c. land owners may at the company’s expence, and if infufficient, land owners may make others.

Proprietors with confent of commiffioners of highways, may alter roads.

Company may purchafe lands, and make occupation ways or bridges.

Land owners may ereft warehouses, &c. on their own lands, and if not done in twelve months after notice, the proprietors may. Regulations as to private wharfs. Matters to put their names on the outfide of boats, and to*be meafured, on penalty of 40s. Boat matter or owner accountable for damages done by the crew, and may recover over againft their fer-vants, See. Proper places to be made for boats to turn or lie in. Veffels lying fo as to obftruCt the navigation, to be removed. Veffels funk, to be weighed up. Perfons overloading and obftruCting the paffage of the canal, of throwing ballaft into it, to forfeit 5I. Perfons opening the locks, or doing other damage to the navigation, to forfeit not lefs than 40s. nor more than 5I. Regulation for veffels paffing the locks. Veffels paffing locks, to be 56 feet long and 14 feet wide. Proprietors to take tonnage of veffels paffing locks. Canal not to be under the power of commiffioners of fewers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands and buildings, in proportion to adjoining lands, and free from tolls and parliamentary taxes, in refpe<5t of the navigation. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to the fifhery referred. Perfons on board boats having nets, &c. not being qualified, .forfeit 5I. Stones to be ere&ed every mile. Treafurer, &c. to give fecurity. To compel payment of fubferiptions. Penalties and forr , feitures, how to be recovered and applied. Appeal to quarter feffionSo Lin&itation of actions. General iffue. Full cofts. Publick ad.

y y 3	e	a	p.

Anno regni tricefitno fecundo Georgh III. c. 102. [1792.

CAP. CII.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from, or ffom lbme place near Poritnewynydd, into the river Ufk? at or near the town ■of Newport, and a collateral cut or canal from the fame, at or near a place called Cryndau Farm, to or near to Crumlin bridge, all in the county of Monmouth ; and for making and maintaining rail-ways, 'or ftone roads, from iuch cuts or canals, to feveral iron works and mines, in the counties of Monmouth and Brecknock.

Proprietors incorporated by the name of 44 The Company of Proprietors of the Monmouthlhire Canal Navigation/7 with power to pure hale lands. Their powers. Power to make inclined plains, &c. Houfes or buildings, gardens, parks, paddocks, &c. not to be taken or injured, except certain gardens, &c. particularly fpecified in the fchedule to this act. Directing the courfe of the canal through the eftate of Jofeph Cowles. For prefer vat ion of the ftreams of water and brooks belonging to Mr. Cowles. For fecuring the works at Beaufort. For preferving the water of the river Afon Lwyd. For erefting weirs for afeertaining the quantity of water to be taken from the river Afon Lwyd for certain purpofes. For v preventing any delay in the working of Trofnant furnace, by taking water therefrom. For making a walte weir for difeharging fuperfluous water into the river Afon Lwyd. For keeping in repair the wafte weirs. To fecure water to Abercarne forges, and to impower the proprietors to, take water from certain brooks. For erefting a weir acrofs the river Ebwy. For erefting a weir at Crumlin bridge. For building walls for fecuring the banks. For fecuring a fuflicient fupply of water to the iron works and corn mill of Mr. Glover. For preferving the water at the mill near Lantarnum houfe. Increafing the head of water at Rochafton works, in proportion to the water taken from the Ebwy. For compelling the proprietors of mills to flop their works, &c. to allow a true gauge to be taken of their water. For making a ftone road and a wharf for the ufe of the mines royal company. For making a weir on the fide of the canal above the pool of Newport mill. Levels and furveys have been taken, and a map and book of reference have been made, and two copies authenticated by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons. The canals and railways not to deviate more than zoo yards from the line deferibed in the plan, without the content of land owners. Land owners omitted in the book of reference through miftake, not to obftrudt. Width of the canals and towing paths to be twenty-fix yards. Where roads are injured, others to be made. Bodies politick, corporate, and other incapacitated perfons, impowered to fell and convey lands, and with confent of commiflioners to fell or exchange any lands which may be fo feparated as to render the occupation thereof inconvenient. All contracts, agreements, and conveyances, for thofe purpofes, to be inrolled by the clerk of the peace for the county of Monmouth. Pieces of land cut off, being lefs than one acre, or Id's than 50 yards in breadth, fhall be purchafed by the company, if required. For preferving copyhold rights. Commi/Eoners Appointed for fettling differences between the company and private individuals, whofe property may be affefted or damaged. For appointing new commiifioners. The quarter feflions impowered to nominate comniif-fioners in certain cafes. Qualification of commiflioners. Commiflioners may aft as juftices of peace. Fourteen days notice to be given of rt}eet-ings of cornmiflioners, and not Ids than five to aft. Meetings of commif-fioners may be called at any time, notwithftanding the adjournment of Any general meeting. Meetings of commiflioners to be held within fix miles of the place in difpute. Commiflioners to determine what fuins of money, or annual rent, the company fhall pay for the purehafe of lands, and v^hat fums they fhall pay for damages. If the parties refufe to fubmit to’the determination of the commiflioners, a jury and witnefles may be fummfrn-ed. Twenty pounds penalty on flieriffs, and five pounds on jurymen and witnefles, making default. Jury to be under the fame regulation^ as at Weftminfter. Perfons giving falfe evidence may be indifted for perjury. Lxpences of commiflioners and jury, by whom to be bornd Perfons o	jequefting

f792*] Anno regni triccfimo fecundo Georgii III. c. IQ2.

requefting a jury, to enter into a bond to profecute, Sec. Notice of injury ~ or damage to be given to the company before complaint made to the com* miflioners. Proceedings of commifiioners to be entered in a book. Com-miffioners to appoint a clerk, who is to be paid by the company, and to deliver up books, See. when removed. On payment of purchafe money, the company may enter lands, and proceed with their works. Determinations of commifiioners, and verdldts of juries, to be recorded, and the lands purchafed to veft abfolutely in the company. Purchafe money paid to corporations, Sec. to be laid out in other lands to be fettled to the tame ufes; and until laid out inlands, to be placed out at intereft. The interdt of money fo placed out, and the annual rents to be paid for Iain’s, to go to the perfons intrtled to the rents of the lands purchafed by the company. Commifiioners may fettle the proportions of purchafe money not directed to be laid out in land between the feveral parties interefted. The company may pay purchafe money to mortgagees of the lands purchafed* if required. Money to be paid for damages, how to be recovered. Annual rents to be paid for lands, charged on the tolls and rates, with powers for recovering the fame. Coals, See, found in digging canals, to be laid upon the land adjoining, for the benefit of the owners. Regulations arid rdtribtions reflecting the working of mines, See. belonging to private perfons under or near the canals. But the owners of fuch mines may make gate-ways, Sec. at certain diftances, and of certain dimenfions. If any mines near the canals are worked contrary to the directions of this adt, the company may enter and fecure the canals, &c. at the expence of the owners of mines. Owners of mines under or near the canals, defirous of working the lame, to give notice to the company, who fhall make fatil-fadtion, in cafe they refufe their content to the working the fame. To oblige proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the canal. Millers to put up or down doughs when required by the company. If millers are not fatisfied with the recompence offered by the company, commit-fioners to determine the fame. Mills, injured by the navigation, to be purchafed by the company, if fo required by the owner, or otherwife altered and improved. Towing paths, See. to be fenced off from adjoining lands. Gates and ftiles to be eredted on towing paths, Sec. and bridges,

Scc. to be eredted by the company. In cafe of failure to fence off towing paths, and make bridges, Sec. owners of lands adjoining may do the fame at the company's expence. Owners or occupiers of lands may eredt bridges, Scc. at their own expence, if not fatisfied with thofe erected by the company. The company to make drains, &c. to convey water from adjoining lands, and keep the fame clean. The company may cleanfe adjoining ditches and drains at the expence of the owners, if negledted by them. For repairing damages occafioned by floods, and preventing further damage from the fame. The company may raife 120,0001. among themfdves. The money raifed to be divided into 1,200 ihares, which fhall be numbered in progreffion, and be deemed perfonal eftate. Sub-feribers to be deemed proprietors, and have a vote lor every (hare. Votes may be given by proxy. All queftions to be decided by a majority of votes, and the chairman to have the calling vote. No perfon to vote as proxy for more than five abfentees; and after five years, no perfon to give more than ten votes.' If the 120000I. not fufficient, the company may raife 6o,pool more, either by contributions among then delves, or by ad-miffion of new fubfcribers, or on mortgage. No preference among mortgagees. A memorial of mortgages to be entered by the company's Clerk.' Mortgages may be transferred, and memoi ial of transfers to be entered. Proprietors to be paid 5I. per centum upon the money advanced, until the navigation is compleated. Intereft of mortgages to be firffc paid. Inhere ft of mortgages how to be recovered. Firlt general meeting of proprietors to be on the feconci Monday after the twenty-fifth of June 1792, and to meet annually on the laft Monday in April, and the third Monday in October, and to choofe a committee, and appoint a treafurer, clerk, Sec. Committee may fill up vacancies in the offices of treafurer or clerk until the next general meeting Treafurers, clerks, &c. when removed, &c. to deliver up all books Of accounts, on penalty of iool, QeiipraJ affembiks may audit and fettle accounts^ See, Treafurer’s ac-‘ Y y 4	counts

Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 102. [1792.

counts to be fettled every half year. General meetings or committees may make calls for money. General aflembly may remove committee men, and appoint others, and make bye laws. General aflemblies not to chufe committees, unlefs votes for two-thirds of the whole number of fhares are prefent. Proprietors not prefent at the next artembly after an adjournment, for want of a fufficient number of votes, to forfeit five fhillings. -No bufinefs to be done at any meeting of the committee, unlefs five members prefent. All queftions in the committee to be decided by a majority of votes, and the chairman to have a calling vote. Committee to keep books of accounts, Sec. Special meetings of proprietors may be called. Committees fubjeCt to the controul of general and fpecial afiemr blies. Proprietors to pay their fhares of the money called for at the place appointed. If any make default, the company may recover the fame by aCtion, and the defaulter to forfeit five pounds a {hare. But fhares not to be forfeited without perlonal notice. In cafe of death before fubfcrip-tion, executors may compleat the fame. In cafe of refufal,- or want of affets, the company may admit other perfons. Shares may be fold. No {hare to be fold after a call, until the money paid. Proof to be given of title to fhares acquired by marriage, or by will, or letters of adminiftra-tion. The clerk of the company to keep an account of the names of proprietors. Rates. For all iron flone, iron ore, lead ore, coals, culm, {tone coal, coaks, cinders, and charcoal, and lime (except for manure) and for tiles, bricks, lime (tone, flag ftones, and other ftone, two-pence halfpenny a ton, per mile. For all hay, ftraw, and corn in the ftraw, all materials for repairing roads, lime for manure, and all other manure, three halfpence a ton, per mile. And for all iron, lead, timber, and other goods, five-pence a ton, per mile. Rates to be paid for a full half mile, and for a full quarter of a ton. Veffels laden with hay, ftraw, or manure, &c. not to pafs locks, except when the water fhall flow over the wafte weir at fuch lock. Five pounds penalty on claiming exemptions from rates unlawfully. Tolls for horfes and cattle palling cm rail-ways. For horfes not laden or drawing, one penny, and for cattle, one halfpenny each. Collectors of fuch tolls to give tickets, and no horfe, See. to pay more than once a day. Fifty cubic feet of round, or forty cubic feet of fquare, oak, alh, elm or beech timber, and fifty cubic feet of fir, poplar, or birch, and fixty cubic feet of light goods, to be deemed a ton weight. The company to regulate the price of fmall parcels under 500 pounds weight. Rates, tolls, and duties, how to be recovered. Tolls not liable to taxes. Company to be rated to taxes in the fame proportion as adjoining lands. Matter of boats, &c. to give an account in writing of the goods on board to the collector of the tolls, on penalty of five pounds. In cafe of difpute, the collector may weigh boats, See. Navigation and rail-ways to be free, on payment of tolls. The company may vary the tolls. Amount of clear profits how to be afeertained. 5I. per cent, of the clear, profits to be inverted in government fecurities, as a fund for repairs, until the fame amount to i,oool. Commiflioners impowered to reduce certain tolls, when the profits are lot per centum, and when reduced to a certain fum, no further reduction to be made without content of the proprietors. The tolls on co?.ls to be firft reduced.. When by fuch reduction dividends are lefs than iqL per centum, the tolls may be raifed again. Canals and rail-ways to be meafured, and ftones fet up every half mile. Navigation not to be fubjeCt to commiflioners of fewers. The names of owners of boats, waggons, Sec. to be painted on the out-fide. Boats, waggons, Sec. may be gauged by the company. Owners of boats. Sec. anfwerable for damages done by fervants. Owners of boats, Sec. may recover from fervants what ftiall be paid for damages done by them. No waggons, &c. to pafs on rail-ways, unlefs conftruCt-ed, as directed by the company, except in crofting, Sec. Places to be made for boats to turn and pafs each other. Regulations for boats in parting the locks. To prevent lock keepers giving any preference to boats. Boats, Sec. under twenty tons, not to pafs locks but on certain conditions. Boats, See. obftruCting the navigation, to be removed. Boats funk, to be weighed. Five pounds penalty on perfons taking in or unloading goods, unlefs at a publick wharf. Five pounds penalty for leaving

open

Hosted by Google

1792.] Anno regni tricefimo fecundo Georgii III. c. 103.	683

open draw bridges, &c. Five pounds penalty for floating timber, overloading boats, or throwing ballaft into the canals. Five pounds penalty for opening locks, Sec. and wafting water, Sec. Perfons wilfully damaging canals, guilty of felony. Owners of mines and iron works, See. may make railways to the diftance of eight miles, in cafe the company refute.

Perfons may agree with the company for a rail-way or waggon-way.

Private perfons may make cuts to communicate with the canals, hut not without the confent of land owners. Breadth of fuch cuts to be twenty-fix yards ; or inclined planes may be made. Lords of manors may eredt wharfs on their own lands, but if they refufe, the company may eredithe fame. Regulations refpedling private wharfs. Rights of fifhery referved to lords of manors, &c. Remedy for damages not before provided for.

Lands taken and not ufed by the company, to be re-conveyed to the original owners, in cafe they think proper to become the purchafers thereof. To compel payment of fubferiptions. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Perfons talcing a diftrefs irregularly, not to be deemed trefpaff-ers, ab initio. Proceedings not to be quaihed for want of form. Appeal.

Limitation of adtions. General ifiue. Treble colts. Publick a£t.

cap. cm.

An a£t for the better paving, cleanfing, widening and regulating the ftreets, courts, roads, lanes, ways, rows, alleys, and publick paflages and places, within the town of Portfea, in the county of Southampton ; and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances and obftruc-tions within the faid town.

Adt 4 Geo. 3. c. 92. repealed. <f Portfmouth Common," to be called “ The Town of Portfea." All contradts made by truftees, and all rates.

Sec. under the repealed adt, to continue in force. Truftees appointed.

Truftees holding offices, or having any contradt, not to adt. Truftees being juftices for the borough of Portfmouth, may adt as fuch. Firft meeting of truftees to be June 26, 1792. No adjournment by lefs than feven. truftees. Power to call a fpecial meeting. Seven truftees neceflary to make or revoke orders. Truftees to bear their own expences. Books to be kept and figned by the clerk, and may be infpedted at meetings, &c,

A treafurer', clerk, colledtor and beadle to be appointed, who are to give fecurity, and account. Officers dying or becoming bankrupt, debts due from them are to be preferred. Boundaries of the town of Portfea, viz.

From the center of the road clofe to the gate leading from Portfmouth Common to the King’s Mill, called the Gun Wharf Gate, along the Mill Pond ; Mr. Legg’s dam, and from thence excluding the laid dam round the fide of the faid mill pond, to fir Thomas Ridge’s dam, and along the end of the faid dam, to the corner of the King’s land, and from thence in a level line to the old pound, called Kingwell Pound, and from thence clofe along by fir Thomas Ridge’s ftarch-houfe, to the Portfmouth turnpike road, thence acrofs the faid road to fir Thomas Ridge’s malt-houfe, and clofe along fir Thomas Ridge’s faid malthoufe and garden wall to the King’s land oppofite Kingwell Pound, and thence round on the eaftern fide of the King’s faid land to the fea, at the place called Flathoufe, to the low water mark there, and from thence to his Majefty’s dock yard, and round the faid dock yard clofe to the fea, to the fouthern boundary of the faid dock yard, and along the low water mark to his Majefty’s gim wharf, then up to the high water mark, clofe to his Majefty’s gun wharf, and from thence clofe along the wall of the faid gun wharf, on the fide next the land, excluding the faid gun wharf, to the centre of the road clofe to the gun wharf gate aforefaid. Truftees may ereeft bound ftones.

Truftees to have no power over any road, pavement, &c. within the dockyard, nor over the ordnance lands. Commiffioners of the navy may in-clofe the common hard, making another between the dock yard and gun wharf. The ordnance may inclofe the hard at the old buildings, making another hard between the dock yard and lime kiln. The property of the pavements, Sec. veiled in the truftees. Truftees may appoint a fcavenger to fweep foot and carriage ways, and take away the duft from houfes.

Truftees *

Hosted by Google

684 AntioregnitricefirnpfecundoGEORGriIIL c. 104—106. [1792.

Truftees may contrail for paving ftreets, See. The expences of paving to be paid by owners of houfes, lands, 8cc. Tenants to pay and recover from landlords. The expences of pavements not capable of being recovered of owners, to be defrayed out of the rates. The charges of fweeping the llreets, See. Officers falaries and obtaining this ail, Sec. to be paid out of the rates. Rate 3d. in the pound. Omiffions in the rates may be fupplied. Perfons aflefled negleiling to pay their portion of the rate within 31 days, to pay double. Truftees to maintain all parifh roads in the town of Portfea, Mutual exemption of the inhabitants of the parifh and town of Portfea, as to parifh roads. Truftees may repair roads not bdfore houfes, Sec. Truftees may regulate all figns, bulk windows, pallifades, fpouts, Sec. Truftees may caufe names of ftreets to be painted, and houfes numbered. Truftees may purchafe land, to widen ftreets. Bodies corporate, Sec. impowered to contrail for fale of houfes, Sec. The houfe called u The Plain” in North Street, to be taken down. Money belonging to corporations to be reinvefted. Annoyances by hog flies, Sec. to be removed. Necefiary houfes to be emptied between eleven of the clock at night and four in the morning. To prevent lifting afhes in the ftreet. Sec. No cattle to be killed or wander in the ftreets. No wheelbarrows to be driven on the foot pavements. Owners names to be put on carts, wheelbarrows. Sec. No carnage, except waggons, to be drawn with more than three horfes. After June 24, 1?9U waggons, carts, Sec. belonging to the ifland of Portfea, to have the fellies of wheels fix inches broad; No Carts, goods, Sec. to be left in the ftreet, on penalty of 5s. Five ihiHings penalty on chimnies being on fire. No cellar window to be left open by day nor by night without a light. Perfons may ere6l inclofures for bricks, morter, Sec. in building. Perfons wilfully damaging lamps, to forfeit not lefs than 40s. nor more than 10I. Juftices fees regulated. Con-ftablcs, Sec. to have no fee or reward. Collector, beadle, conftable, Sec. not doing their duty, to forfeit 40s Penalties how to be recovered. Information of offences to be given within three months. Inhabitants may be witneffes. Offenders convicted to pay the expence of fummons and con-vhftion All penalties may be mitigated by the juftices to one half. Truftees may borrow 600I. on the credit of the rates. When any part of the original debt is paid off, truftees may borrow more. Truftees not perfonally anfwcrable for contra6ls, Sec. Money expended by or recovered againft the truftees, to be paid out of the rates.. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble coils. Defendants may pay money into cojgrt. Truftees plaintiffs in any a&ion, on recovering, to be intitled to double cofts. No a<£tion to be brought againft the colkdlor of any rate that may be quafhed, Sec. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quafhtd for want of form. A faving of rights to the corporation of Portfmouth. Publick a61.

CAP. CIV.

An a6t for building a new gaol and houfe of corredtion for the town and county borough of Carmarthen, and for fupplying the f id town and county borough, and the liberties thereof with water ; and for paving, watching, lighting, clean ling and regulating the ftreets lanes, ways, roads and publick p-'flages, and for widening and making the fame more commodious ; and removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances and obftrudlions therein ; and for other purpofes.

C A P. CV.

An a6t for improving the navigation of the river Medway, from the town of Maidftone, through the feveral pariffies of Majdftone, Boxley, Allington and Aylestord in the county of Kent.

CAP. CVI.

An a<5l for making and maintaining a navigation From Sleaford Caftle Caufeway, through the town ot Sleaford, in the county of Lin oln, along the courfe of S(eafoi*d Mill Stream and Kyme Eau, to the river Witham, at or near Chapped Hill in the lame county, and for making necefiary cuts for better effecting the faid navigation.

'	CAP,

Hosted by Google

I7920 AnnoregaitricefimofecundoGEORGr.ilIII.c. 107—-no. 685 -CAP. CVII.

An ad for enlarging and improving the canal called Tatterfhal! Canal, from the river Witham to the town of Tatterfhall, and extending the fame into the river Bain, and for making the faid river Bain navigable from thence to or into the town of Horncaftle, all in the county of Lincoln ; and alfo for amending and rendering complete the navigable communication between the faid river Witham and the Fofdyke Canal, through the high bridge in the city of Lincoln.

CAP. CVIII.

An ad for dividing, allotting and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds, within the town or hamlet of March, in the manor and parifh of Dod-dington, in the ihe of Ely and county of Cambridge ; and for altering and amending an ad pafied in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for draining and preferving certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the townfhips or hamlets of March and Wimhlington, and in the parifti of Unwell, in the ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

CAP. C1X.

An ad for dividing, inclofing, draining, and improving the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the feveral townlhips or hamlets of Hefsle, Anlaby and Tranby, in the county of the town of Kingfton upon Hull; and for making a compenfation in lieu of tithe for certain ancient inclofed lands within the faid feveral townftups or hamlets, and alfo within the townfhip or hamlet of Wooferton, otherwife Wolfreton in the fame county.

C A P. CX.

An ad for dividing and inclofing certain parts of the common, moors or trads of wafte land, called Hexhamfhire, and Allendale Common, and alfo certain town fields within the regality or manor of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for ftinting the depafturing of the other parts of the faid commons, moors, or wafte land.

END OF VOL. XXXVII.

Hosted by Google

Hosted by Google

A N

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

T O T H E

THIRD PART OF THE XXXVIIth VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE}

Faffed in the thirty-fecond Year of the Reign of King George III,* in the Year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, being the fecond Seffion of the feventeenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the thirty-firft Day of January, one thoufand leven hundred and ninety-two, and ended by Prorogation on

the fifteenth Day of June in the

A.

Accountant General.

gEE Chancery. Chap. 42.

Addreffes by the Houfe of Commons.

26,043/. 3;. 3d. granted to make good the fame. Chap. 35.

Africa.

13,000/. granted for forts there. Chap. 35.

Alderfgate.

See Churches. Chap. 39.

Ale-houfes.'

See Licences. Chap. 59.

Allendale Common, Northumberland. SQt Inclofures. Chap. no.

Aldington, Kent.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 105.

fame Year.

America.

See Tea. Chap. 9.

10,329/. 15;. 4J. for prefents to

the inhabitants of the north weft

coaft of America. Chap. 35.

American Sufferers.

1.	224,787/. 75. 11^. for part of orders made out for the relief of A?nerican fufferers, purfuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. Chap. 35.

2.	60,205/. js. 6d. for the Came purpose, purfuant to 30 Geo. 3. c.

34.	Same a6L

3.	28,000/. granted to Thomas Cotton efquire, for relief of American fufferers. Same acSt.

Apprentices.

1.	For regulating parifh apprentices. Chap. 57.

2.	From July 1, 1792, covenants for the maintenance of parifh apprentices to continue in force no longer than three years after the death of the matter. Same a6t, f. 1.

3	Within three months after the

death

Hosted by

Google

688	App

death of a matter, twojuftices may order apprentices to ferve the refi-due of their terms with any relation, or executor, &c. of the de-ceafed matter, on application for that purpofe, and ail regulations on the death of the original maf-ter, to extend to fubfequent ones; and if no application be made, or the juftices fhould not think fit that the apprenticettiip fhould be continued, it lhall be at an end. Same act, C 2.

4* This ad to extend to fuch parifh apprentices only, as (hall be living with the matter; and juttices may order the neceflary fums, for the maintenance and cloathing of apprentices, to be levied by dif-trefs; and matters may affign over aprentices with confent of two juftices, and juttices may difcharge apprentices whofe matters cannot employer maintain them. Same ad, f, 6.

5.	This ad not to extend to apprentices with whom more than 5/. is given, and no indorfement on parifh indentures liable to ftamp duty. Same ad, f. 9.

6.	Juftices difcharging any appren-

tice under 20 Geo. 2. c. 19. may order his cloaths to be delivered, and 10/. to be paid to the parifh officers, for placing him out again, and may compel them to enter into recognizance to profecute matters for ill treatment of apprentices. Same ad, f. 11.	' .

7.	Juttices may order any matter convided under 20 Geo. 2. c. 19. when liable to take a parifh apprentice, to pay to the parifh officers not lefs than 5/. nor more than 10/. for the purpofe of binding Out the child, &c. and matters may appeal to the quarter feffions, and apprentices di(charged for ill behaviour, may be fent to the houie of corredion, and parties

Bar

aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffions. Same ad, f. 12.

Army.

See Land Forces. Chap. 35.

Afhton~under~lyne9 Lancajhire. See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 84.

Atcham, Shropfhire.

See Poor. Chap. 95,

AuRions and Auctioneers.

Audioneers giving notice of Tales agreeable to 19 Geo. 3. c. 56. fhall deliver declarations on oath whether the fales took place. Chap, in

See Whale Oil. Chap. 41.

Aylesford, Kent.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap.'105.

B.

Bahama IJlands.

4,180/. granted for the civil efta-blifhment there. Chap. 35.

See Sugar. Chap. 43.

Bain, River, Lincolnjhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 107.

Bank of Scotland.

See Scotland. Chap. 25.

Bark.

I.	Quercitron, or black oak bark, may be imported from any country not in Europe in cafks only, not lefs than one hundred and fifty pounds weight, though the price of oak bark may be under the prices men^

tioned

Hosted by Google

Bor

tioned in i2Geo.3»c.50. Chap.49.

2.	Red Mangrove bark in cafks not lefs than one hundred and fifty pounds weight, and Quercitron to pay a duty on importation of id. per hundred weight. Same ad.

Beer, Devonfhire.

See Harbours* Chap. 92.

Bermuda or Somers IJlands.

580/. granted for the falary of the chief juftice there. Chap. 35.

See Sugar. Chap. 43.

Berrington, Shropjhire.

See Poor. Chap. 95.

Bifkop .Wearmouth, Durham.

See Bridges. Chap. 90.

Bolton, Gm?/, Lancafhire.

See Paving. Chap. 71.

Bolton Moore, Lancafhire.

See Inch fur es. Chap. 71.

Bonds.

See Coaft Trade. Chap. 50.

Street^ New and Old.

See Coaches. Chap. 62.

Booth^ Jofeph.

For more effectually fecuring to JoJepb Booth and the publick, the benefit of a certain invention or difco-very. Chap. 73.

Bojlon, Uncolnjhire.

See Harbours. Chap. 79. SecPtf-z;-Chap. 80.

Bor wick) Lancafhire.

See Canalst Navigable. Chap. 101.

689

Bounties.

See Sugar. Chap. 43.

Boxley, Kent.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 105.

Breton, C^«f.

1,800/. granted for the civil efta-bKhment there. Chap. 35.

Brewers.

See	Chap. 6.

No brewer to fell beer in lefs quantity than a whole cafk containing four gallons and a half, on penalty of 50/. Chap. 8.

Bride Street, London.

See Churches. Chap. 64.

Bridges.

1.	For building a bridge over the'river	£/£,	near the town of

Montrofin the county of Forfar, and for making fuitable approaches thereto. Chap. 38.

2.	The like acrofs the river Wear, from the fhore in the parish of Bi/hop Wear mouth in Durham, to the op-pollte (hore in the parUh of Monk Wearmouth, in the faid county. Chap. 90.

3.	The like at the ferry over the river Thames, from Whitchurch in Oxfordjhire to Pankbourn in Berk-/hire. Chap. 97.

Bridgnorth) Shropjhire.

See Churches. Chap. 30.

Briftol, City of.

Set Goods^ Chap. 82.

Brcadftairs, j&#/.

See Harbours. Chap. 86.

Bruntifand) Scotland.

See Scotland. Chap. 93.

Canada,

Hosted by Google

Can

c.

Canada, Upper.

6,565/. ys. granted for the civil

cftablifhment there. Chap. 35.

Canals, Navigable.

1.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Wyrley Bank, in Staffordfbire \ to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Faze ley Canal, near Wolverhampton ^ in the faid county and collateral cuts. Chap. 81.

2.	The like from the foot of Coombe Hill, in the parifh of Leigh in Gloucefterjhire, to join the. river Severn, near a place called Fifher's otherwife Fletcher's Leap, in the parifh of Deerhurft, in the faid county. Chap. 83.

3.	For making a navigable canal from Manchejler to AJhton-under-lyne, and Oldham in Lancajhire* Chap. 84.

4.	For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Cromford Canal in Nottinghamjhire, to the town of Nottingham, and to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and collateral cuts. Chap. 100.

5.	The like from	Kendall in

Westmorland^ to Wejl Houghton in Lancajhire, and alfo a navigable branch from the faid canal at Bor-wick to Warton Craggy and from Gale Mofs, by Charley, to Duxbury

' in the laid county of LancaJJer. Chap. 101.

6-. The like from Pontnewynydd into the river Ufk, near the town of Newport, and a collateral cut from the fame, at a place called Cryndau Farm to Crumlin Bridge, all in Monmoutljl.nre; and for making and maintaining railways or ftone roads to -fever*! iron works and

Can

mines in Monmouthjhire and Brtck* nockjhire. Chap. 102.

7.	For making and maintaining a navigation from Sleaford Cajlle Caujhvay, through the town of Sleaford in LincolnJJAre, along the courfe of Sleaford Mill Stream and

- Kyme Eau, to the river Witham at Chappel Hilly in the faid county. Chap. 106.

8.	For enlarging and improving the canal called Tatter/ball Canal, from the river Witham, to the town of Tatterfhall; and extending the fame into the river Bain> and for making the faid river Bain navigable from thence to Horncaflky all in the county of Lincoln; and alfo for amending and rendering complete the navigable communication between the faid river Witham and the Fojdike Canal, through the High Bridge in the city of Lincoln. Chap. 107.

Candles.

1.	From March 25, 1792, one halfpenny per pound of the duty and drawback on candles, by 27 Geo.

3.	c. 13. to ceafe. Chap. 7.

2.	One halfpenny per pound on candles to be allowed for the flock in hand on March 26, 1792, but no allowance, unlefs notice given before March 25, 1792, of the quantity, &c. Same adt, f. 2.

3.	Excife officers between five in the morning and feven in the evening oi March 26, 1792, may take an account of ffock, and if found Jefs than contained in the notice, the dealer to forfeit the allowance, and 50/. penalty forobftruciing officers, and dealers to provide fcales and weights, on penalty of 50/. Same a<5t, f. 4.

4.	Officers to give to the party in-titled to the allowance a certificate of the amount, &c. which is to be produced after fix weeks, and before three months from the time

of

Hosted by Google

Cha

t>f their beihg granted, and the allowance to be paid by the com-miftioners or collectors of excife. Same a61, f. 6.

Canvey Ijland, EJfex.

For embanking, draining and improving the (aid iiland. Chap. 3f.

Carlton Greats Lincolnjhire.

See DrainingChap. 91.

Carmarthen.

SzzPaving. Chap. 104. Sez Gaols. Chap. 104.

Carts and Carriages.

See Waggons. Chap. 4.

Chancery.

1.	300,000/. unemployed in the bank, belonging to the fuitors, may be placed out on government fe-

' cutities, and the intereft and dividends ro be received by the bank, and applied as follows.

To the accountant general’s £.

fifth clerk pej; annum -	120

To his fixth cserk -	120

To his Seventh clerk	-	100

- Additional falarv to his ftrft

clerk -	-	100

To his fecond clerk	-	140

To his third clerk	-	So

To his fourth clerk	-	40

And the expences of this a61 to be paid, and 30,00c/. may be applied in purchafing ground, and building offices for the mafters and the Secretaries of bankrupts and Junatlcks, and for repofitories for their deeds, papers, &c. Chap. 42.

2,	By order of the court of chancery, ' offices for the mafters and the fe«

cretaries of bankrupts and iuna-ticks, &c. may beereded and kept ‘ in repair. Same a61, f. 4.

Vol. XXXVII.

Chu	691

3.	Mafters in chancery to be .aflefled to the land tax, in the liberty of the rolls. Same a6f, f. 6.

4.	As foon as 21,295/.- 135. 2d. to be paid purfuant to 17 Geo. 3. c. 59. fhall be replaced, the fecurities purchafed under former ads, and to be purchafed under this a6f, to make one aggregate fund, and the furplus intereft to be placed out on government fecurities, and applied to anfwer the demands of fuitors, if neceftary ; but fecurities may be changed, and the money placed out under this or former a6Is, if wanted to anfwer demands of fuitors, fhall be called in. Same adf, f. 9.

Churches.

1.	For taking down the church, chancel and tower, belonging to the pari(h of Saint Mary Magdalen in Bridgenorth, in the county of Salop, and for rebuilding the lame, and enlarging the burial ground there. Chap. 30.

2.	To enable the inhabitants of the parifh of Saint Botolph, without Aid erf gate, in the city of London, to raile money for paying and dif-charging the debts that have been contraded in repairing their parifh church, and building a new work-

, houfe. Chap. 39*

3.	For repairing, altering and improving, the parifn church of Saint Bridget, other wife Saint Bride, in the city of London ; and for providing a workhoufe for the lame parifh. Chap. 64.

4.	For providing an additional burying ground for the pari fin of Saint Pane fas, in the county of Middle* fex\ and for fnutting up the pre-fent foot path leading through the church yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof. Chap, 66.

5.	For building a new church or chapel in the town and parifh of

Z z	Liverpooly

Hosted by Google

692	Coa

Liverpool, in Lancajhire. Chap, 76.

6.	To enable the dean and chapter of Hereford, to rebuild the weft end of the cathedral church of Hereford, and to repair other parts thereof. Chap 87.

7.	For rebuilding the chapel, and enlarging the chapel yard of Lane

x End, in the parifh of Stoke upon "Trent, in Staffordflnre. Chap. 88.

8.	For building a new church or chapel in Leeds, in Yorkfhire. Chap. 89.

Cifencejler, Gloucejlerfhire.

See Debts, Small. Chap. 77.

Coaches.

1.	Hackney coachmen to go ten miles from London, if time to return before fun-fet, or the fare undertakes to return in the coach, and at any hour of the night to go upon all lighted turnpike roads within two miles and an half of the ftones end, and perfons hiring coaches after fun-fet, to go beyond the ftones end, to pay (ix-penCe for every half mile, that fuch coachman (ball have to return to the pavements, unlefs the fare (hall return. Chap. 47.

2.	No hackney coach to ply for hire in New or Old Bond Street, on penalty of not more than forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings. Chap. 62.

Coajl Trade.

1.	For relief of the coaft trade of Great Britain. Chap. 50.

2- Goods may be conveyed to open fea, from one port to another in Great Britain, without . cocquets or bond, fubjedt to the regulations of this adt, but goods prohibited to be exported, &c. not to be carried coaftwife without cocquet and bond. Same act.

Cot

3.	Goods allowed to be carried coaftwife, without cocquet and bond, may be (hipped by fuffer-ance, and carried to open fea by tranfire, and no goods (hipped in Scotland by fufferance, to be removed without the fame, and a certificate of the (Hipping officer. Same adt, f. 2.

4.	50/. penalty on mafters of veflels proceeding with goods coaftwife, without a cocquet or fufferance, and goods brought into Great Britain by cocquet, &c. forfeited, if unfhipped before delivery of the cocquet to the officer, and perfons counterfeiting fufferances, cocquets, &c. to forfeit 200/. Same act, f. 4.

5.	If goods (hipped to be carried coaftwife (hall exceed the quantity expreffed in the cocquet, &c. the excefs to be forfeited, unlefs by miftake, and without intention of fraud. Same adt, f. 7.

6.	No veffel to be permitted to clear out coaftwife until the mafter enters into bond, or a certificate produced of fecurity having been before given, and bonds not liable to (lamp duty, and no bond for difcharging goods carried coaftwife chargeable with (lamp duty. Same ad!, f. 9.

7.	So much of adl 5 Geo. 3. c. 39. as relates to the ifle of Alan bond, repealed. Same adt, f. 12.

See Coajl Trade. Chap. 50.

Coffee.

See Sugar. Chap. 43*

Coin.

1.	9,819/. 18;. 7^. for the extraordinary expences of the Mint, in 1791. Chap. 35.

2.	707/. 3;. 8d. for profecuting of-

fenders

Hosted by Google

Cor

fenders againft the coin laws. Same a£h

CommiJJioners for Reduction of the National Debt.

See National Debt. Chap. 55.

Confolidated Fund.

1.	'2,300,000/. granted out of the confolidated fund, applied by the appropriation a6t, for the fervice of the prefent year. Chap. 35.

2.	155,495/. 19;. oId. furplusotthe confolidated fund January 5,1792, to be ilTued towards the fupply of the prefent year. Same adt.

3.	436,107/. jij. 2d. furplus April 5, 1792, t0 he iffued for the fame purpofe. Same a61.

Convibls.

1.	6,401/. 45. 8iflued to the re-

prefentatives of Henry and James Bradley, for conv!6ts in Langflone and Portfmouth harbours. Chap. 35*

2.	17,023/. 17s. 2d. iflued to Duncan Campbell, efq; for convidts on the river'Thames. Same a6t.

3.	Convicts difcharged from prifon, and perfons acquitted at the alfizes or feffions, may be conveyed by pafies. Chap. 45.

Coombe Hill, Glouceflerjhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 83.

Corn.

Corn, &c. brought coaftwife, to Grangemouth or Greenock, &c. in Scotland, may be conveyed by the Forth and Clyde navigation in lighters to any port in the laid canal, &c. under regulations. Chap. 50. f. 13.

Corporations.

See Quo Warranto. . Chap. 58.

Cnf	693

Q/?/, Full.

See Bridges. Chap. 38.

Coflsy Double.

1.	See Gaols. Chap. 82.

2.	See Inclofures. Chap. 71.

3.	See Paving. Chap. 71.

Cofls, Treble ^

1.	See Bridges. Chap. 90. 97.

2.	See Canals, Navigable. Chap. Sr*

83, 84. 100.

3. See Candey,	<?/.- Chap.	31.

4. See Churches. Chap. 30. 39. 64*

66.

5.	See Coaches. Chap. 47.

6.	See Coojl Trade. Chap. 50.

7.	See Debts, Small. Chap. 77.

8.	See Gaols. Chap. 82.

9.	See Harbours. Chap. 74. 86. 92*

10.	See Inclofures. Chap. 71.

11.	Sec Licences. Chap. 59.

12.	See Lottery. Chap. 28.

13.	See Newfoundland. Chap. 46.

14.	See Paving. Chap. 69. 71. 78. 80.

15.	See Poor. Chap. 20. 70. 85.

Ci-wft mi IJle of Wight.

See Horfes. Chap. 32. See Stop.* Chap. 32.

’ Creffage, Shropfhire.

See Poor. Chap. 95.

Crumlin Bridge, Monmouthfhire. See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 102.

Shropfhire.

See Poor. Chap*. 95.

Cuftoms S

1.	Officers of the cuftoms to caufe printed, painted or ftained paper imported to be marked,, and the commiffioners of the cuftoms to provide frames and ftamps to mark Z z 2	every

Hosted by Google

694 JD	dm

every piece of paper imported, and 100/. penalty for counterfeiting frames, ftamps, &c. and 50/, penalty for cutting out frame mark?, or affixing frame marks that have been ufed. Chap. 54.

2.	Commiffiohers of the cuftoms or juftices, may. authorife an officer of the cuftoms or excife with the affiftance of a peace officer to fearch fufpe<5led places, in the day time ; and any paper found unjlamped to be forfeited, and 50/. penalty for obftrudding officers. Same a£l,

r. 4.

3.	Foreign printed, &c. paper without the frame mark, Sic. may be ieized, and the poffeffor to forfeit 50/. and this adl to commence Augufl i, 1792. Same a&, f. 6.

D.

Debts, Small.

FOR the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts in the hundreds of Cirencejler, Crowthorne and Minty, BrightwelTs Barrow, Rapfgate, Bradley, Biftey and Longtree, commonly called "The Seven Hundreds of Cirencejler in Gloucejlerfbire. Chap. 77-

Deerhurjl, Glouceflerfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 83.

.Deify.

See Paving. Chap. 78.

Doddington, Camlridgejhire.

See Inclofures. Chap. 108.

Dominica, Ifiandof*

1.	600/. granted to the chief juftice there. Chap. 35.

2.	27. Geo. 3, c, 27. for allow-

ing theimportation and exportation

of certain goods, &c. in the port of Rofeaujm the iHand of Dominica, made perpetual. Chap. 37.

. Doverr Kent.

See Pilots. Chap. 36.

Draining.

For more effectually draining and

preferving certain low lands in the

pavifh of Great Carlton, Lin coin[hire.

Chap 91.

Drawbacks.

See Sugar. Chap. 43.

• Dux bury, Lancafhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. ioi.

EatonCcnjianiine,	,

(^EE Posr. Chap. 95. .

Edinburghfliire.

See	Scotland.Chap.	93.

Ely,IJle

Sec Inclofures. Chap. IQS'.

Exchequer Billsv

1.	The treafury empowered to raife 3,500,000/. by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year

1792.	Chap. 15.

2.	2,000,coo/, more for the fame year. Chap. 16.

3.	2,300,000/. more on the credit of the confolidated fund. Chap. 35.

4.	3,500,000/. granted to pay off exchequer bills, for the year f79.1. Same a£f.

5.	2,000,00c/. more for the fame purpofe. Same a eh ,

, 6. 100,pep/. to difcharge exchequer tills made out for the cxpences of augmen-

Hosted by Google

Exc

augmentation of the forces in 1790. Same a<ft.

7.	Duplicates of exchequer bills loft or burnt, may be made out on affidavits before the barons of the exchequer of fuch lofs, prior to the firft of Oftober, 1792. Same a 6K

Excife.

1.	From July 5, 1792, if any perfon again# whom a body warrant is iftued, fliaJI remove out of the ju-rifdiction where granted, it may be indorfed. by the commiffioners of excife, or any juftice of the peace of the place where the offender fhall be, and no acftion to be brought againft any perfon who indorfes fuch warrants. Chap. 10.

2.	Acfts 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. 17 Geo.

3.	c. 52. and 24 Geo. 3. fetT. 2. c. 48. from July 5, 1792, with relation to the makers of hard foap, fo far as the fame extend to finding wooden covers to coppers, &c. to extend to all foap makers. Chap. 21.

3.	For amending the laws of excife relating to the manufactory of flint glafs. Chap. 40.

4.	Makers of flint glafs allowed three hours, after the time fpecified in the notice, for beginning to fill pots with materials. Same act.

5.	One fourth of the metal fpecified in the notice, to be put into pots within fix hours after beginning to charge, on penalty of 50/. Same act, f. 2.

6.	One hour’s notice of unflopping pots to be given to the excife officer, on penalty of 50/. and if not begun to be unftopped purfuant to notice, frefh notice muft be given, but the penalty not to extend to unftopping pots which crack or break, nor to unftopping them within thirty fix-hours from the time of beginning to charge them, Ssune aft. ft 3,

Fijh	695

7.	On giving fix hours notice, forty pounds weight of metal which has paid the duty may be put into a new pot, in the prefence of an officer, for the purpofe ofglazing.it, and on like notice, ten pounds weight of unftained metal may be ufed for the purpofe of cleanfing any ftained gJafspot. Sameacft, f. 7.

8.	Powers of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. to. extend to this adf, and this acft to commence July 5, 1792. Same acft, f. io.

F.

Fifefhire.

gEE Scotland. Chap. 93.

Fifh and Fijhery.

1.	A6t 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. for the encouragement of the Greenland fishery, and fo much of 29 Geo.

3.	c. 53. as relates to fifhing in the Greenland Seas and Davis's

. Sir eight j, continued to December 25, 1798, except where altered by this a£t. Chap. 22.

2.	The following bounties to be paid inftead of thofe fpecified in the above acfts, viz.

Every ftiip going to and returning from the faid fifhery between December 25, 1792, and December 25, 1795, per ton -	150

The like between Decern-ber 25, 1795, and December 25, 1798, per ton. -	100

Same a<ft, ft 2?

3.	Every (hip having on board one apprentice from twelye to twenty years old, for every fifty tons burthen, intitled to the bounty. Same a6t, f. 3.

4.	Any produce of creatures caught in the ocean by Britijb fubjedts ufually refiding in Great Britain,

Z z 3	&c.

Hosted byCjOO^lC

696	Gao

&c. msy be imported duty free, under certain regulations. Same adt, iV 4.	•	;	''

5.	Harpooners, &'fc. belonging to the Greenland fifhery not to be im-preffed, and may fail in the colliery trade, and feamen entered for Greenland (hips not to be imprefled. Same adt, f. 5.

6.	No whale boat liable to feifure on account of her conftrudtion, if employed in the fifhery only. Same adt, f. 6.

7.	Apprentices, vvhofe time expires during a voyage, to be confidered as fuch to the end of it, and no perfon deemed a legal apprentice, if bound after pafiing this adf, except a fubjedt of his Majefty. Same adt, f. 7,

8.	For regulating and improving the falmon fifheries in the river Nitk in the ccrunty of Dumfries, Chap, 94»

Flint Glafs,

See Exrife, Chap, 46. •

Frith of Forth.

See Scotland. Chap. 93,

G.

Galt' Mofs, Lancafhire«

jgEE Canals, Navigable, Chap. 10r.

Gaols.

j. For building a new gaol, a penitentiary houfe, and houfe of cor-rediion, within the city of Briftol, and for regulating, maintaining and fupporting the fame, and for

? ciifpofing of the pfefent common gaol in Brijlol, Chap. 82.

£. For building a new gaol and houfe pf cprredtioh for the town and county borough of Carmarthen„ Chap, 104/' ‘ " v" ^ V' i’ "" ' '

Har

General IJfue

May be pleaded by defendants acting under any of the adls after mentioned, and the whole matter given in evidence, viz.

1.	See Bridges. Chap. 90. 97.,

2.	See Canals, Navigable, Chap. 81.

• 83, 84. 100.

3.	See Candey, Ijland of Chap. 31.

4.	See Coaches, Chap. 47,

5.	Seefioafl Trade, Chap. 50.

6.	See Churches, Chap. 30. 39. 64.

66.

7.	Set Debts, Small, Chap, 77.

8.	See Gaols. Chap. 82.

9.	See Harbours. Chap. 74. $6. 92.

10.	See Inchfures. Chap. 71.

11.	See Licences, Chap. 59.

12.	See Lottery, Chap. 28.

13.	See Newfoundland. Chap. 46.

14.	See Newfpapers, Chap. 61.

15.	See PavingChap. 69. 71. 78. 80.

16.	See Poor, Chap. 20. 70. 85.

Glafs, .

See Ex rife, Ch a p.. 40.

Grants of Parliament,

436,990/. 185. old. for deficiency of grants for the year 1791. Chap. 35.

Grenada, Ijland of,

Adt 27 Geo. 3. c. 27. for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, &c. in the .port of Saint George, in the ifland of Grenada, made perpetual. Chap. 37.

H.

Harbours.

I.	T70R the maintenance and im-JP provement of the harbour of Ramfgate in Kent, and, for clcapf-ing, amending and preferring the

havep

Hosted by Google

Hor

haven of Sandwich, in the fame county. Chap. 74.

2.	For further enlarging and improving the harbour of Whitehaven in Cumberland. Chap. 75.

3.	For amending ad 16 Geo. 3. c.

23.	relating to the harbour of BoJ-ton, in Lincplnfhire, and for regulating the mooring of fhips there. Chap. 79.

4.	For repairing or rebuilding the

pier adjoining to the harbour of Broadftairs> in the itie of Thanet, in	and	for	better	preferving

the harbour, and for removing and preventing obftrudions, nuifances and annoyances, and regulating the mooring of (hips and veflels in the faid harbour. Chap. 86.

5.	For making a harbour in the cove of Beer, in Devonjhire. Chap. 92.

Haflings, Warren, Efquire.

6,347/. in. 6d. for the expences of his trial. Chap. 35.

Henley, Shropfhire.

See Pwr. Chap. 95,

Hereford, Cathedral.

See Churches. Chap. 87.

Hexham, Northumberland.

See Inclofures. Chap. no.

Horncajlle, Lincolnfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 107,

Horfes.

After jWy 5, 1792, horfes not exceeding fix in one vefi'el, and any number of cattle ((beep and lambs excepted) may be conveyed between Cowes and Southampton and Portf-mouth, with fufferance, and officers of the cuftoms in the ifle of Wight, tpay grant fufferances. Chap. 32.

Inc	697

Hoff it als.

For appointing commifiloners to fell a certain unfinifhed building at Taunton in the county, of Somerfet, intended for a publick hofpital or infirmary, and of a piece of ground belonging thereto, in cafe a fuffici-ent fum of money (hall not be railed by fubfcription within a limited time, for finilhing the faid building, and paying the money due on account thereof. Chap. 98.

Houfes and Windows.

From ^r/7 5, 1792, no houfe containing lefs than feven windows, to be charged with the duties of three (hillings, and one (hilling im-pofed by ad 6 Geo. 3. c. 38. but not to extend to inns of court or colleges. Chap. 2.

Hydrometer.

So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as directs that all fpirits (ball be deemed of the flrength denoted by Clark's hydrometer, continued to the end of the next feffion of parliament. Chap. 36.

1.

Jamaica, IJland of

\ CT 27 Geo. 3. c. 27. for allow-JTx ing the importation and exportation of certain goods in feveral ports in the iiland of Jamaica made perpetual. Chap. 37.

Inclofures.

It For inclofing, dividing, and allotting a certain common or wafte ground, called Bolton Moor, in the townfhip of Great Bolton, in the county of Lancajler. Chap. 71.

2.	For dividing, allotting3 and in.clof-Z £ 4	ing

Hosted by Google

698 .	Juf

ingthe commons and waftegrounds, within the town or hamlet of March, in the manor and parifh oiDoading-ton, in the ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge; and for altering and amending ad 30 Geo. 2. c. 36. for draining and preferving certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the townfhips of March, and IVimblington, and parifh of Upivell, in the ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge. Chap. 108.

3.	For dividing, inclofing, draining, and improving the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wade grounds in the townfhips of *.He file, Anlaby and Tranby in the county of tire town of Kingjlon upon Hull\ and making a compenfation in lieu of tithe for certain ancient jnclofed lands .in the faid town-Ihips, and alfo in the townfhip of Wcofertcn, otfierwife Wolf ret on, in the faid county. Chap. 109.

4.	For dividing and inclofing certain parts of the commons, moors, or trails of tvafte land called Rtxham~ fire and Allendale common, and ajfo certain town fields within the

' regality or manor of Hexham in Northumberland^ and for dinting the depafturing of other parts of the faid commons, moors, or wade land* Chap. no.

Informations.

See Quo Warranto. Chap0 ^8.

John, St. IJland of.

2,020/. granted for the civil efta-bl Kliment of the ill and of Saint John, in America. Chap. 35.

Ireland.

>/

polls, in Middhfex arid Surrey, to be ellabliihed ; and appoint three juf-iices at each, who are to attend from 10 in the morning until 8 in the evening. Chap. 53.

2.	After the edablilhmetn of the offices^ no fees to be taken except at them, by a jullice for Middlefex, &c. on penalty of 100/. but not to extend to fees for hcenfing alc-houfes by 26 Geo. 2. c. 31. or the publick office in Bowjlreet. Same ad, f. 1.

3.	Accounts of fees, &c*. taken at the feven offices, to be delivered monthly to the receiver, and the amount paid to him, and all penalties (except to informers or parties grieved), recovered at the pubhek offices, to be paid to the receiver; but if not duly accounted for, he may fue for the fame in any court of record at JVejlminJter, and the receiver for the time being may fue for money in the hands cf de-ceafed receivers, and recover from executors, &c. Same a<51, f. 4.

4.	Ju.dices to have a faiarv of 400/. a year each, and the whole annual expence of each office not to exceed 2,coo/, and a receiver to be appointcot by his Majefty, who is to pay all penalties and forfeitures into the receipt of the exchequer, and apply the refidue of fees fur the expences, &c, of the offices, and the receiver to render accounts to the treafury t wice, a year, and to have 5/. per cent, on all money received ; and if the money to be applied inxdifcharge of fabrics, and expences of the feven offices fhouJd be inefficient, the deficiency to be fupplied out of the cofolidated fund. Same ad, f. 8.

5.	The King in council may alter the fituatioo of the offices; and juftices appoinfed!by this ad, incapable of being members of parliament; and no juffice, receiver, pr conlfeble tp vote for members

See Ti<7. Chap. 9. See Seamen* Ch^p. 67.

Juftices of the Peace.

The King may caufe feven pub-lick offices^ ip or near the oaetrq-

Hosted by Google

Kir

of parliament in Middlefex, Surrey, PVeftmi'rjler, or Southwark, under penalty of ioo/. Same ad, t u,

6,	Juftices to appoint fix conllables at each office, and the receiver to pay them 1is. a week. Same ad, f. 15.

7,	Conllables may apprehend any fufpicious perfon, and convey him before a juftice, and if it fhall appear upon oath, that he is a per-fon of evil fame and a reputed thief, he fhall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the meaning of ad 17 Geo. 2. c. 5. and perfons thinking themfelves aggrieved may appeal to quarter feffions, but punifh-ment not to exceed imprifonment to hard labour for fix months, and this ad not to deprive the mayor and aldermen of London of their jurifeiidion in the city or South-work, and this ad to continue to June 1, 1795. Same ad, f. 17.

K.

Keelmen.

SEE Skippers and Keelmen. Chap. 29.

Kingy Queen and Royal Family.

The King may grant an annuity of 18,000/. to the duke and duchefs of York, from July 1, 1791, atid'an annuity of 8,000/. to the duchefs, to commence from the death of the duke, payable out of the confolidated fund. Chap. 13.

Kinghorn, Scotland.

See Scotland. Chap. 93.

Kingfton upon Hull.

See Inciofures. Chap. 109,	.,k

Kirkly Kendal, Wejlmorland.

.See Canalsy Navigable, Chap. 101.

699

_■ L.

Forces. '

1.	1,8x4,800/. 4^ granted for the land forces in the year 1792, viz. 285,064/. 1is. 9^. for 17,013 effective men, officers, &e. in Graz/ Britain, from December 25,1791, to

24,	1792. Chap. 35.

2.	275,140/. iqx. 3Z for 15,701 effective men, officers, &c. from June 25, to December 24, 1792. Same ad.

3.	170,193/. 9*. 6d. for forces in the plantations, &c. from December 25, 1791, to June 24,1792/ Same adt. .

4.	149,294/. 131. 5i. for forces in the plantations, &c. from June 25, to December 24, 1792. Same aCt.

5.	4,250/. 12s. 8<Z difference between Britijh and Irijh eftablifoments, of feven battalions ferving in North Americay and the IVeft Indies, from December 25, 1791, to June 24, 1792. Same ad.

6.	2,903/. 4;. 7d. for the like purpofe, from jfa#* 24, to December 24,1792. Same ad.

7.	8,345/.	2Z for regiments

ferving in the Baft Indies for 1792. Same ad.

8.	98,037/. 15;.^ for recruiting land forces and contingencies. Same ad.

9.	15,064/. 1 ix. for fupernumerary officers. Same ad.

10.	6,427/. 6d. for general and ftaff officers in Great Britain. Same ad.

11.	52,338/. 5s. id. to the paymafter general, fecretary at war, See. Same ad.

12.	159*797/* I0;# for reduced officers of land forces and marines. Same ad,

13.	202/. 1 ox. for reduced officers, &c. of the horfe guards. Same ad.

14.	3,16^/. xojTod. for officers late

*	'	'....... '	■	W

Hosted by Google

700	Lib

in the fervice of the dates general. Same ad.

15.	55,092/. 105. for reduced officers of the Britifb American forces, and 4,907/. 105. for allowances to them. Same ad.

16.	173,104/. 35.11 d. for Cbelfea hof-pita). Same ad.

17.	9,381/. 135. 10d. for widows pen-fions. Same ad.

18.	1,785/. for garrifon officers, &c. in 1791. Same ad.

19.	340,306/. 85. for extraordinaries in the army for 1791. Same ad.

Land Tax.

1.	Land tax for 1792, to be 45. in the pound. Chap. 5.

2.	For redifying miftakes in the names of feveral of the commif-fioners for executing the land tax ad, and for appointing others, and indemnifying thofe perfons who aded as commiffioners, for executing the land tax ad of laft year. Chap. 23.

Lane End, Staffordfhire*

See Churches. Chap. 88.

Leeds, Torkjhire.

See Churches. Chap. 89.

Leigh, Gloucejler/hire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 83.

*

Leighton, S hr of/hire.

See Poor. Chap. 95.

Leith^ Scotland.

See Scotland. Chap* 93.

Levant Seas.

See Turley Company. Chap. 65.

Libel.

On the trial of an indidment for

a

Lie

a libel, the jury may give a general verdid upon the whole matter put in ifiue, and (ball not be required by the court to find the defendant guilty, merely on proof of the publication, and of the fenfe aferibed to it in the information; but the court fhall give their opinion and diredion on the matter in iflue, as in other criminal cafes, and the jury may find a fpecial verdid, but defendants may move in arreft of judgement as before the pairing of this ad. Chap. 60-

Licences.

1.	The third fedion of 26 Geo. 2. c. 31. and 23 and 24 fedions of 29 Geo. 2. c. 12. repealed fo far as to England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed. Chap. 59.

2.	From July 31, 1792, if alehoufe keepers, &c. die or remove before the expiration of their licences, new ones may be granted to executors or new tenants, until the next licenfing day •, and certificates and recognizances required by this ad, to be fent to the clerk of the peace to be recorded. Same ad, f. 1.

3.	In Middlefex and Surrey, the justices at the general licenfing meetings to appoint eight fpecial ones in the year, at which they may grajit to licenfed perfons removing, &c. producing certificates, a continuance of licences, but no new licences to be granted at the petty feffions, to houfes not licenfed at the general licenfing day, and the times of granting licences not altered by this ad, nor perfons not licenfed the year preceding, obliged to produce certificates in London. Same ad, f. 4.

4.	Perfons entering into licenfed houfes without the authority of the juftices, liable to penalties by 5Geo.

3.	c. 46. and perfons obtaining the neceffary certificates indemnified pntil the petty feffions, and the

Hosted by Google

Lot

clerk of the peace to record the continuance of licences, See. Same a6f, f. 6.

5.	From Oftoler 10, 1792, noperfon to fell wine by retail, to be drawn in his houfe, without having a beer licence; and juftices to have the fame jurifdi&ion over fuch retailers

! of wine, as they have over fellers of beer. Same f 9.

6.	This a61 not to extend to the vintners company of Landon, or any perfon licenfed by the two universities, or any perfon who (hall keep one of the three wine taverns in Saint Albans, but freemen of the vintners company by redemption, after Oftober 10,1792, not exempted from this a6t. Same a<5t, f. 11.

Limitation of A Elions.

1.	See Bridges. Chap. 38. 90. 97.

2.	See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 81, 83. 84. 100.

3.	See Candey, IJland of. Chap. 31.

4.	See Coafl Trade. Chap. 50.

5.	See Churches. Chap. 30. 39. 64. 66.

6.	See Debts, Small. -Chap. 77.

7.	See GWj. Chap. 82.

8.	See Harbours. Chap. 74. 86. 92.

9.	See Inclofares. Chap. 71.

10.	See Newfoundland. Chap. 46.

11.	See Paving. Chap. 69. 71. 78. 80.

12.	See Poor. Chap, 20. 70. 85.

Liverpool, Lancafhire.

See Churches. Chap. 76.

Lotteries.

1.	812,506/. to be raifed by a lottery, tickets at 16/. 5;. each,and 500,000/. to be paid for prizes on June 28,

1793.	Chap. 28.

2.	Duplicates of lottery tickets loft or burnt, may be made out on affidavit before the barons of the

Mat	701

exchequer of fuch lofs prior to Oftober 1, 1793.. Chap. 35.

3.	Printers, proprietors and editors of newfpapers indemnified for penalties incurred before July 2, 1792, by 8 Geo. 1. c. 2.—12 Geo. 2. c. 28.—22 Geo. 3. c. 47. and 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. refpe&ing pub-blifhing plans and propofals depending upon the lottery. Chap.

61.

M.

Maidjlone, Kent.

SEE Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 105.

Malt.

1. A61 31 Geo. 3. c. 2. repealed, and from April 25, 1792, the duties thereby impofed to ceafe. Chap. 6. 2. Allowances by this a£t to brewers to ceafe after April 1, 1792. Same a 61.

3.	Maltfters for all dry unground malt in flock, between April 1 and April 6, 1792, to have the following allowances, viz. 3d. per bufhel in England, and 1 ±d. in Scotland. Same a6l, f. 3.

4.	Between April 1, and April 6, 1792, excife officers, may in the daytime enter any place where malt is depofited, and 100I. penalty for obftru&ing officers. Same a6i, f. 7.

5.	The duty not to be paid for corn in operation, when the account of unground malt is taken, if kept feparate until April 6, 1792, and the officer to give a certificate of the amount of the allowance, &Co Same a6f, f. 8.

<?. Within 20 days before April 2, 1792, notice of (hipping malt intended to be carried coaftwife, tq be given to the proper officer, who is to give a certificate of the quan-: - ;	-	•	■	tity

Hosted by Google

J02	Mar

tity to the mafter, and on arrival at the port of confignment, he is to deliver the fame to the officer of the excifej and if malt fo carried (hall not arrive until after the officer (hall have taken an account of the confignees flock, he (hall give a certificate of the quantity, and of the party intitled to the allowance, &c. Same adf, f. io.

7.	Malt brought by water from Scotland to England, and not arriving until after April 5, 1792, not liable to the additional duty; and the mafter to make oath that the malt is the fame as mentioned in the certificate, and fuch malt to be kept feparate until April 6, 1792, and 50/. penalty on removing fuch malt to any other veflel, or landing at any other place than where con-figned, and the malt to be forfeited. Same a6t, f. 12.

8* 20/. penalty on mafters neglecting to deliver certificates, and perfons counterfeiting them to forfeit 500/. and certificates to be produced after four months, and before fix months, from the time of their be-ing granted. Same a<5t, f. 18.

9.	Duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, continued for the fervice of the year 1792. Chap. 18.

Man, IJle of.

See Coaft Trade. Chap. 50.

Manchejler, Lancafhire.

See Paving. Chap. 69. See Ca-tfals'y Navigable. Chap. 84.

Mangrove Bark> Red.

See Bark. Chap. 49.

March, Cambridgefhire.

See Inckfures. Chap. 108. ■

Nat

Marines

Regulated while on (bore, a $ continued annually* Chap. 17.

See Seamen. Chap. 33.

Mafters in Chancery.

See Chancery. Chap. 42.

Medway River.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 105.

Militia.

For the charge of pay and cloath-ing the militia in England for one year, from March 25, 1792, continued annually.

Monk Wear mouth, Durham.

See Bridges. Chap. 90.

Montgomery.

See Poor. Chap. 96.

Montrofe, Scotland.

See Bridges. Chap. 38. Mufquito Shore.

12,262k 19s. 9d. for Ioffes on evacuating the Mufquito (bore. Chap. 35-

Mutiny.

For punifhing mutiny and defer-tion; and for the b^ter payment of the army and their quarters in 1792, 17,013, forces including 1,620, invalids, continued annually.

N.

National Debt.

X. 400,000/. to be iflued out of the prefent year’s fupply to the bank, and placed to the account of the commiffioners, for the reduction pf national debt. Chap. 12. 35. 2. The twentieth feefiion of a<5l 26

Geq?

Hosted by Google

Nat

Geo. 3. c. 31. repealed. Chap. 55,

3.	When the interefts of any redeemable (lock is reduced, or the capital paid oft, by money raifed at a lower intereft, a fum equal to the intereft: fo faved, to be iffued quarterly from the confolidated fund, and placed to the account of the commiflioners for redu'diion of the national debt; and when the dividends placed to their account amount to 3,000,000/. exclufiv# of the quarterly fums, to be iffued from the exchequer; the dividends on hock paid off, to be confidered as redeemed. Same aci, f, 2.

4.	Exchequer to keep a feparate account of the intereft of new loans; and if provifion be not made for paying them off, as mentioned in this a6f, an additional fum equal to iooth part of the ftock to be iffued from the exchequer quarterly, and placed to the account of the com-miftioners; and if fuch loans be raifed by annuities for any term longer than 45 years, &c. iooth part of the value of fuch as may be excepted, to be then outftanding to be iffued,. and the computation of fuch value to be made by the com* miffioners, and copies delivered to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, who is to certify to the treafury and exchequer the amount of the additional fum to be iffued. Same a <51, f. 3.

5.	Sums iffq'ed under this a <51, to be iffued in the order the loans have taken place, and whenever there (hall not be money of the confolidated fund fufticient to pay the further fum, to be iffued in confe-quence of any new loan, the deficiency (hall be made good, as di-redted by 26 Geo. 3. c. 31. and any deficiency in the quarterly payments at the end of the year, to be ma$e good out of any fuppli£s granted for the current, or any preceding year. Same a.dt* ft 5.

a

New 703

6.	Monies* placed to the account of the commiflioners, to be applied as mentioned in this adl, and the ' flock redeemed to be transferred to their account, and the dividends placed thereto, and Aims, placed to their account in confequence of any new loan, to be kept feparate; and perfons counterfeiting certificates, to fuffer death as felons. Same adl, ft 8.

Navigable Canals.

See Canals, Navigable•

Navigable Rivers.

See Rivers, Navigable.

Navy.

1.	1,854,482/. granted for naval fer-vices for the year 1792. Chap. 3v

2.	131,000/ towards paying off the navy debt. Same adl.

See Seamen. Chap. 33, 34, 67.

New Brunfwick.

Newfoundland.

1.	The King may inftitute a court of criminal and civil jurifdidlion at Newfoundland, and appoint a chief juftice, &c. Chap. 46.

2.	The governor, with the advice of the chief juftice, may inftitute fur-rogate courts, and the fupreme and furrogate courts are to proceed as directed by this adl. Same adl, ft 2.

3.	In adlions above 10/. jurors may be fummoned, but if 12 fhould not appear, 2 affeffors, with the chief juftice or furrogates, may proceed to trial, and appeals may be made to the fupreme court from judgements

4,520ft granted for the civil efta-blilhment of New Brunfwick in Ante-, rica. Chap. 35.

Hosted by Google

704	New

ments for 40/. in the furrogate court, and ioo/. in the fupreme court, to the King in council. Same ad, f. 4.

4.	When goods are attached, if it (hall appear that the party is in-folvent, the court (hall order his effeds to be colleded, and diftri-buted as mentioned in this ad; and the certificate of the court to be a bar to fuits for debt, prior to the declaration of insolvency. Saipe ad, f. 6.

5.	Suits, where the caufe of action (hall arife before Auguft 1, 1792, to be commenced within 6 years, and the chief juftice, or perfons appointed by him, may grant admi-niftrations or probates of wills. Same ad, f. 9.

6.	Ad 31 Geo. 3. c. 29. continued until the opening of the fupreme court. Same ad, f. 11.

7.	No court, except the fupreme and furrogate courts, to hold pleas of a civil nature, but the vice admiralty court may hold plea of maritime caufes, (except for wages) and caufes of revenue, and difputes re-fpeding the wages ot feamen, &c. may be heard in the court of fef-fions, or before 2 juftices, and fuits for debts under 405. may be determined in a fummary way. Same ad, f. 12.

8.	The chief juftice to fettle the forms of procefs, and the fees to betaken in the courts, and the fees in the furrogate courts to be accounted for in the fupreme court, and no officer of the cuftoms capable of ading as a juftice, and this ad to continue until June 10, 1793* Same ad, f. 14.

9.	1,306/. 75. 6d. granted to defray the falaries of the governor* and civil officers there. Chap. 35.

Newhayen, Scotland.

See Scotland* Chap. 93*

Orel

Newspapers.

See Lottery. Chap. 61.

Newport, Monmouthfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 102.

New Providence.

Ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 27. for allowing the importation and exportation of goods, &c. in the ifland of New Providence. Chap. 37.

New South Wales.

1. 4,726/. granted for the civil efta-blifhment there. Chap. 35.

2* 22,179/. I2^. 6d. forproviftons fent there. ' Same ad.

Nithy River.

See Fijh and Fijhery. Chap. 94.

Nottingham.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 100.

Nova Scotia.

5,376/. jjs. 6d. granted for the civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia. Chap. 35.

°.

Oak Bark.

<g|EE Bark. Chap. 49.

Oldham, Lancajhire.

See Canahy Navigable. Chap. 84.

Ordnance.

j. 877/. in. 2d, granted for the land fervice of the ordnance prior: to December 31, 1793. Chap. 35.

2. 43,225/.

Hosted by Google

Pav

2.	43*225/. 185. 5^. for the land fer-vice of the ordnance in 1790. Same a<ft.

3.	377,898/. 15. 8i. for the land fer-vice of the ordnance in 1792. Same a £f.

Terminer.

See Seffions of the Peace. Chap. 48.

P.

Pancras Saint, Middlefex.

(^EE Churches. Chap. 66.

Pankbourn, Berks.

See Bridges. Chap. 97.

Paper.

See Cufloms. Chap. 54.

Parliament.

On days appointed by the houfe of commons, for taking ele&ion petitions into confideration, meflages from the houfe of lords may be received previous to reading the order of the day; and on days appointed for trial of articles of impeachment, bufinefs neceflary for carrying on the profecution, may in like manner be proceeded on. Chap. 1.

Paving, &c.

1.	For cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating the ftreets, lanes, paflages, and places, within the towns of Manchefter and Salford in the county of Lancafler\ and for widening and rendering morecom-modiousfeveral of theftreets,lanes, and paffages there. Chap. 69.

2.	For widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing, and regulating the ftreets, &c. within the towns of Great and Little Bolton 5

Poo	70$

and for fupplying the faid towns with water; and for providing fire engines, and firemen, and for removing nuifances; and for licenfing and regulating hackney coachesj and chairs there. Chap. 71.

3.	For paving, cleanfing, lighting, and otherwife improving theftreets, lanes, &c. in the borough of Derby, and for felling a certain piece of wade ground fituate within the faid borough, called Nurfs^ Green towards defraying the expence of the faid improvements. Chap. 78.

4.	For better paving, cleanfing, and otherwife improving the borough, of Bojlon in Lincolnfbire. Chap. 80.

5.	The like of the town of Portfea in the county of Southampton. Chap. 103.

6.	The like of the town of Carmarthen; and for fupplying the faid town with water. Chap. 104.

Pilots.

A£t 3 Geo. 1. c. 13. for regulating

pilots of ihips from Dover, See. and

7 Geo. 1. c. 21. f. 14. for further regulating fuch pilots, continued to

March 25, 1806. Chap. 36.

Pontnewynydd, Monmouthfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 10$.

PggI, Shropfhire.

See Poor. Chap. 96.

Poor.

1.	For the better relief and employment of the poor of and belonging to the parifti of Tewkefbury in the county of Gloucefter. Chap. 70.

2.	The like within fuch part of the parifti of IVhitchurch as maintains its own poor, and lies in the county of Salop. Chap. 85.

3.	The like within the feveral pa-

rifties

Hosted by Google

rifhes of Atcham, Wxoxeler, Ber-rington, Cund, Eaton Confiantine, Henley, Leighton, Uffington, and £//>-ton Magna, and the chapelry of Greffiage, in the county of &?/?/>. Chap. 95.

4.	The like of the poor belonging to

the parifhes of Montgomery and p00/,\in the counties of Montgomery and	Chap.	96.

5.	The like of the poor of the feve-ral parifhes in the city of Worcefler, and of the parifhes of Saint Martin 3nd &2/7rf Clement, which are part in the city, and part in the county; and for providing a burial ground for the ufe of fuch parifhes* Chap. 99.

Portfea, Hampfhire.

See Paving. Chap. 103*

Portfinouthy Hampfhire.

See Horfes. Chap. 32. See £/;rr/>. Chap. 32.

Pojl Office.

See Stamps. Chap. 51.

Privy Garden.

So much of 3<5f 27 Geo. 3. c. 22. as relates to the fale of the houfe in Privy Garden, heretofore ufed as an office for the commiflioners of the lottery, repealed; and the King enabled to grant the faid premifes. Chap.

24.

Qualifications.

AC T of qualification for offices, &c. continued as ufualannually. Chap, 27.

Reg

Quercitron.

See Bark. Chap. 49,

Quo Warranto.

1.	From the firft day of Trinity term , 1793, defendants to informations in nature of Quo Warranto, for the exercife of any office, may plead the holding it fix years, or more, and forfeiture of office within fix years, before information may be replied to fuch plea. Chap. 58.

2.	Title derived under an election ' not to be affe&ed on account of

defedt in the title of the perfon eledting, if he was in the exercife of his office fix years previous to the information; and the officer having the cuflody of corporation records, to permit any member thereof to infpedf the book of ad-miffion of freemen, on penalty of 100/. Same act, f. 3.

R.

Ramfgale, Kent. gEE Harbours. Chap. 74.

Renfrcwfhire.

See Scotland. Chap. 68.

Rivers, Navi?able.

'	cV

For improving the navigation of the river Medivay, from the town of Maidjlone, through the parifhes of Maidjlone, Boxley, Aldington, and Aylef-ford in Kent. Chap. 105.

Rogues and Vagabonds.

1. Rogues and vagabonds ordered to be conveyed by paffes by 17 Geo. 2. c. 5. to be publickly whipped, or confined in a houfe of corredtion,

and

Hosted by Google

Sco

and no reward to be paid for apprehending them, until they have been punifhed; and no female vagabond to be whipped. Chap. 45.

2. Juftices may order rogues or vagabonds to be conveyed by partes, by mafters of houfes of corredlion, and juftices at feffions to direct what rates fhall be allowed for paff-ing rogues or vagabonds; and fol-diers and marines wandering and begging, to be deemed rogues and gabonds; and perfons negledling to provide for their families, to be deemed idle and disorderly. Same aft, f. 5.

s.

Salford, Lancajhire.

<gEE Paving. Chap. 69.

Sandwich, Kent.

See Harbours. Chap. 74.

Scotland.

1.	The capital of the bank of Scotland further increafed 3,600,000/. Scots, or 300,000/. rterling, and former adls confirmed except,where altered by this a6V. Chap. 25.

2.	4,660/. granted for roads and bridges in the highlands. Chap.

35^	.	\

3.	For granting relief to paftors, mi-

nifters and lay perfons of the epifcopal communion in Scotland. Chap. 63.

4.	For making effedlual the ftatute labour in the county of Renfrew,, and for levying converfion money in lieu of labour in certain cafes, and for cth$rwife regulating, making, and repairing high roads and bridges in the faid county. Chap. ■68. !

Vol. XKXVIL

Sea	707

5.	For improving the communication between the county of Edinburgh and the county of Fife, by the partages or ferries crofs the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Nnuhaven, in the county of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn, 2nd Brunt if and in the county of Fife; and for rendering the harbours and landing places more commodious. Chap. 93-

Seal Skins.

Adi 31 Geo. 3. c. 26. allowing the importation of feal (kins cured with foreign fait duty free, continued to June 14, 1798. Chap. 36.

Seamen.

1.	From Augujl 1, 1792, the agent of hofpitals to make out a certificate of difcharge for non-commif-fioned officers of marines, or marines difmirted as unferviceable, as diredlcd by act 31 Geo. 2. c. 10. Chap. 33.

2.	If any non-com mifiioned officer of marines, or marine, die in the fervice of his Majefty, the captain of the (hip to make out a ticket of the pay due, and fend the fame to the commiffioners of the navy; and if any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines or marine, die in the fervice of his Majefty, the captain to caufe his effedts to be fold at the maft. Same a61, f. 2.

3.	Captains to caufe the names of the non-commiflioned officers of marines and marines, to be read over with the names of the petty officers and feamen, and to tranlmit lifts of fuch as fhall be defirous of remitting their wages, and marines may receive bills for their wages upon the receiver general of the land tax, or collectors of the cuf-toms or excife, and duplicates of

A a a	bills.

Hosted by Google

708	Sea

bills, if not produced in fix months, to be returned to the treafurer of the navy. Chap. 3. f. 4.

4.	Captains to grant to petty officers, feamen and marines, turned over from other (hips or difcharged, tick ets for thepay due, according to the forms prelcribed by this act; and agents of hofpitals to give certificates of the difcharge therefrom of feamen, he, and commanders of veil'd s. bringing home feamen, &c. from hofpitals abroad, to grant certificates of having paid them no wages for their fcrvices during their pafiage home, on penalty of 50/. Same ad, f. 7.

5.	9d, a day to be allowed for Seafaring men fhipwrecked, he, in cafes where 6d, was directed by ad 31 Geo. 2. c. 10. Same ad, f. 8.

6.	The navy board to aflign for payment tickets prefented or tranf-mitted to them. Same act, f. 9.

7.	Agents of hofpitals to make out lifts of feamen, &c. fent there, which when figned (hall be their vouchers, and feamen, &c, returning to their (hips, to leave their fick tickets with the agents, but if dif-charged as unferviceable, or fent to any other (hip, to keep them, and if fent to hofpitals in Great Britain, to be allowed only thirty days pay while they remain there. Same ad, f, 10.

8.	The navy board to make out tickets for feamen, &c. left behind on fervice when (hips proceed to fea, and feamen, he. discharged as unfervicbable from hofpitals, being at ports where no commiffioner of the navy refides, and wifhing to receive payment of tickets, to apply to the colledors of the cuftoms, he. who on fuch applications are toafeertain the identity of the party, and iranfmit the tickets to the navy board, who are to make out re-

Sea

mittance bills for the fame. Same ad, f. 13.

9 - Other tickets may be made for thofeloft, on application to the navy office; and executors may receive the pay due, where the party fhall have died before receiving payment of tickets; and agents of hofpitals to forward tickets of dead perfons to the navy board. Same ad,

f. T5- ,

10.	On produdion of the duplicate of a remittance bill to any receiver general of the land tax, &c, with-in fix months, he (hall examine into the truth of it upon oath, and pay the fame without fee, and if the receiver general, he, has not money in his hands when duplicates are prefented, he is to appoint a day for payment within a month, and 50/. penalty for delaying payment, and payment of tickets not to be poftponed, though the mufter books are not regularly tranfmitted to the navy office, and errors in tickets to be made good by the' perfons granting them. Same ad, f. 16.

11.	Tickets, bills, and duplicates to be vouchers to the treafurer of the navy. Same ad, f. 19.

12.	The pay of commiffioned or warrant officers, to be paid to them or their attornies, unlefs an alignment be produced at ithe time of payment ; and the treafurer of the navy not to regard any power of attorney, unlefs produced when the wages are paying, and matters to receive the wages of apprentices. Same ad, f. 20.

13.	No feamen, he, liable to procefs, but for a criminal matter, or for a debt contraded before he belonged to any (hip, of 20/. or upwards, and oath of the debt to be made, and perfons arrefted contrary to this^d to be difeharged, pnd intitled to cofts. Same ad, f„ 22. ,

14. Per-

Hosted by Google

Sea

14.	Perfons counterfeiting tickets. See* guilty of felony, and fo much of ad 31 Geo. 2. c. 10. as is not hereby repealed, to remain in force. Chap. 33. f. 23.

15.	From Augujl x, 1792, no letter of attorney or will of a non-com-miffioned officer of marines to be valid, unlefs made according to 26 Geo. 3. c. 63. and letters of attorney or orders from difcharged Teamen, &c. executed within-(even miles of a port where feamen’swages are then paid, not valid unlefs at-tefted by a clerk of the treafurer of the navy. Chap. 34.

♦16. Captains to deliver to difcharged feamen, &c. a certificate, and no feaman, &c. in titled to receive his wages, unlefs his perfon be identified by an officer of the (hip; cr if difcharged from one fhip to another, or taken by the enemy, or (hipwrecked, he complies with the regulations mentioned in this ad. Same ad, f, 3.

17.	No feamen, &c. who has run from a (hip, (hall receive \X-ages, unlefs his mark be taken off. Same ad,f.4,

18.	When (hips, having been twelve months in pay, (hall arrive where any commiffioner of the navy re-Tides, and money-iffued for paying them, the wages for the time the books are preparing, (hall bereferv-ed o ver a n d a bo v e t h e li x m o n t h s, t o be left unpaid, purfuant to 31 Geo. 2. c. 10. Same ad, f. 5.

IQ. No fetter of attorney to be patted by the infpedor, until a certificate is produced and executed on board,

. agreeable to 26 Geo. 3. c. 63. and an order for any fum not exceeding 7/. may be given upon the trea-' furer of the navy, attetted, &c. as mentioned in this ad. Same ad, ‘ f. 6.	.

2p. Who are to be deemed petty officers, feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines or marines, within the meaning of this and

Sea709

former a<5b, and months to be reckoned by the calendar, except in the computation of pay, &c. and lieutenants to fign their names in the (nutter book, for the purpofe of being compared with the attention of wills; and captains to fpe-cify in the mutters which of the men have granted wills "in the month. Same ad, f. 8.

21.	Captains failing from foreign ftations, when no opportunity of tranfmitting mutters, &c. offers, to leave them with the naval officer, and captains when removed to deliver compleat mutter books to their fucceffors, who are to give receipts for the fame, without which no general certificate to be granted. Same ad, f. 12.

22.	Parifh minifters may deliver checks tranfmitted by the infpedor to attornies, &c. and letters of attorney and wills to be examined by the infpedor, who (hall iffue checks. Same ad, f. 14.

23.	Wages of feamen, &c. dying in-tettate, to be paid only upon ad-minittration, and executors to obtain probates of wills in the manlier mentioned in this ad, and creditors defirous of adminittering to feamen, &e. mutt apply to the infpedor, and tt.3te the amount of their demands, who is to fign the account, and make out a certificate of the demand, and to forward it to a prodor, who is to obtain ad-minittration as preferibed by this ad, and if any balance remains after paying the creditor, to remain with the treafurer of the navy for perfons intitied thereto. Same ad,

{- J5*

24.	When letters of adminittration

or probates of wills have been obtained and patted* the infpedor to iffue a check, and if the fum due does not exceed 10/. the infpedor to iffue a certificate, which is to be delivered to the executor, &c. if A a a 2	P"e-

Hosted by Google

yio	Sea

prefent, otherwise to the deputy paymafter, who on receivingchecks or certificates is to compute the wages due, and pay tile balance* and if the party reiide at a difiance, a remittance bill to be made out and figned,asin cafes where wages are remitted at the payoffhip,by 31 Geo. 2. c. 10. Chap. 34. f. 22.

25.	On produdion of the duplicate of a remittance bill to any receiver general of the land tax, &c. within fix months, he (hall examine into the truth of it upon oath, and pay the fame; and if he (hall not have money in his hands when duplicates are tendered, to appoint a day within a month, and 50/. penalty for delay of payment, and bills and duplicates to be allowed in palling the accounts of the treafurer of the navy. Same ad, f. 26.

26.	Forging certificates, checks, &c. death; and feamen^ &c. attempting \ to receive their pay on forged certificates, or afiifting in forging them, to be punifhed as in cafes of perjury. Same ad, f. 29.

27.	The following fums to be paid

for probates of wills and letters of adminifiration of feamen, &c. granted, in purfuance of this ad, viz.	/. s. d.

Probates of wills if the effects are under 20/. value 0152 For letters of adminifiration -	-	-	142

For probates of wills under 40/*	-	-	188

For letters of adminftra-

tion	-	-	-	1 17 8

For probates of wills under 60/. ,	-	-	1 11 ^

For letters of adminifiration	-	-	286

For probates of wills under 100/.	1 13 8

For letters of adminifiration	-	-	2110

For commiflions or requi-' fitions to fwear executors

Sea,

oradminiftratorsunder20/. 0 15 o And under 100/.	-	130

The following fums to be paid for probates of wills or letters of ad-miniftration granted to the widow, children, father, mother, brother or fifter, in purfuance of this ad, viz.	I. s. d.

For probates of wills under 20/.	-	-	060

For letters of adminifiration	-	o 140

For probates of wills under 40/.	-	-	o 19 6

For letters of adminifiration	-	-	176

For probates of wills under 60/.	-	-	’	130

For letters of adminifiration	-	-	1	11	o

For probates of wills under 100/.	' -	76

For letters of adminifiration	-	-	1	15	6

For commifiions or requi-fitions, to fwear executors or adminiftrators under

o	12	o

o	15	6

o	16	6

o	18	6

bame ait, I. 31.

28.	No ecclefiaftical court or other perfon, fave as before mentioned, to receive more than 51. For the probate of any will, or any letters of adminifiration granted to the widow, children, father, mother, brother or fifter of any feamen, See. unlefs his effeds amount to the value of 100/. and 51. for a com million or requifition to fwear the widow, &c. being executors or adminiftrators. Same ad, f. 33.

29.	Bills of cofts on letters of admi-niftration granted to creditors^ to be taxed bv the regifters of the prerogative court, who are to have a fee of 35. 4d. for taxing the fame, and prodors to forward letters of adminifiration, and certificates

20/.

Under 40/. Under 60/. Under 100/.

Hosted by Google

Sea

cates of charges to the treafurer or paymafter of the navy, and 50/. penalty for taking more than the prefcribed fums for probates, &c. and prodors procuring probates, he. contrary to this ad, or 26 Geo.

3.	c. 63. incapable of ading in any ecclefiaftical court in Great Britain, and to forfeit 500/. but the treafurer or paymafter may allow rea-fonable charges for extraordinary trouble, &c. and fo much of 26 Geo. 3. c. 63. as is not hereby repealed, to continue in force. Chap. 34- f* 34-

30.	When veflels, not in any port of Great Britain or the coaft thereof, fhall have twelve months pay due, the captains to caufe the names of inferior officers, feamen, &c. to be read over, and to tranfmit lids of fuch as (hall allot their wages to be paid to relations in Ireland to the navy board, and the commiffioners. of the navy, upon receiving lifts, to make out duplicate certificates for fuch allotments, and one of the certificates to be tfanfmitted to the perfon named in the lift, and the other to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland. Chap. 67.

31.	Inferior officers, feamen, &c. deficous of remitting their wages to Ireland, may receive certificates addreffed to the commiffioners of the revenue, and one to be delivered to the perfon requiring it, and the other to be tranfmltted to the commiffioners of the revenue in

, Ireland. Same ad, f. 4.

32.	The treafurer of Greernvick Hof-pital to make out certifica tes cf the out-penfions of feamen refiding in Ireland, and one to be tranfmit ted to the out-penfioner, and the other to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland. Same ad, f. 5.

33.	When the revenue officers in Ireland are authorifed to grant receipts to difeharged petty officers, feamen,, for foreign remove

711

tickets, he. and fhall tranfmit the fame with the neceflary documents, the commiffioners of the navy to caufe ^remittance certificates to be made out for the balance, but payment of certificates not to be poft> poned, though the duplicates of tickets, or the mufter books may not have been regularly tranfmitted to the navy office, and errors in tickets to be made good by perfons granting them. Same acft, f.. 7.

34.	Remittance certificates to be made cut for wages payable to executors, &c. refiding in Ireland, as in cafes of parties defiring their wages to be remitted there. Same acft, f. 9.

35.	Money paid in Ireland on certificates to be repaid by the treafurer of the navy, but if duplicates of certificates be not produced for payment in nine months, to be cancelled, andtickets, hc.io be vouchers for the treafurer of the navy; and perfons counterfeiting certificates, guilty of felony. Same ad, f. 10.

36.	Officers of the navy, he. to af-fiftin granting certificates, and 50/. penalty on clerks taking upautho-rifed fees. Same ad, f. 13.

37.	The admiralty to direcSt theeom-miffioners of the navy to deliver blank certificates, as prefcribed by 32 Geo. 3. c. 34. to captains of the navy requiring them, and.the treafurer to caufe to be printed and delivered an abftrad of the regulations by a<ft$ of parliament reflecting the payment of the navy, to the principal officers of the navy, he. to be hung up, and promulgated, and the admiralty to deliver copies of the abftrad to, the captains of ftiips, who (hall caufe one with the articles of war to be hung up in the moft publick place of the (hip, and read monthly to the crew, and the commiffioners of the navy to enquire whether

A a a 3	tl)S

Hosted by Google

712	Sef

the directions for hanging up the abftradl, &c.: have been obferyed, and the admiralty to redrefs complaints, be. Chap. 67. f. 14.

38.	So much of a61 31 Geo* 2. c. 30. as diredts abftradts thereof to be made out, hung up, &€. ^repealed, and the general abftradt of acts, now in force, relating to the payment of fea men’s-.’wages, annexed to this act, to be ufed. Same adt, f. 15.

Servants.

I, From April 5, 1792, the duties on female fervants, granted by^Geo.

3 c. 42. to ceafe. Chap. 3.

2- Any perfon perfonating a matter, be. or giving a falfe charadter to a fervant, or afterting that a fervant has been hired for a period of time, or in a ftation, or was difeharged at any other time, or had not been hired in any previous fervice contrary to fact, or any fervant pretending to have ferved where he has not, or with a falfe certificate, or ’who (hall alter any certificate, or who having been before in fervice, fhall pretend not to have been in fuch fervice, fhall on convidtion forfeit 20/. and not paying the penalty, may be committed to prifon. Chap. 56..

3. informer, though intitled to pa'rt of the penalty,.! competentwitnefs,and offenders difeovering accomplices before information indemnified; and parties aggrieved ,may appeal to the quarter feftlons, where the matter may be finally determined irt a furnmary way; but proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, or removed by certiorari. Same adl, f. 7.

SeJ/ions of the Peace'.

Seftiohs of the,peace and oyer and terminer before the juft ices of the peace,far Mddlfex^ ngt to be.difeon-

.SI a

t'nued by the eflbi^n day, or fitting of the court of King’s bench. Chap. 48.

Sheep.

To revive and continue fo much of adi 6 Geo. 3. c. 50. as relates to the conveyance of (beep between Cowes in the ifle 0$Wights and the ports of Southampton and Portfmouth, and to extend the fame to horfes and nbs. Chap. 32.

See Horfes. Same adi.

Silk. -

The wages of journeymen weavers in any manufacture of filk mixed with other materials, to be fettled as directed by isGeo. 2. c. 68. Chap. 44.

2. Perfons buying filk from thofe employed to work up any filk manufacture, be. knowing them to be fo employed, liable to punifh-ment, as alfo perfons felling purloined filk. Same adl, f. 4.

Skins.

So much of 9 Geo. 3. c. 39. as relates to the free importation of raw hides and fkins from Ireland, and the Britijh plantations in America, continued to June 1, 1796. Chap. 36.

Skippers and Keelmen.

For eftablifhing a permanent fund for the relief and fupport of fkippers and keelmen employed in the coal trade on the river Wear, in the county of Durham, and for relief of their widows and children. Chap. 29.

Slave Trade.

I. 100/. iftued to the fecretary of the com millioners under the; llavt adh Chap. 35.	j

2, 4,141/,

Hosted by Google

Sug

2.	4,1412. 115. 7\d. for compenfation to owners of fhips in the African Have trade. Chap. 35.

3.	To continue ads for regulating the (hipping, and carrying flaves in Britijb veflels from Africa. Chap, 52,

Sleaford, Lin coin(hire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap, 106.

Soap.

See Excfe. Chap. 21,

Somers Iflanis.

See Bermuda* Chap. 35,

Southampton.

See Horfes. Chap. 32. See Sheep, Same ad.

&w//j EJk River.

See Bridge's* Chap. 38,

Stamps.

The duty of 6;. on agreements by 23 Geo. 3. c. 58. not to extend to letters palling by poll: between merchants, &c. refiding fifty miles from each other. Chap. 51.

z# Staffordfhire.

See IVorkboufes. Chap. 20.

Sufferances.

See Horfes. Chap. 32.

Sugar.

I* For regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar, and for perinittingtheimportation of fugar and coffee into the Baba-

%	_ 713;

tna and Bermuda iflarids in Foreign (hips. Chap. 43.

2.	If it (hall appear by notice in the Gazette, that the average price of Mufcovddo fugar,. exclufive of the cuftoms, flnall exceed the rates fpe-citied in this ad, the drawback and bounty on refined fugar produced therefrom to ceafe, until new average prices are notified in the Gj-zetu, except exported to Ireland or the Britijh dominions, but the drawback to be allowed in cafes where fugar is begun to be (hipped, when the price is'under the fum at which the drawback arid bounty ceafes, though the price may rife to that fum before the exportation. Same ad, f. 2.

3.	When the drawback final! not be

allowed, no more fugar to be exported to Guernfey than 60 Cwt. To Jerfcy -	60

To Alderney and	Sark	16

To the lfe of Man	40

When the bounty (hall not be allowed, no more refined fugarr to be exported to Guernfey than -	-	200	Cwt.

'Tojerfey -	200

To Alderney and	Sark	33

And to the lfe of Man 100 Same ad, f. 3.

4.	Importers of fugar in London to give ari account on oath every IVednefday, to the clerk of the grocers company of the quantities of Mufcovado fugar bought and fold by them, together with the price paid for the fame, and the clerk of the faid company is to compute tlie average price, and publilh the fame in the Gazette, and keep a book containing the accounts received from importers. Same ad,

r. 4,

5.	The treafury may appoint a falary for the clerk of the grocers company, arid 50/. penalty for neg-leding his duty under this ad 3 2nd importers negleding to deliver in

ac«

Hosted by Google

Tur

714	Tau

accounts to forfeit 40J. for every cafk of'fugar. Chap. 43. f. 6.

6* Exporters and matters to enter into bond for the due exportation of fugar, and , no drawback or bounty allowed on fugar exported to Ireland or Guernfey-> &c. until a certificate be produced of its being landed, and when the drawback fhall ceafe under the provisions of this aft, the commiflioners of the cuttocns not to grant any licence by virtue of afts 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. and 15 Geo. 2. c. 33. until the new average prices be publifhed in the Gazette. Same aft, f. 8.

7,	Sugar and coffee not of the Britljh plantations may be imported in Britijh built (hips into the ports of London, Brijhl, Liverpool, Lancajler, Glafgow and Leith,without payment of duty, and may be exported from warehoufes duty free, but if taken out for home confumption, the duty mutt be firft paid. Same act, f. n.

8.	Sugar and coffee, the produce of any foreign country, may be imported into the Bahama and Bermuda iflands in foreign Ships, fub-jeft to the regulations of 27 Geo. 3. c. 27. and 30 Geo. 3. c. 29. and if imported into Great Britain, &c. from th^Bahama orBermuda iflands, 10 be deemed not of the Britijh plantations. Same aft, f. 12.

T.

Tallow.

ACT 7 Geo. 3. c. 12. to difcon-tinue the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, &c. continued to March 25, 1794. Chap. 36.

, TalterJhall, Lincolnjhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 107.

Taunton, Somerfetfhire.

See Hofpitals. Chap. 98.

Tea.

From July 5,1792, the certificates required on exporting tea to Ireland or America, by aft 21 Geo. 2. c. 14. no longer to be produced. Chap. 9.

Tewkejbury, Gloucejler/hire.

See Poor. Chap. 70.

Tools.

Afts 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. and 26Geo.

3.	c. 89. prohibiting the exportation of tools and utenfils of trade, continued to the end of the next feflion of parliament. Chap. 36.

Treafurer of the Navy.

See Seamen. Chap. 33, 34. 67.

Treafury.

1,926/. 9s. 10\d. iflued to Mr. Cotton, to pay the bills of exchange, by direction of the commiffioners of the treafury. Chap. 35.

■ Turkey Company.

The Turley company may appoint perfons to adminifter the oath, preferred by 26 Geo. 2. c. 18. to Britijh fubjefts refident in foreign parts, who after taking the faid oath may be admitted into the company; and the treafurer of the company may fupply the place of governor and deputy governor at courts, &c. Chap. 65.

Turner, James.

For vetting in James Turner, his executors, adminiftrators and afligns, the foie ufe and property of a certain yellow colour of his invention. Chap.

72,

Vffingtorj9

Hosted by Google

War

u.

Uffington, Shropjhire.

j£VEE Poor. Chap. 95,

United States of America.

To continue the laws now in force, for regulating the trade between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the united Rates of America, until April 5, 1793. Chap. 14.

Upper Canada.

See Canada. Chap. 35.

Upton Magna, Shropfhire.

See 7W. Chap. 95.

Upwell, Cambridgefhire.

See Inclofures. Chap. 108.

t7/# River, Monmouthshire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 102.

v.

Vagrants.

SEE Rogues and Vagabonds. Chap. 45-

Waggons.

FROM April 5, 1792, the duties on waggons, carts, &c. granted by 23 Geo. 3. c. 66. to ceafe. Chap. 4-

Warton Cragg, Lancashire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. ioi.

715

Warrants.

See Excife. Chap, io.

River, Durham.

See Skippers and Keelmen. Chap. 29. See Bridges. Chap. 90.

Houghton, Lancashire.

Set Canals, Navigable. Chap, iot.

JPAa/* 0/7,

Whale oil, whalebone, &c. at the firft fale exempted from the duty on actions impofed by act 27 Geo. 3. c,

13.	Chap. 41.

Whitchurch, Oxfordshire.

See Bridges. Chap. 97.

Whitchurch, Shropshire.

See jFW. Chap. 85.

Whitehaven, Cumberland.

See Harbours. Chap. 75.

Wight, of.

See	Chap.	32.	<

Wimblington, Cambridgefhire.

See Inclofures. Chap. 108.

Windows.

See Houfes. Chap. 2.

Witham, River.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 106, 107.

Worcefier, City of.

See Poor. Chap. 99.

For

Hosted by Google

' Tor "

716	Wr

W'orkhoufes.

For providing a workhoufe for the poor of the parilh of Stone in Stafford-Jlrire, and for regulating and employing the poor therein. Chap. 2p.

See Churches. Chap. 39. 64.

IVroxeter, «Shropshire.

See Poor+ Chap. 95.

Wryley hank, Staff ordjhire. See CanQls} Navigable ■ Chap. 81.

Y.

York, Duke and Duehefs of.

SEE King, §)ucen and Royal Family. Chap. 13.

END of the INDEX.

Hosted by Google

TO THE BINDER.

When the Volume is bound complete, place all the Tables in regular order at the beginning; and all the Indexes in the fame order at the end of the Volume.

Hosted by Google